Disappointment all around.  Staff rude, food bland, salsa tastes like tomato water.  Only neat thing here is the mexican drinks on tap.  Extremely disappointing.
Sugar Factory had a great ambience, the server was really friendly, funny and invited us back for breakfast. My boys and I all had steaks before a night out, I had the filet mignon medium rare and it was cooked perfectly and to my delight was tender and flavorful. Definitely worth trying at least once.
This place is hit or miss for me.  Good location, great looking women working there but food is never outstanding.  But if you want to have fun and be seen then this a place to go.
Amazing food, atmosphere , drinks... Even if you do not live close by, it is for sure worth a drive!
eggs bene w/chedder cheese on the the top??? holindase w/NO flavor, pancakes were good suryp was flavorless ,service was great I usually get bagel w/lox it's the best  ...........great deli
Pas vraiment bon. Des frites pas cuites dans une poutine, \u00e7a ne fait pas tr\u00e8s professionnel. Allons ailleurs!
Wynn Hotel's Wing Lei\nReally wanted to like it\nAlas just O.K.
avoid this tourist trap\n\nmediocre re heated chain restaurant food\n\nannoying Disney esque Mexican decor
Quality food. Not huge portions but excellent quality and flavor. The staff is awesome too friendly and prompt.
LGBTQ was the best BLT ever. If you like real coffee you've got to go here. \nThey have great food, coffee, smoothies and lots of other things. Worth a visit. I'll be going back soon.
Great ambiance, very good menu which caters to everyone's needs. Whether you are a meat eater or vegan there is something there for you. Expensive but worth it.
Ruby's Gift is a nice little shop.  There's not a ton of stuff there and we never seem to leave with anything but it's a neat little place.  I always enjoy browsing the art in the back of the shop!
Warm, soft pita's... Perfect tatziki... Fresh tomatoes and cucumbers... This place has great food!
Jerk chicken, plantains, whatever- it's a great selection of Caribbean food, which is a flavor we don't get much of around here. \n\nBut man, I've been to cemeteries with more cheer than this place. I almost expect to see passed out drunk bums inside.
This is worst flight experience. Made me loose connecting flight on both ways. At the end they give a 1800 number to call a hotel and book a room by ourself. The staff is so unhepful. I would never fly with this airlines. I swear
This place is a step up from fast food Chinese food. It is pretty good for a quick bite to eat. The only entree I ever order is the Mongolian Beef. You can also see the kitchen from the dining area, I like that. The place appears to be clean.
I've been here twice with my family and cannot complain. I've had their omelette and their huevos rancheros (more like nachos) both really delicious. Only problem was during a Sunday be prepare to wait a long time for your food. They also have really good coffee.
Food good !!! Place was so dirty filthy. I could believe it like that's.
Every time I go to this location my order is wrong. Every time!  Check your order before you pull out.
fun environment, steak ok.
Crooked haircut. Had to go elsewhere to have fixed
Thanks Ruth for the great customer service you provided!!! Executive suite had an amazing view!!!!
Best croissance that's all u gotta say.....
Service here is awful.  Came in to a not so busy restaurant and was never seated, even after 3 groups of people came in after us.  They seemed to have a lot of people doing nothing.  I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
Taro and toasted coconut.... fresh fruits and healthy yogurt...  awesome..  and great service every single time.
Great spot for a truly unique hot dog. Don't be afraid to try the bear. The combination of cheese, peanut butter, BBQ sauce, bacon and cracker jacks makes for on tasty dog. Impressive selection of local and regional craft beers to top off your meal. Give it a try.
Really good food and they deliver.  Manager is such a nice guy and the food is very good.  My favorite dishes are the curry and tum ka coconut milk soup with shrimp.  Be warned when they say spicy they mean it if you don't like hot make sure you say a 1 or 2.
lol yeah alot of older people here. not my music not my crowd. lol... but theres a bar, i got a buzz and left to go somewhere better!!!!!!!!!!
The food is not that great. The menu is not that great. The atmosphere is not that great. The service is slow when it is busy. The waitresses could be hotter.
This is a smaller version of Shepler's Western Wear located inside the Sams Town casino.  They had a decent selection of hats and boots, and an okay selection of jeans.  They only had one pair of the size/brand/color we wanted, so that was a bummer!  Nice staff, though.
Definitely different and authentic\n\nWe sat outside in May for dinner  and it was perfect
Had the special. Homemade roast beef sandwich with aioli sauce,red onion and horseradish. I asked for cup of au jus and dipped my sandwich. OMG fantastic. I also got free muffins corn bread and gingerbread yum from salad bar and soft serve ice cream with meal. Great food.
Have tried the chicken sandwich recently and absolutely loved it. It really is the best chicken sandwich. I love the vinegar sauce that is on it!!!
Smell like a bathroom. Drinks taste just the same.
Back at Umami watching my LIONS whoop up on the Jets! This is such a great place to watch the games and hang out outside w drinks and great food!! SO GOOD!!! Everything's coming up Lions today!!
Came here for dinner and the place is pretty dead. The food was nothing special...I've had tastier authentic Chinese cousine. Would not waste my money here again. There are better Chinese restaurant on the same street that you don't have too look far.
What a great store! Dean the owner/manager was extremely knowledgeable and helpful about which backpack was best for me.  Very generous 30-day return policy and a wide selection of travel accessories as well as luggage. A must visit if you need luggage and want to support local businesses, especially the few who are left Downtown.
As they would say in Franch, \"le meh\"\n\nI guess this is nice, but we've got the same stores in NYC and they don't seem as snooty there as they do here.   But then again, I'm just not a retail kind of guy.
This business is hiding in the back of Park Central Mall but the baked good are killer!  The cinnamon rolls are really homemade tasting and really big for the prices they charge.  Their sandwiches are very good if you are looking for a quick lunch.  I really like their brownies too!!
The FEZ Kisra is very good.
Worst experience ever. I have been sitting in the front of the restaraunt for 20 minutes waiting for our order.
The service was sub par. The restaurant was  empty and it took them 10 minutes to ring me up for my bagels. \n \n  When picking my bagels they only had three options of bagels. What Bagel shop is out of 75% of their bagels. Poorly operated
Honk!  What a difference of opinion from the reviews read before patronizing this salon.   No one wants to go into a salon and come out looking ten years older sporting a style that is tired and not becoming.  Not a fan of the product or the attitude; won't be returning.
Lots of offerings, nice people, but holy overpriced! I wouldn't buy most of what they had because the prices were so insane.
This place is terrible! New owners or not still bad! Menu is so limited for AYCE they charge extra for anything additional... Their is a lot of Sushi places on town and feel that this place is well below PAR!
Older but updated.  The location of the Flamingo is one of it's greater values, centrally located in the strip.  The rooms are reasonable, the casino areas are ok and the food selection is tolerable (giving a pretty good range of options that oddly is missing at some of the higher end casino's).
Came here to play some of the games. This place appears trendy and chic. This place was dimly lit with an array of red lampshades on the light fixtures. Drink service was on point and they were very nice. This place mostly plays house music . Overall a good time even though this casino is smaller than most.
Good breakfast place, have been here three times and the food each time has been excellent.  The pancakes are fluffy and the latte's perfect. There is typically a long line on the weekends  so come off hours or be prepared to wait!
Food was ok. Very poor service. Took a long time just for appetizers. Rather go to the new location on west Sahara.
Went during lunch time. Wait was long to pay, and then another long wait to be seated. Food was average, there are better buffets to choose from if you are willing to pay a couple of extra bucks.  For the price, you get what you pay for.  Waitress was friendly.
The machaca burrito is my favorite!  It is so good and filling. Thanks Guys for making great food in our community!!  My grandsons like the beAn and cheese burritos.
margarita...WHAT??  give me some!!!
Lots of TVs around the restaurant. We shared a flatbread and the pulled pork sandwich and both were good. The brews were okay (barktoberfest and another dark beer) for $4.50 each.
The scones here were really tasty.  The wait was not too long, and we went prime time on a Saturday morning.  The portions were large and the prices were reasonable.  Service with a smile.
Mark our waiter was the worst I have ever had in Vegas. It's a shame that the bus boy had to do all the work. He was much better than the waiter. Mark had the personality of a rock. Food was average.
I have been with At&t for more than 10 years,  Great customer service,  no matter what the reason for your visit, they will always help, I have bought 4 phones with them and so far I have no regrets.
I thought this park was just OK.  It's kind of narrow, and a little messy.  Seems like people don't like to clean up after their dogs too much..  Other than these complaints, I liked the park.  It is long and narrow and great for a leisurely walk.
This church was amazing, the priest and choir was on point. It's a good church to go to when you're looking for a mass to attend and to go to that's closer to the strip.
This is an awful mall. For the four years I went here I might have come here twice! They had pretty much no stores here because everything was shut down! The location is great but they need to do some remodeling and bring some better stores in!
Cheeseburger and fries were delicious! \nPrices are seasonable for the size of the burger and all the condiment options to choose from. \nService was great! Friendly and helpful staff. \nClean seating areas inside the restaurant.
I stopped in at La Baguette today with my mom for pastries. I had not been there before, but I most definitely will be going back. It was great! The staff was so awesome, they made us feel fancy:) They called me madame, nice:)\nI totally recommend this place to everyone!!
Sales staff was very helpful and low pressure. Furniture is exactly what I ordered and was delivered the day it was promised. It was one hour late but totally understandable being the day before thanksgiving and people wanting their furniture for the holiday. Delivery guys were very professional and considerate. Thanks Half Price! I will be back!
Tasteless. Nasty. \nA definite go when you have no desire to eat good tasty food, and no desire to impress out of town visitors. Calamari tasted like rubber, prickly pear margherita was iced down to the fullest. My stomach hurts. But the staff was nice.
They skimp out on a lot of ingredients here. Never enough meat, cheese, etc., but if you want lettuce or sauce, they'll give you tons of that. I've never had such a depressingly soggy footlong. I suggest you go to the Jimmy Johns a block away.
Was there to pick up a car on 9/27/2010.  There was three people ahead of me and I waited about one hour for my turn.  It was a horrible experience and will never use them again.  I noticed other car rental agencies in that hub had only a few customers waiting, but maybe I got what I paid for this time.
Christine, Tina and Tom took great care of me. I had a fabulous experience - great customer service and beautiful atmosphere. I'll definitely be back!
The back patio and happy hour make this one of my favorite places to unwind after a day of work with friends. Such a relaxing environment with friendly staff who often seem just as happy to be there as I am. \n\nThe fried pickles, ahi appetizer, and amazing wings will definitely put a smile on your face.
Crowded...loud...few amenities..what's to like?
Spa in the room was nice, but the beds aren't comortable, and the pillows were like rubber. Casino is smokey compared to other places.
Holy expletive cheap prices.  I dropped off two suits, 16 shirts and two pairs of pants and it was $42.  Yeah that 125 off of my bill back in Cali,  The clothes are clean and ready on time.  What more can I ask for?
Food is good and reasonably priced but I have been there 3 times and my order was incorrect all three times
My boyfriend and I ended up getting food poisoning!  I was extremely disappointed, because the location is near our condo and the staff was so friendly!  I think we are going to the emergency room!
we be stackin chips, watching go go chicks with bouncing butts and jiggly tits...\n\nthe pleasure pit is changing the way dudes gamble on the strip.
We LOVED The Signature at MGM but hated how we were treated using Las Vegas Suites. We will DEFINITELY return to The Signature, but will not use LAs Vegas Suites!
I love this Smiths. It's very clean, logically laid out and the staff is really friendly. The deli lady actually knows me by name. \n\nThere is a variety of organic, gluten-free, and imported projects.\n\nDefinitely my favorite supermarket to shop at.
Stopped in for lunch to have a quick bite.... Very impressed! Nice atmosphere, the staff was friendly and the food was GREAT at a good price! I had the chicken cream chop pita...would definitely recommend it!
Great airport bar that is quick and easy...and good  Def recommend if your waiting for a plane outta charlotte!
My rating would be 2 1/2 if that were available.\n\nOverpriced fro what you get and does not live up to the hype.
This time around had the meatloaf and it was much better then anything I have ever had here. The mushrooms and grilled onions were the icing on the cake - oh and I LOVE their rolls they give you before the meal!  Much better experience this time around!
Seriously disappointing. Everything our table got for dinner was bland, gross, and way overpriced. The waiter was condescending at times. The environment isn't anything special. My friend got food poisoning. We all felt jipped and sad and it really ruined our Saturday night.
excellent lunch buffet.i was very much delighted with the service. Tandoori chicken i  liked the most and the goat biryani is tooo god.\nOne of the best indian restaurants.
A very nice spa pedicure that made my day!  Heck, my week!  They are clean and friendly but need new massage chairs.  Will definitely go back again and again, new chairs or not!
Been ordering with them for over a year now.  Several large orders.  Never had a problem.  I would strongly recommend using for their service and of course pricing!
It's okay. Nothing to write home about. I thought their portions were good, but their food wasn't spicy enough (even after asking for spicy) and it wasn't much better than the heated Trader Joe's Indian meals.
The first thing I noticed about this place was the absurd prices. $5.50 for a regular latte. Okay,  I still ordered one. What a disappointment. I like strong coffee,  so their watery mix of coffee and burnt tasting milk did nothing for me. But maybe you're into that.
There's not really any reason to go here.  The atmosphere is generic-sports-bar, and the food isn't very good.  The pulled pork BBQ had very little flavor--probably my least favorite of any BBQ I've had in CLT.
Went to DeMarco's last Friday and will be back again!! Amazing food, cool atmosphere, and outstanding service. Didn't expect much but Tanya stood out as a server. She made outstanding reccomendations and made us feel important. Definitely a great place to grab a bite any time of day!
Furniture Affair is awesome! They have a great variety of affordable furniture and accessories that you don't see everywhere else.
Good beer. Decent food.
Don't remember what we had - chicken in some kind of sauce. Not memorable at all, sad to say. Did like the vibe and service so I would give it another shot. Great looking patio in the summer.
This place is slow... took us 10 minutes to have a waitress come and get our order.  My drink has been empty for 15 minutes.  When the food comes around it is very good.
Only rated 3 stars because we've had better pizza and caprese salad at a nearby pizzeria. Even the extra crispy crust couldn't save this pizza.
My husband and I enjoy the Outside Inn for breakfast. The serving sizes are HUGE, the prices are decent, and the service is the BEST. While we have not yet been there for lunch or dinner you better believe after the consistent breakfast service we get we will definitely be back.
Good food but very expensive (rice and nan bread are purchased separately).\nQuite small portions also for the price. We went on Friday evening. Reservation is necessary.
Definitely the best value for your money in Vegas.  Newer than most hotels on the Strip and boasts the buffet in town.  Also has a convenient shuttle that takes you to and from the Strip (Harrah's).  Everything here is perfect except for shower water pressure.
had a blast sunday night. table service was great. awesome music.
Food not spicy at all, horrible slow service, did not feel welcome at all, rude employee! overpriced, overall an experience no one should ever have!!
They have an instant cooler for your wine and drinks. Seriously. That made my day.
Found this little hole in the wall through Yelp and gave it a try. I had eggs Benedict, which was good (cafe good, not high end good). My husband, who is very hard to please with restaurant food,  had steak and eggs, and raved about it.
Skimpy skimpy pours on wine, almost ridiculously so.  Food was mediocre. Server was nice but inattentive.  Would not go back... Too many better choices in the neighborhood
the worse sushi place : food was cheap quality, service as bad of the food. they chared us almost 8$ more for the service already on the bill. for 2 people it was 70$ ! i will never pay that much to eat so cheap. to avoid absolutely.
Typical college pizza joint with inexpensive yet passable pizza and subs (really really good bread tho). Nothing to see here folks, except maybe the freakishly tall chairs that jam your nutts right into the tables? WTF? Also, chill on the blinding florescent lights Winston!
One of the better tasting mexican fare I have found in the valley.  I would definitely go back.
Super super friendly staff and extremely fast service! The staff is always really considerate and remembers what regulars like to order. I recommend all the milkshakes and root beer float. Be sure to show your ASU ID for a student discount on the Classic Smash meal.
Perhaps the last place in Charlotte to get my favorite flavor since childhood!  Daiquiri Ice!  Rocky Road is my second favorite.  This is I believe the only \"full\" (not mixed with d.d.) Baskin Robbins in Charlotte, which means twice the flavors of the ones with Donuts.
The food is not that authentic. The sauces are too thick, salty and not subtle. They use the wrong white rice, short grain instead of Jasmine.
I'm always a fan of MAC but hate their customer service... There's a pregnant girl at this one that I love!!! Her name starts with an M I think. Anyway, 4 stars for her!!!
Food was awesome, got the pink tacos.  Much better than I expected.  Lost a star due to crappy martini.
My experience has been luke warm. I was recently there and left due to price. I have not found the people I dealt with to be warm. The services are always good.
Have to try the brisket and the donuts.
We had two pictures framed and the quality of the final product is really bad. In both, one of the corners has indentations (no idea what caused it) and in one the frame is not assembled flush. We had a 30% discount and that was probably due to the low quality.
Great beer,vibe,  and pizza! .......Da!
I get all my business cards printed here.  Great, fast, reliable service!!  Dwight behind the print  counter is the man!
1st timers and we hope to come back soon!  Nice ambiance inside or out, nice selection of Happy Hour appetizers (meals).  The calamari salad & wood fired pizza were very good.  My wife loved the Green Tea Lemonade, and our server was very knowledgeable & attentive.
Coffee good as usual but incredibly long lines and slow service.  Almost seemed like there was something wring with their POS system.  Staff seemed frustrated too and weren't too friendly.  Plenty of other Starbucks nearby, avoid this one.
I like their cakes. Great idea for gifts or parties. Their prices are quite expensive, but the flavors are solid, if a bit on the sweet side. I would recommend cinnamon or red velvet.
Took 45 minutes to rent a car with only 1 person in live ahead of us. They were too busy trying to upsell. Good for their business, bad for customers. Problems checking car back in on return. Will never rent again.
While the service was great, I was quite disappointed in the meal.  First, everything is ala carte, so you are really paying just $21 for a bowl of spaghetti!  No salad, no sides.  The quality was average, especially given the price.  I would expect either higher quality, or less price.
DONT DO IT!!!  Unless you like waiting in line for 20 minutes on a Thursday afternoon...  They have 4, yes 4 people when there is a line of 15 people.  Are you serious?!?!  \n\nZero stars but you can't do that...
Great little neighborhood Thai restaurant.  I had the red curry pork with brown rice Thai hot and it was really good.  My wife had one of the noodle bowls with meatballs and that was really good, too.  We will be back.
No matter which sandwiches you decide on skip the mayo & ask for their homemade chipotle sauce instead.  Yum yum
Horrible service. Barely acknowledged when you first walked in. Slow service and waited for my check for 20 minutes before getting up to go get it myself. Will not come again.
Started getting a stomach ache before I got halfway into my burrito. And the taste wasn't worth it. And the salsa wasn't spicy. And the place was freezing. Don't recommend at all.
All I have to say is WOOF WOOF!!!!!  After going there one time they remembered not only my name but my dogs name.  They are so helpful, professional and outgoing with each customer that walks in their doors.  LOVE IT and So will your best friend!
Love, love, love the frozen hot chocolate!!! However, the service is horrible. Next time I'll just go for the frozen hot chocolate and order it from the outside part!
This place is average. Lots of food. Speedy staff. It's a casual buffet. Great for business lunches
I love this place every time I fly out of here. The fish and chips are the best I've ever had. The batter is unique and different than your average fried fish batter.
Get a burro \"double wrapped.\"
The greeter at the door was so rude tonight we left!! I would assume the wait staff treats you the same!! If you don't like your job do n't take it out on your customers. And everyone said the service sucked 9 months ago well it still does. Evidently management is afraid to fire crappy employees.
LOVE THEM! I'm pimple free/skin cancer free Thanks to Dr. Lisa Hynes!!! Love her!
One of the best, most memorable meals of my life.  We had a party of 10 and everyones dinner was outstanding.  I had the sea bass with red curry and jasmine rice.  I still dream about it.
Was told by dispatch to call another can company because we had 5 people.
Not sure if i am reviewing the right location (not from Nevada) but the chicken was very good.  Not generic chicken strips like other fast food places.   Very large portions.  Extra sauce costs more which isn't cool.  Coleslaw wasn't very tasty.  Would go back for chicken and Texas toast for sure
I had the turkey burger and it was okay. I was turned off by the brown lettuce on sandwich. The waitstaff is rude and it took forever for our food to come out. Also the parking is terrible! I had to drive around for about 10 minutes just to find a park.
Excellent dinner on Friday night. Great wait staff and food was delicious. Different that India Palace and Ghandi's. More \"fusion\" maybe? Nice mix of northern and southern Indian cuisine. Reasonably priced. Great location for us locals who like to avoid the strip. Right across from Hard Rock Hotel, on east side of Paradise.
Great breakfast. We had the MTO breakfast and it was enough for 2 people. Everything was yummy...even the Spam! Yes, I said Spam. Don't knock it until you try it.
Very nice selection of over priced kitchen ideas that I browse and then look up on Amazon for a fraction if the price. :(
Great random find inside Webster Hall. Seriously,  check it out for lunch. Cheap food, small dive, takes card,prices are great.
Friendly hotel staff.  Wifi is absolutely terrible and seldom works. Cigarette burns on the shower ledge along with the room smelling like an ash tray.
Absolutely as good as it gets.  I have taken my pc to him a few times and he is always prompt and has fair prices.
I feel like I'm at the dentist office.  What is the deal with the florescent lights.  Food seemed like left overs.
I love malls, parking here sucks. Tried to get valet but I guess during the summer valet fills up real quick. The summer heat kept me in the stores more and made me walk into stores I wouldn't walk into because I was trying to run from the oven outside. Tons of stores and good prices!
One of, if not the best sushi restaurants in north Scottsdale.  Great value, casual atmosphere, excellent service.  Most of all for me, clean!  Highly recommend for casual sushi experience.
I highly recommend Oss Physical Therapy. I was referred to them through a friend, and now use them on a regular basis. \nThe staff are super friendly and the service is amazing! Thank you Dr Jenni and your wonderful team for your help over the years. I am truely greatful
This place is good depending on what you get. Kind of hit and miss. I had a Carne aside burrito I didn't like. The lunch special is a good deal. The beans are really good. Fried fish is really good.
Wasn't impressed. However, the homemade potato chips, awesome!
Yellow brick road is one of the best cover band I seen they are great lot of people there they played for 2 hrs without a break will be there next week for show
Horrible service! Unfriendly..... Worst subway in the East Valley...skips on ingredients. ...I highly DON RECCOMEND....PLEASE USE ANOTHER SUBWAY.....
Got a take out on a sunday evening. We ordered a bunch of different stuffs (veg. Lo Mein, fried rice, egg drop soups and general tso (obviously). Besides the general tso, all others tasted kind of bland.
Big portions and excellent service by Mike P.  His introduction of items on the menu was very helpful.  He knows his stuff! We will be back again!
Nice place for drinks.  However, I was not impressed with the food.  Had chicken and found it to be a low quality meal.
The service and food quality will bring us back. Are the employees busy? YES-Prices a little steep? YES....you are at the Las Vegas Nevada MGM Grand Hotel on the Strip so  what do you expect.....order ahead take out is best and hit that fried Chilean sea bass
Nice place but some of the items on the menu are not available unless you get a 2 for 12 but that's not what the online menu states. And it's a salad come on..
Great place, the best location in Downtown Scottsdale. Don't drink and drive, get a room at the Best Western Plus Sundial, we had free parking, free breakfast (the breakfast burritos are made fresh at the hotel)
perfection. Probably the best dumplings I've had in ages. Terrific kimchi. Near UNLV!  Off Trop @ Eastern on the northeast side, next to Baskin Robbins.
We tried Joe's today for the first time.  Overall, it was an enjoyable experience.  However, the price is too high for the quality of the product.  Honestly, I enjoy Red Lobster more, which is half the price for Joe's, and Red Lobster gives you bread.
From the \"can't give one 'eff\" attitude of the underpaid associates to the constant excuse that sodastream refills are \"on order\", just forget this dump exists and go to Target instead. What a waste of time.
You'd think you were in NYC. Great selection of deli favorites and more for breakfast lunch and dinner. I'm a fan of the New Yorker w/ pastrami. The best bagels in Phoenix area.
To this day I will never understand the hype. It's fast food junk.
Been here twice the food was great both times. Service was meh but I love the choice of getting a flatbread and a salad and its perfect in size for a meal.
I'm not really a club kind of guy. I went here with some colleagues from work, they got us a booth with bottle service. The seating was comfortable, but they get marked down for using plastic glasses and for not keeping the swarm of hookers away from us.
Love this place! I always pick up instead of eating in, but it's fresh and amazing. Always have leftovers due to their generous portions. I recommend the Chicken Tikka Masala & Saag Paneer.
Beste Qualit\u00e4t und die Preis Leistung stimmt einfach. Besser geht es nicht.
Excellent atmosphere (accordion player in the evenings) and delicious fresh, hot bread.  This restaurant is on our normal rotation.  Staff is friendly and attentive.   Have tried most of their menu and have always had a great meal.
It\"s worth it to become their member, a lot of organic and fair trade food and products (make up, soaps, shampoos, etc). A very small store but you can find almost everything you need.
Have had thai in a lot of different cities and Yupha's is one of the best. Tried the bbq chicken and the pad si ew. Both were great.\n\nTerrific service too.
I like just a bout everything in this place!! you have to try it the banana vanilla shake!!! and make sure put egg on your burger, it's amazing!!!
i went in to grab a snack at 830pm and was looking for a slice.  crust not as crispy as i would like and the cheese is pretty greasy. wish they has more selection: mushroom spinach broc.
Great food. Great service. The atmosphere is lively but a bit loud. We were seated close to an outside door, so it was cold whenever the door was frequently opened - overall 5 stars. Our server was Abby - she was great!, ask for her section :)
I was a little hesitant going in...very pleased...was in and out in an hour which included intake, met with doctor, xrays, and prescriptions...$30 co-pay...not bad...
Terrible experience and service! If you order food during happy hour, check the pricing! The waitress wouldn't correct her mistake and kept on giving excuses. Not cool....
Got a small $3 coffee to go. $3 coffee tastes the same as $1 coffee. \n\nMIGHT come back for food.
Very pricey and lunch took a whole hour (I was late getting back to work and I work across the street). \n\nThe food was good and the service was pleasant, but still don't see how a quesadilla 1) costs $15 and 2) takes 40 minutes to cook.
This place is just not good. Not exactly sure what they are serving. The pad thai was nothing in common to other thai restaurants I have been to. At the very least pad thai should be predictable. Very disappointed. I would only go back if they did thai me up.
Awesome people who run and work for this business, booked this trip by chance outside Treasure Island on the strip. Check there website out great !
Very ordinary. Very. Very. Very. Blackboard and chalk. Over priced wine. Plain French food. Try something else if you're trying to impress someone. If you go here... You might not get a second date;)
The breakfast items are a little bland, i.e. bagel sandwiches and breakfast burritos. This place is always busy though, so I assume the rest of the items on the menu are really good. Staff is nice, if a little slow sometimes.
This place was good. I had a Super Vegetarian Burrito with potatoes and it was good. Could've had a bit more beans, but that's ok, Since a Vegetarian Burrito didn't normally come with potatoes. Burrito was $4.37. Good cheap eats. I'd return for sure.
Their pizza is great. I lived in NYC and have also spent a good amount of time in Italy. I feel I can be the judge of a damn good pizza now.
only been there during day time. Went once with the whole class for a research on tasting shots. But the place look dead . Maybe its better during weekend night
The spicy tofu soup was okay. The sides were great. The fresh noodle soup was bland. Service was nice.
Great food, but service is slow. I have been a few times because the food is really good, and you can get breakfast until 2pm.
Always a great workout! The atmosphere is motivating and there is always a variety of what's going on! You can't go wrong with a primal or boxing class!
This is definitely the best place to get pierced in all of AZ. The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. They give you all of the information you need to make an informed decision and are also helpful if something goes wrong with your piercing. Kat in particular has been extremely helpful to me but no matter who you see you will be in good hands.
Brought 5 girls, black dude at the entrance said 20$ tip ( why the fuck i needa tip you? ) plus 30$ for me and all girls free. We go down and the old fuck says 30$ a person, nobody was even in the club. Be prepared to spend 30$ a person. Spend my money elsewhere!
Don't get me wrong, this place is tasty, but goodness sakes, did I seriously just pay that much for a hot dog that tastes like the $1.50 ones at Costco down the way?
Loved this place! Went back twice. Enjoyed one of the best salads I have ever had, incredibly fresh and inventive. Excellent atmosphere, beautiful venue, outdoor seating.
One hour till closing and the teenagers they have running this place are shutting down the line and leaving the nastiest looking food on display --- and 8 customers walked in expecting something professional.\nI'm heading over to Signal Butte next time.
Just went back last night here and got a medium pizza for $5. Person working late last night was very friendly and the lady who took my order was very polite.
Tonight I heard they were holding a Seahawks Pepper alley, and I was told that they would not be holding a Cardinals pep rally the same. Why would I as in Arizona resident ever want to go here?
Staff makes me give it 2 stars... counter girl: not very relaxed nor friendly, like dealing with a quick-serve surgeon.  Cold sub girl: like she was strolling threw the park, take your time, relax, I'll still be here in an hour.
The bbq was pretty good but not outstanding. Maybe it's just the cooking style, but they could've rendered the fat down a lot more.
Very pleasant experience. Great service, live music on the patio, beautiful decor. The food, although in VERY small portions, was delectable and unique. \n\nThis is a great for a date night or special occasion.
Needs a little TLC. Nino's has been here a while. Still good pizza & wings but A/C isn't great when you're trying to beat the Az heat. Closed on Sundays!!! Probably a big mistake on their part. Not normally my go to pizza place because I often forget about it.
For a 100 bucks a night you cant beat it(the prices will vary).
Nothing beats landing in Vegas on a Friday night!
My husband and I and our 2 year old son went last Friday.  The food and service were great! I wrote a blog post about it if you want to read more details:  http://crayonsanddrywall.com/2014/09/18/the-library-restaurant-review/
Ate at the one in Chandler...meh!\n\nFood was ok, but nothing special. \n\nNot sure what all the hype is about.\n\nI liked the cookie though.
Accommodated me checking early at 8am. All suites in this hotel. Mine included 2 queen beds, living room, dining room, personal printer copier scanner, and a tv in the bathroom. Very nice place with lots of shopping, dining, and entertainment attached to hotel.
Priced high but lots of fun. Unique atmosphere!
Been there twice and both times the place had been packed. The pizza was pretty good, the wings and salad are not bad at all. My favorite thing was the low price though! Overall it's a good place to get some cheap pizza and wings.
A healthy Alternative, food is OK have some good selection of sustainable foods more of run of the mill kind of American Foods.
food was ok.  cuervo margarita no good, didnt taste any tequila, all sugar.
Food is fine, service sucks. So.. 3 stars it is. Everyone says the pizza is sooo amazing, but it's so not. There are much better places in the valley for really great pizza. The food isn't awful or anything, but it is pretty forgettable.
What else can be said that hasn't been said?  If you're an adrenaline junkie like me, you'll dig it.  \nScenery is intense.  GO!
I can't comment on the teas or boba but the self serve yogurt tasted artificial and out of the box. There wasn't anything special about it is an easy way to put it. Three machines were out of order.
Decent. The food looks good, though the menu is littered with fried food items and various poutines. Our server was quite courteous (though a bit confusing). Screens everywhere, but it's a sports bar and should be expected. It can and does get very loud. The drinks are pretty good.
I love Lenny's burgers! They are always speedy and have great burgers! Fantastic place to have lunch during work.
This is a great sports bar. Super comfortable booths, easy access to watching TV. Very good food. We had the chicken soup, burgers, appetizers and a grilled ham sandwich. Everything was great, very good service too. Will definitely be going back.
I had never been to Port of Subs before but it's really good. They serve big sandwiches with fresh and good quality ingredients. Their subs are a bit pricey though, so I wait until they have deals on their subs for a small discount. It's a nice convenient location
2nd time here. Taking dinner home. Again, decent prices and good food. Terrible dining facility. It would be nicer to eat in a school cafeteria. It is difficult to understand the girl behind the counter. She has a very heavy accent. Check out then menu online and know what you want before you come in.
Food is average. The hours are ridiculous! Its always closed????
first time there in the past year.  used a gift card i got because of poor service last time.  guess what... super slow service again.  good food, but it took so long to come that we filled up on chips.  if it wasn't for the slow service i'd give it 4 stars
Ripped me off for an expensive front hood bra they put on my Mercedes, lots of promises to fix it but they managed to NOT get it done.  Their $ 600 + service actually ruins the new paint and hood work that was done.  Wouldn't let them tint my dog house.
7/1/13 My wife and I biked downtown.  If you want a great view of lake Monona then check out Paisan's patio.  It's all about the view!  The pizza, salad, and garlic bread were okay.  I'd suggest steering clear of their sponge tiramisu.
This is the place to go for Omakase! My hats off to the chef and his amazing selection . You will not be disappointed.
This Harbor Freight is the best of all of them. right around the corner from my house however it also it's much cleaner than her friends and the people that work there don't look like the kind of scum that shops there
Average decent 24hr restaurant that opens. Great place for Mandalay guests that are staying there to grab bites after the club. But I have to say its great they open 24hrs with good to large portions just that they need to lighten up with the salt.
While the food is pretty good, the service has become increasingly horrible. I placed a to-go phone order and the girl taking my order, April, was very short and rude. She treated me like I was inconveniencing her by placing a phone order. I'm very disappointed as this restaurant used to be one of my faves.
Huevos rancheros! New favorite restaurant!
The happy hour deals at the bar were the best way to go.  Overall neat place but there are plenty of neat places in vegas.
Super good and very fresh tasting. I had one of the best Pannini's I have ever had here. Also the chai latte is amazing. Very casual atmosphere
Service was good and provided wonderful recommendations. My wife and I were able to take all the time we needed to place our order then to eat. I didn't feel rushed out the door which made it a pleasant experience where we could relax have some good food and some drinks.
Great Sushi! The Candy Cane Roll & Kiss of Fire are awesome if you like spicy. Just a block from Sushi Fever and just as good.
Finally a great pizza place! I moved from NYC and have been searching from a pizza place for two years now! You have to try the calamari delicious. My husband and I were so impressed we had to compliment the owner and found out it was a family business. The owner is super friendly and originally from NYC! Love it!
Cute, cozy restaurant in downtown Phoenix. Nice alternative to waiting hours to get into Pizzeria Bianco. The pizza here was delicious, with yummy varieties to choose from. I haven't tried the regular italian food on the menu, but I've heard it's good as well.
It wasn't to bad for a fast food place. I had the asada nachos. It was so filling I couldn't finish it all.  I feel it needed more than the sour cream, and guacamole it needed lettuce and tomatoes kinda to plain for my taste.
What a fun time.  You should bring your family to see it as well.  Kyle is very sincere in his performing and it shows.
Definitely would not recommend this service for locating apartments.  If they realize they won't make any money off you, they'll drop you like a bad habit.  No returned calls...no email responses other than they'd say they'd get back to you later.  Best suggestion...just rent a house.
Expensive but worth it. Great food. Sunday is happy hour all day.\n\nIf you're looking for a cold desert afterwards, in the same shopping center is \"Bahama Bucks\". it's worth the 1 minute walk :)
Amazing pizza that's not so much of a secret anymore. The only problem is its not on any of the Cosmo maps. Head to the 3fl and look for the hallway full of vinyls.
Pizza and wings are pretty good although a little over-priced.  Salad not so good.  Nice atmosphere and good service.
Took the family to Body Worlds today. All I can say is.... Get there early .... lots of attendees ... very crowded. Very educational ... wonderful displays. Highly recommend getting the audio tour.
Solid Mexican food, good drinks, nice location
Comfort food, big portions nothing special.
Sooooooooo slow. Open tables all over the place but still waited 35 minutes to be seated. Once seated waited a long time for waiter to even check if we wanted water.  Food was good but not worth the wait. Hate to see how this place runs when all the tables are taken
This is a pretty nice studio.  They just recently replaced their carpet...so it wasnt as smelly as the first day i walked in there...\nand the desk workers were nice.
Never bad...consistent
Best place for breakfast..love all there pancakes. Most try the oreo cookies and cream pancakes. Very fast and lovely service..this is a most stop for breakfast.
I had diarrhea for six hours.  Ruined my Friday night in Vegas.
SOOOOOO yummy! All I really have to say is GO TASTE these yummy donuts!
friendly but slow service...very dirty furniture, surfaces and fixtures, and food that is just so-so
dislike the area of the lower floor food court, very slippery. the ride was amazing! kinda sad they dont have that many rides. i love the $5 min roulette
Great little nano-brewery close to home with hand crafted beers.  Attention to detail is obvious and delivers high quality beers.  Can't wait to go back to try more!
I've been here several times only because it is close to my home. The food there is really just ok. Go somewhere else if you are looking for very good fish.
Food was just ok.  Burgers and hot dogs are nothing to rave about.   Price ok.  Very clean and very friendly.
Could not be worse at every location. The food is disgusting. My 12 year old son said it all  \" the Spaghetti and Meatballs tastes just like Chef Boy-Ar-Dee.\"
I just recently had the pleasure of meeting the owner, Austen. I found him by accident but I can tell he is a man of quality and integrity. I have entrusted him with repairing a 6 piece leather sectional. I am looking forward to posting about the excellent work that he does!  :)
Was in town for Dodgers spring training and found this place on Yelp. This place was really good. Fresh salad, awesome zucchini and delicious pizza! Service was good and I will definitely eat here next time I'm in town.
I love this wine shop. It's in the 7th Street Market and it's perfect. The owner knows his wine and will go out of his way to help you find a brand you been searching for. It's all a Greek pardise. If you want to learn about wine and talk comics book. Go to the Sorting Table.
A wallmart is a wallmart just this one is one of thoes messier and less orginized ones.
Upgraded me to a convertible.  Great counter staff.  Short line.  Good price.  Wow, and only ten feet from those so and so's from Fox.
What can I say, I HATE Chase.  They care about no one but themselves.  I only stopped as this is the bank that the account is based from.  Since I have no choice in this matter I use Chase, but for my personal banking, I'll stay as far away from Chase as I can.
We found this place back in early May, posted a picture & some business information on yelp and look how quickly this took off! This place isn't gourmet, but it definitely hits the spot! Thanks for opening a really good Indian place in the neighborhood.
I love the idea. Yes I've had better but the staff was super friendly.  Not annoying friendly, actual friendly.  I liked the rice, hummus, and sauces. Chicken was ok. I might try something else but I will come back.
Poor customer service called to talk to owner about what happened for Christmas dinner. He told me they decided on Christmas Eve to close and lost my number. I call bullshit
Great food and very reasonable prices.   Really enjoy the sandwich and big orders of tasty fries.
Went May 17 in the evening. Must pay to valet car. Pizza was expensive and burned. The icing on the cake was when we asked for some Parmesan cheese and the waitress said it would cost extra. Omg,,,go to Cibo or Federal .
We've ordered from Nan Jing many times, my grandmother loves it. It's a little too bland for my taste. Nothing bad to say...just nothing Simi exciting to add about the food either.
Out of business as of June 3, 2011!  When I called to make a reservation to use my Groupon, which does not expire until June 21, I was told that the restaurant was shut down for renovation for the rest of the summer, and that the Groupon would not be honored when they reopen.  These people are thieves.
Best liquor store in Vegas..Nick hooked us up. Best spot ever, very close to the MGM. Very professional, I will be back. Me and my boys were looking for a place to go, and it was right across the street
I overheard it was closed until December. We didn't even bother trying to make our way into the buffet. I'm glad I didn't after reading the reviews. Very sad I didn't get the vegas buffet experience but if this was in comparison to hometown buffet I'll gladly pass...
These hot dogs have nothing on Mojo's Famous Hot Dogs on Statesville Rd. And they have a Hot Dog Cart.
Excellent food and great that they can accommodate large parties the fries are so good you have to eat them all.
After Boxing class this morning (Shhhhh!) I stopped in for a donut (Really, just the one, Dear!) and loved the customer service I received. Donut was delicious, I think.. I ate is so quickly I don't remember! :)
First time there - flyin' solo and immediately felt welcome.  Seating could be more comfortable or I could be younger.  Delicious soup and sandwich with a Harp and loved the ice cream sandwich with Baileys. Server was great.  Will go again-patio looked interesting come cooler weather.
Definitely my favorite restaurant in Charlotte by he Jamaican Jerk wings are the best!  Great atmosphere
A GREAT value for your money IF you get the rennovated rooms in tower 2.\nHowever, the casino and the buffet are pretty disappointing. My advice is to get your room here and expect to party elsewhere.
Cheap but clean hotel in Downtown Las Vegas. Rooms are basic but well renovated. Parking is free but can be an issue on the weekend and in that case you'll have to rely on the valet (free also). Recommended if you want the downtown Las Vegas experience (and you should try it for sure).
Great flavors all very luxurious and natural.\nToppings galore! All you can imagine\n\nReggae music, pet friendly, chilled out and great service
Brought my car in because my AC wasn't working and it sounded like my compressor was dead. \nWent in at 9:00am on a Sunday morning and was told that the car would be ready by end of day. Car wasn't done until 9:00pm Monday night.
Food and atmosphere was decent. You pay a premium for the name and the location though.
They did not mind that my ID was expired while I was losing...as soon as I win, they take the winning and say I can't play then kick me out the floor... Wtf.
First time coming here and they really do have Great customer service the guys that work here are super nice and inviting! Came here for date night with my hubby and had fun. Purchase the Groupon they had and it was well worth the purchase.
Coffee so good, my mother ships it to me out of state. Seriously, phenomenal.
Gabe is great and the only person i trust to handle all of my personal and business insurance needs!
Korean BBQ is too salty and tough, Sushi hmmm if you guys don't know how to make sushi don't make them at all.
Place was awesome.\n\nDelirium on tap.\n\nHot dogs with mac n cheese on them.
One if my favorite local spots - great food, great service, at a great price. I had the homemade fried chicken, Mac and cheese, and corn. All were delicious!
Not impressed had the calzone and it was burnt to a crisp on outside all fillings cold on inside. Just go to food court you will have better food lol
Staff is unhelpful, they acted like I was an inconvenience to them.  The fax machine erred and I had to fight to have my price adjusted to the correct amount.
Always packed to the walls on the weekends so plan accordingly. As usual, no gourmet pizza here of course but I still love coming here because they make a super tasty pizza! It reminds me of my childhood.
I swear the baklava gets better and better. Every time I go... its better. Greek salad... I am addicted!
If you are looking for a nice room I would not recommend the Roman Tower, the room was outdated and needs update ASAP.  Of all the hotels I stayed during my trip in Vegas only Caesars Palace still uses tube TV.
The service was a little slow but the friendly service made up for it. The food was good (I got a kebab combo plate) and the servings generous. I don't remember but I don't think they have beer or wine though.
Much better steakhouses elsewhere!
Disappointed  if your sharing it's an extra $3.00 bucks when dining in.
Food is just average and a bit over priced.  Not up to the Fox standards I have come to expect.
Worst overpriced tapas I've ever had. The shrimp was delicious, although everything else was average to sub-par.
Great food all around. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner....always delicious! The wait staff is super friendly and accommodating.\n\nDefinitely a place to return to.
in & out.\ngreat price, cheap burger, fast service, made to order, animal style, etc. Close to the strip and its really good!
Not a bad location within the Venetian/Palazzo Hotel, but that's pretty much it. \n\nWasn't a fan of the overpriced food and the OK eating experience. \n\nThere are better locations to dine IMO.
Unfortunately, they are out of business.  Looks like they closed their doors only a few days ago.  I have eaten there twice and it was very good. Don;t know why they closed but they had a Thank You banner posted for their customers.  \nToo bad.
One of the best buffet, will comeback for the dessert table, oxtail soup, lamb chop.\n\nHaven't tried the dinner buffet yet, but I believe it will be great.\n\nDon't forget drink as much as root beer as possible there.  Free float.
Good, fresh fish. Sat at the bar and received decent service as the sushi chef made eye contact often to see if we needed anything else. Deducted a star for the hair found in my ginger toward the end of my meal.
Found what I needed by browsing around, though there were plenty of employees I could have asked. Maybe because it's Christmas Eve? Good prices and item was in stock.
Another great place for lunch on the east side. It doesn't get much better than cheeseburgers and fries.  You can get it anyway you like it and the staff is very friendly
Not bad for a tiny neighborhood pizza place. Not great either. The pizza crust was crunchy and perfectly cooked. The ingredients on our pepperoni and mushroom were just ok, not top shelf ingredients. The chicken wings were surprisingly good.
I decided to give them a try as they seem to be a new company.  I should have saved my money and called someone else.  Lots was missed including a spill on the counter, counters not even wiped down, and no attention to detail.\n\nWill not use them again and not recommend them to anyone
Went in for lunch today.  The restaurant is cute and the pizza was very good.  the wine list looked comprehensive and the serve Stella Artois!  What can I say!  I love cold beer and Pizza!
Love this place!!! They burst my sushi cherry and I've been addicted ever since! The screaming orgasm is amazing and the green tea tempura ice cream is great!!!
Doctor Capobianco & his staff are amazing, & service is excellent. They are always accommodating, & they go above and beyond for their patients!
We love this place! The food is great, the prices are good and the service is awesome! Shaheen has been our waiter twice. He knows what we drink and has it at our table almost before we sit, very attentive.
Yeah I really don't get it. I've tried it twice so far but each time I am unmoved and longing to be eating something else. I'll still take friends here because it is a Pittsburgh fav, but other than that..no thanks.
I thought it was a good place for lunch. Would appreciate more selections.
I had a really bad experience back home with buffalo wild wings but we decide to give it another shot. Nachos were good the wings were ok they were a little dry for my taste. so compare to my back home experience I will say this is a better spot. One thing is for sure Sunday football this place is crazy crowed.
Carina has been doing my nails for over a year now. Always does a great job. Staff is friendly and spa is super clean.
I stopped by with some teammates, a while back, after a hockey game.  I got a honey mustard chicken sandwhich thing and horrible food poisoning.\n\nIf it weren't for the horrible gastrointestinal distress it would have been about 3 stars.
It's old country buffet, what do you expect?  Lots of different stuff to choose from, and definitely caters to those who want to eat themselves into bland oblivion.  If you go here looking for exotic, flavorful, unusual cuisine skillfully prepared by a fantastic chef you must be well deluded.
It is a bare bones store with tables and walls filled with beef jerky, dried fruit, candies, Japanese arare(rice crackers), nuts, seeds, chocolate and mui.\nAn Asian and non asian snack food mecca.
Zero stars for this one please... We wasted our money for a salty place. I mean the sushi is not fresh and everything else taste like it's not newly cooked. I'm sorry Luxor. Your hotel is nice, service is good but you need to work on your food. Nasty!
Four of us from Level Green, Pa had dinner at the Blue Dust this evening.  We were pleased with the sandwich menu and enjoyed the mushroom appetizers.  Mystery beer brew special was outstanding!\nDownside was the wine pricing----in a nutshell the wine @$9/glass is about 50 per cent too high!
I've ordered here for take out a couple times and it's not bad.  It's average, relatively inexpensive  Americanized semi greasy Chinese food.  I'd give them another star if they delivered!
Maybe the best pizza delivery place in the NDG/Westmount area. They have fancier pizzas but even their plain cheese is delicious.
Glad to c another restaurant with some raw food options.  Would be nice if they had some fresh pressed green juices and some raw salad options.
Come to this store with a lot of pacience. The staff is friendly but the place is always crowded. I hate going to T-mobile stores. Makes me waste 30-35 min every time I go.
I went to this place at 7pm. And most of the food was cold or warm some hot fresh food. That was good but not for 10.75.  The only thing was great was the ice cram.
Just grand opening.  Many favorite ice cream, boba tea. No need to go far to Chinatown.  Support the local!
Dead center strip locale. Affordable rooms for broke college students. Above average accommodations for price range. Overall decent party hotel.
The food was okay at best.  Service was not very good.  The only gluten free option was a pizza.
The pad thai was a disappointment.  But the pad see eww, I don't think that's the right spelling, was really good but medium spicy is only for the brave lol. It was so hot, but really good.  The spring rolls were not the greatest but the sweet sauce was amazing.
The view was great. Not a huge selection on menu. Food was just okay, nothing to rave about.
Cafe Zojo is always a nice treat. Great staff, nice atmosphere and awesome coffee. One of my favorites.
Looove this place! Got a full set and pedicure on seperate occasions and both were amazing and inexpensive as well. Staff is very friendly which is a total plus! Definitely is going to be my nail place from here on out!
New favorite Vegas hotel!  The hotel is always bustling, never a dull moment.  Love the restaurants inside the hotel.
Lots of different choices of flavors and a huge amount of toppings and sauces. The staff was super friendly. There was not much seating inside so luckily when we visited it was dark outside so we were able to sit outside without being uncomfortable from the heat.
Their Jalapena & Carmel Kettle Corn is \"off the charts\". Catch Diana for the best service in Scottsdale. Make the effort to find them on the third floor, by Nordstrom's. More locations around the Valley will be opening in 2013. A FUN, TASTY afternoon treat !!
So glad I went with Arizona's Best Windows!  I ordered a sliding patio door and two windows from them and it was $800 less than the other estimate I got. They installed them a week after they ordered and did such a great job. Easy install and nice clean up after.  Recommend them!
Love it all the time.....the lunch specials are great.  Love the house dressing.    Great service, and quirky \"specials\".
Convenient and close to home! Great customer service. Receive a discount for writing a review...awesome! Great price and great stylists
I said I would re review this place... I would recommend this place! The food was delicious but it's not an inexpensive lunch
Heard about this place from a guy who works at Schwartz's. I'm Chinese and visiting from Vancouver. Gotta say the All Dressed is legit!
Love Fuzzy's!  I always get the chicken nachos w/ feta, garlic sauce, white queso and it's super yummy!  Prices are reasonable and they now deliver!  Great place for take out, eat in, drinks, etc.  Go for Taco Tuesdays as well!
this place is like a lost mazed, even the employees don't know where they put their stuff. Target is much better place to shop
If you like plastic plates and forks, stryrofoam cups and ordering at a counter, you may like SomeBurros.\n\nBasic Mexican food you can find on any corner.   Don't go expecting more.
I agree. They are very very slow. I went there one time and I shall not return. I waited in line for about 20 minutes, and this was the drive thru. Not sure what the problem was, but it needs to be rectified.
Great french pressed coffee. Artwork is nice. Space is comfortable and intimate. Cupcakes are Amazeballs good. Red Velvet is awesome. Cream Cheese taste like you are eating some great cheesecake  ontop of moist delicious red velvet cake.
I really loved the griffin! Great locals pub with a nice selection of beer on tap and the waitress made me a delicious bloody mary :)
- Small venue\n- Bad music\n- Not a great crowd either\n\nNot coming back
Good for 1-3 year olds. They need bigger place though. Brought our old year old, she is having fun. Will definitely come back.
Best Shrimp & grits on the planet!\nGrits have Gouda cheese. Shrimp are blackened and so juicy!\nService was very good.\nI will 100% return.\n\nIf I was at home, I would have licked the bowl clean!
Horrible service. Not enough dinner ware. Waited forever food and service. Prices are insane. Biggest gripe: Didn't even get my cocktail. Disappointment!
Terrible experience. What was the point of making a reservation if we still had to stand in a cattle call cluster fuck and tip some host to get seated? Insanely overpriced for the quality of the show. Save your money.
Prices are reasonable, but the place is dirty. Better than the other one on 15th which looks dangerous.
My love for this place just keeps going up!\n\nAgain, mouthwash in little cups for me waiting in the restrooms...sigh...lovely!\n\nAmazing restaurant selections and everywhere, yes everywhere, in this place is CLEAN!!!!
I love this place so much. Delicious and fun to be at.
A decent steak in a location that is in dire need of an update.  Also, a nice and denser then average creme brulee.
MSG headache. We did not order right for sure.
Passable food but it's pretty greasy. Matzo ball soup quite good, by that's  hard to mess up.  Good for one of two visits a year.
Food ok. Service below par. \nIt seems bit amateurish, and would not suffer from some more experienced staff and management
Pretty nice hotel known for their Miracle Mile shops :) Didn't stay at the hotel but did check out their shops.
Yeah for mediocrity! \n\nThis is your average Marriott hotel; there is nothing wrong, but nothing just right with the Marriott SP. Quite frankly, it's just another nondescript hotel for a comfortable night's rest during business travel.
This place is a joke! Margaritas - BLAH! No alcohol in them. Chips/Salsa - BLAH! We complained to the waitress and she just blew us off. We didn't even order a meal...we just left. I will never go there again. What a waste of money!
Got the durian boba smoothie and it was pretty good. Will go back.
BEST pork skewers...BUT 1. Whats with the lettuce? All it does is make whatever I ordered taste like lettuce. And 2. Please do something about those flies buzzing about indoors. Its the reason I prefer to go when I order there
Not sure why I am defending a place that is closed but once upon a time, when Ralph still owned the joint, it was a good place to eat then they sold it to Long Wong's and it went right into the dumper. Oh well I still have some fond memories of the place.
Great small place with big flavors, love the rat pack playing at times. But the location is quite peculiar, it's behind a Safeway. Other than that check it out a try a calzone or one if their garlic knots!
The tools are cheap but sometimes that's all you need. The people here are nice and fairly helpful. I would go back.
This Bridge crosses the Monongahela River near Station Square. It's Pittsburgh's oldest bridge.
so bad. worst service ive ever had. wont try this ever! the pork dumpling is not bad though
Wow! What a wonderful little place located a few miles off the strip. This was by FAR the best and most enjoyable meal of our entire trip. Thanks to Ken for recommending this little gem. Only wish we would have discovered it earlier.
This store is closed.  :(  So disappointed!!!
Very slow service.  Been here 30+ minutes and my car still hasn't come thru the wash part yet.  No one seems to know why things are taking so long.
Simply amazing, from ambiance to service, even a stunning wine list. I mean the prices they charge is amazing. Great wines that won't break the bank. I am still getting used to the small plate Thai concept, but after eating here I am convinced this is a top restaurant in Las Vegas.
I hired A Wise Move twice in the past three years.  When I sold my home and when I was remodeling. The price is reasonable under $300 for a 3 bedroom house and $85 to deliver all the material for wood floors.  They are prompt, fast, clean, helpful and very careful with my things.
The Windmill Library is Awesome!!! Great place to take your kids to get interested in reading. Free internet too.
Ate here several months ago and thought the food was just OK. Granted, I do not need to eat a lot of food, but I thought the portion sizes were too small. Much better Chinese restaurants in the immediate area. Maybe on a second visit my experience would be better.
Southern Charm special roll is none too shabby.
This is a hidden gem in Mesa.  It was one of the best Thai restaurants I've ever eat at in my life.  Not only was the food excellent, but the service was superb.  We were able to get the flat noodles and also a rice dish.  I cannot wait to go back.
Choose a different cab company. They add $3 automatically when you use a credit card. Classy. The cab also dropped me and my four bags off 50 ft. from the curb because it was more convenient for him than pulling up to the curb and risking getting blocked in.
I love this theater.  It is always clean, it has a good variety of movies and show times, and the snack bar is great.
Really great Pizza and Wings! Don't waste your money on the trashy chains. Try these guys, their local and they use fresh and real ingredients.
Great place for the best Tea/Boba/Smoothies/Desserts !!!!!
food + service = excellence
I wish I checked yelp before coming here.
The food is some of the best mexican anywhere.  The staff is alsways wonderfal and efficient!  The atmosphere is charming.\n\nIt's close to our house so we go ther often and feel like family!  It's always our first choice!
Wonderful brunch. The food and service was great. The waiters were very friendly and the food wasn't too pricey. Really a great option for brunch.
Excellent food and the best service one can ask for. Local favorite that's been established in Vegas for quite a while. Try the Burrito De Carne Asada.
Spent my last night of Montreal holiday here and loved it! The band, Unkle Groove was amazing, bluesy rock. Good service. very cozy atmosphere, great for blues. I was expecting to hear straight blues music from the name and it definitely was more on the rock side, but since i like that, i wasn't upset.
Mini corn dogs were tasty! How will I ever compare after having my 1st Bloody Mary here at brunch! It was a meal in its own!
We have been eating here for 5 years and I'm sad to say the food has become greasy and the recent price increase is ridiculous.  3 dishes, no egg rolls with and only rice with 2 for $40.54 is just not good.  Also this was carry out with no drinks.
They are great.  They always take the best care of my Pokey...  I've been going to them for boarding and  grooming since they opened 4 years ago and he's always happy when I pick him up and when he's groomed he always comes home looking sharp.
My ALL-time favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte!  Fantastic atmosphere in bAr area and amazing food!  Their homemade hot sauce is a MUST!
Food was at best average.   Maybe we should have had the burgers.
This is the smaller version of Club Pure, when Club Pure is closed it's just one part of the club. It's a small room with a stage and a bar. I wouldn't waste my time there unless you can see the actual Pussycat Dolls.
Meh. While they serve a decent house margarita, their service is spotty and the food, kind of bland. I'll recommend it as a good place to go to meet someone at the huge-ass bar for chips, salsa and margaritas. That's it.
Love shopping at Macy's with the coupons they send me. I can use them for on sale items and I always get a great deal.
Since it's just become typical everywhere here in the valley, I quit complaining about prices here in town yrs ago- but if I hadn't.....  this is a very ordinary place selling pretty much very ordinary food. Their cajun turkey's probably the exception, it stands out.
LOVE this place!  GREAT service everytime!
The fried pickles were soggy and flavorless. I like a good fried Pickle, but these need work.\n  While this was their first event, I expect more from a truck called The Rusty Pickle.
If you have to pay to take a piss you already lose a star in my book.
Just fun...show up 45 minutes early!!! It is hilarious! I had no clue what is was when I went....left laughing....great show...open minded adults only, as it gets into the other side of humanity!!!!
Yum!  My favorite of any dept store restaurnt I have been too.\nGet a seat on he window and you can look out onto the strip/Wynn/Ti/Venetian.\nThe white truffle mac and cheese is superb.
The food was good. A must have is the chili verde fries. Great green chili. The downfall is the prices.  The tacos ate really mini tacos for $4 a piece. Prob won't be back due to cost.
Food was OK, service was bad,  and atmosphere was good. Server never checked on us, and we waited for awhile to order. Longer than it should take. Probably won't come back again.
Super good Pad Tha\u00ef and fairly good pho. The owner doesn't speak very good french or English and the place was very cold.
Food is awesome; fresh, delicious, and artfully displayed. However, the service is slow and erratic. Avoid Saturday nights and big groups (I did both). Also, parking is difficult.
Terrible food. Naan bread wasn't fully cooked, nor did it taste good. The beef samosas were dry and too deep fried, and the beef curry wasn't anything special. Worst Indian food I have ever had.
took my wife there on Saturday morning. it was really good not too pricey and the food was great. the biscuits and gravy was great. homemade is always good.
This is a place that exists.
Manager felt bad last time my friend and I came and offered us a drink. Nice gesture but still...
I have taken my 6 lb Yorkie here multiple times, and they always do a great job! For $40 she gets a full hair cut, nail, grind, ear cleaning, and bath! They staff is also so friendly and personal each time.
Just happened to be driving by and thought is stop for lunch. Got the Kung Pao chicken and asked them for extra spicy. Amazing!!!! So good and my mouth is on fire!!! Will definitely be coming back.
So awful. Handed in ghds to have the fuse replaced and within 2 weeks they are broken again. Also had my iPhone screen replaced, when I left the shop it was completely broken, no touch screen at all. \u00a3145 wasted. Would never ever recommend
It's quite big for a starbucks.  Right across from the university so lots of students.  It does what starbucks do.  it's good.
Reasonably priced, decently fired pizza.\nThe salads are huge too!
We got a coupon for a free pizza from this place when we moved into our house a few years ago. The pizza was really doughy and greasy. I'm not sure if this is what chicago deep-dish is supposed to be like, but i wasn't impressed.
Yum!  I came here last Friday for lunch with Sarah H and Dan H.  We ordered a couple of rolls and a sashimi plate and everything was delicious.  Even better was a we saw a sign for all day happy hour on Sundays.  We'll be back.
Fun with paint and wine, what more do you really need.
Was the very best in town know the owner asst manager needs to be replaced along with the greeter at the door who insulted wife and I after waiting over an hour. Josh refuses to take care of problem. BEWARE !!!\nCrying shame I will be starting a legal process this week.
I love the large room layout and the bathroom size! Check-in was fast an easy.  The location if the Venetian is close enough to the monorail for easy transportation and within a decent walking distance to see the Bellagio Water Show.
Just had my first taste!  Amazazing!  Totally worth every single calorie.\n\nJust sayin though, the shop was a bit hot considering it's an ice cream place....
Excellent food and price for anything you want at any time of day. If you want steak at 7:00 am. Or pancakes at 7:00 at night, it's worth the trip.
I love this place! First time there, VERY friendly service, great food, awesome prices
A little bit too bright, a little bit too pink.  But oh-so-many flavors to choose from and never crowded.  On the Promenade level of the ARIA, Sweet Chill is a decent place to be casual and get away from the noise -- as in chill.
By far, the WORST food in all of Arizona if not the Nation.\nNothing more needs to be said.\nBuyer beware.
service not great
Honestly a thumbs down on service, pricing and a thumbs way WAY down on food! Even the miso soup tasted like dirty salt water. I can only imagine they are solely surviving off being located by asu and serving booze because the sushi was a full blown FAIL!
Really good place great food and drinks at bar and really nice hostess- I would look for Brittany to assist you
The atmosphere and service were decent but the food was average and overpriced. We got a few different rolls that were so so at best. Would not go back
I've never been a big fan of L&L, especially since I've had better, but I gotta say the mochiko chicken here is pretty good. That's all I order there. Another plus, their \"mini\" plates are pretty big.
Only grabbed a slice of pizza for my son and I. Fast cheap and easy just as you'd expect for a food court. Nothing to brag about but it hit the spot.
Not great BBQ but the west side doesn't exactly have alot to choose from. I do have to say that the peach cobbler is awesome. Way too long of a wait for mediocre food. Call ahead and pick up is the best option if you want to check it out.
Sunday happy hour is so cheap! If you come here, get the seared salmon roll! I don't even care for salmon, and its amazing!
Product is fine but this may be the slowest Starbucks I've ever been to since they are in a busy area and only have one barista.
Decent place to get quick mexican food.\nBreakfast burritos are the best thing there. The rest is ok not bad but not that great either.\n\nSalsa are decent, no salsa bar.
I have to give this place another 5 stars for offering the greatest beer combination known to man:\n\n\nsammy smith oatmeal stout + strongbow.\n\n\n\noh, and the first friday dj that gave me sour times. kudos, sidebar.
I love the Rat Pack loungie feel and ambiance of the bar area. Locate right off the Capitol Square the Tornado Room has the best steak downtown. However if I had to choose my favorite steak house in Madison based on the steak itself I would go with Jim Delaney's Charcoal Steaks or Flemings.
Had the Turkey sandwich with green chile.  Really friendly family and the sandwich was excellent!  Great family place to stop!!
We came here after an Angels spring training game. The yellow banner hanging in right field at tempe stadium that read \"Dos gringos: A good place for day drinking\" was convincing enough. Good happy hour, good margarita, decent food, ok atmosphere, alright service.. Probably not a place I would visit again.
This place has great plates, ahhh gotta love the comps ;)\nlol
The all you can eat lunch is gone!  But the quality of the lunch experience isn't diminished 1 bit.
Never been to a worse Starbucks.  \nWent to the drive thru and Kim was rude and unfriendly. She was more concerned with continuing the conversation with her coworker. No sense of urgency unlike the other locations I've been to.
Nothing was good. Very disappointing. Didnt like anything I tried.
Frequent this place often. Love the half priced sushi and it is amazing sushi. Not a ton of rice wrapped around a tiny piece of fish. Philadelphia and Vegas rolls are the best. Friendly owner and staff.
italian food at its best. and the complementary antipasta salad and bread earns this place 7 stars in my mind.
Not outstanding service (pretty cold), the pastry was awful (pie). For that price I would have expected something much better....
Customer service is not good.  Am I invisible? Watched at least 4 employees completely ignore me as I looked at shoes.  Even sat down and waited patiently for someone to help me. Gave up- walked out- and as I was walking out someone asked if I needed something.
Dumplings the best you can eat!!!
Everything was perfect.
My regular place had too many customers in line. Their fault for having only one cutter working. So I came here. \nTwo cutters. I was in the chair within 10 minutes. Friendly staff.\nGood conversation during the cut.\nThe cut came out great and she made it like I like it.
I love this place normally... However our server Leslie did not care at all about customer service, she was in a hurry the whole time and the place wasn't even busy. She did not even come over to fill our drinks or even for us to ask for a napkin. Very disappointed and this will probably stop me from coming here again
this is more of a dealership more than a museum.  Nothing exciting here at all so unless you are a car fanatic or came in to actually buy a car you will most likely find this a complete waste of money.
Enjoyed the entire experience! Had an amazing server in Felicia (spelling wrong) and also had Great interaction with Alyssa! Food was very creative & great flavors. I have Celiacs and have to eat gluten free, & server was aware if any modifications I needed to make. Two thumbs up!
The burgers where flaky and tasted a little like  char the fries where decent but the shakes where like cement. Over all the purchase was thirty dollars and was NOT worth the money i wouldnt reccomend this restaurant to anyone. The workers there were over all very nice
Here it is a month later and I can still confidently say it was the best food and service  I have ever had. But I'll keep eating out and looking for other places to try in the off-chance I find something better elsewhere.
My husband and I first tried this food truck while at Urban Cookies, and now .... we log on at least weekly to see where we can follow them to. Ya, it can be a little pricey, but soooo worth it. And the luncharitas are amazing!
not good - food is below average.. I will never go back
The bbq chicken w/peanut sauce is fantastic! I tend to stick to foods at restaurants I like, so I haven't had a chance to try anything else there yet ... but I like this location.  Haven't tried any other location as of yet
Nice refills, expensive, California rolls (order two servings),  Chicken Salad was okay, Wonton Soup was flavorful. It was pretty good, but you can get better chinese food somewhere else.
Wow! Walked in with no appointment on a Saturday, only waited a few minutes, and paid $10 for a phenomenal, fast brow threading. This is my new place!! HIGHLY recommend!!!!
This restaurant closed down about a year (or more) ago.
Terrible location. Just a couple girls gossiping about their crappy relationships. Totally inattentive  and irritating. Store looked in a disarray. I WILL NOT spend my money here. They didn't even acknowledge my presence.
Food is normally good. Today they ran out of flour!!  Really?!?! And didn't even bother to tell all the people waiting in the drive-thru, just left us sitting there with no way out.
AMC is now a China owned company and unfortunately I would prefer to support something USA owned or local.   I switched Harkins which is Arizona owned.  I will give up a recliner any day to support locally owned businesses. Peace out AMC.
I have been to this location several times.  Each time the service is poor and the food is no better.  They have a great selection of beers on tap, but that is about it.
Horrible service.  And when the only requirement for most orders is applying cream cheese to bagel, not excusable.  Don't go here on a weekday if you don't want to be late for work.  Frozen, then baked bagels ok except for cornmeal on the bottom of everything.
Over rated, over priced, service is sub par, dirty bathroom, food doesn't make up for all the negatives. Been there 3 times, won't go again.
Muhammad is one hell of guy!  Best Baba Ghanooj I've had!  Told him how awesome his food is, and he made me some sort of veggie pita for free which was amazing!  Can't wait to make it back to Oakland to visit this place!
We prefer Pizza A Metro now. Tastes great and catches you way off guard. But we'll return on occasion to Slice of Sicily. They still have a fun place and solid food. They know our neighborhood, too, so if you want to keep it local, keep going to Slice of Sicily.
Total and complete dump.  Bad food and bad surroundings.  The decent servers and chefs are what make me feel bad about the rating, but I'm all about the food.
Good food every weekend!\nHighly recommend the BLT or a hamburger at the grill.  Even have ESPN on while you eat.  That's my kind of Church!
I have been a fan of Village Inn all my life. This is comfort food at its best. I always love their french toast and pancakes. At this location, the service has been pretty consistent and speedy, even when they're super busy. And everyone is generally nice.
Great place and really nice staff! The only problem is that the place is more for big dogs. Small breeds beware you will have to constantly watch your dog not to get stepped on by the bigger dogs. Maybe one day they will have an area for small dogs and I can relax and not worry about my dog .
Good coffee, nice crepes, interesting atmosphere, nothing special
Everything was superb.  Egg flour soup, pot stickers, orange chicken --all fantastic.  Great prompt service.
Good sushi but for some reason (I dunno if a new guy made ours or of they were rushed) but almost all of our rolls weren't rolled very well (tightly)...they almost all fell apart when we picked them up with our chopsticks
Disgusting job on cleaning the rooms. Dried pee stains on both of the rooms that were assigned to us. Managers did not care enough to speak to us personally about the situation.
Eh.  Not that great, but definitely not the worst in town.
The prices and serving sizes are amazing! Aside from that, the food is COMPLETELY authentic and the family who runs the restaurant are all super friendly. I highly recommend this place, I absolutely love it!
Food okay and staff is fairly attentive except for one short waitress who is always grumpy. Last time, she took my order wrong and didn't even apologize.
Service was just ok, food was good but a little too pricey.  They were really slow to get us food and check.  Would not go back.
They did fantastic work on my seats and doors for my 1976 Datsun 280Z. I sourced the parts and they put it all together. Everything came out wonderful! Family owned and run. Super friendly people. I plan on doing business with them again in the very near future.
Sushi is my best freind. And this place is my home. If you ate here you knoe whatvim talking about ..everything is delicious from the sushi to the cooked food to the wine.. the place is so exciting both location are great I like the one in ddo but its so far!
Cheaper upfront for gas than Terribles across the street after their discount
I've trier every pizza place in the area and this is By far the best place to get pizza in Scottsdale.  They use only the best ingredients on their pizza.  Also have excellent root beer.
Terrible terrible waste of time! 2 hours without food or an explanation. Don't seat us if you can't feed us! Plus the one plate that came out with a salad on it after one hour was filthy!
The pizza we had was very greasy. server was nice but I'm rating it on the food and I just can't do more than 2 stars because it was too greasy.
I found this place and it's a small place. The owner is very friendly and the staff was ready to help and pointed me in the right direction of the stuff I needed. They have a lot of different items such as vitamins and supplements. Great place I will be back
I love this place! They are always super friendly and I have never been disappointed with my nails. They are very reasonably priced! This is my favorite nail spot.
Correction, they now have hot wings that will burn your face off (if that's your intent).  Thanks for hearing me guys.  Love them!
I was a little disappointed with my spa treatment and it definitely sucked to have to leave the pool after 5 pm.!\nOtherwise the bartender at the pool bar was awesome.
I can't believe they charge for one pump of syrup at this store now. I will definitely not come back to this Starbucks.
They close at 8 but will serve the person in front of you if they know them and the doors are unlocked at 8:30. Oh, and while the place is packed and you're not the only on in live willing to pay. A+ customer service.
Had some \"Arizona pin stripes\" on my black 4Runner. Contacted Gannon Detail to see if the scratches could be buffed out. I posted the amazing pictures! The exterior looks amazing and we are so happy!
New place just opened tonight stopped in and it was awesome\nAs usual 7712 Sassaman lane  off Britten smith blvd grand opening. Having basil noodle. The best Thai food around
Rudy's is amazing there food is the best I have ever had! There customer service is top notch I highly recommend this place
Just took my son for a haircut recently. Do not go with Barb. She is very bad. I do not like my son's haircut at all.  it's uneven and too short. Other ladies are fine.
There is not enough parking.  For something so popular, the city should figure out a better parking system.  \nWe parked in the Bus lane on the right.  \nPeople are usually friendly and can take your picture, just ask!
Wasabi cream dipping sauce tho. It bumped this from a 3 to 4-star review for me. The chicken strips were good and nicely fried. the baked mac and cheese was nothing special in my opinion. I would have gotten all 3 sauces as wasabi cream.
There is too much to say...you must try it yourself!!!
My favorite place to work out in Vegas!  Great atmosphere, encouraging coaches, truly makes working out fun!! Also extremely reasonable pricing and convenient class times offered!
Good pizza, although there isn't much of a selection other than the fact that you could fully customize your own pizza. Also, the toppings were a bit pricey in my personal opinion.
I went into Transformations for a consultation & the experience was horrible. The facility is gorgeous but the people, especially Dr. Afifi, were unkind, impatient, & had very little knowledge  of the procedure I was interested in or any people skills. Do not use this clinic!
The food was okay, but I was expecting much more considering all the positive raving about it.  Has an authentic feel, but the flavors were somewhat bland.  Sorry to say, Tacos El Gordo is a better bet.
I absolutely love this place! Delicious margaritas and chicken tacos! The homemade chips and salsa are good too...it's mild, but good! It is the epitome of authentic Mexican food-tastes all homemade!
the DJ was terrible. think 90s rave somewhere in Asia. View was fantastic though.
Great store. Everyone who works there is very friendly and John is one of my favorites! I bought new tires here a few months ago and just recently stopped by to have the air in my tires check. Very fast service and you can make appointments online.
HELLO!!! Poker room is CLOSED!!!!!!!!! What crap.  Now I have to go to another casino.  Somebody update us so we don't come all the way here to go to another casino.
This was so good and cant wait to come back best orange chicken ever with chow main noodles
The food is delicious, but I thought it was a little over priced for the amount of food I received.  I had a take out order of the beef soltani and eggplant dish. For 14.99 the soltani came with a small and slender piece of kubideh and beef tenderloin.
Crispy rice awesome!\n\nThe rest was Meh/Ok.  But...i think i would come back for the Crispy Rice alone =)
Very satisfied!  Great food! Quiet!  Perfect!  New to Fountain Hills. This is the place we were looking for
Paciguo Gelato has been closed since Nov 2009 at Norterra.
So slow. So, so slow. The set-up is horrible, too. It is always a great reminder that Madison has numerous other local coffe choices.
awesome place to eat. I come here regularly on my lunch break in the service is always friendly I recommend asking them to 'mix it up' for you once your burro is done they mix it all up before wrapping it :)
Attempted to have dinner here tonight (9/9/2010) but appears they were closed.  No signs confirming, but 630pm on a Thursday and not open makes one think they are gone.  - If I find this to be in error I will remove this review/comment.  We chose to go to India Garden on Dysart instead.
Decent restaurant with plenty of fishes, seafood and chicken on menu. I dont eat pork or beef. Loved it.
food was quite good, 4 star + but expensive.  We were also seated at a table for two that should be redesignated a table for one.  Way to small for two plates, drinks and misc stuff.\n\nIf you do make it there, walk two doors down and get a gelato.   MMMMM
A must stop on our weekend cycling route.  Always packed, great coffees ( ice coffees as well) good place to watch soccer on weekends
Delicous food and age appropriate guests. Nice decore and great wine list. Stay classy, Sage.
Had the Moroccan Turkey Sandwich for lunch with the sweet potato hash. Great meal. Came back for breakfast and had the Sunrise Wrap. The ingredients looked great, however it lacked seasoning all together. Overall a solid 3.
Awesome place to start or end your night.  The staff were great and worked with our large group.  The drink menu is extensive and unique.  Every food item our group ordered was slam-packed with flavor.  Would recommend this place to all as your next night out, I will definitely visit again.
Still waiting over an hour for a ride from NLV to downtown. Already not a good experience.
This place is pretty expensive but we were starving and there was no wait. We had the Berry Me milkshake, waffle bites, chili bowl, and the BBQ nachos. We liked our food but it's not a place I would get a craving for. It's ok if we're there again.
Gemme energy! Mostly I stop here for energy drinks. Generally, they have good service.
Good food. And Taco tuesdays always a great option. Wait staff are awesome.  Will be back. Thanks Locos Patron.
Great place, best beer and whisky selection! I travel and know good finds and this was a score! Did the whisky tasting with 12 guys, Adam was great, 5 flights was enough! \n\nFinished the night winsome $$$$ rare beers! \n\nThanks!
I used to love this place, but no more. I was just treated like absolute crap by the employees and will never go back. The pizza is good, but there are plenty of other places that make good pizza and don't treat the customers like they are disposable.
The orange juice is on point, there are lots of tvs playing sports, and they have a wide selection of beer and liquor. However, their western omelette is a big plate of MEH.
Typical Olive Garden. Good but doesn't have that fresh yummy flavor I like from my italian food. Service is always great.
This is truly a great facility with your lab needs all done and results within minutes. The fact they take patients without appointments is a major plus as well
Portions are way to big and I had a dead fruit fly on my food, ill never visit again ill make sure I tell all my friends and family. Overpriced for poor food
Really rude staff/security, bad customer service, outdated, dead, and overall a dump. I won't ever visit this casino again.
I am not a fan of this gym. Do yourself a favor and open a member ship where they actually give a shit about you.
I found this little Takeout spot off of East Blvd inside Creative Loafing.I love the spiciness  and the flavors of Thai cuisine and Chef owner Tony Kwok's dishes are spot on.
If I could give zero stars I would. The staff is rude and inappropriate, they insulted our friend repeatedly and made sexual remarks that were just wrong. Tammy, the manager, is rumored to prey on young guys and treats customers who complain with disrespect. They're no good and overpriced.
I enjoyed the smoked meat sandwich (take medium) and the fact I didn't have to wait in line. The place is a little tight but has a good vibe. It lost one star for the $2 pickle and the fries which were warm and not \"hot and fresh out of the fryer\".
I got my Sonic fix, so there is a couple stars for ya.\n\nSadly our fries were VERY undercooked, I didn't get any mustard with my plain hot dog, and we didn't get any napkins.\n\nThese are fast food basics, people.
Awesome cupcakes, great decorations, and you can customize your own cake!\nThe icing is too sweet to my preference, but I will definitely come back for future reviews!
Metro came to my home as scheduled and restored my air conditioning. Rich was my Metro rep and explained everything so a layman could understand.\nI was completely satisfied. They do excellent work.\nI would use them again.
Yes I liked this place.  Kind of weird to see people bungee jumping off the building when you look out the window but ok.  The food was great.  We went with a large group because we were on a business trip.  It also took a little getting used to the rotating restaurant thing but after a couple of drinks no one really noticed anymore.
I am giving four stars, service was amazing, but the cost of the food and what you get was not that great. The hash browns not cooked enough and cold bacon didn't help the situation. Eggs and toast wee the best, I will stick with those next time.
Absolutely amazing. They redid my down stairs with 8 can lights and it looks great. Hayden was extremely fair priced and professional. The work was done with no dry wall repair needed. I will be using them for the rest of my home for sure. Hayden also added in a dimmer and made my room perfect. Highly recommend and fairly priced.
Great grilled cheese and friendly service. Couldn't ask for more. Have tried the Big Cheesy, the Pig Mac and my favorite, the Leek and Mushroom.  All three were well worth it. Comfort food on wheels!
Went for the Burger Monday happy hour a few weeks back. Honestly the burgers are huge! Next time go with a friend and split a burger...save your money for the great drink specials!
A shwarma place in Chandler...... excellent.  Food is quite tasty for a little tiny hole in the wall place.
Food great. Service horribly. Not enough staff to handle a small amount of customer. Had to wait forever for each step of the process. Be prepared to have to shave again during the meal
The waitress was very good & the food was excellent...however, I am all about the customer experience and the owner was very rude.  She needs to learn how to provide customer service.  I would never enter this restaurant again or suggest any one go because of that alone.
The food tastes like fast food. It might be good for the locals but as a traveling guest, I was not impressed. The French fries were greasy.
Not so good, I eat BBQ all over the country and this was dry bland and just flat out not good.
This dog park is just okay. Lots of room for the dogs to run and play however it seems that there are people there who do not watch their dogs thus creating some chaos. Would be better if the owners were more aware and responsible for their own animal!  My dogs seem to enjoy playing there though!
Good, honest food, at a fair price, made by cheerful folk. I've been going there for years, and am rarely disappointed.
The waitress recommended the special pizza that they had for the day that had panchetta and fig. It was AMAZING! We also had the kettle chips with vinegar. They were delicious. I would definitely go back!
Food is good. Skip the rattlesnake tho. Unless you love breading dipped in ranch dressing. Cactus fries were pretty good. \nBartenders just this side of rude. \nGimmicky cowboy schtick they never quite pull it off tho. One time stop at this place.
What a joke! If this is a technology company someone should tell your 19th century employees. Can't find accounts, shitty service. It's as if they are still in high school hanging out and we the customers are interrupting.  Go ahead blame your demise on Amazon while giving scrappy service..
Our stay was amazing! We felt like the whole place was to ourselves because of the time we went. The room was spectacular. The service was great the whole time. The only thing that I would say is that the pools needed to be cleaned a little more frequently. Overall we had a great time!
This is my new favorite spot for Indian food. I just had Shrimp Briyani  and Paneer makhani. The food was delicious. Also, the manager Emily and her staff are great and very hospital. I will be coming back here frequently with friends and family.
The jerk chicken was delicious! If your a yelp snob and only appreciate traditional American dining service than maybe this place isn't for you. If you can appreciate great food, hit this place up!
Really bad service. Doesn't see like anyone was trained or knew what was going on. Food was decent. Need a manager badly.
these guys are great - just picked up my Jeep after being fitted with  a Old Man Emu lift kit - super installation, very thorough, nice guys, highly recommended!
I would rather poke my own eye out than take my kid here again. Srsly depressing.
Burger was nothing special. After all the hype I was looking forward to this. In-n-out burgers are tastier. I had the Cheeseburger here, and a few fries. Would prob not come back unless it was the only option I had.
I write this with a heavy heart. Everything was fine. But Bed Bugs attacked me :-(. And I am no Diva but this made me sad!!!!! Anyway to sanitize beds???? Otherwise A ok.
Good flavor, good service, long wait and under done pepperonis. Gotta go to Grimaldis in Brooklyn to compare the two. Nothing special.
Beautiful courses, both the palms and the lakes courses offer any golfer a great experience, from the amateur to the advanced golfer! The lakes course is my favorite! My husband and I come here quite often, just wish they'd have better club member opportunities for Palm Valley residents, good prices can be found online, especially for twilight hours.
Maison Kam Fung has changed owners. All has changed - the staff, the food, the attitude. We have to give it up, and we used to love it and frequent it often. Looking now for a replacement!!! Any suggestions welcome. Will try Maxim on St. Laurent tonite.\n\nMona
the only thing that saves this crackhouse of a casino is it's all you can eat breakfast buffet. wonder what it'll be like once it turns into the hooter's casino?  probly just as terrible.
awesome store. friendly and knowledge owner and staff. this is where you go to find cool stuff
Love the charm of the place. I only wish they had a burger that did not taste as if it were boiled. And yes, I tried this place a couple times wanting to like it.
Great Happy Hour. Get the TACO BASKET~!\nThursday-Mexican Beer $3
Love it! I always find at least a few new things to try, parking is somewhat of a challenge, however.
My wife and I have been here multiple times and have always enjoyed.  My wife's favorites are the peach margarita and fajita burrito.  I have tried multiple items, including the Chicken Mole, and enjoyed them all.
Quality innovative products, timely service and response times, fair prices, and advice that does not feel like product pushing.  Very happy with our system and the service and advice we have received so far.  Looking forward to adding on to it in the near future.
The chicken pasta salad and chicken shawarma can't be beat, and the prices are very reasonable. Fruit & cheese plate is good, too. I miss this place and its Euro charm. XO, Pita Jungle.
Great happy hour food and good drink specials. Try the Firecracker shrimp appetizer and Huckleberry Margarita, really good!!!\nGood idea after hiking Camelback mountain....\nFriendly, pleasant staff.
I've been coming here for years.the happy hour deals are unbeatable. The service is almost always great, unless they're training a new person, because they've had their share of waitress drop outs. But the constant team is fabulous.
I think their hours are wrong they dont have them displayed outside like every other buisness... every single time I stop by here on my way to work it's closed... i work at 5: 45am they should be open by 530
way expensive like $40 a person-nothing special & they charge your credit card for a mandatory tip. Lots of better buffets on the strip.
I visited their new location in The Village (1654 rue Sainte-Catherine East) and experienced the most terrible dining ever.  S L O W service, mixed-up orders, miniscule portions, exorbitant prices.  There is no reason to ever eat here.
Found cute blue leather gloves for around $8! Otherwise, it's REALLY REALLY huge and you need a lot of patience if you plan on combing the whole thing. I didn't have patience that day, so I browsed for about a half-hour and snatched up the gloves.
Yes it is very good. Yes it is too expensive for what you get. However, if I'm in the mood for a juicy delicious burger and fries as a once and a while thing and not an everyday thing, I would much rather have the $10 burger and fries here than at applebees around the corner.
Usually have a little wait even with an appointment, but it gives the kiddo time to play with the train and pick her movie.
Excellent!!  This exhibit is not for the faint of heart.  If you have a teen interested in becoming a doctor, this would be a great start.  There is a portion of the exhibit that deals with human reproduction, more specifically the fetus and embryos.
A diner should be able to consitently make your eggs the right way,  this place just cant seem to get it right,  ITS CALLED over medium people its not that hard.  I rather frequent Liberty east or the Big view
Really good Mexican food. Great bar area and patio... This place is always crowded around dinner time (not a large establishment), but sooooooo worth the wait. \n\nI have tried several different things on the menu and I have been impressed each time.\n\nViva Los Sombreros!
Don't waste your money here! You will get much better food and service at Taco Bell across the street.
This place is awesome! Great flavor and food!
When I first came to Vegas, my husband's supervisor recommended this place and it was perfect because I was craving some chili cheese dog. I really like this place. They make one mean dog. I just wish it didn't fall apart so easy.
Everything is pre cooked and dry.. Its crazy most Filipino people are used to very cheap ingredients and they don't know quality. The food was disgusting. I've eaten at least 20 different Filipino families homes this is not even mediocre.
THIS PLACE IS CLOSED! Phone # disconnected. I called Travelzoo (as I was trying to use my Travelzoo Deal that I bought for this place before it expired and Travelzoo confirmed that the Kelly's is indeed out of business. So the restaurant apparently expired before my travelzoo deal.
Service is very slow.  Took over 15 minutes before our server ever came out
Well I came here for CES this week.  I think this is really great!  It's freaking ginormous, but they make it pretty easy to get around.  I love that the monorail comes here - we stayed at the MGM and this makes it SO EASY to get around!
this place is almost the exact same as a Chipotle chain restaurant in the US. Over all its pretty good and would give it a higher rating but a few blocks over on St-laurent you'll find \"Burrito Shop\" which is way better and less expensive
Disgusting!!!!! i saw one people at the front door who seat guests blow his nose into the corner of the resturant onto the floor while he thought nowone was looking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nwe got up and left.
Ordered the baked bacon omelette. Way too much bacon for me. Didn't finish it. Won't be ordering that again.
This post office sucks. 1 person working the counter in the morning and a line out the door. When I walked up to the teller she didnt even appologize or anything about waiting so long. Ive been here once before and same thing 1 person long line take forever.
The smoothies are ok. My husband ordered an Artisan flatbread. They gave him the wrong one and it tasted horrible. The workers seem friendly enough. We probably won't be giving our business to jamba juice again.
This dealership does not honor Mopar warranties. \nWife took Jeep Commander in for warranty battery replacement. They charged $51.50 in labor and $49 pro-rate to replace a battery that was 12 months old with a 18 month free replacement warranty. This is my last Jeep!!
Don't let the outer appearance of this place scare you away. This is NOT Las Vegas chic, but the food is great and very inexpensive. Whenever I am in Las Vegas I make it a point to visit this place at the \"rough\" end of the strip.
its as close to Philly as you can get in the desert!
Beautiful place. Hour to get our food after watching people come in-eat-and go...  Lame
Super busy Starbucks they take forever in the drive thru do I went inside and it took forever inside a few employees just standing around doing nothing while everyone else was running their butts off not very professional I will go back because it's the only one in the area
Like a steak and shake. Good fries. Mediocre oreo ice cream bar.
Specfreakintacular!\n \nDecided to try Otro for lunch. Had one of the best experiences ever!  Our server was beyond amazing. He gave great food recommendations. Very knowledgable and super polite.  The restaurant itself is beautiful. Great new neighborhood joint!
Restaurant and setting is beautiful. Margaritas are huge and tasty. They have great beers on tap including popular Mexican beers. Lastly, the food is terrific and the service is great. Highly recommend this northern Scottsdale gem.
Worst car wash I've ever had. They ended up scratching my windows, what kind of car wash does that. I regret coming here now. Don't come here.
Subway is better any day!
Loved the food, ambiance, and the friendly staff. The avgolemono soup is excellent. I had the Mousaka. Simply delicious! Nice variety of dishes from different Greek regions. Highly recommended.
Was forgotten on the smaller patio and asked to switch to mich v mich st football game and after 15 mins and asking  3 times it did not happen.
Went in today with great expectations per prior reveiws. Eh mediocre food. Chicken in taco was dry and bland. Service was so so. Won't be returning. sorry.
The pancakes where hard and the butter wasn't soft! It's ok but I wouldn't go here again...
The atmosphere is nice but everything else was subpar.  Guacamole tasted like it came out a bag, even though they claim it's made fresh. It was terrible! Gross
After waiting at the bar for ten minutes without even an acknowledgement from the bartender who was arguing with a waitress over her personal order, I walked out.  As I did, the hostess just smiled.  And it was only me and another person at the bar.  Will not go back to this location.
Music's too loud and not particularly inventive at times, potentially dangerous cracked tiles on the way downstairs to the toilets.\n\n\n On the plus side the mojitos are pretty good, staff pleasant and couches comfy.
Shaun and Shaun were an amazing service team. \nEvery bite we had from the bread service, fois gras, chowder, Wellington, rib eye, carrots, and mushrooms were perfectly seasoned. \nDessert was nothing less than AMAZING as well.
Just stopped in for something different.  What a surprise. Food is fantastic with real old world homemade recipes. Owner is a hoot!  He says his deserts are medicine. I agree don't leave without getting a dose.
I agree with Rocio. i have been waiting over 3 months to get my furniture fixed and it's transfer after transfer! They don't care to fix my things! They just care about getting paid! DO NOT BUY FROM HERE!
Love the concept of a drive thru salad joint. The thought and care that went into designing it was obvious. After a few trips though, I found that even after adding protein to my salads I just wasn't satisfied. The food is quality and the staff friendly and the menu is great.
Very basic American Standard food nothing exotic but, good. Come in Sunday mornings for the big breakfast skillet.
This place used to be good but food quality, quantity, and service has really went way down.  Went on a Saturday night and place was mostly empty. I guess others already knew what I just figured out :(
Thank you Todd #Alcatraz Lock and Key. I had called over a dozen locksmiths and none of them could cut my Key.\n\nIf you need a Bentley, Rolls Royce, Jag or other rare key made, call Todd.
Food was great and fresh and the cost is reasonable at $18.99.  Servers are friendly.
Avoid this place.  They are a scam...  They stick obnoxious flyers under the doors of hotels.  When they get into trouble, they just change their name and number to something else.
MhhHhhhh they have a sushi roll called OH MAH GOD! and LITERALLY your like OMG!!!
All of the food is medium spicy. U should ask to less spicy if u can't handle it\n\nThe place is quite n nice. The tom yung gong taste is more like spicy shrimp broth soup, not sour at all. Basil with pork meat was amazing!
Wonderful mojitos here. We got a few and walked around the shops with them after we'd spent enough time watching the gondola trips going around and around. Nice. I'd come back for drinks since the setting is so great.
Place had a large variety of items to get. Lady was rude, slow and paid no attention to others time in line while she talked on the phone. Line was longer than the line at the raging bull.
Food's always been good, the service and speed is a bit more hit and miss than I am used to even for Taco Bell.   Also not pleased with the grillers being priced above a buck now.  I liked em at 99 cents!
Bleh a knock off version of Fat Tuesdays. I love Fat Tuesdays, but we were here so I needed a drink. $21 for a foot long?! it was really icy too.... Eh thankfully I had a Fat Tuesday the day after because this place was not crackin.
I had such a great experience at the New Serenity Spa today. This was my first time there. I read a lot of positive reviews on yelp so I was really excited. Shayna was my esthetician and she was fantastic. One of the best facials I have ever gotten. Great vibe and excellent service!
Check your order before you leave the drive-thru or risk discovering only 75% of your order filled by the time you get home.
This is our second time coming here.  The guys are very friendly and always helping each other out. Very reasonable costs out the door.  I would recommend this tire shop to anyone in a hurry or just needing some basic tire stuff done.  Just off the 60 they are so easy to get to making the convenience and stress of it all worth it!!
I've shopped here before. Overpriced livestock & fish supplies. Customer service was not that great. Petco has better pricing on supplies and good selection of reasonably priced freshwater, live rock & saltwater livestock.
We really enjoyed this place.  We ate lunch here yesterday.  The Delmonico Steak Sandwich was really good, the homemade chips and the fries were also great!  My daughter had a grilled cheese and literally ate every bite.  My wife said the sweet tea was really good too.  The service was awesome.  I would definitely recommend it!
good burritos. i run across the street from work when i forget my lunch at home. very, very fast and affordable and filling for a few bucks. i like how they keep it very simple and effecient.
This place is in the popular section of Old Montreal.  We had our first Monsieur Croquette - who knew a ham and cheese sandwich could be so tasty.  We also had the smoked salmon which was very satisfying.  The service was good and attentive.  The best part is the location and the view from the patio for people watching.
Small pool, inconsistent service, overpriced under quality spa, and watch your bill for incorrect charges.\n\nI got a full set of gel acrylics at the spa. They were all peeling or broken off within 2 days.  Waste of money and time.
This place is so cool! The ambiance is delightful, the staff oh so friendly and the food INCREDIBLE! I had one of the best meals of my life here. The whitefish was flavorful and presentation was gorgeous. Highly recommend this little place and I have. Will definitely be back!
Ordered 6 over priced latex plain balloons, waited 20 min and no one even began to fill my balloons knowing that I was waiting , ended up getting a refund due to the wait . Refund took so long and no one ever even apologized for the wait or anything . Awful customer service !!
Sort of a disappointment. It was hokey-er than I expected. Not scary at all. Was hoping to experience something more interesting/intense. I found it mildly entertaining for the novelty of it. My mom HATED it. She is afraid of supernatural everything, but not this AT ALL.
Was ok. Glad we tried it. Heard lots about it but nothing to write home about. Food just normal. Nothing spectacular. Was a birthday lunch. Much better places. Just ok
Good burger and fish. Got my free Burger for my blood donation in August. Clean place with friendly staff.
The music and ambiance amazing. Very professional crowd. Yet super guy heavy. View is super nice. Also in the other tower is mix similar view just different more casual layout.
YUM!  Our 2nd trip to Vegas and we had to eat there again.  BBQ sauce is delicious.  Hickory Chicken Sandwich is awesome.
Bland, so so
Love the ambience of this dining experience. Good French food, quality service and fun! You really do feel like your in Paris! Located adjacent to the Eiffel Tower and on the Las Vegas Strip!
Great great people working here; the place is amazing and everything was perfect.\n\nGreetings from Spain!
One of my favorite places in the Southside!  All around good food! Outdoor seating and plenty of drafts.  They have awesome mild wings, the BRIKET is great (if they have any left) in the summer.\n\n+ cornhole outside when the wether is nice
The chicken caesar sandwich was very good! This is about as tasty as a gyros place can be.
Loved the atmosphere but didn't love the food. I wasn't very impressed with the Tom Yum soup here compared to places I have had this soup from. Food was a bit pricey for its location & quality. Wouldn't be my first choice to come for Thai cusine.
Super pricey, but who cares. High quality makis and nigiris. I went here for my graduation dinner with my family. Very VERY good sushi. Make sure to get the B52 and Spider Roll. So good I had to order another set of rolls for the next day.
Best place for healthy kids meals
The food at Timbers is ok but their service is lacking.  This is nearby my work so I have been here a few times and the service got worse each time.  It is a waste of money to be a patron here.
dissapoint on pricing, food didnt satisfy the spot,.2.star.for friendly staff
Great craft beers.  Try the havartti  and ham sandwich, it's awesome!
The view of downtown is great; the food? not so much -- very limited ingredients on the plate, we both ordered fish and neither dish was good enough to match the view. The fish was too tight and overcooked, and the source didn't work that well with the fish. Overall it's just fine
This  place was incredible!  For $20 I got a huge delicious prime rib with bread, side salad and baked potato.  We will definitely be going back to this place next time we are in Vegas!
Beats the hell out of climbing that hill!\n\nThis is a fun experience due to the novelty.  My friends and I took it with their three year old and we were as excited as him.  Views at the top are epic.\n\nA bit pricey at $3.50 but worth it.
2nd visit better than ever. Don't miss it. Don't eat anything that day before dinner. Take lots of people so you can try one of everything.
Not worth the money, $47.99. Lobsters were tasteless. Oysters were not fresh. Crab legs were not good, either.
Love the fried fish and lobster!!!! The soups are okay ! They're seafood dish are better !!
Do NOT go here. My oil and tire rotation (i had and appointment) took 2 hours. And they did not do the full inspection of the rest of the vehicle. The price for the oil change was $35 for a Tahoe. Just dont go. That is all.
The line is worth the wait. The name is well deserved too bc this place is certainly in the royal succession for best sandwhich in los vegas!
The food was OK tasting, too much dairy and too sweet. The biggest caveat was that everyone felt bloated after eating it. Will never go there again, better opening a can of soup and having a homemade salad.\nI did like the Italian soda shots to customize your drink.
I don't even have the words!  Don't even have an app to order if you send an update that the food is out for delivery but I have to call every 20 min wondering where it is
It's surprising to me the reviews this got. I wasn't super impressed at the flavors of each plate.  I do think the price is good for the serving sizes and it's open pretty late. There really isn't another place with this type of food around the area.
Great dining experience.  The food is good, but the service is excellent!
Food and service is always an A plus!!!!! We love coming here! Their salsa is bomb and food delicious! You have to try it :-)
Super friendly staff! They take their time with every client  and I don't ever feel jipped with their pedicure massage!
Skyler the bartender was outstanding. Should be nominated bartender of the year!!!! Great drinks and service.
Ga-ross!! I can't believe I just spent $30 here! Undercooked egg rolls, pathetic chicken lo mein and just shitty tasting food all around. I don't live anywhere near this place and I will never return.
This was my third time at the bio dome. We showed up around 12:30 on a Saturday during the labour day weekend, so the line was massive (almost an hour wait) - but it was worth it! Recommend checking it out.
i'm so sad this place closed! :(
It's a hotel and casino in Vegas. Nothing to flashy and very accommodating.What more is there to say?
Lunch portion is pretty though the selection sucks. Fantastic bubble tea. I've had most of the over rice dishes, again portions are solid and the quality is as good as anything else out there. Service is lackluster.
Very tasty donuts! Wish I had one in my hand right now.
I received a rotten chicken finger and they did not do anything about it told me its fine we just got them delivered today!!!!! NO THANK YOU SALS!!!
The music is pretty loud and overbearing; understandably part of the ambiance. The food relies heavily on the use of salt for taste.
Has been our bank branch for 20 years. Hard to get to see a personal banker so we use the B of A up the street in Raintree and 101.
Absolutely wonderful. Excellent, fresh, flavorful, healthy food. Great service. This is one the best breakfast/lunch places in the valley.
Our first find on yelp in Montreal.  THANK YOU YELP. Chicken with everything and more of what I read on ratings. Fresh slaw, killer chicken and whoever is reading this . . . get the fries - its worth every calorie!
Love this sushi joint.  Their specialty rolls are delisious specially the \"sex bomb\" and \"sex on the beach\".  Their choice of nigiris are also delicious.  Find myself coming here from time to time, sometimes it's a long wait but always worth it.
I paid $25 for my bag to fly. Wtf. Not only that I had to weigh it tag it and pit it on the conveyer. I asked if I also needed to load it on the plane.  On the other hand we were on time.
Got food poisoning. Enough said.
As a big fans of Northern Thai food, we were excited to try this place.  The food was great and they even have sticky rice.  Everyone there was friendly and service was quick.  The decor is definitely different, but the large tables actually proved useful for all the dishes we ordered.
Very pricy for the quality of food you get...definitely don't come here for the service.
Incredible customer service.  These guys bent over backwards to help me exchange a wetsuit. They even went so far as to call the owner of Desoto to make certain I had the correct size coming. You don't get that service online.
I usually love this place. It's been a great little spot of good dessert after a meal up in old town. But after doing much research and reading the other reviews, I don't think I'll be back anytime soon. The fact that multiple people have said they have encountered cockroaches at this establishment, no way Jose for me.
Excellent, lots of tv's and so many menu choices I let our waiter decide for me based on what I like ... It was delicious, friendly and clean ... Can't wait to go back ....
Do not order the French Onion soup (water chopped onions with a sprinkle of cheese on some croutons popped in the microwave)!!!  \nCool location, good beer, wait staff is typical downtown attraction type; not friendly (just going through the motions).
I love the atmosphere, they have pretty solid beer selection, and the quinoa salad was filling and delicious!
Love this place! I have been going here for years (since I'm right across the street) and everyone is always so friendly. Just went in tonight and had excellent customer service (like always) which is why I wanted to write this review. Everyone in there is amazing and friendly. True neighborhood establishment!
I love the minestrone soup and salad, what makes it even better is you can eat as much as you want without getting charged! Plus, they don't ever mind about giving you a different soup after finishing your first bowl. It lost one star because I don't like anything else from Olive Garden...
Came for happy hour and had a mixed drink and the spinach dip. The dip was really good with sliced baguette slices but the mixed drink was weaker than something from a cheap bar. I watched the pour and it was barely a second and it cost me ten bucks. Complete ripoff.
I still like this place but service is definitely S-L-O-W. Till they can pick up the pace, it's gonna continue to rate only average in my book. Too bad because they have a rather large breakfast menu, fairly priced and cooked perfectly.
They are great and CHEAP!!  Wont go anywhere else!!\n\nMust try Mike or Amy!!!
Terrible food quality. It used to be good. Now neither French nor Italian. Waiter is also clueless. Don't waste your time or money here! Giving it 2 stars for the musician and quick service. Eat here only if starving to death in Las Vegas.
The line was fast, and considering there are 2 drive-thru's, I don't know what took them so long with these other customers that reviewed this place. The food was actually pretty crappy, although the fries were good. I probably won't go there again. You truly get what you pay for.
I've had worse buffets,  but not by much.  Sanitation is suspect. Recommend just going to a buffet in one of the better casinos like Bellagio for the same price.
This was a surprisingly great find - the menu had plent of options, the service was outstanding with wonderful recommendations (definitely trust the waitress), and from appetizer to dessert, just a wonderful experience.
I entered the post office around noon and there was a long line already. So , I waited and soon found out that there was no ac or maybe it was on low.  Anyway, I was sweating as it took me 25 minutes to get to my turn.  The workers were super slow . I will not use this place again.
This place is a joke.  Too small.  Bad music.  Drinks suck.  Waste of time and money.  Don't get conned by the promoters outside Planet Hollywood.  I wish i had read all these horrible reviews before i went inside.  They are all true.
Not so fun bike shop, its big in space but dont have that much to choose from. And pretty boring brands.\n\nWebb shop has bad customer service.\n\nIn Edinburgh look at Ronde bike outfitters or alpine bike shop as alterntive.
Excellent quality and excellent customer service. Wow!!  I will return.
Food is ok but the iPad menu/ordering process is odd and slow. Trying to force the use of technology when it's not needed. \n\nSmoothie is very good.
This place is garbage, ordered two drinks (double shot gin and sodas) and this joker gave us soda water with a lime. Spend your $25 someplace else in this airport! Waste of time.
Ripoff prices, poor service with mistakes, only two fresh fish, sadly I must report Red Lobster has dropped from four stars in past to one star now.  \n\nWayne Gorsek
Indifferent poor service. Very bad fish and chips. High prices. The only thing passable was the Henry salad. There are better places.
Avoid. It reminds me of a Hometown Buffet chain. The food is plentiful as is the selection, and some of the items are good. But the it comes off as a cheap cafeteria. It looks old and run down, and some of the food looks like its been sitting there forever.
Come hungry. Best sandwiches
Harris grill is lively, unpretentious, and has good food. Its patio is a great place to linger on a warm evening, and the bar and restaurant are good places for cheap food on colder winter nights.
Great pancakes good fast service.
The fuel reward network doesn't work at this store. Store has been notified several times to correct the system. They refuse to fix the problem. Reported problem to the fuel rewards network, hoping they can correct this shady problem.
Got seated in a flash! Our server Michael was super nice, everything came to our table hot from the kitchen. Food was perfect! Good job guys!
Out of town good service nice and friendly dont try to upsell everything like other places.  Good suggestions thats all. thank u will be back when on vacation again.
Blah. I was just unimpressed, even worse, I did not really like the food, even left it unfinished. The staff was very nice, and it probably would have gotten one star if not for that. Maybe I went on an off day, regardless I will not be going back.
I LOVE this place. The spring rolls and BBQ sushi are so good. I crave them all the time. My only wish was that the location was closer to the center of the city and not all the way in South Park (Metropolitan would be a good choice, hint hint). Oh well, still worth the drive!
From detroit.\nLived in vegas 7 years\nBrings back my taste buds memory.\nAlways a good reminder.\nLove that place.\nThank god for ds
1.50 excellent micro brew, 24 food and pizza spot, cheap gambling, strong drinks, what more could u ask for?
Food is good, loved the jerked chicken, but the service is bad, bad, bad.  I have been to OB four times.  The first time the cook waited on us and the service was great.  The next three times, not so good.  The feeling that they give is that they could care less that you came in or if you come back.
Had to stop going to this location because they always got my order wrong. Not only that the drink I do get on a regular bases tastes bad, I dont know what they do it. Now I avoid this location and just walk into theTarget Starbucks
I'll keep this simple...you want decent Mexican food at a reasonable price the \"Casa\" has it....try it once and you will return.
Good food but really stingy portions for the price- 3+ dollars for a side dish and got maybe 3 tablespoons of food?  Disappointing.
Great service, amazing food. Some of the best pizza I have eaten outside of NYC. Have only been in the area a few weeks and been here multiple times, definitely will be a repeat customer!
Wonderful and kind people that work on this ranch. Thank you for an unforgettable experience. Chantel and Sedona
Sometimes... It is good... Sometimes it is gross! \nToday.. I ordered Druken Noodles... It was under cooked :(
I have had beef Pho all over the US and this is one of the best!  Great summer rolls,also.  Place is modern and very clean.  Everyone is friendly and service is quick!
Still the best all you can eat sushi I know.  I compare all other all you can eats to Sushi Mon!   I love that they have tempura ice cream included in the all you can eat as well.
I have no other way of saying the food is not worth the cost, they never get the steak right.  Its either undercooked or overcooked!  The service is fine but the food is blah.
My brother introduced me to this pizza joint.  The service and the food is phenomenal.    The atmosphere is great.  Our new go to place for Friday family pizza night!  FYI- you have to try their Fall Harvest salad and Fran's favorite pizza.  So yummy!
Stay away, this place is just a huge time share and they promise you the moon and after hours of what should be considered torture you feel emotionally drained. I wish I would have spit on the guy that stopped me in the street instead of give him the time of day
First time I had been there!   Ordered a few appetizers and both were great!  It has a great feel inside and I would definitely come back!
The buffet isn't huge, but I like their offerings -- especially the stuffed mushrooms. The food is refreshed often and not all dried out like other places I have frequented. They have hibachi and sushi stations as well that I have not had a chance to try. I will return.
The service as slow. When we arrived at the restaurant we had to wait 10 min. before someone came and took our order. The food does not correlate with the description on the menu.  Pros: Halal.
No longer in business at this location, completely empty, so sad :(
Lovely place for an outdoor glass of wine when the weather is nice. The ambiance is a bit manufactured but what to you expect on a canal bank called The Scottsdale Waterfront. LOL
I have had lunch there many times and have always been happy with the food and service, but today everything was just OK at best.  The fish and chips had no taste!  It needed a ton of salt and tarter just to eat it.
Nori, great sushi. Nice to have because they are hard to find. My husband and myself frequent this place. Staff is good . The GM is always reaching out to guest and accommodating.
Very nice crepes, but to wait in one line to order it, and then have to turn around and wait in another line to pick it up.... it's like a 30 minute wait and way too long for a place that doesn't even have proper chairs and tables for you to eat on...
This place is just ok...nothing to write home about. Service was awful. Food was average. Atmosphere was ok, but the Bar looked pretty lively. I think its really 2.5 stars but its not available. I would recommend happy hour only for this spot.
Have been to Island so many times. They have wonderful service and the guys at the Bar are really accommodating.   Very Fresh Sushi,  I eat here a lot !
Went on Valentines day and was major disappointment. Extra long wait for food that was very tasteless. We were shocked. Desert was also a disappointment.
The atmosphere is great, it has a cool modern feel about it.  I would come back just because of the atmosphere of the restaurant but luckily for me the food is great as well. The usual for the gf and I is the meat & cheese, a pizza, and a few beers.
I brought my boots here to get fixed. They did a good job however the lady was extremely rude when I came to pick them up. I won't be going here again.
MEH. This place is ok...but after having had Senor Tacos, I wouldn't ever go here again.  Do yourself a favor, drive a couple more blocks to Senor Taco
I was led to believe I was getting in for free but then I had to pay $50 to be squished into a club like a Jewish sardine. This was the holocaust of night clubs. DO NOT GO HERE.
Great casual Peruvian place. Had the grilled chicken with beens and rice. Make sure you get the green sauce. The chicken was cooked to perfection. Just spicy enough green sauce and great rice. Will definitely come back again. Looking forward to try the rest of the menu.
Depending on the time, claim a seat/table before you get in line. If you wait you may be sitting outside. It's a popular hangout.
we needed a late night drunk meal and ended up here. the burger was okay but nothing special.. the burger came with a HUGE pickle :]
Still not a fan of LAVO nightclub. Went here for our comped drinks and danced for a bit and left. The dance floor is very small and doesn't compare to the energy you'd find elsewhere. There's not much going on here, nextttt.
The food was overbooked and with the exception of the small sushi selection was really poorly prepared. The crawfish and lobster in particular were unbelievably nasty. The only reason for the 2 star rating is that the staff were attentive and pleasant.
I had a great experience here purchasing my Mini Cooper Clubman! \nKevin the salesman I worked with was nice too, Dan the finance manager was really friendly and easygoing which made the process a lot less stressful. Overall my experience was great and I love my new MINI!
What can I say? It was the coffee bean in AZ! Was great.. worked just like it was supposed to and does in San Diego and Vegas. Nice work, now I love you in 3 States.
Horrible brewery. You don't allow a 25 year old from Wisconsin because his license is vertical. Just awful customer service. I hope your brewery burns to the ground. You are a horrible corporate monster. It should be about the beer, not screwing over out of state customers. Only giving one star because I can't give zero stars.
Convinent location, horrible customer service. My sandwich is either burnt or so sloppy it falls out. Sandwich preparers side conversations are loud. During peak hours not enough coverage for amount of people. Cashiers are usually somewhat happy to be there.
Really good. The staff is always friendly. I love the greek salad and any of their iced teas. They also have a beer & wine license, so it's a good place to go for 1st Friday.
Confusing airport.   Seriously confusing out of a lot of airports that I've been to.
I have been coming here since I was in high school in the 70's. The food is still the same good quality and good tasting, the cheese crisp is the bomb!!!!
Same food as any other Burger King, but way way overpriced here. Not worth it unless you're super hungry for a $10.99 mediocre burger meal, but still there were crowds of people ordering food. I grabbed an over priced cheeseburger to hold me over until my flight and that was it.
First time calling this company for garage door repair.  Impressed!  They responded within two hours.  Took the time to do the job right.  I highly recommend this company for your garage door issues.
Odd place. The pizza wasn't bad, but they did forget my basil, worse the seating is extremely uncomfortable.
Maybe I went on a bad night, but the place was absolutely dead. It was, however, a Friday night!\n\nIt has potential...it's a great, huge space. But, without a crowd, it was kind of lame. Too bad.
Very good selection of meats. To a first time person that doesn't prefer rarely cooked meat, just tell your waiter when first seated. He or she will make sure they send the more cooked meats to your table. Also do not miss out the fantastic \"salad bar,\" has everything from shrimp, goat cheese and much more.
Churn is a wonderful ice cream place a very unique traditional neighborhood establishment. Ice cream here is always fresh. Their coconut ice cream is to die for.
We love bringing our dogs to On All 4s! Melissa and her son really take care of our three dogs. We love that we are able to watch them be bathed and cut. I would recommend this groomer to anyone! Melissa is so knowledgeable about dog care and it shows that she truly cares about all dogs.
Combo Pan Roast. Get it. The leftovers the next morning tasted even better.\n\nThe line and chowder were not too bad.
We just are in love with the smoked wings here as well as the chicken salads. The bread pudding is a fav as well.
Always greeted with a friendly smile! Service is fast and friendly and the food is amazing! The California Bacon Benedict and the Country Fried Steak are delicious!!
Mo, the owner is awesome, Mention yelp and he will most likely give you a discount. Its rare to see a business owner working his own store and he is very generous and nice, always has done well with the clothes I've taken in.
stopped by to get some take out for dinner. the bun bo hue was actually pretty good. i might be stopping here at least once a week afterall. =)
The chicken was suspect in my greek salad., it was old & rubbery.  Also there were bugs crawling in the dining room and when the waitress was notified of the bugs she said you cant do anything about them. Makes you wonder whats crawling in the kitchen. I will not be returning.
Thank you, Laura for a beautiful tan. You made it so comfortable and easy! I will be back for more.
The food is great and it's good to see a place supporting other local suppliers. Plus the staff has bee great each and every time I've been there
Horrible service.  Waited over 1 hour to be seated, then another 30 minutes without a waiter before leaving.  Other customers complained about food quality.  AVOID.  Go to the Yardhouse in the Mall.
I gave them a 2 the pizza was a 5 however the lady working the register had a attitude and was the most rude person I have ever encountered at a restaurant I had lunch there yesterday also and she was the same way so because of this I will not be back.
Ate here again this morning, and again got something slightly different than what I ordered. The food is mediocre at best, and the service leaves much to be desired.
you get what you pay for -- that's all i can say about this hotel.\n\nhad to stay here because we decided to stay an extra night and this was the only place my friends could afford.\n\nnote to self: do not come to vegas with broke friends!
The food is amazing. The staff is very friendly, overall had a great time. Its a lot better than Cut in Beverly Hills, CA.
The location is beautiful. Everything about the decor and architecture is absolutely amazing. The service, not so much. Somewhat rude to customers about requests. Can't say that I'm a fan of the service but I would definitely try again hoping for a friendlier experience.
I've been going here since they were in the old location up on East Blvd.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and their hours are convenient for me.
Who doesn't love ice cream? I love Ben and Jerry's ice cream but I didn't like the prices. This was considered splurging for me, but it was good. Now I'll save up and splurge again in about a month.
A very special place with great coffee, fabulous baked goodies and an ambiance that is second to none.
Doesn't offer the all you can eat prime rib as of end of august.\nHowever there is enough on the single order to satisfy the average person.
Almost missed this hidden gem as I walked thru the mall.. its packed full of goodies and I had to stop myself from buying way too much. They have little take home goodies for people or all out dresses and outfits to glam out\n\nGreat staff and layout.. a must stop
Disappointed... Food was great but service and management were not up to par. I had the worst experience that no customer should ever go through. I am shocked and lost for words. 1st check-in and  experience. Won't ever return....
I was with 3 people last friday the're was only 10 min wait. Food was good ,the tall draft beer were huge and what a heavy mug? Service was very good and what an ambiance. Will defenitely go back for a party
The establishment seems unsymmetrical and in some measure postponed for some later years that never came about.The food station at the bottom level is not open. The place feels abandoned and grimed. I do still come for off the margin features. I much prefer the Scotia Bank movie theater located further east but they mostly show blockbuster films.
Pretty disappointing.  Dry fish tacos - also pricey, no side.  Burgers, french dip and chili were pretty good but also nothing too special despite the price.  Service was good, but came with several very heavy handed hard sells at the end of the meal for shots.  Solid \"meh\".
Awesome store. Great customer service and great on the pocket book and great selection. If you are a DIYer, this place is awesome because they have how to clinics.
I was really looking forward to eating here, but was disappointed in the end.  The octopus salad was good as a starter, but nothing spectacular.  My favorite dish was the gnocci with lamb ragu and mint.  Sadly, the calamari main was tough and bland.  I regret not saying something to our server.
If the second meal was my first meal I would not have gone back for a second meal.  The hamburger did not taste fresh.
The pancakes are fluffy and light; outstandingly great.  We ate outside on a Wednesday and enjoyed the fresh air.  Service was good with immediate seating.  Inside is plain, traditional old style pancake house.  The pancakes and orange juice are definitely worth the trip though.
Except for the fact that they serve Peet's coffee, nothing will entice me to return here anytime soon. The interior is too drab for me. It didn't make want to linger. I ended up picking up my coffee and walking out.
Awesome selection and love the new facelift. The manager and staff are always very helpful.
They have a really good beer selection that's unique and diverse. The coffee is quite good here too! The only downfall is this place is it can get a little crowded but I guess that just speaks to how cool it is.\n\nI love little places like this.
Consistently average.
Refreshing desserts you can't find anywhere else in Phoenix. Fun place to hang out and even get some work done. Almond pudding = almond jello!
Totally middle of the road mediocre Indian food.  Service is quick, we had to eat quick and did, and the buffet served our needs.  I've had better and worse Indian food.  It's not spicy at all, for those with timid palates.
will never shop at this store again.  Wish I had not bought Christmas presents here.  Called to ask if they honor prices at other stores and told by employee that he was certain they honor other store prices.  When I went to the store the store manager refused to honor price.  Will order my item online.  No wonder Wisconsin stores are losing sales to online retailers.
Not good at all  I got a grilled chicken burrito the chicken was so much fat I will not go back
It's can be hard to find good food in vegas. Happy to find this great cafe. Friendly staff ,good food and big portions.
The food is great (try the chimichurri sauce!) and the coffee drinks are even better. The service can be slow if they're busy but the staff is friendly and the atmosphere is welcoming.
I stop by about ounce a month with my wife it's out the way for me but well worth it the bay of pigs rocks a must go.
Fast, fresh, hot, friendly
Great service and food, really top notch. I have been to this location as well as the one in Gilbert. Do yourself a favor and get the table side guac, you wont regret it.
EXCELLENT service (A+). Very good food (A). Expensive
Worst service ever. Definitely will not visit again as the server did not know what beers were in stock, could not explain the happy hour policy and over-charged us on the bill.  Fail.
Good food considering its a theater. The burger is excellent.  But the waitstaff is terrible and slow.
The machines are really old and about a quarter of the ones up stairs were out of service. It looks like they are shutting down for a day in July- so hopefully the renovations include new equipment.
I have been using this salon for more than 2 years and am always satisfied with the job they do! Great service, very talented, and it's always clean.
Great restaurant! It really is nice to look at and the food is great. My friends and I have stopped in just to chat and soak up up the atmosphere over some chips and shirley temples!
Great margaritas and a nice happy hour, but was not impressed with the food. We had to ask for the free chips and salsa, and the tacos were just blah
I like this place for a quick meal on my lunch hour or post work out. Plenty of seating, small menu but it's generally shakes, what more do you want? \n\nIt's really affordable too.
Group of 6 - Everything we ate was excellent.  Took the recommendations from Dino - meat and pasta dishes were all great. Service stellar. Save room for creme brul\u00e9e.  New favourite Italian spot.
Good food. Good service. Decent atmosphere. Worth trying. Sushi is the way to go, but the portions of the thai entrees are solid too.
Waited about 10 mins before I got help only to tell me that they cant do oil changes today with no specific reason why. With a big sign that says oil changes in front I would expect them to be able to do oil changes. They lost my business.
Bad service, food is great
Tired, old shopping centre in much need of some TLC.\n\n\n There are several empty stores, the flooring is old, and there's not an awful lot to see, except John Lewis.\n\n\n OK for getting a paper and quick bite to eat, and that's about all.
Nope! Nothing \"Italian\" about this place, and it's not even good enough to be American.  Even my pizza-loving starving boy refused his pizza after one bite. Truly, I have had better food on transatlantic flights. Bland, tasteless, and overpriced.
I purchased the Groupon for monthly service but I can't book a session.  Is anyone else having trouble booking?  After persistent attempts I was able to get booked and found Vicky to be very attentive, just busy at times.  She tries to accommodate you, but she has a busy schedule.
Great service, friendly staff. Hash browns were tasty and kids loved the waffles. \n\nDiner styled atmosphere. Safe area. \n\nWaitress gave us a free waffle which was nice. Coffee was good. \n\nVery satisfied for what it is.
My daughter loves it, but I cannot stand the food, the noise, or the horrible parking.
The only reason this place doesn't get five stars is because the ambiance leaves a lot to be desired. The sushi is delicious, get the Alaskan roll!
Great customer service, over the top entertainment and options galor! There presentation is clean and functiinal with  bit of vegas flare. They price match online too!
Just average. My eggs Benedict Florentine was good but almost no discernable bacon on it. I'll stick with Black Bear Diner
Great decor...very cool vibe here!  We checked out the happy hour and it got pretty crowded...I guess $4 drinks in Vegas will do that!
Surprisingly a good place for sushi. Not expensive abd courteous people. I would recommend.
Place smells good I reccomend the snickers coffee drink it's like a frappuccino. Had the corn hash it was mediocre.
Came to solo for happy hour today. Had the delicious coppa pizza with an egg and the meat balls. Extremely delicious and the price was great. Eli the bartender is amazing!!!
I must say that I am totally pleased with my stay here at Vdara.  I am sure it helps that I was upgraded to a huge suite for no additional $.  However, the staff is pleasant...amenities are great and I love that there is no casino downstairs.  I have already booked my room here for my next visit.
Being from Hawaii I miss a lot of the island food that I grew up with, this is one of the few places that help my cravings. Just a little disappointed that the quality of food has gone down since they've become a franchise. It's starting to taste like just another fast food joint.
I was there on 10/18/13.  Obviously the kind of reviews it was receiving led to its on downfall.  The place is closed for \"rebranding\" - and may re-open under a different name in 2014.
It's cheap and is open at 6 a.m.  This is pretty much the only pros I can think of this place.
My first stay at this chain was not bad. Hotel was clean, modern, conveniently located. The service was professional and helpful. I was disappointed with the breakfast-eggs were rubbery. I might consider staying with HI but not with the express chain for this reason.
The owner and employees are extremely friendly and gregarious! The prices are great for high quality food! Definitely cannot be disappointed here. :) The pizza is always hot and fresh, the crust being light and having the perfect crunch. The atmosphere is light and the store is well maintained.
As always a very good experience, food was correct portion size and staff were as always very attentive. I have been back 3 times in the last 10 days as you know exactly what you are getting. Good food, service and ambiance at a reasonable cost.
I love this place,  I have been coming here for 3+yrs , very clean,  great massage chairs and hot stone leg massage!
Not that great of a place. It is quite a disappointment compared to other thai places. I went their twice.
Food was ok. Waitress was a huge air head. Waited 25 min for my $7.00 beer. Only got it after I reminded her. It is just another disappointing chain restaurant disguised as a local commodity.
One of my new favorite places for Sunday brunch! Their drink specials are awesome, food's always great, service is also above expectations, overall a definite recommendation. Can't go wrong with what you order, whether its a burger, breakfast brunch, huge salads, all of it worth the money without breaking bank.
It's good and cheap(in that area).
I would have to say this place is a solid 3.5 stars. Cheap, strong drinks and interesting handwritten poster boards advertising the potluck today at 2pm (darn it, we just missed it). Bring a side!
I love the place !!!! Especially the Chicken Wings
Excellent Chinese food. Make sure to order the Wing Lei martini delicious I had 4 of them Wow I need to get the recipe. I'm glad we came here for dinner.
Loud!  Music is loud...pumps are loud...too much going on.  Can I just get a tank of gas?!
The Red Dragonfire drink is oh sooooo delicious.  A smooth martini with a hint of spice. Also try the butter cake. This cake literally melts in your mouth.
Coworkers and I were staying at the bellagio and was looking to go somewhere nearby and low key...this did the job. Food was good...not great.  The bellagio penne was just ok but my friend said the turkey burger was really good.
Adorable place! Historic building oozing with charm. Food was good and service was great! Full menu including vegan options. Win!
I had their frozen hot chocolate and it was just meh. Nothing special, try Max Brenner's inside the Caesars Palace. They have a chocolate shake with baileys that stomps on this one!
I was so happy when I found out that they have fish company at Downtown. The food is not as fresh as the one in the stripe. I like the one in stripe better even they have the same menu.
Amelie's never disappoints. Even when there's a line around the corner, it really moves and the lattes and desserts are always tasty and delicious.
Our room looked tired. Definitely not a 4 star. Small bathroom with cracks in the the bathrooms tiles.
Had free comp $$ To spend. Took 3 people and we all thought average at best. Steak not seasoned and took 10 minutes to refill a coke.
Bought a greasy hotdog before entering Zumanity.
Worst bbq I have ever had. The meat was tough, fatty, and their rub was bland as hell! The only reason I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 was because the mac n cheese I got was fairly decent
Really not a review of the food since I didn't eat any....I came for lunch and was revolted by the smell when I walked through the door. Not sure if it was sewer gas or the food but it was awful.  Made a lame excuse and left quickly.
Not bad. Remember YC's being better.
Very subpar Mexican food.\n\nPossibly THEE worst Huevos Rancheros I've ever tasted.\n\nThe chips and (hot) salsa was decent, but the mild salsa straight tasted like tomato paste.
Great service and nice atmosphere. Just a short walk to other bars in the area. My meatloaf was excellent!
Clean store with friendly staff.   They even sell Dasani water.  Was tempted to but candy, but passed on it.
This place is dying....years ago, this place was packed of so much stuff.  It used to be cool coming here...so much things to see/look at, now everything looks just like a leftover...Sad.
Don't bother, the owner fired the cook and staff and brought in new people. This place is doomed.
Great chicken philly!  Grilled onion, provolone cheese and juicy chicken!  $10 with drink but well worth it.
These guys at fresh wasabi microwaved my hamaichi Kama - scary!!!! Go to Sushi Brokers in Scottsdale for consistent and fresh sushi. Sorry this place does not cut it for me. Sushi rice was vinegary!
had lunch today with colleagues from out of town. 3rd time eating here and we'll be back. very attentive service. above average food selection and quality. mostly authentic. clean rest room. clean dining room. good parking..
I've eaten at Jersey Mikes Subs a few times... usually this location and I always find the subs lacking flavor. On top of that the prices are more expensive than Jimmy Johns, and I think JJs has better subs all around.
Great view, food, and service. My GF and I went here to celebrate my return home from deployment. Wonderful experience!
I LOVE, LOVE Americas Taco Shop! The best carne asada and al pastor I have ever had and I am completely addicted to the ceviche. We eat ATS once a week if we can get over there. Go visit! It is amazing!!
5-stars for the breakfast sandwich and proximity to the Sheraton Four Points. \n\na fine place with nice checkers!
Not only was Angelo's Italian lemon water ice awful but they also had the nerve to charge a BLEEPING ten dollars for our two cups. We tossed them in the garbage after one spoonful.\n\nVery artificial in taste with an odd texture and very expensive.
Great food and drinks, vegan options!  Staff was very friendly and helpful. Absolutely loved this place!
Poor value. $14 omelets that make Waffle House look like Michelin Star dining. Save your money, time, and shame and go to McDonalds down the street.
My husband and I got two cupcakes last night but didn't eat them until today.  They tasted pretty good.  We got one carrot cake and one orange blossom.  The orange blossom's frosting was very dense and super sweet.  The carrot cake was delish!
These are the happiest, friendliest employees on earth. I had never been to Five Guys- I was a confirmed in and out guy. No more. This is the best burger, killer spicy fries, and best team I have ever experienced. How day do dat?\nThe best.
I personally feel that \"some\" of the employees extremely rude.  I have heard some employees literally scream at customers.  One lady apologized for something she dropped and she's repeatedly apologized while cleaning it up.  The one employees glared and screamed at this lady.  Now, some employees are super nice.
Spot shrimp, Asian lobster, European sea bass with crispy skin. All perfect. Naan bread with dipping sauces were wonderful. Service was spot on. This is a great Vegas dinning spot. You will pay a lot but less then a few other places in the hotel.
The food was amazing and the service was the same. Nice spot if you are downtown looking for awesome fried rice. I will be back there again real soon.
Worst business ever award. They never answer the phone. Their.customer service is terrible. The store is disorganized and looks like black Friday is everyday. Go somewhere else if you can.
so fun I loved it my boyfriend took me on the tour for my birthday it was great i learned alot about pittsburgh and enjoyed the tour guide she was funny and very entertaining :) highly recommend going on this tour even if you live in pittsburgh!
Came here yesterday and the matzo ball soup was amazing. Came back today for more and it was terrible. Today the soup tasted Lipton soup and the matzo ball was hard as a brick. Don't know what happened but they need help if they are going to serve soup like this.
wow. i can't believe this place closed up shop.  i wish there were more places like this in this town
I love the food here, but parking is hard to get.  The burgers have always been delicious and they take care of the outside tables (cleaning) better than other locations.  Try the wedge salad and fries.  Delicious.
Love this place!  Not sure why they average only 3 stars.  I get the gel mani/pedi and I'm always happy with the results.  Had a male do my nails today (not sure of his name), but he was awesome!
Great staff/coaches but the viewing area for the parents is horrible.. It is almost impossible to get a seat..it gets 2 crowded and most of the time you have to stand to watch, especially when your child is enrolled in a 2 hour class..
Hire more people during your busy times.  No customer should ever be told to call back to place a catering order because everyone is busy.  Another helpful suggestion is not to have complete twits answer the phone.
Good place for breakfast. Fast service. They have the best bacon and I am not even the biggest bacon fan. My only complaint is the chairs are sorta of uncomfortable and the tables are VERY close together.
my go to for BBQ. Love the beer selection too
I think if you're already drunk and are independently wealthy, Hofbrauhaus is fun.  \nThe food quality is actually better than I anticipated.
Dope club in Vegas had a really awesome time with friends awesome dj's , drinks were a little pricey but all in all had a wonderful experience bartenders were super nice great service!
Love this place!!! Food is great!!
Sushi 101 is THE BEST. I was referred here by over 10 people. I finally tried it and now I'm addicted. Tuna is so fresh. Everything is fresh. Cajun egg rolls are yummy. $2 kabobs delicious. And, the fried rice is amazing. Love this place.
Obviously, the sushi is good, but the atmosphere is blah.  You can get great sushi at many other places that are less expensive and with better vibes.  Here, you're paying for the name.
3 hours in line and never made it in.
This place wax horrible!! Sunday afternoon, not busy, service was horrible and food was horrible.
This place is quite old but, they do great food and great service. the crew is so happy and you know you get good food. coffee is always brewed perfect and they have great seasoned fries i always love. their all the omelet are super good and, my wife always try for the breakfast.
If you want dumplings, this is the place.  If not, dumplings are all they have.  This is CASH ONLY despite what Yelp lists.  It's in Chinatown where the restaurants are not all real clean.  This one falls in the middle.
The bean dip was bland and flavorless.  The pasty's tasted like they were premade, frozen and heated up.  Not fresh and made to order.  Yuck!  Yelpers you let me down!
Got their current promo item claiming to be a Island fire cheeseburger. The burger boasts spicy habanero sauce which actually fell very short of anything spicy. The redeeming factor is always their drinks but it's hard to get that wrong.
Food was ok. They obviously had their B team wait staff on tonight. Rude, ignored us for stretches at a time, and we seemed more of an inconvenience then a paying customer.  Will be a long time before I am willing to try this place again.
Service is good, but the food was over priced and nothing special. Don't order these items from the menu: The salmon was dry and way overcooked, the Italian sausages were burnt, overcooked and dry. Nothing special with the Tallow Fries were greasy and salty. Very disappointed for a graduation dinner event.
The food is consistently beyond expectation but I consistently find 4 inch black hairs in my food. The first time was excusable but its getting ridiculous.
Pizza is excellent, coming from new york I have had the best pizzas on the planet and these guys know how to make a pie 2 thumbs way up. ..
We had a great dining experience, however the food was just average. Great cocktail specials from 3-6pm! Wish we would have gone for an earlier dinner.
I'd like to give more of a review but they weren't open.  We drove all the way out to find the door locked.  Even tried to call but no answer.  I hope everything's okay!
Amazing service every time I go, food is very good too!
The best work out ever.  Highly recommend.  You use every single muscle in your body; its a bit pricey but truly worth it.  Mo and Adam are great.  Scott does  a great job, too.  Can't go wrong! Get in here!
I drive past this place everyday on the way to work.  Deciding to stop was an excellent decision. I ordered the shrimp lunch special and added a piece of fish.  If you aren't a fan of catfish you MUST order the cod.  It was perfect! The lemonade was tasty too.
Usually the food here is good, but today our orders of fried rice and teriyaki chicken all had that nasty burned taste. Unfortunate.
And the award for the worst fast food burger over $6 goes to......
The grape leaves were terrible!! All of the rice was hard and crunchy!! The baklava was ok.. The pita and Babaganoush was really good though..
one of the best steaks i've ever had.  amazing waiter, attended to us as if the rest of the restaurant wasn't packed.  having cellars bursting with superb and undrunk wine, my buddies and i BYOBed, and the waiter joined in.
Lentil soup had barely any lentils n had a grilled cheese sandwich with one maybe 2 slices cheese. Won't bother coming back
Super cool, tiny venue for a true up close and personal theater experience.  Staff was terrific, and very informative too.  We went to Poefest.  Great time.
Way overpriced and rude staff.  They act like they are doing you a favor by charging you and letting you in.  Disgusting!  Olympic Gardens is much better with hotter women.
We love the popcorn here. Sometimes the picture isn't the greatest for the theater but overall we love to go here and get rewarded for our movie going so that is fun.
It's okay but kinda pricey for a combo meal.  $30 for 4 no drinks.  Quality is mediocre and it's a Sunday lunch.
I'm not giving five stars because I haven't been here enough.  However, the few times I've been here I've gotten the curry and it's been excellent each time.  I prefer the green curry spicy level #7.
I highly recommend for a great dining experience.  Food and service were amazing.  Nice to find unique healthy options in LV!!
Filerberto's.  Definately good Mexican food.  My favorites are the carne asada fries and super nachos!!!! Always come here with the friends and fam!! If your down for the Mexican food, this is a must!!!
I ordered a burrito. It was too leafy. Walnut muffins were tasty. Everything else was ordinary. Nothing memorable. Oh they made us wait for more than an hour.
The managers and customer service are the worst. BUT the pizza is delicious!!! I love it and have been coming for years. I wish they would stop raising their prices though. A large used to be $5 now they are $9.
Acai bowls are great. Smoothies okay. Juice costs way more than it should for what it was...and the main reason for 2 stars was that we have now twice been charged for tips that were above the amount written so watch out.
Food is ok.
The tater tots here were amazing. Go to the slots, win at least $7 and bring it here to exchange for a tiny tin of truffle tots. You won't be mad.
Terrible. Bad employee attitudes and lack of team work. The poppyseed muffin was so hard it crumbled into crunchy pieces. Wasted money. Went to Starbucks for lemon pound cake. ..yummm
Hair on the sheets, hair on the pillows, hair inside the pillows, hair on the floor, hair on the walls.  Hair.  Lots of it.  And it's not mine.  Did I mention there's hair everywhere?
Rude. Staff complained when we did not but anything. I was going to order something, but the manager came up to us and told us they have to pay for the electricity and that it's not a library. Fine. Goodbye.
Awesome service - quick and friendly!
G
Good Chicago-style pizza, but the chicken-parm sandwich was outstanding.
Gotta say worst pizza I've ever had!!  Didn't think there could be bad pizza. Ordered a cheese and a pepperoni some chicken fingers and wings. The fingers and wings were ur typical not fresh and horrible pizza never ordering again
Super friendly staff, which is rare for an Asian restaurant.  Had the pad thai, not authentic at all, strong fish sauce smell.  Portion is on the smaller side.  Will be back to try their lunch special at $4.99, wonder how much smaller the portion will be at that price, may need to order 2.
NOM NOM!! I'd opt for the original marinara sauce vs the pesto.  Watch the jalopenos, they're spicy!
I thought my drink was too soft. it wasnt strong enough since I asked for 2 extra shots. Plus the guy messed up on my drink which killed it. overall, I wouldnt want to sip on their coffee while waiting inside the airport.
I am a current member but not happy with the club. Average food, below average sports club.
For someone who just wants a decent place to crash,doesn't care\nabout luxury or location or great service,this is a good choice. In fact\nall the Station properties are good values. Good gambling,decent\nfood and LOW prices.
Nothing special, just Shops in a Casino......only plus is they aren't as high end as the Forum Shops.
This place sucks donkey balls! Do not come here ever! You can not use any delivery service, they will not deliver because off strip.
Great doctor!!! The best staff and medical assistants. \nDr. Gabroy is very caring and thoughtful. His staff is just has great as him.
I grew up eating jollibee at the Philippines. It's nice to have one here in Vegas. Love their chicken and gravy. o n I can't stop by without ordering spaghetti.
One of the worst places I have ever eaten at.  Very high priced.   I ordered what I was told was a noodle dish with vegetables and beef.  I had to search hard for the few tiny grains of beef sprinkled around the edges.   We had a party of 15, and all extremely disappointed with the food.
Food is too salty and lots of MSG. The service is not good at all. I was ordering and the waitress just left to attend to something in the middle. Will not go again.
Alternate Reality is always my top recommendation for comic book nerds. I've been shopping here since I was in high school. The best selection of old, new, indie, and cool. Love love love this place.
Fast service there today. I was in and out in no time through their drive up. Food was fresh and hot and very good.
Not bad food was really good and I was completely full
Brunch was really good here, very tasty and healthy. Their mixed drinks were a lot of fun and inventive. We had raw oysters to start, rye toast, grilled cheese, salmon Benedict, and shrimp around the table. Everyone was happy with their food. A bit pricey though
Excellent thai food, I always recommend it and bring ppl who are visiting from out of town. Never disappointed in the food, my go to place for Thai in the city, no other place compares.
You have to try this place. First time was a great time. I can't wait to go back. Everything was very good and fresh.
One of the most outstanding vegetarian restaurants I have experienced.  We ate lunch at lunches two days in a row-- great food, great service and wonderful atmosphere.  The food is very creative, healthy and tastes great.
Food and ambiance were very good. Nice creative place for vegas style dinner. I would go back.
As a Chinese, I really love this little restaurant, just like eating at home.
Excellent homemade burgers. Great portions for the price.
Recently purchased a  mattress at the stone crest location. Jim Lane was so helpful! He is very knowledgable and doesn't make you feel like he is trying to make a commission off of you. Also, he is up front about the price and any deals available. We got our mattress the next day and have had great sleep ever since!
Finally! A place that knows how to make a delicious veggie burger! It's sometimes difficult me to eat at restaurants, especially those known for their meat dishes, but Burger Bar was fantastic! And their \"Sin City\" beer, comparable to AmberBock, was refreshing and perfectly complimented our meal.
Been living here for over a year now. Kathy is the sweetest lady :) Rest of the staff is also always warm and welcoming.
This place is amazing. Friendly staff, wonderful food. \n\nI have been there too many times to count, but due to the location I typically order over the phone and pick it up to eat at the office or at home. Never disappointed.\n\nA delight to have in the Indian Trail area!
Always luv the food and our Prime Rib was excellent tonight. Our Bartender was Trisha great service. See you soon!
Love my neighborhood Starbucks staff, however...Parking lot is tricky and does not wrap all of the way around. I see traffic jams as people make 23 point turn around a to exit. They really need signage !!! Management can easily step up here !
This is a very fun place.  We sat at the bar and were served immediately.   This is Americanized version of Mexican food that uses fresh ingredients and crafty presentations.  The restaurant design is modern and hip.  Our salad and burrito were delicious.   Cool hangout or date spot.
Their breakfast burrito came with raw bacon and sour cream that tasted like it expired along time ago.
It's a burger. Nothing \"all that special\" here in my opinion. And the menu is very spare (everyone in the party best be looking for a burger).
First I must say the food was excellent. Definitely a must try if you are a burger fan. However, service was lacking energy and familiarity with menu, hope to go back and possibly just sit at the bar!
Busy for dinner! Cars were wrapped all around the building and almost all tables inside were occupied. I was surprised to see how fast they move because we didn't have to wait very long. It is one of the best fast food chains so I can see why. They also have great combos!
They gave money to discriminate to gay people.\n\nForget about it.\n\nI will never ever eat there again.\n\nThey are major bigots.
The best yogurt in Tempe! Homemade, with rotating flavors every week. Also a great selection of toppings most places don't have. Cant beat that!\n\nDon't forget every Thursday is 2 for one, trying convincing me to go anywhere else!
This was our first stop of the night. We had some drinks and the vibe was casual and relaxing. The noise level wasn't too loud so we were able to converse normally. I certainly enjoyed my time here!
Grade; C-\n\nI don't understand why people make such a big deal out of this below-average place. Lemmings... Food Fight Inc. fools Madison yet again. Don't believe the hype.
We purchased the 3-day pass for $20 each. It took us up and down the strip as many times as we wanted!! Worth the buy to get around the strip!!!!
After numerous attempts to resolve and promises to refund prepayment,  and no apology, my money was refunded.......two months later. Thanks Hertz for ensuring my entire experience was poor. Back in Phoenix this month, going straight to enterprise!
Good location at an affordable price. Its not the nicest place I've stayed on the strip, but it is smack dab in the middle, right across from Caesar's Palace and the Bellagio. \n\nMy only gripe: it took them 1.5+ hrs to bring me a shower cap!! :(
I love, love, love GREENS!  I ate there today after seeing the reviews on Yelp!  I'm a MEAT eater, but I enjoyed the Vegan dishes here. The  bottled drinks are sort of expensive though, but then again I think they are made with Stevia.
i really really like the pizza. but the service in the restaurant can be sort of rude and sort of slow. this pizza is better enjoyed at home after it has been delivered to you or you have picked it. by the way, the delivery people are really nice.
not impressed!!!!  food sucked more of a bar!
The food was meh and overpriced. We went during Happy Hour and still racked up a $30 tab. Was overcharged for my beer. The nachos were super awkward and not worth the $9 (which was a discounted price for Happy Hour). The service was great though and so were the wings.
Service is crap. They are rude and don't really care when you get your food or how long it takes for you to be seated.  The hosted was rude and I would never go back there!!!
Average pho shop on Alma School. Cheap, quick and friendly service. All dishes are ~$7. Menu also offers vermicelli bowls and plenty of over-rice options.
It's closed at 7 am now .... So don't count on it to be open that early any more.\n\nThree stars are for whole foods' being amazing.
Horrible table after setting up a reservation. Seafood platter overpriced. Pizza okay. You are paying for the name.
Enjoyed the food very much and the price is great. The staff are very helpful. Must try their freshly baked bread!!
Good. My car broke down in the morning. I called at 8:30 and I have a meeting at nine. The taxi just show up in 5 min and save my life. Nice service!
I go back almost every week. I end up eating out around once a week and am glad there's actually a place to go to that isn't burgers, pizza, or burritos. \nLittle pricey but I think for the fresh ingredients like avocados and whatnot it's worth it.
I was so excited to see a Nathan's Hot Dog!  Yet I was so disappointed to in my hard bun and hot dog that was less than fresh.\nJust take a peek at your product if you are taking it to go, so you're not disappointed.
This review only relates to the Oyster Bar at Texas Station.\n\nTheir decision to do away with the \"lunch portions\" will result in the elimintion of their lunch business.\n\nDumb!
This Wendy's is very nice  and new. We usually like this place but this occasion we found a bone in our chicken sandwich. We gave it to the man cleaning the lobby. He took it to his supervisor/ manager and know one approached us with an apology or questions. This was in bad taste and we will not be back
Stopped here on our way through town headed north.....great food, nice sized portions, super sides ......definately a great find!!!
Awesome.  Larry, Christina and Lucas are wonderful. Tuesday for wine, the best! My goodness the pizza was so yummy. Thank you for being so close to Ahwatukee. Live it!
Yuck! Go to the original location on 16th st. & indian school. Soo much better!
Listen: Where is the DEEP FRIED HOAGIE?!?! We loved this! Bring it back, don't get cheap with a paltry cheeseburger :(
New favorite spot for pizza in Troon. We used to frequent Rare Earth pizza but the crust at LAMP is definitely superior which is saying a lot. It has that slightly charred flavor that is so hard to find. Our server was James and he was awesome.
TJMAXX HomeGoods is a fun store to explore and sometimes even purchase things. It seems to be well organized and kept in order as apposed to many stores like it.
My favorite kind of places are those where you can make whatever the hell you want to match your heart's desire.  Which pretty much means that Mac Shack fits right into that profile.  Relatively affordable and hits the spot if you need a quick food fix!  Service is ok as well.
This review is for the bar smack in the middle of the casino. Stopped here for a few drinks on the way to PnH. The barkeep can pour some mean drinks. In a good way. As if the group wasn't trashed enough, this made the fun last that much longer!
Love the ice cream and the mix-ins are fantastic but hate the hours of operation.
Let's be honest and call this place what it really it: a community rec center. The weight room is a joke.
Try the chicken and fried beef, this place is your traditional Cuban joint and one of the few that is really good in this area. Be prepared to wait a little while, but that is usually standard at most authentic Cuban places. You will not leave hungry.  They have a live band on weekends.
Found this place because Goyemon was too busy.  Happy I did.  Delicious food and good service. Would definitely come again since I was with ayce amateurs.  Lol.
Tried Biscuits again last week. They cannot make an egg over easy. The whites have to be cooked while the yolk is still runny. This is not rocket science.
Grumpy Ranger Mike Garcia sets an unwelcome tone. Sorry to have disturbed his day by visiting. As a public face of such a great site it soured the visit from the very start. The movie was OK the ruins were OK but hey put a better people person as your front register guy.
Amazing food with a beautiful view of strip right across from Bellagio fountains! Def get the onion soup as a starter and a glass of wine with your preferred entre, very delicious food and amazing location.
This is a great and affordable boutique! They have great clothes! I love their jeans especially! Really great deals if you go at the right time too! The staff is really helpful. I also recommend to try the candles!!
The food here is pretty good. The mac and cheese is creamy and the chicken strips are awesome. The service is good and the price is fair. They have a bunch of sauces as well so there is probably going to be something for everybody. If you eat inside they have whatever game happens to be on which is great.
The owner, Mario, (for lack of better wording) sucks. He is rude and assumes the worst from people. That being said, good place to enjoy food, but I'll never go back because of the way he treated me and other people. All he cares about is money.
Regular sports bar setting....tv's everywhere. It is definitely kid friendly.
Appetizers are amazing. Cocktail shrimp is a must try! Side dishes are also good choice. Two star due to the steak, Have had better for half the price.
My husband lives the fettuccini Alfredo. The food is decent the breadsticks are great. Good for a 2:1 coupon dinner.
Cold war is over and KGB has disclosed the secret of huge juicy burgers and tot chips. Got to hit it if you get blocked in the desert hell of Vegas.
LOUD, overpriced and under portioned. Waste of money. Walk out the casino front door and cross the street and go to McDonalds. I'm so disappointed!
We just got 3 grab and go pizzas, $5 each, they were very YUMMY.  The service is top notch, very nice on the phone.  I will be going there again and again!
I was VERY disappointed in the food! ...and the amount of food provided for the price.  We barely had enough food to get over being hungry.  We took our food as take-out and also had a good portion of our food missing.  I would NOT go here if you have other options.
Horrible hotel, shitty casino, really bad customer service. Internet sux, tv sux, people sux. Never again will I stay at this casino.
I am a huge fan of this place, great oysters, great steaks, great vibes, young hip crowd with a few richies mixed in.   5 star for the food, and service!
Great upgrade from that Buffalo Wild Wings (and the wings are better).  B32 will hopefully have a long run.  Clean, good food, good staff and great placement of flat screens.  The perfect non-dive sports bar!
Seating is huge and the seats are comfortable. Only down side is its full of kids on the weekend even late at night so its hard to get around without almost running over a kid thats not with a parent. Other then that i like the thearter.
Dr. Davis is super professional and very knowledgable. His staff is always upbeat and very good about reminding me about my appointments.  The office is always clean and has a very cool vibe. Is recommend their service to family and friends.
My mother and I just had dinner at the Brazilian Bull and the service was down right racist and disrespectful. Especially the owner. I will never eat at this establishment again and will tell everyone I know to avoid this place!
You call it. Night already starting right. The burger was ok . I like the pimento chesse. The burger was seasoned. If I had to come back to charlotte , I would comeback , but I wouldn't say it a place you have to try.
Pros:\nGreat variety\nGreat for vegetarians\nQuality food with neat ambience\n\nNeutral:\nChain restaurant feel\nWaiting time can be long
This is a must stop in Vegas. Had Grimaldis in Brooklyn and Hoboken and this spot is great coz there are no lines and better interiors with the same delicious pizza! You can't go wrong with Grimaldis. Caesar salad, pepperoni pizza and a good red!!! Wish I made room for dessert!
I agree with the other Yelpers...skip the insane 2 hour wait at Pizzaria Bianco. The pie here is equally delicious (if not better)! \n\nCibo offers the perfect crispy/chewy crust with simple, fresh toppings. \n\nFantastico!
Great staff, lots of knowledge of Vegas history, extensive product available for the home gamer. Henry and Al made us feel welcome and taken care of.
Very clean and well lit. Close to Mexican, Chinese and Italian take out. Nice TV's and computers. Best place to launder your clothes in Madison!!
Bar food\nDecent bar food though.\nWaitress was nice\nBeer was cold \nCool paintings and art\nAtmosphere was warm and non pretentious
Good food.....good music.  Chicken fried steak was the best.  Staff was friendly but nothing to write home about.  Lol....three people two mints!
Awesome.  Just awesome.  The gyro meat is made the way it should be and shaved off when you order.  Its a messy, greasy bundle of deliciousness.  And the fries are good too.
Always stay here when attending convention at Mandalay Bay. Right across the street, adjacent to Hooters and The Tropicana Casino. Perfect one or two bedroom, full kitchen. Perfect price for the hospitality and cleanliness. My fav, every space has a walk-out balcony.\nLove it!
Best athletic store I've ever been too! The product is wonderful and worth every penny, the service is amazing as everyone is soOo knowledgeable and seem very happy with what they are doing, and the energy is different from anywhere else in Vegas...
Fish tacos,  how could you go wrong with these!
Decent sandwiches and bonus points for spicy fries (more places should have spicy fries).  But unforunately, there's not much to make this place stand out.\n\nSwing by in the summer and grab a table outside for some great people watching on State Street.
This place one of the worst Golden Corrals I've ever been to. The food is decent but the management is horrible and unhelpful. They treat their staff and guests horrible. Mediocre attitude and unprofessional customer service by management!
Food was good.  Portions were small.  Not the cleanest retaurant I've ever been in.
Ok for the money. However I haven't been overly impressed. Service is good and good is decent, just don't get the sense that it is worth it for the money. Get the rock shrimp - worth whatever they charge.
No longer frequenting this barbershop
Perfectly relaxing ambiance with artistic decor. Friendly staff. Tasty food (had the delicious Turkey BLT today). Wonderfully balance cup of cafe latte (soy and vanilla flavor available).\n\nThey also have a drive-thru option if you're in a hurry.
We had the Sunday Buffet.  It was terrible. The food was terrible and there was one guy running the place who kept going outside.  So much Incense burning as you walk in too.  One of the worst restaurants I have ever eaten at. My husband liked the lamb curry so it got one star for that.
Very nice atmosphere, very bad service.  Happy hour took 20 minutes to get drink, they were out of their trademark appetizer - pigs ears, and had no menus for us when we arrived.  Food was so so.  I wasted my time.
Staple inexpensive subs that are identical to those of every other subway in town\nI wish they offered guacamole like their sf counterparts do
What Conni does is amazing!!! I met Conni through a local rescue. I adopted my dog Dee Dee through Conni. Dee Dee always remembers Conni and is a whole new dog when she gets home!! I also enjoy the update pics when im away! Conni is definitely doing something right!!! Thk you!
I love not only the hand crafted beer at Great Dane,but the beer as well.  This location is great for both dinner and a night on the town.
I've been coming here since 1998 and it's still the same friendly staff. I'd come more often if Peoria want so far away. .. I come anytime I am even remotely nearby!
Food is 5 star and the best I've had so far in Charlotte. The service is 3 star and can use a ton of improvement. No reservations accepted. You can show up and put your name and number on paper. Our wait was long and we were told that it's pretty consistent to have a 45 minute wait. Enjoy.
Not too much can be said about a burger joint so I'll share something not everyone may know. They have veterans discounts every day. Just bring in something to prove it and you get a discount.\n\nOh, and their ice-cream cookies are delicious.
My friends and I have been coming to Tonic consistently for over a year now - you can not beat their happy hour and they actually play great music videos!  Who else does that these days - not even MTV!
Went from an A to a B and now to a C. Wasn't displaying the grade for awhile. Now they have their C up. I'm one of over 16 calls to the health board I'm told.
such a shame, this place has great furniture and decorative items  -albeit at times overpriced - but man does their customer service SUCK.
Pretty standard theatre, never had a bad experience here, except sometimes it can be crowded, and of course its expensive. Except matinee = $5!
The decor was nice, but the beers were just okay. I went early in the afternoon, so I don't know what the nighttime atmosphere is like, but I did try a sampler of the beers -- ok. Much better than macrobrews, but much less than what the craft beer world has to offer.
Went here as part of a party of four. Service was slow, General Tso's chicken and orange chicken were burned, teriyaki chicken was too sweet. Will not be returning to this restaurant.
The Food is good. The waiter we had on this particular day wasnt the best they have. We were hungry and the food arrived late. The overall experience isnt something i  would want when i go out to eat.
Love love love this down home place. It's hard to find a place where 'people know your name' in Vegas. Micah is amazing. Get the deviled eggs.
The food isn't all that great and the Mac n cheese taste like that cheap powder cheese and the staff act like they where scared to come serve us maybe because of our skin color. The place wasn't very impressive I won't be back. I tried it once that's it.
Very nicely appointed place, nicely done. The Thai tea was just okay, and although the Phad Thai was tasty, it was real greasy. I may try it again, may not,
Great omelets and absolutely the best coffee cake I have ever had. Ask them to split an omelet and you will still have plenty of food and room for the delicious coffee cake. Very friendly and efficient staff as well. Nice to have a good local breakfast place. This is what Original Pancake house used to be.
I had a tongue burrito (listed under Torta on the menu) today. It was awesome!
Love this place because they deliver and have pretty good pad Thai and curry chicken. It's hard I find a great Thai place in Vegas. This one is up there. Never been inside though.
Roasted chicken is super good and the feta salad is amazing! Love this place for a quick, healthy lunch or dinner
Miguel's is a pretty ordinary joint - canteen type place. Nothing special about it. The lady who served us was so cold & uncourteous, sitting at the restaurant for half an hour felt like a chore. Am not going back to this particular one for sure!
There was about a 15 min wait when we arrived however it seemed like there was always a 15 min wait to be seated for people. Usually a good sign of a great place to eat, and in the end was worth it.  Food was excellent. Service was great too. Great little place to dine at.
The Dim Sum here are bad. Everything was salty and bland. Need I say more? Vegas really needs a good Dim Sum place.
Love this place!  Try any pasty and you won't be disappointed.
Pricey brews on tap but great selection, chill crowd who is friendly albeit hipster, great DJs bumping along, and great court yard.  Best place in South End to hang out on a warm evening.
They have these on the Florida Turn Pike. They make excellent sandwiches at a good price, which I guess I hard to find in the day and age of fast food. But it's not that great.\n\n3 of 5 for just OK, bread and quality of the sandwich was very good.
We pretty much have tried most stuff here and everything is just oh so yummy! Our favorite Japanese restaurant in Vegas! Service is fast and the servers are friendly. Their sashimi platters are to die for, always fresh and big slices too!
Quick and easy mans haircut. Just the way I like it and Renee gets it right every time.
Worst tacos ever I felt as I was biting into the taco I was biting into an oil taco. It was all greased up I could not even taste the beef. The tortilla was dipped in oil or something it was bad.
The best Chinese I've had in my three years here in AZ. From the egg rolls to the shrimp fried rice, even my beef and broccoli was awesome. Will be back!!
No frills off the strip property with incredible room rates, a liquor store, multiple places to eat and good size clean rooms. \n\nPlenty of close by self park and good valet service.
Had dinner here last night. It's was ok. Not what I expected. Semi cafeteria type service.
They advertise 24h delivery, I just called them. The current time us six eleven, am, and the lsdy told me they're close, extremely disappointed, and kinda upset, I was hella craving for a pizza.
Been here twice. The people look a bit overworked but the two people that have helped me were polite. \n\nLooks like they might need a little help. Just something I sense.\n\nNo complaints.
Best mexican food in Pittsburgh. Hands down. Reasonably priced, and friendly service. Everything I have eaten here has been a pleasant experience, and I have yet to have a bad experience. Should change the name to Taco Heaven.
Service was slow...\nFood was bland\nHowever, drinks were priced decently and wine pour was generous
This is the 4th Cirque show that I have seen.  I wouldn't say it was the best, but it certainly would rate #2.  I wouldn't select seats on the floor.  I would go up a level to see everything going on.
Long waits at this location. Especially early in the evenings. Staff is very friendly and a manager comp some drinks for us. Food is good.
I was traveling from DC. Read good reviews about this place but didn't find food that great. I went there on Sunday when they claim to have variety of authentic Indian cuisine available. Service is awful as well. I kept calling the waitress for a glass of water and she was busy decorating herself !!!!
Whenever I visit my family in Arizona, I make it a point to stop in here as the employees are friendly, the food comes fast and the dining room & restroom are always clean. My compliments especially for Courtney for a great customer service experience.
Very good food. Stopped for breakfast on a rainy morning on a friends reccomendation. Great food and very friendly service. I would recommend to anyone and can't wait till I am in the area again. Best hash in town.
Sushi wasn't fresh. Price was reasonable though...
Went there for breakfast. Was a welcome relief after driving thru Cave Creek and no other breakfast places to eat. Great friendly service and great food. Like the portions and left there feeling good. Well priced. I will be back.
He is an amazing pediatrician, very smart, has an MD and JD.  They have a very busy practice but he never makes you feel rushed.  He listens to concerns and gets along well with my would be doctor husband.
Ordered Nachos.  Then Paradise Fish Tacos. This is not real food. Microwaved crap.  Do not eat here under any circumstances -- you've been warned!
The best meat market in Madison. It has great gresh chicken brests. Get the burgundy marinaded steak. Check it out.
Consistently gets the online order wrong. Their ordering online is one of the most detailed I've seen, so whoever fills them must just be stupid. $10 for the wrong salad? No thanks.
I don't know how many times I've passed this place and never even noticed it. I will certainly from now on! Got the Bun Thit Nuong and it was phenomenal! Will definitely be going back to try much more!
I don't think I would touch any other Thai in the west island. This place is fantastic. Everything tastes fresh and delicious. Beats most restaurants around here by a long shot.
This is university area. It should not be so expensive. $28 for two. Kabobs also should be better. The first and last time...
I know that this airport strives to be the friendliest.... Perhaps they need to share that philosophy with the people that work here. Thankfully they have Blue Moon.
They were out of the chocolate cake thing so my bf and I settled for the Banana split waffle. It was delicious!
Cool historic building but the service at lunch today was mediocre at best and stay away from the Chicken Parmigiana unless you like fishy tasting chicken.  The best part of my experience was the bread and butter.  :(
Everyone's eyes lit up when the food hit the table. Every plate was great. Drinks before in the lounge. Remember to take your hat off before entering lounge. The decor is right up there with the Madonna Inn.
Really great food but poor staff female manager if that's what you want to call her was very rude and male manager at bar drinking how professional is that but if I was to go back it be for the food only!
The service is numbingly slow. Over 20 minutes for a salad! The prices are quite high. The quality is nice and the food was interesting, but you lose your interest in tasting food when you start contemplating eating the paper over your chopsticks from lack of nourishment! Atmosphere is very dark.
Service was good. Clean inside. Went in for AYCE sushi it was very disappointing. The rice tasted at least two days old. The fish itself was somewhat ok. Complete waste of my time and money. Will never return...
This place was good for its price. It is defeniy place where it gives you the college atmosphere. Their lunch box menu is pretty simple. Many people seems to get to go box because of the space limit. I would recommend this place to everyone if you are hungry. Everything is under 10 so it is budget friendly.
The staff relies way too much on ascetics rather than prompt and good service. The food is awful and leaves a bad after taste. If you're a beer drinker and into sports and skirts than this place is for you. The beer should help kill the after taste and help you forget all about the bad service.
Been a few times everything tasted great
Ok not great.
Better to go during happy hours only as food is not that much great...(expect Chicken Tandoori wings )
Quick service, helpful service. Just bought a battery. Good price. Excellent employees.
Super cheap monthly deal-$15 a month and that includes unlimited classes. What else could you want? It is not fancy so if you want a luxury gym this isn't it. But if you're looking for cheap + gym + 24 hours + classes = this is the spot
The food is good, and the so is the service.  The bartenders are excellent, both in making drinks and small-talk while you hang out.  It's one of my favorite spots for lunch - alone at the bar or business meetings at the table.  \n\nPrices are reasonable and the food is tasty.
Place is full and long lines; however you can pay $5 and get in the front and a free house shot. Drinks are inexpensive and really good! Lots of pool tables and great environment. One of my select places I love to go when on Mill.
The pecan waffles are good! Love going there when they have the all you can eat special.
Pretty good for 3AM pizza. Knocked off a star because the slices were sweating off oils... (probably because we ordered all of the meats). Crust is on the thin side. Would come back when craving pizza in Vegas!
Not bad, not great. A little over priced. But good quality and portions. Wasn't crazy about my turkey blt but friends had the fig and prosciutto sandwich and loved it.
Nice, clean rooms. GREAT price, Bowling alley, theater, lots of places to eat. I enjoyed my stay.
I would not even give it 1 star but it's the only way to warn people DO NOT STAY HERE !!! It stinks I highly don't recommend it. Do not stay there run forest run, hope u read this before u book your reservation
Okay, to start off with, if you want to eat healthy, keep moving.  This is true southern comfort breakfast food and it was really good.  The staff even put up with two members of my party having a water fight in the middle of eating..
Excellent and reasonably priced!!! Great experience. Try the pork wrap and guacamole! Marks aren't too bad either.
Good food & great bartenders!! Aliesha is my fav! She's the most fun!! =)\nFriday ladies nite, ladies drink 4 FREE!! Plus more great promos!
First trip was six years ago.  Last year very disappointing.  This year. Not any more.  Celebrity has overtaken the culture and attitude.  Sorry customers are such an inconvenience.  Word is really getting out.   It has become a smug attitude. Sad
What an amazing workout. Juliet pushed me to my limit, surprising me that I could do so much. I improved every class.  Goals are set, and Juliet  is  the  best  instructor  to  help  you  reach  them.  I  look  forward  to  every  class.  Thanks  Juliet  for  inspiring  me  to  be  better  every  day!
Odds and ends and everything between. \n\nThis antiques store is a hodge podge of furniture, collectibles, vinyls records and, well, junk and dirt.  Some good deals to be had, some items way over-priced.  The inventory changes quickly so you never know what to expect when you come in.
I actually ate here twice in 3 days and had the same thing, it was so good!  I'm avoiding carbs right now, so the Tangier Burger wrapped in lettuce with a side salad was delicious, filling and worth every penny!   yummy!
This is definitely one of the better places around Pittsburgh for Indian food. I have been here many times and always has their lunch buffet. Till now I haven't been disappointed. There are plenty of options for vegetarians as well.
I love their seafood delight. So yummy! Go around lunch time. The prices during dinner is outrageous. (15 bucks plus drink) It's about the same price as the casinos and less variety!
I had a very bad experience with this hotel where they promised one rate AND confirmed that rate then refused to honor it when I arrived though I had the paperwork.  I complained at all levels of management and again they refused to admit the error which was one generate by their computer.  BEWARE!
The food is here has a few highlights at the buffet but is ultimately forgettable. The bread is very good, but the currys and masalas are very watery. It's not bad if you don't like the very spicy version of Indian food.
This place was very good with excellent food and service.  The owner himself checked on us and he was very nice.  We would highly recommend.
Pretty funny!
Not the worst, but definitely not the best. It's probably my own fault bc I don't speak or read Chinese and I was forced to order Americanized dishes. Couldn't swear to it that my chicken in the chicken and broccoli was chicken. Just saying.
What kind of service is that? When I walked in this place there were almost no customers, but I had to wait for 25 minutes for my simple order. When I finally got my sandwich, it was barely worm. I'm not going there again!
This place has a friendly bartender, but is mismanaged.  It is a local bar which has eliminated all distractions from gaming.  No pool tables, darts, food, etc.  Only gaming and you better like the machines because they charge $6 for bud lights if you don't game!
Excellent food, excellent service, very courteous and friendly staff. This restaurant is a gem. I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant, you definitely will not be sorry.
Great dinner. Fantastic butter. Fall off the bone duck over chard and white beans with pomegranate. Glass of martini cab. Good mind place, happy belly. Thanks.
Boring but kids love it!  DONT GO ON THE WEEKEND and bundle up!!!  Lots of fun rides and lights and even a Choo Choo Train!!!
Really good buffet. So many choices to choose from. The only downfall is that it is very pricey, but a great buffet nonetheless.
Absoulutly the worst place to eat!!! Never again!!!
I love shopping at Ulta because it's like shopping at two stores in one! One side is like the beauty department at Walgreen's and the other side is high end products that you would get at a department store. I can stay in this store for hours. Weekly sales and coupons keep me coming back more often than I should.
The Palazzo is a great place to stay if you have a large group.  6 people can fit in their rooms very comfortably.  Rooms were clean and spacious.  Location is pretty good, next to the Wynn/Encore which has my favorite club and pool.   I would definitely stay here again in the future.  Vegas!!!!!
45 minutes for two veggie rolls....Ridiculous. Little explanation or apology and no discount....Unacceptable......very disappointed.
I ordered just a regular old burger that was nothing special and quite frankly over priced. I wasn't too impressed with the live music they had playing. Also expected the atmosphere to be a little more fun and excited. Probably won't be back.
I love the convenience of this place, the flavors they offer and the amount of toppings they have.
Every time we come the service is prompt and courteous.  We had Nicole E again as our server and she is phenomenal.  Super nice and checks on you just enough.
the spicy tuna roll is really good and the fish seemed fresh. i also ordered the teriyaki chicken and rice dish and that was super good too. the portions are great (8 pieces for the roll) and a mildly hearty rice dish. the prices are great as well and i cant argue with that yo.
Chef and owner Dante and his wife are wonderful! Their food is delicious and their prices are very fair!! Their Chicken Milanesa sandwich is to die for!
One of the best In N Outs i've ever been to! Employees are always happy and if you finish your food and having a conversation with someone, they offer to pick up your trash and throw it away! They go above and beyond!
Extremely slow service and prices double what they should be. It's kind of expected being on the strip though. Got the pad thai and the chicken was overcooked and the dish had mild flavor. Worst part is how long it took to get our food and get out of there.
see Love instead, O is highly overrated.  Would never see it again even at half price.
My husband I went there last night, with some out of town guests.  What a great time we had!  Drinks were very good priced and a live band, no cover charge, and what a Great time we had.  We will be going back here again, we loved it.
Its over priced burgers gourmet style. I would prefer pay for cheaper Fatty good food, Fuddruckers, oxtail in the cal hotel, any steak and eggs late night specials.   I thought the idea of Oxtail chili fries sounded interesting, but it was like the chili just overpowered the rest.
If you are a bit inebriated, it's late, you don't care about food quality or price and you just want maximum greasiness with your alcohol antidote burger and fries, this is the spot. Otherwise, I'd recommend avoiding when you have your senses and taste buds with you and fully functioning.
Staff is always friendly. Clean. My son seems to always have a good time. It would be nice if the Sunday hours were longer and also the length of time the child can stay. Only a max. of 4 hours! Maybe I like to have nice relaxing evenings when I go out so I don't like to be rushed!
Came in looking for a Ham Salad roll and similar to Amy's experience, they were just plain out of greens. They did however manage to throw together something for me and it was really nice, very fresh.\n\nWorry though about the salad situation, is there a famine and nobody told me?
Best takeout I've had in Charlotte yet.  Wont go anywhere else.  Usually get their chicken mei fun and lo mein for my girlfriend.
Tasty food, neat style and great service!!  Big fan of authentic Japanese food! I think it's a relatively newer restaurant but still gets busy around 7pm the dinner time!!! Also they have tapas and today special menu!! Big variety of food as your choices. Chilled noodles is my favorite dish!!!
Excellent food.  The Omakase Special are the best in taste and quality
I was actually really disappointed. I thought this one would be better. Not that much selection, not that great of food.
Great place- very clean and professional.  The owner, \"Sugar\" is wonderful and does a fantastic job- the best facial and microdermabrasion I've ever had!
Awesome shop with cool artists. At random, I chose Tyson to do a tear-out and loved both the work and experience. Went back to do Aztec design on my shoulder and he rocked it out! Get compliments on the ink all the time!
Very fun! I would try to go at 6:30-7ish because not all the signs work so its best to have dusk type lighting. Buy your tickets online ahead of time it's only 20 people per tour.
One hour wait even with VIP line. So overcrowded we could barely move, rude staff and bartenders, $13 mixed drinks plus tip, lame layout with too many jammed up walking corridors.  WAY better choices in Vegas.
Sushi  was not too bad except for seaweed, not so good. However, happy hour menu is not much to offer \ncompare to other place. The price is kind of high for the size of a roll which is kind of small.
Perfect spot to watch a game in vegas. Many TVs love the living room settings to hang with your party. Also love all the windows and well lit the place is. Only thing missing is food and a big beer selection.
Too many good restaurants to waste your time or money at this one.
We really like their pho here.  Shrimp fresh rolls are big and delicious.  Friendly staff and quick service.  The grocery store is huge and has a wonderful selection of fresh produce, meats, fish, etc.
very sad!!! this store went out of business!!!!
Nice employees, nice location, Awful sushi.  Should have known something was amiss when it was empty at 6:30 on a Friday night.  Surely there are better places in town.
Always busy, and for good reason. The food is truly delicious comfort food. They have kool-aid!!! What?! The staff is always smiling and moves quick. Since discovering it, I will go no where else for my breakfast food (the grits are amazing)
The food is ok if you like bland food. Took a super long time for our order to come out. If you have all day to wait, this is the place but I don't like waiting so long to eat mediocre food. The staff looked overwhelmed with all the orders coming in.
Great place to come and have a drink and watch a few sports games or bet on the horses. They also have otb  on dog racing. The food is average bar food.
the food is so bland and everything is a upcharge
Fire shrimp and shaken beef are fantastic \nThe staff was very helpful\ncool bar to sit eat and watch a game
food was good but the service of the guy behind the counter was not so good.
It's a cheap Italian restaurant. Not great quality food. Its made fast, so you are in and out fast.
It just was not clean. Not fun
Excellent every time. Try the Green Curry
It feels like you're eating in a slightly-less overrated Cheesecake Factory.  Huge menu, no standouts, nothing bad either.  We have tried a few different dishes and really, I don't think you can go wrong (or be very impressed, either).  Three stars is a pretty accurate description.
This place is awesome! Best nail salon I have experienced in a long time. Great prices, great polish selection, and I even got a shoulder massage while my nails were drying. I'll be back!
Great place to hang out everything from fishing to batting cages even indoor rock climbing
A whole pizza was about the size of a plate and you only get 4 slices. I've had better Vegan pizza at other parlors. \n\nSeems like there was only one woman's and one men's restroom so you would have to wait in line on a busy day. Not practical.
I hate this place, so many military here and they do so much to screw you over. If you want to renew your lease they raise the rent, neighbors are loud and ghetto and like others have said it's terrible\nTo get parking. Pool is full of kids with nobody watching them.
I gotta give it two not one because I love the medieval times, but this place needs a serious renovation!
Very disappointed with this scarpetta :( the view is beautiful but the service is bad and the food was cold!
The breakfast here is really good however their lunch could use some work. A lot of the vegetables are watered down and don't have much flavor. I would recommend trying this place on a Tuesday when they serve their baked chicken. It's really good.
Very nice Chinese restaurant.  The hot pot is some of the best in the city.  They do a very nice value lunch menu too.  It is very popular so come early
All I tasted was burnt chicken, first time we went to this location we waited 5mins with young guys just starring at us, they were joking and sighing asking who was going to get the customers . We ended up leaving. It's an older location and I wouldn't go here if you want to continue liking Chipotle
The airport is located very close to the strip and seems to have straight forward directions with the signs. \n\nWe picked up a friend here and it was pretty easy being that it is a small airport. Maybe flying to Vegas can be the next upgrade than making the 4-5 hour drive :)
After several bad experiences this was a nice break.  Thanks to Catharine our server who was very attentive and quick to check on us often!  A big smile and friendly attitude is always nice thanks.  I tried the apricot chicken low fat meal and was pleasantly surprised, it was still of flavor and enough to fulfill my appetite.
The swankiest grocery store in town that isn't Whole Foods or some sort of co-op.  While pricey, attractive people shop there and they have classical piped over the speakers.  Feels like shopping in some alternate America where everybody is hot and milk is one dollar more expensive.
Taste good.  Different than Monta.  Fukumimi has richer and more fusion taste compared to Monta.  Will be back again!
Very good ambience. You have to option of sitting down on mats (no chairs) in traditional Indian style if you like it. The food was pretty tasty too.
It was okay ... Nothing impressive. Not worth the $$ I ordered the hamamazing crepe. Very little ham and Swiss cheese. Filled with more lettuce. Trying to be cheap...
Incredible authentic tacos. Incredibly fresh and homemade ingredients. Their calamari and blackened tacos keep me coming back week after week. Also, very friendly service. I showed up 10 minutes after their posted closing time on a Sunday and they fired up the grill again to make me some take-out tacos.
Great pizza good pasta. The pepperoni muffins and bar b que chicken muffins are the greatest things on the planet. They are so tasty. Staff is super friendly and helpful, they went above and beyond to make my 7 yr old daughter feel special.
I was quite disappointed with their Italian dishes.  Their pizza is pretty good, but the pasta seemed bland.  I was expecting better based on the reviews I'd read.
Food was up to par but an employee in the dining room ruined our experience.  She was on her cell phone during her break being so ridiculously loud. We could barely hear our own conversations.  Completely unprofessional and probably an indication of managements policies. Won't come again.
Kinda weird for a Japanese place to be in a diner ....food was expensive and not that great.   If I'm paying these prices I want good quality.   I'd pass on this place
I've been to a few Targets in town and this one is by far my favorite. They have a great selection, nice and helpful employees, and awesome sales. It's not in the best part of town but the inside is clean and organized. I love this Target!
Incredibly overrated and overpriced. Egos on wheels. Get over it, you're a food truck with mediocre undersized portions. Deluded hipsters.
The beers from heaven! A must go place in Monteal, where the home brew beers will knock your socks off, and not careful enough your panties!
You have to try the meat balls. They are fantastic. He also has a variety of sausages that are out of this world. I am pleasantly surprised to see such great food coming from such a little hole in the wall place.
Really awesome place went for breakfast had the tiramisu waffles and they were to die for!!! Always love these types of restaurants that rethink breakfast and offer more than bacon and eggs
Awesome Burger and great service, do it yourself. Great lunch place before the Cactus Bowl.  Go Dawgs.
Great food!!! Love the Gyro sandwich and greek salad for lunch!!! I know the owners the and they are very friendly to everyone.
Love this joint.  I do take-out lunches here at least once a week or every other.  I usually have the Chicken Pad Thai, Yellow and Red Curries.  Sometimes I'll throw in sticky rice and papaya salad.  I've always been happy with the food here.
not too shabby, but i have had better vietnamese food in china town and even in the rainbow/215 area. if you are in the lake meade/rainbow area, then i would go ahead and get some grub.
what a hell the miso soup and rice! yuck!!!!! That's my soup and rice is wayyyyy better than theirs! But Tempra and Soba were yummy!
Steak was nothing special.   Lobster chowder was good however would not recommend the crab cakes unless you are a lemon fan.
Good pizza ! Service could be a little better.
This place is NOT kid friendly, they state clearly at the table that you can't share food with your child and I'm sorry but my 3 year old is not going to eat enough that they should be worried. Additionally they charged is 3$ for our infant whom we know is really going to just slobber on some rice.
One of my favorite places to eat!! I come here maybe once every other week. I would go more often if it was closer to my house. Their ingredients are organic and always fresh!! It used to be more consistent but I feel as though they have been slacking lately, otherwise I would have given them 5 stars.
Love this place. Service is good, food is great, nice atmosphere (I love what they've done with the building). The habanero salsa is the best hot salsa I've ever had. It actually has an amazing flavor and then BAM the heat kicks in and kicks your butt.
The first hotel I ever stayed at in Vegas.  Brings back great memories.\n\n4 out of 5 stars because:\n\n- still great location, but old\n- wonderful pool area\n\nGreat value :-)
wow, this lady Angelica. She asked me what I wanted and did the opposite. Good thing I look good with short hair. She asked if I wanted my hair short and spiked. I said no and asked her to leave the top so I can slick my hair back. I have short spiked hair now.
Decent breakfast place but a bit expensive. You get better value at Cora and you get better food at Cafe Orange. Still, if you're in the area and want to eat, it's not a bad choice.
shitty! shitty! place!!\ndon't waste your money here. it is worse than motes 6. rooms smell and sheets are dirty and who knows maybe bugs.\ni wasted my money!
I was really excited to try this restaurant as I heard good things.  The food was okay, but everything took FOREVER and they were not that busy.  I probably will not go there again.
Nice local bar in Bruntsfield area , serves good selection of beers/lagers but expensive for both food and drinks. Bar is usually well staffed so not waiting too long to get served or you can have table service if you can get a table.
Mainstream/overrated. Waited 2 1/2 hours just to get into tiesto. . Go to the neighboring clubs forsure. If you are a women trying to wear heels, don't bother because you will take them off in desperation of pain waiting in line.Won't recommend this club If you are trying to party ASAP
This establishment has been here since the late 1980's and used to have one of the best views of the Las Vegas Strip. I only come to this place for dim sum. Their dim sum is decent and priced well. As long as you do not overload with seafood and special dishes your bill should not be that much.
Get the Oreo cheesecake ! Pizza is very good also just expcet to pay 25-30$ for one
A group of 19 of us went here Sunday evening for a birthday dinner. 11 of us got food poisoning. Not a very good birthday present. Needless to say, we called the health department. They are going to be paying them a visit.
Normally love cousins subs. Went there just for a chicken noodle soup. I was waiting 20 minutes, all they had to do was put it in the bowl. I had to remind them I ordered it and it made me late for work. Very upset.
The staff is nice. Big selection. Cleaned and tightened my old pair while I was shopping for a new one.
3.5 stars. I thought this was pretty cool. Fairly inexpensive for adults $18 (cheap for a Vegas attraction). No this isn't the Boston Aquarium or even the Shedd, but it is a nice little aquarium complete with a \"touch tank\" where you can touch some sting rays and horseshoe crabs.
The best Cirque I've been to!  The stage was spectacular and the performers were amazing. Such on the edge of your seat performances that I was grasping my husband's arm at times in fear that someone would lose a life or a limb.\n\nWe loved it!
Kim's service on the patio tonight helped to make it a perfect dining experience! Bacon wrapped filet was perfectly cooked, especially the smokey bacon. The delmonico and lobster tail were delicious, and that butter cake dessert.... Amazing!! No wonder they won an award for it!!
Love this location!
Probably the best burger of all time and the staff is great. Super friendly even at 1am (closing time). I am not a big fan of milk shakes but my friend ordered one and I was thinking about it the next morning, they are that good!\n\nI highly recommend this place.
Try this hidden gem. I haven't had the pasta yet but the pizza is amazing and have been told from friends the pasta is the same.\n\nAfter talking to the owner last month he is suppose to start offering delivery soon.
Excellen authentic Mexican food and the most friendly people ever!
Great church with loving people!  If you're in the area and you want to grow in the grace and knowledge of Jesus Christ you definitely need to stop in!
What a wonderful little shop! The service is fantastic and the owner is so friendly. Try the ranchero breakfast sandwich, it's super tasty!
The museum is designed for kids. They run in front of you for all the activities. If you're there as a family I'm sure the experience is way better. My wife and I enjoyed it but if we were still waking up for Saturday morning cartoons I'm sure it would be more fun.
Friendly staff. Food wasn't the best quality.  For the price, expected higher quality and fresh food.
Great service, better food.
Meh. Had the Celebration (funfetti) and the Red Velvet and they tasted like grocery store cupcakes. The cupcakes are giant but the cake itself was dry and the frosting wasn't much better. No substitute for Sprinkles, that's for sure.
Hidden on the strip, this restaurant is an absolute delight.
Amzing. One of the top 5 in Vegas! maybe the US.
Adrian did a great job cleaning up my yard after our tenant moved out.  The before and after is amazing!  He even fixed our sprinkler lines.  He is coming back monthly to maintain our yard.  We are very happy with his work!
Been eating Yoshinoya since I was little, Im originally from CA and I was stoked to see that one was finally opened here in Vegas! Despite the tricky location and somewhat raised prices, the food is still great (with a slight different taste) but I LOVE this place! Nothing beats a good beef bowl.. :)
One of the worst services I have ever had. They seemed completely understaffed and just oblivious to their customers. Quite sad.
Decently priced drinks, they have 24hr food and gaming. You can Smoke inside they have it separate from the dining room, which is nice! Wasn't to busy its nice inside. I would give it another go around again.
If you're one person, they make a fuss about sitting at a booth, even if they're all empty. Sushi and sashimi are not bad.
Smart move! Great concept! I wish I would have thought of this!
Office and restrooms are very dusty and dirty. Staff is rude and to busy with inside gossip then to help or be even cordial. I was referred by my primary so I drove all the way from the far west valley. To be treated like crap. Love it.
Good steaks and atmosphere overall.
Lucky's is the real deal for NY style pizza. If you don't like that style, don't eat it and then trash it in a review.  They are friendly and quick.  The wings are great because they deep fry them instead of baking them.  Makes a huge difference.  Awesome place.
They screwed up my order. I went to pick it up after the time they told me of 10 minutes and sat there for 20 minutes only to find out they completely left out a pizza and charged me $16 for a SMALL pizza. Nice reminder of why I never go to domino's.
Took forever to be seen even though I was the only one there. When they transitioned to FastMed, no patient info was transferred, had to fill out all the paperwork again. Scale said I was fat. That's it.
Just a bar, nothing that great I'm afraid.
The Vdara is a great property and I recommend it highly.\nSpent over a week and it was great the whole time.\nIts a  new property and the rooms are large and comfortable.\nRoom service was a surprise high quality experience.\nGreat hotel and great staff.
They have a nice dining area but I have to say their food isn't up to par. I recommend The Big Fat Greek restraunt on tatum & shea
every time i order from them it takes more than 30 min and i live less than a mile away. my order is always right minus one time that was wrong
As close as your gonna get to home!!! Old school feel also!!
We went for restaurant week.  Started with an awesome cocktail and the food was amazing.  Short ribs and rabbit was our main courses both were amazing.  I highly recommend this establishment.
Ran out of Malibu Rum and bartender got an attitude when I didn't want a substitute. Kinda ticked me off. Haven't been back there to drink. Good thing their breakfast is good and wait staff is decent. Otherwise, I'd go elsewhere.
Not a bad location and definitely way easier than the Bethany Home and 16th St. Starbucks to get in and out of. Definitely a fan!
Just amazing. Best food ever. Awesome service and locally owned. Tons of vegan options. Cant get sick of this place.
Took my vehicle in and had a pleasant experience at first. After about 10 minutes I could hear the techs screaming and yelling at each other, laughing, and honking the horn of a customer's vehicle. I would not take my vehicle here again.
Friendly service. Famous Bojangles chicken. I always look forward to stopping by here when we have long enough layover in this area. Two more days here means two more times I get to stop by.
Nice change in dining . Fresh and tasty. Great staff. The servings are huge!
This is the weirdest school I have ever been to in my life. The people sometimes talk to themselves in garbled nonsense in the computer clusters. It is good comic relief from the heavy work loads I suppose...\nThe prof's are GREAT though. But the people are bizarre!!!
Lunch buffet is delicious!  If samosas were on the line it would be 6 stars!
The rooftop bar is great for drinks but I wouldn't say it's worth the wait if busy. Their menu is limited and if you ate vegetarian, there is not nearly anything to sample from. Drinks ok. Meh.
Lively,fun, bright atmosphere( as in lights all the way on all night) tons of beer on tap and loooooooots of Scotch. Minus a star it closes at midnight with last call at 11:30.
There are two signs that say they are open 24 hours and I just tried going at 11pm and they were closed! False advertisement. Very disappointed.
Great french toast especially the cinnamon french toast!!!
First impression walking into this Baskin-Robbins was that they seriously needed to mop their floors. Seriously, it was THAT disgusting! The teenagers working seemed less than thrilled to have customers. The ice-cream is the only thing that gets a star here. This place needs better employees and better management!!
Best Seafood in Phoenix! Loved the crab legs and you can make it spicy as you want.  The ribs were also amazing, the meat just fell off the bone!  The services was very good considering how busy it was, and to top it off the price was very good considering what you get. Will definitely be back ASAP!!
$2 drinks Tuesday nights!
Love Jessica for pedicures!! She's amazing. The only down fall us they're always busy so even with an appointment I had to wait 15 min.
They have a nice beer selection in the bar and cute waitresses.
The atmosphere is lovely, the service was super, and furthermore, the food was excellent.  Be hungry when you go, because there is plenty! Lasagne is delicious, not to much of anything in it, just right.  Wines are great
good burger, mediocre fries though.  Lack of combos also.  Service was fine, and it's a good lunch choice if you're staying at the mirage, not too pricey, but not food court food for sure.
My daughter and I tried BJ during a recent shopping trip to Madison. We both enjoyed our bison dogs but have to agree with other reviewers. The service was way to slow. We were the only two people in there and it took 15 minutes to gt our order together. On the plus side I did purchase some dogs to take home with us.
Omg! Best pizza I have had in Arizona in 20 years. Super casual and cozy! You can even bring in your own bottle of wine.
Really only come here once a year on July 4th.  Great staff and good food, definitely a place to stop before watching the firework over Tempe Town Lake / Tempe Beach Park.
I love these girls.... They are super sweet. They were patient and the customer service was amazing. I ordered two flavors back in February for my cousins birthday. They were delicious!!!!!! I will definitely be ordering more  in October for my next trip their for another cousins birthday. Different flavors of course
One of my favorite hang-out spots in Vegas!  My friends and I been loungin' at Firefly since 2005 and I have nothing but praises to say.  Sangria and Mojitos are smooth plus their calamari and paella are delicious.  As I said, I have nothing but praises!!
Great wait staff...really nice.  stopped by for lunch yesterday.  food was ok, nothing special...had the chili. Yummy chocolate malt!
Ordered the BBQ chicken sandwich last night.  I am currently writing this review from my bathroom... because I can't leave...because my stomach is that SICK!!!   Thanks for the food poisoning, Red Robin.
One thing that does really irritate me about TC's is that it's phone is busy so often.  They don't seem to have a system to take multiple calls at once.  I even had the phone company ring me when the line was open and still waiting after one hour.  Weird.
The lobster pho was ridiculously yummy!! I wish this was closer to my house so I could eat it all the time! Open one in Henderson please!!
Love their brunch here, French toast is the best, but absolutely the worst coffee, they could do better by getting it from circle k.  Service is top notch 5 stars if they ever fix the coffee..
This is one of the best burger places in town! If you love burgers and Asian inspired dishes...This is your place. They take your typical American burger and kick it up a notch with great asian flavor. On top of that, they always have great service!
They accuse people of stealing and when you show you haven't done anything wrong they say it was an accident.
Great seafood and an enjoyable atmoshpere! It's always packed and they are still timely with seating, order taking and refills. Crab cakes are a must!
Small, Quaint place.  Great service; she did it on her own!  Good music.  Good drinks.  Good food and games! Neighborhood crowd.  Pro: hot dog stand on the corner.  Con: not good for groups.
This was my first Gyro experience; I wasn't impressed. Since then I've had better Gyros. I don't know what it was, but it just wasn't good.
Make reservations to sit outside near the front of the restaurant so you have a clear view of the Bellagio water fountain show. Order the quiche lorraine and blackberry currant ice tea. The pear salad is yummy too.
It's nice that they are open 24 hours. But this location does not take VIP stamp card - annoying! Also, because they automatic doors, it kept opening every time someone passed by. Would have not been annoying if it wasn't located on the strip. All I heard during my meal were loud and rowdy people and street performers.
Waited a LONG time for them to complete their remodel.  It was well worth it!!\nThe food is amazing!!  \nWonderful hummus, tzadziki, gyros....\nI would highly recommend checking this place out!
Food is amazing!!! Freshly cooked, just give them a little more time to cook or call ahead if your in a rush!
Very nice service and the food will make you feel like your at home.  Watch out for dirty flatwear ands plates.
This is a great hotel. They have an awesome pool. It is in a good location. The maids are always nice and clean the rooms well. The rooms are nice and comfortable. I have come here with my family 3 times and it has always been great.
If I only gave one piece of advice, I'd say: get the hot chocolate!!! Mmm, it's delectable\n\nThe crepes didn't really do it for me but the service/ambience was stellar. I would  \ngo back and try a sweet crepe instead.
We found a bottle cap in our drink, waitress apologized and said manager would come...guess what after 30 minutes no one.  Its obvious they don't care about their clients or cleanliness.  Would never come back.  Be careful next time someone may find a finger in their drink.
I go this Starbucks at least 3 times a week, and Jim and Taylor always take care of. These girls are great. I don't go anywhere else. Everyone knows me by name and knows exactly how I like my drink. Exceptional customer service!
This is a great firm.  They really take the clients needs into consideration.  I definitely recommend them!
Andrea gave me a great massage and my back soreness was eliminated the next day. Great job and relaxing experience.  Thank you!
My first experience at this location was definitely sub-par.  But I gave it another chance... many other chances and it never let me down again!  Plus, this is the only location that does brunch!   A perfect start to a lazy Sunday Huevos Rancheros and a Tequila Sunrise!!
Waited one hour -only one dr scheduled and he only  saw only 2 patients during that time -4 patients ahead of me so I left. \nPlan on sitting on ground while waiting bc only 3 chairs for waiting patients. \n\nThis is a good concept on paper but execution is horrible. Will not  return.
Beautiful shop.  My husband & I have gone to Felice, the owner, for over 20 years.  This is a new location for her shop.   Good service, you won't be disappointed.
We were sent here by comedian Vinnie Favorito after we ran into him and the Flamingo valet.  This place didn't disappoint as it has a very cool atmosphere.  I suggest coming later in the evening and sitting outside on their patio.
Fun pub crawl feel. Excellent beer selections, decent ciders and some wines as well. The pizzas are also quite good. A fun relaxed place to bring a date or friends and relax.
Fair prices, great  people working there. I have had a  wonderful experience every time I go. The technicians cater to exactly what you want and want to ensure you enjoy your visit.
Good Mexican food, salsa bar, big selection of food and drinks.\nCarne Asada burrito is good
I like going to Kelly's after work.  It's hip and such.  I'm not always in the mood for it, but the food is decent and the drinks are well made.  The service is always on point as well. And, the mac'n'cheese is good.
Not to die for, but definitely good stuff.
I love this place! She asks you what you want, thin/thick, and then does a beautiful job. What's even better, is that you can walk in and really never wait long, the prices are really reasonable too.
The duck taco's are amazing, THE best thing there. It's a little pricey and it's decorated like my aunts house from 1992, but otherwise a really nice experience.
Saw this show in November 2008 with friends. Have seen many other Cirque du Soleil shows and this is by far the worst one! There are better shows to see in Vegas. My friend actually started to fall asleep from boredom!!\n\nGo see something else!!
P'tit bar sympa, y'a l'air d'avoir toujours des p'tits concerts avec des artistes locaux ! J'y retournerai !
My buddy raved about this place and how authentic it was.  So I joined him for lunch.  If a rock hard tamale is your idea of authentic then this is the place for you.  $1 beer if you order lunch.
Good place to go to for Chinese authentic meal
Ehh, it was Okay. I didn't purchase anything. Lots to choose from but I am picky on how my fruit and veggies look. These were bottom of the barrel picks. Love how they may be locally grown but ehh, i'll pass on the flies and dirt floor.
Go Bucky!!!!  I've always wanted to be a Badger and am proud to be one!!
Almost five stars! The sushi special not good!! It's not fresh and very simple taste... Everything else delish :)
The staff is so friendly and helpful. Because its a family owned place the take pride in making sure every drink i order is delicious!
Charming cafe and it doesn't matter what you order. Breakfast - Lunch - you can't miss.
Delicious, simple, and cheap!
Great food. Really great pizza.  My Italian friends eat here.\n\n If you are a Domino's person, this is not for you.
Peanut Butter filled pretzels are on my short list of endurance event foods.    The best combination of salty and sweet and caloric density that you need for a long haul. \n\nMmm.....
Simply, best of the best. A true gem of Vegas
a friend and I went here because I had a groupon. service was good and attentive. I believe our server was named Cassie. the mushrooms stuffed with crab were decent,  but the onion and potato omelette was delicious! we also got a pitcher of sangria but it was overpriced. I would go back again.
The broth was good, but our noodles were clumped up at the bottom of the bowl and hard. Not coming back here for sure.
Very good food and saw a great selection of beers. Servers were attentive. Inside could use a bit of a facelift but all in all a very good place.\nWill come again
I order a shot of tequila and it came with a little chaser that was amazing after I ordered a margarita that was delicious. The drinks are great, the prices are steep. The food was very over priced for what it was. I was unhappy with my entrees.
First time eating here.  Burger was fairly good, but the chili was NOT!  It was WAY to oily, bland, and slightly burned-tasting.  I'd be willing to try the chili again, and report back, but right now, my review stands.
Sorry, I was disappointed. Took an out of town visitor there and I am embarrassed. The place was pretty empty would should have been my first clue. I had a combo plate. My cheese enchilada was cold. The chorizo tostada was not bad. Overall, boring food.
My wife recently had some pain in her lower back and called American Chiropractic Center.  The staff was friendly, fast and took care of her problem.  Excellent chiropractor!
I had a steak here.  It was prepared as requested and was ok.  The staff was really nice.  This is an interesting old place.
Delicious.   Thin crust and tasty toppings.  Great prices.  Want to go back to try the white pizza next time.  I'm craving it right now!  Oh yeah - and I LOVE that its a \"secret\".  I've been telling everyone about the secret when I hear they are going to Vegas.
This place is amazing, I've had Thai food quite a few times and have had many different curries! The yellow curry from this place is awesome!!!!!! Also the Larb and Nom Sod was excellent and flavorful!
A first rate golf complex on the beautiful campus of ASU. The clubhouse is well stocked with ASU gear & serves tasty, reasonably priced lunches.
I love this guy he has been my mechanic for 5 years I will not purchase a vehicle unless he approves it and will never get my car serviced with anyone else.    He is like family.    I have never had a mechanic like him.\n\nHe is the BEST!   Comes to your home office anywhere!
This is a store of beauty products that are for laypeople, not professionals.  I like Sally's OK, but I prefer Ulta because they have everything I need.  The staff are helpful and can give you advice on the products.  I like their deals.
Efficient and convenient, as well as not being a rip-off.   I love me some biscuits and chicken, so this always makes for a good purchase whenever I am passing through the airport and have time to eat.
No return on a shirt that shrunk in half when washed in cold water. Seriously I know it's Ross but defective is defective!
This place was a frickin GEM found right closely off the Vegas strip. Authentic, delicious Tibetan/Nepalese food & very testy mango lassie... try the Nepalese dinner (for two) its was perfect, even for 3 people.
I've been to this restaurant twice and enjoyed both times. Much better the first time when I went the first time and ate a hummus wrap with tomato soup. Amazing lunch, great service, nothing to complain about unless you're a health freak!
Terrible.  Way overpriced, worse than it's nearby competitors in every measurable way.
Delicious food. Great place for weekend fun. Awesome Bloody Mary bar on the weekends. Great patio when it's warm outside. I go here a lot and highly recommend it.
very friendly staff, food is very good for its price, and sweet potato fries is awesome!
A place the whole family loves.  We usually order pizza, but often get a side of wings!
Am from the east coast so I tried the small lobster roll.  For $7.95 I got celery and onion on a hotdog bun and needed a magnifying glass to find the lobster.  DEFINITELY not worth the money!!
First of all the portion of the food definitely does not equals to the price they charged, food was okay, don't expect the service is any better, you serve yourself, at the end there is a 15% mandatory tips.
This place just bored me.\nReally don't know what to say.\nBored, bored, bored, bored, bored.
Solid rotisserie chicken. I went here because Ramados was closed due to a fire. It was my first Portuguese chicken experience in Montreal. I dig the simple, straightforward, approach. Expectations were met. Not \"blow your mind awesome\", but rock-solid for sure.
The food was pretty good. But one of the employees there named Diana was the best!! She deserves 2 raises. She's got it goin on... She be parkin lot pimpin in her dunks!
Had a decent dinner for a decent price (Thursday was $18.99). Buffet lines were dog-eat-dog, people can be really rude, but the staff was professional and friendly and the food was plentiful and good. I'd do it again.
Good food for the price, great rice, beans and their gourmet shrimp tacos made to order
The burgers here are awesome.  Try the green chile fries and you will love them!  Great add to the Gilbert downtown area.
Worth the wait!
I was searching for new places to try out; I came across BFG. I ordered the panko covered fried chicken strips and mac & cheese. The chicken strips were tasty but I had to wait a little bit so it wouldn't burn my mouth. The mac & cheese was good and creamy. The staff were friendly.
Surprisingly good. Never had a piece of soy with so much flavor. I highly recommend.
The smoke comes in from the patio from all the smokers. The food is pretty good, the beers are a bit over priced.
Tree of Life Pita!!! Just as good the second time. Also tried the watermelon water, possibly the best thing I have had in a very long time :) Thanks Chef Peter and David
If you want to have a bagel don't go here.  We routinely drive past this store to one several miles further away because this store runs out of pretty much everything early and doesn't seem to care at all.  If you just want a quiet place to study or read it's probably good enough.
Expensive, but worth it (occasionally). Great service and outstanding and interesting food.
HORRIBLE place, food was absolutely disgusting. Greasy burger for like 15 dollars. I definitely said why did I eat here in my head after I left
Pro's:  Pretty tasty subs, everyone inside was friendly, and it was ready in a jiffy.  \nCon's:  They are not \"allowed\" to give you a side of peppers, or anything for that matter.  They have to put it on the sandwich.  Huh?  Soda was flat.
Decent buffet and ok spread. Really liked that they had Pho. A big plus there. Other than that is a slightly better than average Vegas Buffet.
this place was really cute. the food was really good. went with a group of 8 on a saturday morning. called ahead for the wait time and was seated right around the time they said the wait would be. definitely recommend this place.
Food was cold and dry, waffles over cooked, pancakes under cooked, price of $30 for brunch DEFINITELY NOT WORTH IT.\n\nBetter selection of desserts, but odd combinations of fruit soured their taste.
Ordered a Lemon cupcake, it was moist and delicious. The store was clean & the staff were sweet.
Mer... Not a good selection for the buffet. Unless you want chicken, chicken, and more chicken. Food was dry, so I chopped up with lots of hot sauce. Cheap prices. So I guess you get what you pay for.
Food is decent. But the hostess is simply awful. She is rude and mean and surprisingly makes the whole experience negative. \n\nWe will not be returning because of her.
Pretty young crowd. Drinks are good but service tends to be slow. Don't plan on getting in and out of here quickly.
Went to this vegetarian restaurant with a group. Friendly staff and good interior. The menu was a good variety of choices and a good wine list with a multiple per glass options. Restaurant was full when we left which is always a good sign.
Very efficient and a good value.  I booked online just prior to flight departure.  Good directions to get to the shuttle, very short wait and in the hotel in less than 30 min from  landing (no bags).  On departure they were actually a few minutes early for pickup but sent a text telling me they were waiting.  Would definitely use Super Shuttle again.
Most delicious toffee ever tasted. The variety of flavors to choose from  Is made to perfection which  certainly satisfies the sweet tooth. I first discovered the toffee at the Bruce Trent Farmers Market.  I also like the fact I  buy online to share with family and friends for those special occasions.  :)
Don't bother. Just google your problem and you can diagnose yourself better and more accurately.
I love the selection and variety and the prices are cheap.
Went in, one other party was there. Their poppers were cold, they said they could heat them up for me. You don't heat popper, they are double the price and half the size of Teharu in Scottsdale. \n\nSurprisingly the iced green tea wasn't very good.
There's a reason why this place is closed.....\n\nI guess I'll leave it at that, since apparently I'm a bit too late to review it while it was open.  I just hope that the restaurants in the other cities due a better job with the food.
I don't even like cake, but these cupcakes are delicious. I take my kids for special treats and it's a fun place. The staff is super nice, too. The Red Velvet cupcakes are good, the cherry ones are delicious, the chocolate marshmallow are yummy, I could go on and on! Love it!
Hands down best pizza in town. Everything was perfect! Service was great!
Not a bad place get a lot of Mexican food for your money. My one meal was enough food for lunch and dinner. Stick with chicken - I recommend either the grilled chicken tacos or the fajitas.
they had the WORST OLD waitress I have ever dealt with in my life! Blonde OLD lady with a cocky attitude! She was RUDE as hell! She would be the main reason I will never go to this hotel again!!!
I went there on a friday morning with my friend for lunch. We both got the pork ribs. they were great, service was really good and  portions were great. Not too big, not too small. I would love to try their dinner next time I'm around.
Don't use these people!! They will ruin all your furniture! They will try to move your stuff at midnight. I'm pretty sure they are all drug addicts! What a waste of money!! The owner was a complete jacks ass!!
Abysmal and outdated accommodations, weak service and completely overpriced. Massive fail.
As a gyro lover I have to say YUMMY & TASTY! Over-stuffed, just the way I like'em! The only drawback here is that they keep it cold in their restaurant. Bring a jacket,
We live near here service is always pretty good and my husband and I enjoy having a place to walk I and feel comfortable with good prices and shot recommendations!
Decent burger. Overpriced,  but that's what you get at the airport. Fries were not fresh and were not warm.
Great view. Great drinks. Great apps. A little pricey, but very fair for the location and the view. A must do for Vegas.
The staff is very friendly...
The food is just bland, and this is not ok when you sell $20 plates of noodles. Absolutely no reason to go to this place, even if you feel like chinese food.
We had heard about this restaurant on line and via mouth.   We drive 4 hours to a concert.  Arrived at. 11:53 and they sent us away.   Soooooo disappointed.  Service and personalities of staff was awful!
While initially upset that they were not on time, I did not know that it is a two person company. Still not pleased at the lack of communication, but Mike and Suzanne try their best to ensure each customer is thoroughly taken care of to a point of satisfaction. Unfortunately, parts had to be ordered, but such is life. Give these guys a chance.
Wow. Thursday night and this place was dead. Lights really bright, bartender seemed to be more concerned about where she was going after work, than working. Don't think this place is gonna make it much longer
Great sandwiches. If you're looking for quirky fun conversation don't bother with the employees. I mean after all....they are just there to handcraft an awesome sandwich with taste and diversity. Yummy!!!!
The most dependable upscale restaurant I know in Phoenix. First-rate dishes, like melt in your mouth osso bucco and a huge and delicious veal chop, at reasonable prices. Reservations essential. Don't miss their calamari.
The food was excellent as always but the service definitely has to improve, this was the second time in a row that it took long for refills and the appetizers came out at almost the same time as entrees. The food is so good that it's worth it though.
Typical Sbarro pizza but when you're hungry and the other stuff is closed there's nothing better than average pizza. Pizza was alright but kind of greasy and it was entertaining watching the one employee awkwardly trying to flirt with the woman ahead of me in line with her husband right there.
Good Greek delicacies and culture. Can't wait til next years festival. OPA!
Pharmacy review only: I understand the pharmacy is busy but if I'm on hold for 20 minutes on the phone, I think it means you are under staffed. Why can't someone pick up the phone and at least say they will be with me shortly?
Had the happy hour sushi specials, but the roll selections were so-so, most of them were filled with cream cheese or mayonnaise. The nigiri sushi was better, but not the best I've had. It is a decent place for a quick bite though, just don't expect the most authentic or highest quality.
Came here with the 4 for $40 deal where 4 people can share a family style pasta, salad and bread.  It's a pretty good deal, the catch is that none of the pasta dishes that you can choose from have meat, so it's pretty much a vegetarian meal.
The food here was alright, not the best I've had, but the service my family got was absolutely horrible! They were extremely rude and very UN attentive. The portions also weren't too big. Will only come back if all the other pho places in AZ are closed..
For it to be called a steakhouse, there certainly wasnt a lot of flavor. I ordered a bleu cheese steak and it tasted like nothing... no bleu cheese flavor, no steak flavor.
The trip to the location takes two busses and the wait was do long we cancelled our reservation and took a taxi ... Don't waste your time and effort on this dump!
I usually love bk, this one is sub-par. I'm pretty sure they don't change their oil enough. I also received a much smaller double cheeseburger than I expected. The thing was kids sized. Bad value overall. They also shorted us on the cold-fries.
Old school Fremont St , free picture with the Million dollars is worth a few minutes of your time . I took off and returned later at night to pick mine up during the light show intermission .They have some new slot machines and good table gaming .
I travel a lot for business so initially the name did not inspired me to try it. I was wrong. The food is excellent. Every time I have been there on Sundays for lunch there were more Indians as patrons than westerners, that would give credit to my \"best Indian in town\" ranking.
One of my favorite sushi places. The waitresses are always on point and are engaged with what they do. The happy hour is superb and leaves little to be desired. Perfect corner location to soak in the sights of north Scottsdale, definitely a must visit place.
Always great service and great hair cuts, my son and husband both got there haircuts here a few days ago and the lady did great.  Only place I go for my haircuts as well,  that is reasonable considering salons are expensive
oxtail soup ad garlic saut\u00e9ed string beans are to die for, when Red 8 is closed Wazuzu next door at Encore is right around the corner.
I'M SO HAPPY!!! To have La Grande Orange in terminal 4! I had a wonderful green chile cheese burger and craft beer. The boys had lovely pizzas. Makes those pre-flight jitters so much easier to handle. Looking forward to breakfast in the future.
Mediocre at best, cafeteria style taste, nothing special. The fries, pickle, and milkshake outshined the burger completely.
Not the worst sushi I've ever had in my life, but far from the best. I don't consider myself a prude, but do find the selection of music (all revolving around sex) a bit odd for 2pm on a Thursday....
My favorite Coffee Plantation, although I miss the one at the Biltmore!! Coffee is way better than Starbucks!! For a great local coffee place, come here!!
Love your restaurant but please get rid of the cheap sriracha sauce from china. I won't eat anything from china. Use the real red rooster sriracha sauce please. Anything else is cheap looking and it doesn't match your restaurant.
Just got a gel French manicure and unfortunately the look is not sharp.  I don't know if is recommend this joint
It's AMAZING! Their shrimp po' boy is delicious!!! And last night was my first time having their peach cobbler.... It was marvelous!!! Definitely worth the drive!
A little pricy if you want something in a nontraditional size, but other than that, this place is great. Friendly and helpful staff, great location, and fast.
This is the worst Check in experience!\nOk stay.\nIn room dining kept messing up on orders\nRoom clean and updated.
There is really good food here. Have no complaints about it but it could have been warmer. Food was a little cold for my taste but will be coming back. It was really good.
There was no one at the bar so I walked out.  That is all
One of the best buffets been too that catering to the vegan or allergic community \nIncluding variety of Indian dishes and made to order gluten free pizza and gluten free desserts...---really made us happy to feel welcome .\nEven The executive chef came out to answer questions.
FUCK YES!!! SO GOOD... My GF & I had everything possible.. even the secret cotton candy which I loved bc it was Grape flavored.. and yes im part blk ^__^
Stopped here on 7/31/2014. The owner waited on my husband and I. The service was great and the ice cream was even better. I will be returning very soon to try the banana cream pie flavor. Great hours too.
Always have a good time when we go here, gets freakin' busy during Happy Hours! HUGE selection of TV's! sooo many you dont know what to watch!
Always a good sub sandwich, great staff.
I travel nearly an hour to get my dental services completed by the dental office of Brian McMurtry and staff. They always do a great job!
As a non-drinker, I love loitering at this bar.  Great for avoiding that awkward peer pressure moment.
Good live music on the weekends, the food is good, and the staff is friendly.  My only negative here is that they frequently seem to be understaffed on busy weekend nights which leads to slower service and stressed out waitstaff.
Bad customer service by the Spanish girl in the front.  They are very rude here and they do not believe in customer service nurses what their mission statement is he said he didn't even know what it was.  Terrible. ..
Best smokehouse I have ever been to. The spicy BBQ sauce is so good on their smoked pulled pork sandwich and the Mac n cheese is amazing. Will definitely be back here!
Wonderful store and products.  I felt like the service was a bit overbearing.  Sometimes it is just nice to browse.  I felt like I could not even look and consider a purchase because the associate was right there.  The Biltmore location is much more laid back in this regard.  I still love you L'Occitane.
Great place to go after work. The food is fast and reasonably priced. They also have a great house plum wine!
If you want best bang for you money and good Mexican foods, go somewhere else. First time ordering carne asada fries here and was very disappointed. They gave me half of what other shops are giving in their orders and charged the same price as other places around town. Wouldn't come back here again
Luv luv this place! Great food, decor, local crowd and staff! Must try all of the yummy menu and the best Mac n cheese ever!  To Vegetarians out there...they are extremely veg friendly...tofu rules at Kelly's. Thank m for great service and night!
I mainly come hear because I Hate fry's.  BB is freindly service and fair prices on whatever tech gizmo you are after.  They do get all my recyclable electronics.
I'm not a big Chinese food person But this is by far the best Chinese food Their staff is also so friendly I come At least once a week.
Where have you been all my life. If you are not making your burgers yourself, this is tied with Fatburger for the best burgers around but the fries sets it apart, making this the best,
Love coming here, wish Vegas had more bars/lounges like this.  They have a unique cocktail menu and change it seasonally!   Love the music (downtempo trip hop) and the semiprivate booths are always fun to be in.
I don't need to write a long one here.  It's very simple, Asian twist on American Fav.  The difference?  They do it better that any similar place I've eaten at before.\n\nIn short, Good Eats.
Just left. Terrible service. Ordered a beer and 2 waters. Waters came. Waitress never came back. Kept trying to make eye contact with anyone other servers. Nothing. Got up and waves at waitress goodbye. Still nothing. It's not even busy in there.  Blonde waitress. No one resembling a manager around.
Food was good, but I won't  go back as they don't let customers use their restroom. Instead they direct you to the Hilton. But I'm your customer, not the Hilton's.
One of the worst dj ever: same music twice, cut songs and strange version of known tunes ! Decoration of the place was really funky ! Try their cocktails with sloche/alcohol !
Fresh Vegan (cold raw food). Great taste and creativity. I had the Pad Thai and it was delicious. Only it didn't taste anything like real Pad Thai. Nice beer choices. Juices and other 'healthy' beverages are expensive.  All in all I would go again and I recommend you all to try it.
Dim Sum give me some ! Love this place it is my place of choice for yumminess and the price is reasonable in comparison
I found this place on yelp...and it was as good as everyone said. Best pedicure ever. The place was busy...which obviously means others love this place as much as I do. I can't wait to go back. Ask for Bena!
Disappointed today. They have thousands of records piled up in the back and not a big selection on the sales floor. Geez, I would volunteer my time just to get to those things out on the floor. We go weekly and have seen nothing new in two weeks. Lots of money to spend :-(
Clean, cheap and close to Las Vegas BLVD. Service when we arrived was good but later on was not as good different person. Would stay there again tho.
Been here twice and both times had to wait forever for our food even though the place was dead. Food is good if you have the time to wait.
Delicious as usual, but this location is way super packed!  And can be a warzone to exit the parking lot back onto Tropicana.
Tasty and authentic.
Good breakfast food, but the drinks are completely overpriced.
I believe I got the chicken noodle soup when it was a special. It was full of veggies and noodles and tasted alright. The place had an odd smell inside which made me not want to eat there. Nothing to write home about.
My nails lasted about 1 week then started chipping off (acrylics) charged me $30 for horrible quality I will NOT be back.
Ok the food is typically pretty good but i have a hard time paying $10-11 for fast food mexican.
This place is awesome! The pita I had (the firefighter) was delicious, huge, and at a great price! The inside of the restaurant is newly renovated and inviting.  The service is excellent also! Check this place out!
I went here for the first time last week because my friend had recommended the place. Not impressed at all. The guy was having issues getting my old nails off and was really rude about it and made comments about them to the girl sitting next to him the entire time. Not professional at all and I WONT ever be going back there.
We enjoyed delivery service from this joint and were NOT dissapointed!  The pizza is HUGE (could have been my ordering mistake) as well as delicious.  We are absolute fans and now consider them our first pick for pizza in the E. Valley.
Descent microbrew.  My sliders were pretty good.  She got the chicken pot pie which was soupy and disappointing.   I'd like to give them a better review but sending out chicken soup with some puff pastry on top shows a lack of quality.
I came into this place with high expectations. Boy was I disappointed, over-priced chicken fingers. Felt like chicken tenderloins that were put in oil. For the price, not worth it.
Horrible buffet for such a large hotel and at $30.00 a person it should be at least good. At least our waitress was very hospitable and quick. You know you are in trouble when dessert is not good.
What a great combination of Authentic Mexican and Tex Mex.  The wait staff is great, the food is excellent, the bar specials are good, and the overall experience is solid.  The parking is somewhat of a challenge, but you just work through it.
Rude Representative on the phone!!! I can't believe that she hang up on me!!
great hotel and even better buffet. Wynn/encore is the place to stay.in Vegas
A great place to find the gift for the hard to buy for person. I could also find lots of thing for the not so hard to buy for, myself!!! Great staff and wonderful place to shop!
omg.  the best garlic bread and salad i have ever had.  this place is a valley icon.  i reccommend it.
Best bagel and delicatessen in town!\n\nChompies Rocks!
Their Lunch Buffet is nice, their North Indian dishes are really really good...Good Ambience.. \n\nThe dosa is also nice but huge... Basic veggies like okra are just ok...but the paneer and cholle etc are really nice...
Quite disappointed. The meats served cafeteria-style were decently price but very bland. We ordered the mac and cheese that was also bland. The drinks were interesting and good. They do not skimp on the booze.\n\nI was hoping for a good barbecue experience. Sadly this was not it.
Worst ER experience.  Does STANDARD PRECAUTIONS exist in this hospital?  No actual ER MD on duty.  Every patients were seen by a NP. \"Wait, I thought this hospital was a trauma hospital?\" ?????? Enough said!
A great combination of Chinese culture!\nReally love it!\nFeel sorry that it will be gone after December
They hit the nail on the head at Fate: the craft beer, artisan pizza, and chill atmosphere definitely make it an enjoyable place to go eat and hang out. I recommend the capicola pizza with the pale ale. Get a flight of 5 your first time, of course.
Went on a Monday night with a friend who knew the bartender Jeremy so maybe my experience is a little bias, but the service, fiilm, and beer was beyond great. The vintage seats are grimy and probably filled with bed bugs but if you're like most of the hipsters that go here you probably won't care.
Had the orange chicken & sesame chicken combo's. Both meals were bland and tasted exactly the same. The crab rangoons were good. Egg rolls were ok.
This was my first time using a home cleaning service and I'm glad I did. My service was great! I had Latoya. She was very detailed and used her time wisely. I'll definitely use this company again.
Yes, this place will greet you with it's awesomeness.  I didn't know what to do the minute I walked in.  So SO overwhelmed.
Saw this place on my way home from the gym. The family that's owns this place is adorable and super sweet! Tammy gave me a mani and I have no complaints. She spent extra time making sure all my gross cuticles were gone and was a total gem!
My friend LOVES this place, but I really don't get what makes it so special... cheesy garlic knots weren't good, pizza was over priced and the service was so so. I won't go again.
Tv connection in all the rooms is a joke. Dirty bathroom, over priced room service food and average casino. Look elsewhere for this price range.
Looks like this location gets really busy since it's downtown and across from McGill.\n\nThey didn't get my order right.  I ordered a coffee and tea, but they gave two coffees and a quart of milk (huh?).  The doughnuts are great, like at other Timmy's.
Went here last night.  The food is the same good quality but the service was disappointing.  They were severely understaffed and at full capacity. It took about 10-15 minutes to take our order, plates were cleared at a slow rate, and we had to flag down staff for drink refills.
This location is CLOSED- out of business as of Aug 2011
Stephanie does the best I have ever had on my nails, every time, hands down.
Not too impressed, ordered the hot roast beef sandwich and received a cold sandwich I could make at home. Had two bites and couldn't eat the rest... Just gross...
We ordered the brisket tamale and it was unlike any tamale I have ever had (not in a good way.) The masa was mushy and flavorless -- something was off. I had high hopes for this place but was disappointed.
we went there with no expectations and wow we loved it. Sooo much tasty quality food.
The eel roll was good. So was the spicy salmon roll. But that Los Vegas roll was no good. I could not taste anything but cream cheese and rice! Bleghhh. Kona grill was definitely better. And surprisingly cheaper.
AWFUL pizza, soggy with rock hard crust. Thin amount of cheese, wet veggies on top. Like frozen pizza!  The service was okay, though.
My husband said we got the worst pizza we ever ate there one night.  We tossed the soggy mess, and when i called back the next day the manager said i had waited too long to call and he wouldn't make it good
For a place with Sushi in it's name, the sushi was disappointing.  Rolls only, no nigiri, no sashimi, no custom orders.  The noodle dishes were OK.
Best ramen I've had in a very long time. I tried it with butter and fresh garlic-amazing! I like the spicy broth but no chicken. Great portions too. It's a must try!
Amazing place. best sushi in Vegas for sure,the chef (owner) is supper cool,service 5 star quality 5 star ..I mean I drive across the city 3times in one week to eat in thus place...
Really old school.  Breakfast was good and the service was awesome!  My wife and I will be back.
Ginger dragon. 'Nuff said.\nThe coffee is pretty good too.\n\nCome here to chat, it's a bit loud.
We go here for our waxing and hair needs. This salon is fantastic and Tayor the aesthetician is amazing she is the main reason we keep coming back.
All this place has going for it is its location. It is conveniently located for hungry people. The most significant problem is the employees. They should just put in a chipotle.
As good as it gets!  Ask for Anna she does an incredible manicure and pedicure.  Very relaxing.
I went there during the \"Montreal poutine week\" , their brisket poutine was so good, the meat was very tasty, however, the service was slow , we had waited about half an hour to have the poutine and there are not many tables, so maybe takeaway is better.
I went for breakfast and I wasn't amazed. I found my self going to the buffet multiple times to try and find something descent. I took little bites of my meal fearing I wouldn't like it. I definitely will not be back for breakfast.
This just opened last summer and boy was I glad to see it--fast, inexpensive, good food, VERY friendly owners/clerks, even gave me a comp spanakopita to try to get me \"hooked\"!  I would eat here all the time if I lived in town.
Slow and expensive. Food was normal ihop.
Love this place. At breakfast here twice. Consider yourself lucky if you have Yaeko as your waitress. She is attentive and polite like none other. All the food comes out perfect and is priced right. Great spot. Hard working staff.
Insane seafood buffet. Oysters and crabs overload. Copious amounts. If seafood is your thing, this is your place.
Went here with some guys from work.  Very good food, great atmosphere.  We sat at the bar and got to watch our food being made.  Will definitely go back and try other dishes.
Best sushi and reasonable price for the \"eat all you can sushi\" deal.  Just didn't like the sushi chef we had that time.  We were sited in the sushi bar it seems that he is rushing us and yelling when we were ordering.  I will definitely go back there and bring some more business there.  Thanks!
Busy place ~ pretty clean ~ friendly enough staff. Pretty predictable ~ good food for reasonable prices.\n\nIt a blessing to have a nice inexpensive place nearby.  : ) KC
Yummy fish if your in the mood for this. I had the macadamia nut crusted Mahi Mahi.  very delicious and the fish was just cooked just right. Awesomeness!
Delicious food, great service, quiet atmosphere... This is our go-to place!
Great place, great location, and for downtown EXCELLENT parking. The food was wonderful.  And despite the fact that every table seemed to be filled with holiday office parties, we were seated and served quickly.
Craving for a soda not in can, but in a bottle, you must come here.   They have all sorts of different soda, root beer, cream soda, retro soda, and even international soda.  Prices were not the best, but they do offer various selection.  Excellent place to stuff a gift basket!
Sorry Joseph I don't agree! Try the mushroom quesadilla. It is outstanding and more than an ample portion. Hands down a favorite spot! The guacamole is excellent too as is the shrimp tamale.
Scott came out to our place today and fixed a computer networking problem that we had in no time flat and got our business back up and running!! Thanks again for your great services
Full of history...\nA long walk to parliament...\nLess touristy side (of the Mile)....
Toujours aussi bon, bruyant et tr\u00e8s \u00e9tudiant, amis toujours aussi bon et diff\u00e9rent des autres restos de Montr\u00e9al.
THE MAC AND CHEESE.\nAdd the bacon and jalape\u00f1o tho. Oh and the chai is  especially with any baked good, but really ANY cause it's all that good. Oh and it's just super cute inside.
The bar and patio makes this place ! great atmosphere, host was very nice and professional. Service was okay. Food is good, not great . I would definitely recommend trying it! even if it's just for drinks at the bar.
China a go go will fix that Chinese food craving, but is it the best, no, def not the worst either.  My biggest problem is that the prices don't match the food.  Maybe if prices were a tad lower and the egg drop soup were better...
Still blah after all this time.
The food was typical habachi style. No yum yum sauce. A bit over priced, but what I expected for a casino restaurant.
The food was ok but the service was below average.  Our waitress prefered cleaning over serving us.\n\nThey state that all the sauces are home made but even the cook was clueless on what was in the sauces because they're not 100% home made.
Get ready to wait for an hour just to sit down and eat, the service is horrible the buffet looks is half empty but for some reason it takes forever to be seated
Absolutely great venue to see a show!  I attended a private party Thursday night with Edwin McCain as the performer and was so impressed.  The food was good, the space was really nice and intimate for a show and the staff seemed great!
Great noodle soups!
Hey guys salmon rocks, mushy over cooked broccoli...\nBummer. \nStill love it here, fucking starving! \nErrrrr....
Cool place - great service from our bartender, great atmosphere and great happy hour = recipe for success!  Aaron May knows how to do it!
Dim sum was ok.  Chung Funn was not good.
This place is unsuspecting, but the sushi is amazing!  Every roll I had was incredible and fresh.  Definitely my new go to for take out in the area.
Open play from 11:30-1. This is a great rainy day activity. You need to wear socks so make sure to bring them. They do sell them for $1.00 if you don't have any with you. You can also jump with your kiddos and they do not charge the adults to jump.
Exellent Barber Shop!!! I recommend Mr. Mike
Love this place! A must stop for anyone downtown needing a snack or a drink! Very good happy hour and unbelievable flavor combinations.\nOn my last visit, I was pleased to try some happy hour toasts and fish and chips. Zero disappointment.
All hail the wall of 100. For those not in the know, this is a wall of wine for less than ten bucks each. Genius! And the staff is so great, that they helped me win a wine tasting party contest: they sold me the winning wine. Genius again!
Pizza was great, homemade sausage - very good - service was great - so happy we finally stopped here
Delicious!!!! Great omelet, I'm stuffed!!!! Also great customer service and smiling faces, I would definitely come back!!!
First time going here and it's absolutely uhhhmazing! The staff is beyond friendly and super helpful. I will definitely be going back very soon. A must try while downtown.
Location is obviously great. However, hotel was very impersonal. Staff at counter was not very welcoming. Internet was not free.Does not really meet Wes tin's standards in my opinion
Good stuff here! Good Sangria!  We went here for dinner on a Friday evening and found a table relatively quickly. Chicken enchilada was pretty good and really don't have any complaints about the place.  Service and food were good. Would return.
Imagine a frozen food section hamburger, microwaved, tastes like middle school cafeteria meat, and charged $12 for it!\n\nI may be hammered from alcohol, but don't try to pull the wool over my eyes. It tasted like sh*t!!!
I wouldn't give then even one star. I came to buy a pair, but the attitude of sales people made me change my mind. I was adviced to buy shoes here for its know comfort, but truly I ll take my money somewhere else. Very disappointed, it was supposed to be a quick purchase.
Pizza was great, the craft beer selection was extensive and the ability to sample was welcomed. Definitely my new craft brew bar!!! And they are open on sunday afternoons unlike other bars in the area.
amazing pizza and desserts and super salads. so worth going.
im wondering how much the laser hair removal deals are on the group on, i can't seem to find this company on groupon , can anyone help me I'm new to this city thanks in advance mary!
I've come to Dillon's several times since I moved to Phoenix in 2000. The food is good and wait staff is friendly. I'very attended several work luncheons here and there is space to hold parties. My favorite is the BBQ Burnt Ends. Worth trying Dillon's at least once.
Very beautiful. Service some times is great. You have to stand around looking for valet or super slow food. \n\nFor some reason phone service is spotty in hotel room. Not sure why this is. \n\nYou can find rooms for $90 /night if you look often on sites
yummburger!!!  stopped here for breakfast and glad I did, great food and great service. My girl went with the pancake upgrade, definitely go with some red velvet cakes, thumbs up on those. They had a few different options that sounded sooo good. Definitely check them out
Wow! Great service! Their web page is user friendly and they have around 30-40 different restaurants. I ordered my lunch online at 11:45 and received it at 12:15 - that was quick:) Thanks for the speedy service! And my lasagna was super hot and delicious! I will definitely be using them again!
Bad management , Bad ownership. I will not recommend this place to anybody. They treat their employees like shit. I will never go back to this Jason's Deli.
Not sure why there is such bad reviews. ..i got a pedicure it was relaxing and professional.  The polish was put on great not sloppy. ..only reason I did not do 5 stars cause they don't allow tips on credit card...bring cash for their tip
This place is amazing! Great service, friendly staff, and gorgeous architecture. \nThanks to all the staff at Aria, we plan to celebrate many more anniversaries here.
I love the familia pizza pie!!! Must try it.
I don't get the HYPE.  It didn't taste right.  Never going back
Wonderful!  Wait for an outside table. Eggs Benedict was amazing!
I love this place! We come here so much its like Norm walking into Cheers. They have great Sushi and the food is awesome. If you haven't been here you got to try it once. If you try it you will fall in love with how friendly they are here. Come see how good it is!
This cleaners has become an over priced poorly managed cleaners. if you are an Ahwatukee person. . The people here are fantastic...but the end result is horrible cleaning.  My suit was shiny and pants BURNT!!  Scary...is received. Iunderstand why they want money in advance.
Pei Wei has to be one of the best fast food places.  Quality food, consistently good and usually taste the same in any one of thier shops.  Friendly service and alwasy tasyt food.
food was good our service was not
The KALB I WAS not at their best..\n\nKalbi was over cooked, it felt like it was boiled because It was too chewy. \n\nI was very hungsry, yet wasn't able to finish.
Such a cute little place! Their food is very good and fresh. They offer happy hour almost all day long and the outside is pet friendly. I def would recommend their bruschetta! Only con is that it's small, hopefully they will expand!
The establishment is clean.. A little too dark for a sports bar.  Food is pricey and service is not the best.  The facility is large enough for big groups though
Great attention!!! I'm not into expensive make up or much of facial painting, but had to buy a gift for a MAC Fan. The variety of colors adjust more the pale skin than mine. Anyway you can get to try and open all those pots and lip gloss tubes! Enjoy!
Dropped in last night. Had excellent service and great prices (It was almost 7:00pm so we caught the end of happy hour). The pizza was great, as were the salads and drinks. I will definitely be back!
They ran out of CHICKEN!!!!!!  Had to wait 20 minutes. Nuff Said. \n\nMichael was the manager btw. I vote for him being the worst manager of all time. Do I have a second? \n\n This location should be named Kentucky Forgot Chicken
Got the fish tacos and can't even describe how amazing they were. So fresh and flavorful. Beans were ok and same with the rice. But honestly those fish tacos were amazing I would donate an organ for them
Can't go to Pittsburgh and not try one of their sandwiches! A bit overrated in my option though... Sandwiches are huge, but the fries they stuff the sandwiches with are very dry and soggy, and not crispy at all! This is definitely one of those restaurants you go to, just to say you have!
This sushi place is perfect for downtown. The location is convenient and clean. The sushi is tasty certainly not the best, but definitely crave-able. The sushi is made fresh daily and is consistently delicious. If you work downtown and love sushi, this is the place for you!
Kool spot. Custom brews and awesome snacks. Not sure if they have a happy hour though or if so when...
Nice atmosphere and service is great!
Stopped in at 5:30 for a quick dinner. Place was nearly empty except for a few regulars at the bar. Service was prompt and the food was fine. Nothing too remarkable.
One of the nicest hotels I have stated at ever. This was my fifth trip to vegas and decided to stay off the strip for a more laid back option. This was beyond any of my expectations.
I saw nothing at all that appealed to me. Most of the clothes were the kind that women over 50 wear. The incense was also appalling. The reek gave me a headache.
Looks can be deceiving! This was the best manicure and pedicure I have ever had. Walking in I was a little nervous by the look of the place.... But the professionalism and the quality of service was way above par.
Typical bar food. Good burgers. \n\nIt gets extremely crowded on Wednesday evenings for half-price wine night. Be wary. If you're going for food on a Wed, show up by 6:30. Otherwise you'll never get a table.
I love this place. Andrew is the best barista! He's super friendly and always makes my decaf extra large horchata frozachino just how I like it!
This airline was not to bad overall \nThe flight was on time for me and the Service was good as well.\nThe only thing is on the domestic flights they charge you for more the 1 small carry-on. \nThey need to be a little bit more organized as far as flight times and arrival
Amazing and authentic. Next level, not your average Mexican restaurant.
Horrible setup.  Probably wouldn't come back. Food okay. Doesn't live up to Sahara location. No beef option.
Great for date night or lunch with the kids. The name says it all...anything with pesto is excellent.  Prices are reasonable especially for the quality.  We've been there 3 times now and will definitely go back.
Their sandwich helped me transition quickly from \"HUNGover\" to food coma + Family Guy episodes.\n\nIt didn't taste very good, but it did the trick at a low price.
Lunchbox has a great selection of new and used. Every time I go I want to spend all the money in the world, but sadly I can't. Lunchbox Records is easily Charlotte's best record store.
I order 2 pizzas and the beer batter apitizer today. The pizza wasn't that great and the beer batter apitizer was soggy. I can't believe I paid 40$ for this pizza.
Always good.
Terrible customer service. Took my brand new car for a wash and their machines scratched all my paint. When I pointed out to them what happened they just blew me off. I wouldn't go there ever. BAD BUSINESS!!!!!
Standard, unimaginative pizza and other Italian food. I have been here a few times and have no desire to go back. You can do worse, but you can also do much better.
Very casual setting.  Close to divvy.  Friendly service.  Tomato sauce based salsa.  Not really authentic.  Too tomatoey.  Chicken quesadillas and mini tacos were good but nothing special.
Delicious and healthy food! I am all about eating healthy and cutting out pesticides and this place fits the bill. Their food is fresh and delicious and they have a wide range of foods to fit many different diet choices. I will definitely come back. The only drawback is the vegetarian options are a little more expensive then most other places.
Overpriced, mediocre sushi restaurant that only knows how to sell atmosphere and presentation. The service was good though and is the only reason that I have not given them 1 star. you really are better off buying sushi at schnuks. There are much better places in the nearby area.
The staff at Dori's is always friendly and helpful. My kids LOOOOOVE the cinnamon rolls and the elephant ears are my favorite. I only wish I could go more often. I think it is so important to support local businesses and this is one I will definitely continue visiting!
Best Barber Shop in town. Hands down. Don't believe me? Go in and try it...
I like it for the selection of beers, however, I hate the bar itself. I would rather go to Total Wine and bring my beers back. \n\n4 stars for the selection\n2 for the shitty bar atmosphere\n\n3 average.
Been here a couple times while my boyfriend and I were living on this side of town.  They always do a great job! Love all the nail techs I've had!
Aggressive cabbie lured me into an Orange cab at CMI.  Sat for 15 mins waiting for someone else while other cabs   zoomed away.  Of course I was dropped off second and much delayed.  FAIL
My first time in a pawn shop!  They evaluate the item using standard measures to ensure authenticity, etc. took about 5-7 minutes this trip. Only 3 other people were there. Not sure they're the best in town but I would feel comfortable tring to buy/sell here. They do loans at 13% interest and $5 handling fee.
Mediocre and not worth a review of any moment. This is run of the mill BBQ.
All menu items we've chosen have been AMAZING. This is my new favorite spot for burgers, they are the BEST! Each night of the week they have a specific food and drink special. Service is always great. Servers and bartenders are friendly. Vibe is very chill.
I never use to drink tea before I ran across Louise and Tea-rrific. She knows so much about her products and picked out the PERFECT blend for me! I never knew tea could have so much flavor and so many options!\n\nIf nothing else just stop by her shop to see her huge selection.
Kitschy classic. Good value. Huge amount of food. Bloody Caesar was a great. Kind of weird that if you are in the restaurant side you have to ask for a cocktail waitress to take your drink order...took a long time to get our drinks.
Not that good, not that bad. If you have to eat here, it won't hurt you. If you can go somewhere else, do it.
the broth here was bad, the meat was just ok.. not worth it.
We tried Toast this morning for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed it!  The food was much better than I had expected and the service was courteous and speedy (the \"every server is your server policy was interesting).  The only knock against I can say is the check was kind of slipped in without either of us noticing it!
Good food, good service, just too pricey. Came in and ordered 3 apps for us, all were good and service was prompt. Patio looks awesome, just a bit too warm today, so we ate inside. Plenty of tvs, not too loud. I'll be back, but probably just during happy hour.
I loved this place. Great Food, Great Service, Great Prices.\nGet the Zucchini app it is damn good.\nThanks for a good exp...
This Teeter has a pretty good selection of beer & wine.  Since this is a large store, they have a large selection of all sorts of grocery items. \n\nHowever, there are a few items that this Teeter doesn't stock that I can get at either the Arbo HT or the Providence Commons HT.
Went for dinner, good tasting food but limited selections. For the price? Not worth it, you're better off at Bellagio's buffet.
good deals\n\nfriendly
I'd give rare zero stars if yelp allowed. Awful service, and very rude staff. Go to Tornado steak house. Better food and much friendlier staff.
YUM! Nuff Said!
These folks used to get knocked for being a bit unfriendly, but in the last year they genuinely seem to like their customers coming in the door. Much more pleasant to shop there now. Very good selection, and fast service. It is a true blessing that they have a store in the middle of nowhere, where I happen to live.
My review is based off a quick walkthrough, I did not stay.\n\nTHis place is pretty awesome if you are in Vegas w/ the boys. I definitely need to hang out here and watch some games w/ having lunch.\n\nGourmet Food - Sportsbook - Stadium Seating
Fabulous. Decor, service, presentation, menu, flavors, drinks-everything gets 4 stars. This restaurant is a prime example of a place that really knows what it is doing from the ground up. Call me impressed.
The burger was pretty good and fries were salty and greasy and delicious!  I tried the chicken and short rib variations of the taco. Both were satisfying. The price for a burger and couple of tacos?  $20! A bit overpriced! And they are out of lemonade?!?!
The chocolate at jean philippe is amazing.  This location has different boxes than at bellagio.  The ones here are blue.  When I was there they had some unique chocolate sculptures on display.  Near this hotel are a couple of art galleries worth checking out - sculptures and glass.
Gag. Everything was overheated, overcooked, not hot enough, or stale. I was pretty disappointed, and won't be eating at this buffet again.
Sushi was fresh and yummy! Service started off fast but did end a little slow. Environment  was clean and cool. I will def return!
Good food and great beer selection!!! Definitely stop by for a pint. The fish and chips are the best I have seen in a while.
Not sure what all the hype is all about. Their chili cheese fries were better than the actual hot dogs. I'd rather eat a hot dog from Costco.
Went for breakfast. Very limited menu and no kids menu (8 bucks for 2 eggs and 2 strips of bacon for the kiddo - wth!). Food was all right but nothing special and \nway overpriced. Service was decent, but couldn't overcome everything else. Will not be back.
No stars! Horrible I just wanted tap water after my husband bought a $4 coffee. Crystal refused and laughed and said come back with your own cup so I did and they all laughed l. I asked for a manager and she gave me a card that said \"princess rippy\" (702) 497-9598  horrible horrible
It's like the Cheer's of coffee shops! Great coffee & espresso. The owner knows you by name & staff is friendly & up beat.
I've taken three watches here. Two for batteries, and one to have sized. The owner is a nice guy, who in my opinion charges far too little for his services. The shop is a bit strange with all the empty display cases.
BBQ joint pretty good. Lots of options.
I love the beer, but the service is not great. The bartender couldn't be bothered to explain the beers in a flight and walked away when we ordered a beer they were out of. Take note from birdsong and be thankful for your customers.
We've been here a handful of times. Service is good. Sometimes the waiting period for the food is a little long, other times fast. Food is good. Staff is friendly. Over all it's good.
Incredible.  We started with the Musells with a medium sauce, spicy.  The entrees were excellent, good service with a good atmosphere.  I have not had food like this since I left New Jersey.
What a wonderful find our here in the desert. This is a nice casual restaurant serving good food. There is plenty of parking for cars and motorcycles.
Horrible food!!!! Went with two other people, we each only ate one bite and pushed our plates aside. Will not be returning.
Great atmosphere and great drinks. Skip the food though. Every time I've eaten here I was underwhelmed. The cocktails can be hit or miss; when they're made right, they're delicious. Just needs to be more consistent.
My family has been using this dental office for over 10 years now!  The staff really cares about their patients. I love this place. Not a fan of getting dental work done but I surely wouldn't do it anywhere else
This place was ok. Nothing special nothing stood out. The best part about dinner was the cheap HH prices. Nothing to see here people keep it moving.
Love Nellos pizza. We don't have it that often but when we do it's usually on celebrations. The cheese is so good and fresh. I do not care to much how the pizza is cut oddly? We love the Hawaiian pizza. I wish they could deliver, but we are never upset with the flavor and seasonings.
The rooms are great!  I love this place because it's so close to mi casa. I'm a fan!  We go to the movies all the time here.
There's a Chinese menu in addition to the regular menu
My puppy chewed my glass frames and the staff were able to fix them for me in minutes.  It was a welcome surprise.  I highly recommend.
Highly recommended! I called Scott to have him move a gas line in my backyard.  He arrived as expected, explained exactly what he would do, moved the gas line and was right on budget.  He is also a friendly guy and I couldn't be happier I called him.
If you choose to go with the mexican side of the menu its disgusting. Everything is slop on a plate. No one should come here and pay these prices.
I do not know what all the hoopla is about this place. It is average and a little expensive if you ask me. Typical Italian restaurant. The food is OK not exceptional. the shrimp scampi was a little disappointing to me. Nothing to get excited about.
I've been here a few times now and haven't really been able to find an entr\u00e9e that I would order again. Not much of it seems to have a fresh taste. The pizza is probably the best thing on the menu. \n\nThey always seem busy so maybe it's just me.
I think my taste buds either got picky or the quality if my most recent visit went down.  But I'm mostly annoyed that they didn't get my order right... Especially if I told them no green onions at least three times.
Selberg Electric is awesome! The reviews didn't lie. He came over within a 1/2 hour of my call and changed three circuit breakers for me. All for a very reasonable price. And he's a super nice guy! I highly recommend him!
By far the best music at any of these \"ultra pools.\"  The DJ was insane!  Wet Republic was fun, but the pools at Hard Rock and Palms are better.  The bar section is really nice with a bunch of TV's.
Room was small, not much better than  a Holiday Inn Express.  Air conditioner didn't work in our room, they brought us a fan (we moved to a new room the next day).  Staff very unfriendly.  Bathroom very small.  Pool area very plain.  Good location.  Would not stay there again.
We have been looking for a good sandwich place and finally found it. We shared an Italian and it was soooo good. Sure you have to build your own, but the fresh bread and ingredients make up for that. We will definitely be back to try some of the others.
I think an unborn fetus is smarter than the people who work here.\n\nStay far away if you don't want to get the crappiest Taco Bell you have ever had.\n\nBlah.
Do not trust their time commitments.  Bought glasses at 6:45 pm.  The then told they would not be available until 10:30 the next day. I show up at 10:30 the next day.  \"We need 90 minutes\".  Needed glasses for work at 11:30
Came here with my boyfriend for quick dinner. Nice atmosphere; we sat in the outdoor enclosed patio. I had the pasta with red sauce. It was good but not great, nothing remarkable o, and you're definitely getting \"STRIPPED\" price-wise. Absolutely lovely and accommodating waitstaff.
I have been taking my dogs to Top Dog for over a year.  I go regularly, every other month.  Debbie usually does one dog and someone else at the shop the other dog.  I am always happy with their service.  The price is right, and they take really good care of the dogs.  Thanks TOP DOG!
Me and my hubby came here for lunch and it was cheap for AYCE! There wasn't a huge selection or anything, but I believe we came here on a good day. The food tasted fine to me. I think this buffet is way better than Circus Circus.
The service and food have been excellent for me every time. Vegas has a lot of sucky service but this place is not one of them!!\"
Food was good and the chef was great also. A little pricey for dinner but we enjoyed it all. Portions are a little small but the salad and other sides will fill you up.
Not bad for a beer and burger at the bar if you're on a business trip. I'm sure there's better choices in the area though.
lame food.lame  drinks.
For thin crust pizza Johnnies is the way to go. I am not a fan of thick crust, but can eat it if the pizza is absolutely awesome. I am not impressed with most pizza places out here, so when my honey introduced me to Johnnie's thin crust pizza it has become one of my faves.
The food is good. However, the service is super slow. they lose a lot of business because they can't  manage the lunch rush.  I  have visited several times and every time its the same thing.  Expect your order to take forever I can't say it enough.
I remember eating at one I want to say near the university area when I first moved to town. So we decided to try this location out. The food was so so at best but the kicker was the beer wasn't that cold at all. You have to have beer cold come on people you sorta a bar.
Good food. Great location. Good service.
I like the reasonably priced, reliable and tasty black bean burrito (the \"Wilmar\") with its fresh avocado inside.  Too much noise and hubbub though to eat it there during the rush- better as take out.
Two drinks, a mediocre goat cheese salad and the bill with tip was 40+ bucks. The goat cheese salad required assembly, and literally took 20 minutes to come out. It is an interesting space, but won't be returning.
Delicious every time! Never been to Philly but I guess I never need to. Get it with whiz, that's the best way.
Long wait but delicious food! And lots of vegan options (and non-vegan options).
Couches and pretty staff.  Good place for a drink.  It is loud though and the service was crappy.  Did not eat so I can not give you any input there.
I used Lori for my wedding flowers.  They were absolutely gorgeous.  She was easy to work with although we had some issues with emailing.
The person at the check in counter said she was giving me a recently refurbished room, but the heater in the room was broken.  I had to wear a jacket to bed.  The font desk line was about an hour long.  It was either waste another hour standing in line, or freeze in bed.  Both bad options.
I've never written a review on Yelp before so it really says something about how annoyed I am right now. They missed something on my order and when I went back to the window, they saw me, turned away, and ignored me. I'll never come back.
Went for the lunch buffet which was about $8. It was SO good! I ate wayy too much but still wanted to eat more! Everything tasted so fresh and delicious! The decor was very tasteful, fresh and Indian inspired. The staff was wonderful too, very nice!
I walk by here too often and love all of the waffles they offer.  \n\nget the waffalonia sometime and add on nutella, ice cream, speculoos spread, whipped cream, strawberries and bananas.  Its best shared with one other person; their waffles are always a pick me up for me.
My nephews wedding was awesome beautiful place
Those are awesome tasting ramen in a food court. You get the taste, you get the price, you don't get the ambiance. I find this perfect for a wandere. I feel lucky to know this exists.
Nearly perfection in this awesome off-strip sushi house. Trust me when I say you will love it. An off shoot of the original Social House rumor has it...do not miss.
Poor customer service had to go find a server. Cok was not very entertaining. Took my parents here for their first visit wish I had taken them to Bell Location.
Delicious food, amazing customer service, and unique lemonade.  Love it!
Great place to enjoy some drinks and live music on a Friday night as well as some intimate drinks and conversation with friends. Great patio and close nit atmosphere in the heart of Scottsdale.Cheap.
FANTASTIC! The pizza is always amazing as well as the salads! We always love getting the chefs special when we go! YUMMY!
Scrumptious! I had a \"lamb kebab\", and it was delicious! Finally, there is a good Mediterranean cuisine in Madison!
Huge menu, should have something you like, not all dishes are superb but everything is at least decent.
Tried 3 different pizzas and the Wiseguy won. \n\nPizza selection was minimal. \n\nGreat service.
If you're coming here for dinner, be prepared to stand in a LONG line. The food was OK, and there was certainly a lot of it, but I didn't think it was worth the hour we spent waiting for a table.
Really slow drive through...
Pretty good and cozy Place for casual dinning.... Steak and lobster bisque soup were really great!!!
Used to be great. I feel like they went downhill. Their bowls used to be huge. Deep. Big. Now theyre half that size and the same price. Serious disappointment.
This was the worst food I've ever had. I ordered to-go and not only did they get my entire order wrong and the food was awful, they charged me double for it. Do not recommend!!!
Ate here a couple of years ago and it was fine for lunch. Only really took the photograph to highlight the punctuation on the menu board.
Putting a young inexperienced barfly like Ashley on Sat night karaoke is a waste of time and resources.
Probably won't be coming here again. Fish and rolls just weren't that fresh or flavorful. And they don't offer 1/2 rolls.
It did not meet my expectations,food was okay nothing special small portions and overpriced.  The only plus was the view of the strip. If you really must go have a drink and appetizer at the bar, but don't waste your money on dinner.
large selection of draft and specials on pricing.  Quality staff.
This store is 2 miles from my house so I am there all the time. I find their customer service has been consistently good. Even on Black Friday at 7am the sales help has been very pleasant and very helpful.
Horrible experience,  I do not recommend.  The food was bad and overpriced.  My veal chop was all fat for 56 dollars. I complained and they did absolutely nothing and still charged me for it.
Good atmosphere but very bad quality of food.. price is ok but I guess you can't ask for more when it has a poor flavor. I would comeback for the atmosphere but not so much for the food
Excellent service. Horrible food. The falafel, lavash pizza, Greek salad were just not good, the humus was just ok - this is a chain and a bad representation of Mediterranean food (not authentic in any way, except menu)! would not recommend or come here again. The plus is the service, our server was excellent.
No more. the food was discusting. i had same meal at the same location before, no idea what change. i will never go there again ever
Support a local family owned and operated business!\n\nIf you need any sporting equipment this season head over to C&S Sporting Goods. They have a great selection of new and gently used gear.
The blond female bartender was really nice but the overall service is very poor. Drinks were average. Decor was good.
Nice local brewery that seems to be blowing up selling their beers many places. Overall the beers are good but average, the special/seasonal brews are more interesting.\n\nThe food is good especially the stuffed burgers but the rest seems average.\n\nAtmosphere is nice especially when they have live music.
Food was good however very very slow service. Small restaurant. Our order was put in wrong and we were brought a wrong waffle and also our side of toast was forgotten. Not sure if I would recommend this place or come back again. Also, they do not validate parking (only 3$ but still)
This place is run by teenagers and visited by teenagers.  Just FYI.  With that said, they have a bunch of varieties of pop and candies.  Even green tea Kit Kat.  It's a neat place to check out and sneak in some unique candy treats for your movie.  :)
Just found this spot while dropping my son off at daycare. Seriously the best tacos I've had in Vegas.
The is a large restaurant / sports bar in DC Ranch. The food is above par but the service is a little slow (especially for such a dead night). I like the pool table and I'll guess on game day they really pack em' in. I shall return for another try after the summer ends.
The enchiladas were really good but the tortilla soup was just ok. I took my kid who is 7 and we had a little trouble finding something for her to eat. The gal behind encounter was very accommodating and made her something that she wanted. We'll go again.
The noodles were bland. I ordered the noodles with steak and my friend ordered the curry noodles.  Both were bland.  The prices were good and the service was friendly but this place was not worth going back to especially since it's in the same shopping square as Monta.
Fast service
I have been there twice (but not recently, so maybe things are better than they used to). First time, we had to wait nearly 45 minutes to be served. Second time, the food was very very mediocre: my dosa was filled with low-quality ground beef... The room itself is dark and unpleasantly organized.
The food is good but the prices have gone up quite a bit. The first time I came here was twenty years ago and it hasn't changed one bit. They really could do with a face lift, especially the booths, they are all so cramped together that the table is right in your stomach. Service is good.
Dis place is closed.
They need to add dark chicken curry to their menu.
My company ordered this place for lunch the other day to cater about 100 employees. The pizza delivery man was late, the pizza was cold, and my employees weren't too happy. It isn't that good of pizza. I had one slice and I'll never have it again.
Lying and incompetent customer service department. They lied to me about clear and simple store policies, wasn't even worth getting the manager involved. I just go down to best buy on exit 54 instead.
Je suis all\u00e9 plusieurs fois pour le lunch et toujours \u00e9t\u00e9 tr\u00e8s satisfait. Tr\u00e8s savoureux.
This sprouts offers a great selection and quality service.  I plan to come here for more of my daily needs.
We drove up here and parked to walk along and see the FANTASTIC view of the city and the rivers.  We then stopped in at The Grandview Saloon for drinks on the hillside deck with a great view on this beautiful day.
Had very bad experience here. They hustle you for money. It was supposed to be $5 each person. One of us gave them a 20 dollar bill for 4 of us. But the person at the entrance denied this and made us pay another extra 10.
Holly Madison is the name point on the headlines for this , but she is just pure cameo.  The singing and dancing was ok and overall it was worth the money for Vegas style entertainment.  Enough comedy mixed in to make it fun for everyone.
Purchased a groupon for this place.  The service was excellent and the deluxe prime rib sandwich and the chipolte burger were fantastic.  You can bet we will visit again wifalsethout
OG Chinese in Vegas!!! Love their Pork Chop with Chef sauce.
This airport definitly need some renovation.
Great Location on the central Strip.\n\nMy room was a good size and clean, and super cheap.\n\nEasy to get to everything - not SO much going on at this resort, but it's easy to get everywhere from here. I would stay here again.
It's a wonderful place! Love the food and the staff are always warm and friendly! We try and make it once a week. The portions are large and delicious. Kinda pricey but that is because SH rent is so high. Two  thumbs up!!
Nice hotel but not perfect.\nPros: fancy and new room, helpful staff, great view\nCons: have to call service to get robes, no indoor access to aria or bellagio, poor quality shampoo
Came in to check it out for the first time, it's 3:46pm they close at 4pm- everything was put away and the young lady that works there said: they were already done for the day- my whole point is why say you close at 4pm & have the door open for business! Very upset!!!!
Im glad they put this in the food court at the mall. The food here is amazing except this location does not have the full menu as to the regular resturant locations.
This place sucks. They have 99cent store stuff selling for 5x the price lol save your time and go anywhere else
Yes, it's \"all-you-can drink.\"  But $28 for pasta?  Really?  The food is decent at best, atmosphere is cool though.  Personally I'd rather buy a $2 bottle of wine and head to Fazoli's before eating here again.
I LOVE this place! THe staff is always friendly and the service is fast and the food is great!
Truly bad food.  I hear the pizza might be edible.  Atmosphere is cool, though, no kidding.  Maybe go for beers.
This place had some of the best burgers I have ever eaten. \n\n\nTheir fries were fantastic!\n\nI would highly recommend the Jalapeno Onion Rings.
yes this place is always a good time and great managers.
This is the place I go to when I need to bring pizza for game days.  It's on the expensive side, yes, but the mix of a thin, chewy crust and the right ratio of sauce to cheese and toppings keep me coming back here time and time again.
I wouldn't allow these people near my animals! They mise-diagnosed two of my dogs...sent one home with a intestinal blockage that would have killed him if I didn't take him somewhere else! All of my animals go to Palm Valley, love Dr Hatch!!
Although they are courteous and thorough they are SLOW. You can hear people in the back having personal conversations while you sit and WAIT. My quoted half hour appointment took an hour and half. I waited a half hour before I was even seen initially.
Consistently excellent service, friendly folk and staff with a huge and impressive knowledge of bikes. You can get pretty much everything you need for your bike here, and an extra nice touch is the grating outside the shop so you can lock up your cycle while you browse. Sweet.
Amazing food but terrible service! Came in for a birthday party and waiter got our orders super slow and couldn't seem to separate the check. Weren't apologetic at all or friendly during service. I suggest getting your meal from the bar when you come in.
This was just bad pizza.  For the money I expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza.  The cheese and pepparoni were added after the crust came out.  Also the mushrooms were out of a can.  Do not waste money here.
Really good food, really nice people, very large menu....so far all good.  Need a little more atmosphere like window coverings and candles but don't let that stop you. The best part is NO loud music!  You can actually talk to each other without yelling.  Yippee.
Awesome indian food and service.
Great Schtick, as a previous reviewer wrote. I don't remember much about the food, frankly (I seem to remember enjoying the onion rings) so it probably wasn't fantastic. But the experience of eating made the visit worth it.
Great vegetarian food with excellent spices.  This is owned by a local family. Very polite and friendly place.
This place is a complete waste.  The ticket price is too much for what you get.  15 minutes guided through some cartoonish looking BS and then led out into an area where you can spend even more money on expensive drinks and a gift shop.
Pretty much everything about 4-Peaks is great. Food is great. Beer (esp Pumpkin Porter) is great. Brunch is great. Great place to gather your friends. This has been a solid staple of my life in the time I've lived in Tempe.
I gave these guys a chance.  For years, really.  Terrible communication and forget about the customer service.  Very sad to write a bad review;  but this is no place for animal lovers.  Hope they get their act together.
We stopped in for a drink at the bar only to be totally offended by the hostess who was so rude we (a table of 8) left before we even ordered. Never will go back!!!
This place is cute, affordable, clean, and tasty. I would recommend this place for a quick lunch since the service is fairly quick and has a simple menu. Or you can bring your date here for a cute dinner date. The place is a fairly quiet place, and the lighting is very nice.
The worst ever..  Wasted my money
Was very surprised at ALL the different toppings\nthey had here! If you think it, I bet they can make\nit! Maybe!
Plusses for the rad people that work there!! Negative for the crazy high prices! I suppose the fact that they are open 24/7 makes up for that when you are in a bind at 3am.
Awesome as always! We got the new cookie sundae, very good! Great location!
Try the 28 special. You won't be disappointed
Steak... That's all i gotta say, eat that and it's worth the money. It comes rare but the cook will cook it for you to whatever your preference is. Not to mention the great desserts and international food. To me, number 1 buffet in Vegas.
Awful food and service! Food was cold and gross. Service was slow and she didn't seem to care at all. I will never go back with the intentions of eating.
Food was delicious and our waitress was really sweet and attentive.  It did have a dirty feel/vibe to it though which was hard to get past.
Went in for breakfast burritos after a big night out. Aside from my burrito leaking some sort of sauce on my pants, it was fine. Nothing great, but not bad. Did the trick and under $10.
They need to lay off the ice. More than 3/4 of my drink was full to the top of ice. Two sips and you're done. Is it worth 7 bucks for a crappy meal? Nope!
So disappointed:(  food was horrible, cold and bland! Ordered a glass of wine and the bartender studied the pour making sure it was 4oz. Don't waste your money!!! Go across the street to the pasta shop!
Cute place with a fun atmosphere. Great service. The food smelled wonderful. We had the frozen hot chocolate, which was rich and delicious! I'll go back and try the meals sometime soon!
This place is literally the best pizza joint in town. They are very traditional in their preparation and presentation. They import a lot of ingredients, and even some of their equipment directly from Italy. I eat here constantly, try the 'Misto', best appetizer ever!!
I love this place! It's always quick service with a very friendly smile! The food is good. My favorite is the crab melt and lobster bisque!
Besides the fact that I love Ron and his morning show, he knows how to cook up some damn good grub. I had the ribs that were apparently harvested from 14 cows. Everything was high quality and I can't believe how many TV's they had rolling. Wolfleys knows how to do it up.
Fun place to enjoy a meal.  Great menu . . . . Great prices.
Classic neighborhood bar.  Good strong drinks at good prices. I think the bar food is great (try the spudsters!)
For the mid price lunch above fast food, Rumbi is the boss for good ingredients and choice. Non-soda options are pretty good too.  \n\nThe pineapple upside down cake is awesome!
$19 for an egg benedict. It was \"Meh. I've experienced better.\"\n\nFuck you. Never coming back.\n\nBut giving the staff a star for good and friendly service.
A failure. For free it certainly is fine, but to pay for poor quality food, you are much better off with airline lounges which are far superior. How American Express can bill this as a first class experience is a joke. Clearly they have never been in a business class or first class airport lounge.
Horrible... just kill me now. Food/service was horrible. Too much oil in their food.  I got sick from here. =/
MY fav !
I would say the casino floor was small and intimate. The hotel room however smelled of smoke. Also seems to be a lot of people around the hotel smoking pot as it smelled constantly of weed. The clubs here were great though. Actually a lot of girls good music and plenty of room
The food was fantastic. My main problems with this place is the atmosphere and the up-charges. $2 for a drink refill? C'mon...
big portions. good for sharing. my corned beef hash wasnt that good - but other food ordered were ok.  it also said vegetarian friendly but there wasnt really that much options for a strict vegetarian in our party. also open 24 hours so its great for after shows/late dinner options....
This place is so bad I don't even know where to start.  In fact I'm not going to because it's so bad it doesn't deserve a review.  Just don't go, it's a waste of time and money, and you'll regret if you do.
I found this place to be a little dark, a little dated and a little unkept, not unclean, just in need of some renovations. The dinning experience was short of my expectations. Nothing really negative, just nothing that stood out as a reason to go back. Food was good, but overly average.
The service was great but I must of went on the wrong night, because even thou the club was packed it was WACK. I'll give them another chance next time I go to Vegas.
I was extremely upset when their ice cream machine was broken.  Good thing they had an identical machine next to the first but still I had to walk further to it.
Awesome food. Never had a disappointing menu item. Seitan Wings are as good or better than the real thing! Great take-out spot.
Pretty good selection of beer- wish the food selection was bigger/better. \n\nPlease DEAR GOD change the music. It's awful. Enough to leave. It's like the worst of the 90s music compilation. \n\nNo more Prince at a bar! Ever.
I love dogs and feel bad for all of them that are in there.  That being said, I think that they would be better off elsewhere.  This place, since its run by the county) is filled with lazy uncaring employees.  I will goto a breeder or find a
Hey there  fellow yelpers! If you wish to have a great chow for buffet don't settle for cheap ! Make it your all hands down experience on your chow down challenge and go all out! Nom nom. Def one of my favs!
Pros: Don't miss the frosted sugar cookies or the ooey gooey cake! \n\nCons: Few parking spots, run down neighborhood, and sometimes they run out of the stuff I like before I can get there.
Money spent in all wrong places: ceiling crystals. How about you group of genius' open a second cashier cage or have more than 2 employees running a cage when you have a 30 person line at your ONLY cash cage
Commercial, ok.  I can't say it was bad, it was just food court.
Not impressed with the service or the food.  Too many choices in town that are less expensive
I just ordered from them, and they are speedy, and our delivery driver was super nice. She was so pleasant and friendly that we want to order again! \n\nDelicious food, we love the bbq wings, and the garlic butter crust is delicious.
Highly recommended, especially for Health lunch! Quick, hot lunch line style menu with 3 vegan and 1 chicken dish to choose from + rice and bread. The food was better than all of the indian restaurant lunch buffets in oakland. Very cheap. I would go back.
Not too bad if you have time to kill early in the afternoon.  I liked their Metropark.  For some reason they were advertising H&M pretty strongly outside but once you actually see the store, it's not all that.
I had the Connecticut style lobster roll and the shrimp fritters at Barrett Jackson and both items were delicious. The staff was great too.
Waiting 30 minutes to get water another 45 five minute to get my food no thanks there are better place in town with better service. If it wasn't because of my friend s birthday I would of walked out long time ago. It is seems like employee doesn't care about this establishment and want this place to fail.
3-6 happy hour $2 off draft beers and I love their sliders or the big juicy burgers on potato bun.
Decent food. BIG portion sizes. Ok service, forgot to bring things that we asked for such as water.
I really enjoyed Sochu House. Drinks (martinis) are phenomenal. You can order several different plates, tapas style, which was fun. At night it is like a night club, basically, but still laid back and chill.
What's not to like about this Airport? You're in Vegas, they have slot machines everywhere, and even the ads plastered on the walls are epic! And if you're traveling with me the airport will probably be one of the last few blurry memories of your stay in Vegas.
Great selection of beer, but a limited menu, and the service was awful. I can understand slow service when a place is packed, but there was no excuse for the inept service we had when we were there early on a Wednesday when the restaurant was less than half full.
Don't call anyone else, this is the best carpet cleaning company you will ever find. Make sure to ask for Greg, he's awesome! Thanks Bob!!
Not sure what has happened but the prices are higher and the quality is poor (stay away from the shrimp!). \n\nNo real witty way to say it...they are off my Thai list forever. Good thing there are a plethora of uberfab places in the Chandler area!
I really liked this location.  Great view of downtown on the patio, it is located in a great spot, the food is great, the service is really good & most importantly, they have a good selection of beer.  I recommend the Blacksmith (Guiness & Smithwicks).
Best sushi in Mesa! Service is incredible as is the food...fresh, flavorful and reasonably priced.
This is where you want to eat! Delicious tacos, served hot with fresh ingredients. As an added bonus, it's super cheap!
Sunday night, busy weekend, lazy...we decided to pop down the block from our new place....French Dip, a Burger, few pops, some football and excellent service! Just found my new closest to the house watering hole!
Everything is good. There is plenty on the menu for someone that doesn't like sushi. The sushi is the best I've had in Charlotte though. Always fresh and delicious!
I really did not like this studio.  I agree with the other reviewers that one of the teachers is very confrontational and unprofessional.  I would avoid the studio at all costs.
For how hard they advertised and the price on the menu. I was sure disappointed. The food is on quality with Denny's including the plastic cups and water spotted silverware.
3.5 stars\n\ndecent, italian fare. i loved my pasta, had a wonderful drink or five and had a great dinner.\n\ni would go back if at the venetian. sitting on that courtyard is just so awesome!
Best Margherita pizza in Vegas. I had an awesome Burger that was just the right spicy. Calabrese I think.  Inexpensive craft beers on tap. I highly recommend it, very friendly waitress, Harmony, made some great suggestions.
I really enjoyed my trip to this store today. The staff was very helpful and friendly. I cannot wait to go back and get more of a look when my husband has the children :) There were a lot of different yarns and patterns. I was also really interested in their button collection. Overall - great store and service. Support local business.
Very bland food, no flavor.  Unimpressed. Quiet atmosphere. Will not be return.
I get suckered to go here, never my choice but I like the food its okay but for some reason it always ends up making my tummy hurt.
Horrible - they use chicken that's been out uncover all day . And they smoke around the food.:(
This is my go to place for breakfast. My bf and I come here at least 1 a week. Everything on the menu is AMAZYing! The people, the waitress and food is what makes us a regular customer!! I really recommend the breakfast and poutine!! Yummmm :)
I suppose that's what you can expect for the very reasonable prices. Food heavy on fat, light on taste, and cavernous decor.\n\nGood for a group looking to eat quality food on the cheap, but not for much else.
the service is absolutely horrible, took 15 minutes to get the wrong beer. the server clearly hate serving the customers and is completely oblivious to us. hope the food is better.
Terrible with vegetarian requests. I've been there twice, ordered a vegetarian meal twice, and found chicken pieces in my meal halfway through... Twice.
Really was turned off from this place. Anti-American place. They treat you different then the locals. Even if you speak french. Slow service. Average everything. Never coming here again!
Waited 45+ minutes for my ride to the hotel.......lady at the booth was very short and borderline rude.... would give zero stars if I could.
Disappointed, so muchTV advertising, not all that good.\nSurprised to find an Italian/Pizza restaurant that does not serve beer and wine.\nPizza sauce too sweet, I'm from near Chicago, this is not what I remember
you gotta love a place with big screen tv's (sports bar), martini specials (swank bar), graffiti in the bathroom (dive bar), and weird green ivy lights (funky bar)
Breakfast while we stayed at Aria. Prices were fair. Service was prompt.\n\nIt wasn't amazing, but it filled my tummy and didn't kill my wallet. If I wasn't a guest of the hotel I never would have considered dining here however.
We finally tried their burger and fries. The meal was good but the hype was a little overrated. We did order online for pick up and when we arrived the order was sitting on the printer. Just an FYI that calling in your pick up order might be a little more efficient. Overall a meh experience.
It's closed and has been closed for awhile. Replaced by Viva Las Arepas. Major upgrade.
Great brunch place in Vegas. The chicken. So good. I recommend making this part of the Vegas trip - just like going to the club, casino, or hotel. Ok maybe not as important as that, but still important!
(*-*)
Only really looked through the dress section - which was clean and well organized.  It's in the Tatum Desert Ridge shopping plaza and there are a lot of good stores here.  Was able to happily walk out with 2 new dresses and the cashier was very friendly.  No complaints here!\n\nOverall: A
I had to give it a star to do the review, do not go here the food is so far below substandard and even though we received an offer to replace the bad food they suddenly lost the books these offers are logged in.  What a joke of a KFC no one cares and they treat the customers lousy.
Good food, and very good prices for the location. Right on Fremont Street.
Every time I've been in here, the staff acted like they had better things to do than help their customer. They are also grossly overpriced on most things.
I can't believe this place is closing! It's going to be a sad day for this neighborhood. Always great food and great service.
Ok pizza, rude staff.  Not a fan and won't return!
I'm big on customer service but this has the absolute WORST customer service I've ever experienced.  The neon looking guacamole was disgusting and the food was not even good. This place does not even deserve a star and I will not be returning.  Folks, give your well earned money elsewhere.
Standard Mexican fare, a little pricey but it's Scottsdale near several resorts. Went there for lunch since we were attending a training seminar nearby. Service was okay not outstanding. Better options in the area so I doubt I would make another trip.
Bad service - but not really the servers fault but that of the person scheduling staffing.  Not enough wait staff to take orders but 4 people standing around at the check in desk  to seat people - I think two would be enough for that job and have the other two wait tables.
Tops in quality! Tops in customer service! I highly recommend this shop for everyone. Have used them twice and very happy.
The products, tools are all the same. I have been using Uhaul my whole life. Will continue to. But no doubt this place has a serious customer service problem. I would strongly suggest you find a different uhaul to spend your money at.
Great and affordable food ... Service is also great ...They really help you in choosing the food..\n\nAmbiance is OK but has lot of scope to improve on it.
coming from the east coast i was looking for a good delivery chinese place and Red House is just awesome. their general tso's is great, chicken and brocoli is amazing.\n\nit's very inexpensive and quick delivery
Smoothies are disgusting. You can mix up to 3 flavors but they're all clearly powdered. They're not fresh at all. Save your money and go elsewhere.
The owner stole a bracelet brought in for repairs and has lied over and over about returning it.
For $35/person but no olysters or sahimi?  No way!  It's just not worth it.  I dont understand why it's rated four stars.  If you put aside the dessert, it's a $15 buffet top.   For same price, I'd rather go to Todai at Planet Hollywood.
I've been coming here since they opened. Great quality, but very rushed and not as people friendly. I felt rushed through today and wasn't even offered anything to carry my drinks to the car :-/ Very low quality of concern for the customer! Quality is nice though and it's open later than most Port of Subs!
Loved it!  I made it a point to try this place because the commercials make it look so good!  I wish we had a Sonic in Hawaii (maybe it's good that there isn't)!
This place was great. I have been twice now. Had their homemade biscuits, croissants and sandwiches. Got several quiche Lorraine's to go and they were a hit too. Fresh, local, great service, totally hooked!
Great service, great coffee. Just no drive through. Smaller lobby area
MUCH nicer since the renovation! The only thing I don't love is that there are rarely baskets near the entrance, and it's weird how you have to go through the whole produce area to get to the rest of the store!\n\nCheckers are usually friendly here, and good selection and variety.
Delicious. Quiet. Inexpensive. Fast. Easy. Friendly. Clean. A definite keeper!!  It's worth altering your morning commute to make a stop in here.  Check it out.
The Rice was undercooked....and I really wanted to like this place because of the great customer service.
I've had worse, but I've also had better. Eaten here twice.\nThe customer service is excellent and my waitress has been very attentive each time Kudos to the staff for being so kind, personable and helpful!
Bad music, slow service, disgusting overpriced drinks, and annoying patrons.  Definitely wouldn't come back if someone paid me to. I can't even drink this margarita.
There's only one good sandwich here, and it's the Bobbie. Capriotti's is overpriced and I suggest that you look elsewhere for  decent sandwich.
This is a great place for all ages. They have a dance floor, fun games, good food and drinks and is a family oriented place. I went with my friends tonight to change things up. We had a great time and we would definitely  come back!
This Paradise location is one of the noisiest locations I have ever been to. Keep that in mind if you are planning a lunch business meeting. Otherwise the service is great!
Had a wonderful family dinner. Anything on the menu is a winner. Service is great. Family owned restaurant.
Very excited this restaurant came to our neighborhood. The owner came to say hi and make sure we were enjoying our meal. The food was pretty good. We had sandwiches this time. But the canoli's were amazing.
The food here is great, but the service is a little slower than I'd like.  With that said, I really like the way they decorated the interior of the restaurant.  There are cool lights that decorate the walls and a big screen that cycles through music videos while you enjoy some fresh sushi.  I'd definitely come back!
Had a wonderful lunch there yesterday with my 92 year old fussy Czech mom. We both loved the homemade luscious mushroom soup, Russian egg, roast beef with blue cheese chlebricky (or small wonders),fabulous chocolate desserts and perfect cappuccinos. House white was excellent. A perfect lunch spot.
Food was overpriced and so-so. Beer wasn't cold at all and server wouldn't bring new ones. I know the attitude is part of the atmosphere, if the drinks aren't cold, at least replace them.
The product selection is allright the employees try pretty hard to make you feel like an unwelcomed idiot, though. So pretty simple review from me: good products, very bad customer service.. At least when i went there a couple months ago.
Love this place!!! Yummmy boba . My kids went there every weeks :)
They have a limit to their menu for the eat all you can. Which is BULL SHIT!! LOL. The lady was kinda mean. They told us how to cook our food. No no!!
Food is always consistent.  Staff always friendly.
The apartments are dated. The a/c was loud and inefficient. My electric bill in the summer was around 150$ for a one bedroom apartment. \nThe location is decent, but for the price you can find a much better deal in this area of Tempe.
Luv this place , first time here , from yelp . Luv it no rice roll. Luv the cucumber and the waitress has been awesome on recommending the best on the menu.
I absolutely love this place!!!  My co-workers introduced me to this place for lunch, and I am hooked!  The pork, the plantains, the sangria are all fantastic!!  Very affordable and fresh, amazing food!  I want to come back for karaoke on a Saturday night sometime soon!!  You must eat here!!
Hey here's a tip - if you hire bartenders that can only do one thing at a time, hire more then two for weekend nights.
Used him a long time ago and to this day I still feel ripped off. Swore up and down to me he could do a job and came up short. very short. Then had the nerve to blame me.\n\nNow he has the nerve to stay open.\nHate this place!
They have a great selection here- icecream sorbet Gelato etc.  They have my favorite cold stone flavor (cakebatter) and the prices and service are better here !
When the Jeep got hit, USAA sent me to Enterprise for my rental car. The Oakland Enterprise employees were organized, friendly, and accommodating. Picking up & dropping off was a breeze. They even gave me a ride to the body shop once the Jeep was all fixed. Easy peasy!
If you like ribs, these are to die for. They are cooked in a process that lasts 3 days. These ribs are so tender, they fall off the bone. Even good to have extras for the next day for leftovers.
Great staff amazing food and local specials every Friday. The live Irish music is something that will bring ya straight to Ireland. The best Irish pub in Vegas in my personal opinion and a perfect stop on any Irishman/Irishwoman's trip to Las Vegas.
I guess I had the same experience Shawn did.  I called and got a very nice and courteous person on the phone.  I believe it was Martin.  He told me he would stop by and give me an estimate and that was the last I heard from him - 4 weeks ago.  I guess he wasn't too interested in maintaining my yard.
Epic fail.  11pm on a Friday and no one here.  The owner's kids are behind the bar monitoring bottles and acting like hot shots.  $8 for a $2 drink.  Empty dance floor.
Service is always friendly.  Great food for the price.  I'm almost always here after a long night shift.
Terrible service just plain awful, waiting one hour plus with no estimate of when they will arrive!  We need to petition government here to allow uber app to have other options beyond these disaster taxi companies!
Being charged for water is a recurring issue.    The owner does not pay his employees for months then shorts them when he does.   Horrible management.  Now a fire like the one in January 2014?
Not worth the money stay away!! Sorry I've eaten at a lot if buffets in Vegas and this place really disappointed.
I love this place.  When I am hungry and want to grub out I love coming here and getting different dishes.
Ghetto! No wi-fi and room service stops at 2pm!! Seriously disappointed. Jacuzzi didn't work right. Furniture was falling apart. Very sad hotel.
Not my cup of tea. It feels like they are trying way too hard to be cool or hipster. That said, everyone else I meet loves it.
Finally a Thai restaurant in Surprise, Az! We came the day this restaurant opened, and went back the next day as well. Great authentic Thai food, friendly atmosphere, can't go wrong plus they deliver within a 3 mile radius!
Good food, i forgot what its called but my\nFavorite is the thanksgiving sandwich
this is my fav starbux the drinks are perfect the store is allways clean and the servers are allways nice
Went on their website and requested a callback 3 days ago. Still waiting for them to call.
Their crab and shrimp is good. I like to get the crab with spicy boil. Prices are reasonable. Service seems consistently solid.
We love Liberty! Cool atmosphere, great food , exceptional coffees. We frequent regularly and it's always consistent.
Good food and drinks.  Wish they had one in my town.  Alawys a good choice once you're tired of eating buffets or paying for expensive meals.
Been here every Vegas trip for the last 5 years. Always wonderful food, nice quiet atmosphere. Service is very attentive but not too intrusive. All in all one of my husband and my favorite places to go!!
HORRIBLE service,  no one around to ever help you find stuff.  If you find someone on the floor they can't answer your questions.   Unless you know exactly where something is don't waste your time here.
Eat here every couple of weeks, food is good, not great , but good.  It is consistent and the portions are adequate
They're front door was opened and i walked in  5 minutes before they open at 12 noon i guess is when they're open for business.\n\n employee inside said  sorry we're not open,  Why is your front door open then.
Food was just ok. Guacamole tasted like crap. $7 !!!  For a tiny bowl of doo doo. Chips were stale and the tacos tasted old. Would not return.
This place is awesome! The shrimps are big! I don't have no complaints the owners are also very nice!
Awesome spot!
Way over the top with the christian music and christian icons. Coffee is ok and the staff are pleasant - just not my cup of tea
Very nice after a day of retail therapy! There is always a great soup of the day.    The bartender never disappoints and you can opt for privacy indoors or sitting outside people watching @ Fashion Show mall. Not a big fan of the bread but the strawberry butter is grand!
Way overpriced for a below average burger. I had the gold standard burger, just not that good. My friend got the salmon burger (can't remember the name for it). The best thing he could say about it was that it was edible. Service was good, and it was a nice place.
There is such thing as a free lunch! Very nice girl informed me they give full value on expired groupons! Love this place always fresh and yummy with friendly staff.
First thing I noticed was the dingy smell when walking into side door of hotel. The whole room is out dated. Not worth the money. I'm surprised this place is in business with all the nice new choices in Chandler.
The quail lettuce wraps were so good we ordered them three times.  One of the best carpaccios ever, amazing falafel....everything was great!  Go early or you will have to wait for a table....
WORST.PHARMACY.EVER.  Do yourself a favor and go to Wallgreens or CVS up the street. Nasty attitudes and incompetence are not winning qualities, folks!
Charming!  Bright!  Airy!  Whimsical!  I like it.  A bit of something different in the heart of the tourist area of Edinburgh...it's got a touch of Art Nouveau, Paris, art and sunflowers.  A great spot to wet your whistle.
Dr. Kwok and Jeff are the best. If you need your eye exam or want new contacts and glasses, they have the latest and greatest. And ready for this?  Best part. You don't need to worry about that so dreaded air puff that makes your eyes water because you know it's coming. Awesome.
Close to restaurant perfection. \n\nExpect a long wait, but well worth it. BBQ chicken pizza = amazing. Pizza cookie is incredible. Service has never really been lacking. I've been back many times and will continue to do so.
The 'special' was not so special (too many conditions). They also pre-added tip. We would of tipped more...
The food was awesome, my boy and I got the prime rib and short rib, but our waiter was a dumbass. Guy never came by to grate
One would think that the landmark-esque building and the cash-only ordering system would have to mean this is a gem restaurant; one would then be incredibly, dead wrong. \n\nScared for the 10 minutes following my first cup of coffee tomorrow morning. \n\nGood icee though.
My family loves Osaka but mainly we love Angie. She always makes us feel at home.
Meal was very good, I had the filet of sole, waitress was attentive, however did not clear plates when I was finished. Service is almost always an issue when dining @ Mimi's. see the other reviews for Casa Grande.
Just got scolded by the restaurant for being so negative about their restaurant. Professional thanks!\n\nNot EVERYONE has to like your food!
Best place to have work done I took a family heirloom watch and the repair was top notch.
delicious!
I love this swim school.  I have been to many different swim schools, none of which have nearly as an effective curriculum as AquaSafe does.  The instructors are awesome, as well as the manager.  They go out of their way to make sure that you are satisfied.  I highly recommend AquaSafe swimming lessons.
We tried this place with the pick 2 pass we purchased at Excalibur. All it took was one try to know we will never go back.
Well done NMS for another well attended and good fun evening. Not so many costumes in evidence this time, though I've heard that 'Mammoths' is the next theme, so cave boys and girls can get their neanderthal selves onto the dance floor.
This place is phenomenal! Everything was so fresh and delicious. Service was great. Cool music- cool vibe- great atmosphere. Definitely a great place to go while you're in Phoenix!
The service is little to be desired.  Asking a waitress to place our order seemed to be putting her out. I do not know how this restaurant stays in business with the horrible service. We will NOT be back.  It is a shame, the food is really good.
I decided to check this place out after reading the great reviews. However, it turned out to be nothing like I thought it would. The food was moderately okay. I wasn't thrilled nor satisfied but as a quick stop for dinner, it  works.
Stopped in for breakfast before heading back to SoCal. Sat on the small front patio on a nice sunny morning. I had the Josephina omelet. Very good. Mom and dad were happy with their meals too. Fantastic coffee!
Super cool bar, friendly staff and very comfortable environment. Drinks and food are both very affordable and delish. Great happy hour specials too. It's s small establishment so it can get busy. But it's always fun no matter what.
Very disappointed in their wedding registry. Fair warning if you try to return something not on your registry without a receipt they won't let you return it.
Decadent, Some of the best Indian food I have ever tasted and I live in sf bay area home itself to some great food. Suggest try the sampler items..Will be back next time in Vegas or might just come to Vegas for them.,
Excellent pork tamale
It's what a burger should be.  Greasy dead delicious animal on a bun.  I always go with the double bacon deluxe, and cheese curds.  Their company root beer is good, and their frozen custard is too.  This is my favorite burger to eat when hungover.  The grease comforts my stomach.
What a dump, I had dinner at the steakhouse after that I was told I couldn't go to the club because I was wearing a velour track suit?  Over priced drinks and they let hookers in.
This is probably the best smoke shop ive been to in the area. They have a very large variety of items from glass, tobacco and cigars. They have the widest options of hookah supplys and flavors that ive seen in any store. This os a place i'll be sure to go back too.
What else is there to say about Walmart, everything is made and China and they have everything you need. \n\nSometimes the employees can be a bit snarky and rude,but I would be too if I got paid what they do.
Peckham and Rye are in administration and this shop has already been sold off.\nNot that surprising given their pricing , their items are now available through a far wider variety of outlets and they failed to really create any sort of unique selling point or draw.
Got the buffet.  Decent selection.\n\nCrunchy French Toast...boring and under-seasoned.  \n\n$55 for 2 people is a little high for average breakfast.
Poor service they told me the wrong date to come in.
Horrible experience will never stay in this hotel again in my life, the room was really small and the furniture looked really old, very depressing.
Very good!  I am comparing to Foo's in Kansas City, which is slightly better, so that is why this place didn't get 5 stars.  However, I would definitely recommend it!
Best Of The Best! home away from home, ashton & scotch, beautiful staff and music, love vegas, love casa fuente!
Nice locals spot but always welcoming out of state visitors.  Great games and good eats.  Can't beat their prices on rooms and food.  They also have a bowling alley and theater for the kids.
Marcellino. This is supposed to be one if not best Italian restaurant in town. I was very disappointed in their specialty - the fresh pastas - \n\nMany classic dish are offered and many different cut of pasta. The quality doesn't justify the stiff prices. Just ok!
Always love Gamestop and this one always has had some friendly and helpful staff.  Good selection of New and used games.
Kinda bored me. Lots of dead space between songs. The puppet gimmick wears off after 20 minutes, but are good at distracting from the minimal impression accuracy. Makes me miss Danny Ganns.
Drive-Thru!!  I love this location, I can get my greasy mexican food grub on as well as pump gas and buy junk food.  The food is just like any other Roberto's Taco Shop which is wonderfully greasy, cheesy, and delicious.  Great hangover food.
Too good for words!  Amazing service and even better food! I  can't wait to come back and try more! Charles was our server and did an excellent job recommending dishes! The chef came over a few times to check on us and even sent out food for us to try!
Horrible service, menus never provided. Had to go to bar for drinks rather than server checking table.
Really nice decor, super nice patio for a pizza joint. Top quality toppings and ingredients in everything we ordered.  Baked ziti was very authentic, but a bit pricey at $14.  Cannoli was friggin' good.  Need to try the thick crust pizza next time.
On the same level as Taco Bell.  Everything is covered in some-excuse-for-grated-cheddar cheese.\n\nGreasy, too salty, and downright mediocre at best.\n\nGo elsewhere if you want a good meal.
The employees are courteous, the location is super clean, but the food selection sucks and there are only three pumps for cars and light trucks who need diesel.
Cool spot next to the raceway. Busy at lunch on a Tuesday but the servers kept up pretty well. The food was decent cafe food.
Umder new management. I use to go to this federicos twice a week. Good food, big burritos and great service. NOW all new employees and management. Small burritos and small portions and they have raised all prices!! Stay away. A rip off!
FATIGO PLAYS HERE! Great venue for anything from music, spoken word, to improv. The art work tends to be a hit or a miss, but I do love this place. $2 PBR!!!
Such a cute place! The Soap Opera was such a great little shop and had wonderfully scented lotions, soaps, shampoos, body wash, everything you could ever want. It was a little pricey, but worth it! Great gift items and kind, open staff. Heading back soon!
restaurant owner has some serious racial discrimination problems. for you all that does not care about discrimination, go ahead continue dining there.  p.s. food quality is.questionable. too bad there is not an one star option, or i would be glad to choose that.
Best drunk food ever.  The boneless wings are amazing, burgers and Mac and cheese!.  Good music, the best place in noda to get some late night eats.
Worst Chinese food ever!   Waited over 90 min for delivery to hotel then absolutely nothing tasted like it should have.   Kung pao chickens only vegetable was 2 pieces of broccoli, and it tasted like sweet &  sour chicken.  Would never recommend!
This place is amazing. The only problem is my tongue freezes and it is difficult to speak after eating a Long Board. Must get Shark Bite for kids and I love the sweetened condensed milk on mine. Love, love, love this place.
Came here for the fries that used to be stellar. Ended up getting grease logged potato sticks. Sent them back and they sent me the same fries just reheated in the microwave. So disappointed. I will never return here and will tell all my friends that I once recommended to this place about the bad news.
Good sushi, a bit on the expensive side compared to all the other sushi near by. Service was attentive and helpful as my cocktail took a while to make it to the table.
Top-notch service Matthew is the best. Very friendly very courteous and does a wonderful job. Highly highly recommend.
Friendly service, food came out fast :)
I dont care what anyone says, this is by far the best Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food ever. I have not been able to find anything to compare. I wish I still lived in Pgh!
We called them to make sure they were open & there phone was disconnected. So I am guessing this restaurant has closed down.
Outrageous prices!\nSlow ass service!\nBland food!\nAre you over 90 and some wealthy Scottsdale Snow Bird?  Hate food with flavor?  Want to sit around and complain all dinner long?  This is the place for you!
My Daughter ordered take out a couple of times from Autumn Court when we were visiting. I was very impressed with the Egg Foo Yung. The house fried rice was very good as well. Good eats!
this is for the fireside lounge.\ngreat place to finish the night off or start it.  the appetizers were large portions and the well drinks were also great.  it has a old las Vegas feel to it
Their phone number doesn't even work, so don't even try to call in.
Best greasy spoon full meal diner in the area!\n\nAnd best greek salads!!!
Great sushi...when they're serving it. Their website and a sign outside the door advertises happy hour every day from 3-7 and 10-12 and when we went in last night at 10 they told us their kitchen was closed! Get your story straight, please.
This is sort of a cute wayside ice cream stand but the food is less than average and the ice cream is ok.  I haven't been there in over 10 years.  what does that say?
Very good Cajun Food...
I get the Chinese donuts. I don't know why they are so mind blowing but they are just amazing!!!!! I recommend trying them if you have a sweet tooth :)
My husband and I ate here three nights in a row ( no other option being available late  at night). 3rd visit and we see a cockroach scurry across the floor... We should have taken the hint and left but we didn't until one popped out from under the basket my dumplings were on! So disgusting!!!
As far as pizza goes... Um no thanks.
Completed my course 1. I think I did pretty good. I really enjoyed the class, signed up for course 2. \nYou can see how I did on my site.\nhttp://www.carmeloricarde.com/my-cakes-so-far/
Family medicine is so awful, I cry every time I have to make an appointment.
The staff was nice and the environment is nice. What is the problem then? Ate there yesterday and today 2 from my party is sick Including myself. We both ate the NY strip steak.
The sandwiches are very good, but for whatever reason this location allways screws up my order! They forget to put it in or forget to call my name and it takes 25 min to get my food. That being said the encore is very good, just be prepared to wait a while
Huge portions- which would be good if the food were better. The berries seemed like the may have been frozen at some point... The 'cheese' on the eggs was like cardboard. The hash browns were good though. If I had to feed a gaggle of kids I'd feed them here.
Got a pretty good deal on a suite from hotels.com. The room was definitely worth it. Hotel was great--I'll try to stay here again next time I'm in Vegas.
Prices are a bit steep (~$3 each for a small cup of hot chocolate and a small cup of cappuccino), but they're strong in taste.\n\nA good stop to make after visiting the basilica!
Worst experience ever!!! I'd give no star if it was possible.
We always enjoy Wildflower Bread Companys food. Always fresh and delicious.  Today there is a long wait. Bit we were informed before we ordered leaving us the choice of staying or going elsewhere.  We chose to stay.
Love to watch movies and I love this theatre.  They have tons of options all of the time and really large theatres which makes it nice.  Always clean and lots of variety.
This is the worst place to come for a fill and gel Polish went there today and my nail Polish is already pealing
I met a friend here for dinner last Friday night. They had a fun drink menu and I enjoyed the \"passionate peach\" drink. They also have a decent beer menu. The food was good I had the jalape\u00f1o burger. I will defiantly come back for happy hour!
Horrible!!  If you want to be picked up and dropped off by a timely shuttle to the airport look elsewhere!  Rooms a dingy and gross.
They have a little of everything.  When the items on sale on clearance it is a plus!  The employees are super helpful.
When my fiance and I lived over on that side of town, we ordered Palermos. I got a chicken sandwich that the two of us ended up splitting. We both got food poisoning, so definitely wouldn't recommend ordering food from them...or at least steer clear of the chicken sandwich.
Very disappointing! He did a few magics but I really expected him to do more. If you get the ticket more than $40, it is not worth watching. Also, the seats were terrible.
Pricey, but outstanding service, excellent menu and incredible views of the Vegas Strip. Was here few years back on a tip from Wine Spectator, and just had dinner a couple of weeks ago with 6 friends. A lovely experience each time.
Il Purista sandwich is a simple sandwich that packs big flavor.
Cheap gases.  Prices are different if you pay with cash or if you pay with credit/debit cards.
Our friends recommended this place when we were visiting Pittsburgh. Unfortunately, we took their recommendation and went there. \nThe place is filthy, disorganized, and the food is just disgusting. Plus, not even cheap!\nDo not go there if you like clean environment and tasty food...
Have been here twice.  Food was good and prices were acceptable.  Waitress was so far off her game...slow slow slow. Once food order got turned in food was served by kitchen staff immediately.  So first visit good second was ok.  I guess I need another visit to see my final opinion.
This four star is for Brian! If you go here for your hair, go to no one but him! Fabulous job every time! Although, he can't seem to get my bangs right that's the only problem I've ever had. I would trust him if I was blindfolded!
I have been a loyal customer for over 3 years from this place and recently their food sux and their customer service is awful. Not only their prices are outrageous the cashiers don't know how to be polite and are very rude. We are done and they get a big F.
Tater tots! And I get to take my doggie to the outdoor patio. And there are beer buckets. EEEE!
Terrible pharmacy.  Never on time.  Lack of responsiveness.  No follow through.
I watched the show every single night while I was in town, sometimes during the day. It goes off every 15 minutes at night. The fountains go with the beats of music, which was up and down, such a fantastic show.
Excellent food, service , wins election and atmosphere! \nA must experience restaurant
Great place for mexican food if your white and never had homemade. Just like Seranos or any other chain, plus its more expensive.
After eating my burger I had to remind myself that I didn't go to in n out. I'll give them an E for effort. The fries needed some Viagra. They went Limp after 2 min. I'll be waving across the street next time over at 5 girls.
ZERO Stars... My husband and I both were not impressed. The food was over priced and it was either mushy or dry. Everything had the same flavor... Bland. Yucky
I think with some refinement they will be great. My Lo Mein had too much soy sauce (salty) and the sushi was on the bland side. The prices are on the high side especially for a limited menu.
If you want a chill, relaxed place to hang out, go here. You can sit inside or out. There's recorded music inside and often a live performer or DJ outside. The food is always tasty even if it's just typical bar food, and the service very good. Everyone is super nice there.
Terrible coffee. Like real bad. My friend's tres leches looked solid. And it offered a good view of the cheesy gondoliers at the Venetian.
Subway. It is what it is. My sandwich artist prepared my sandwiches as requested, didn't hassle me when I didn't want the combo and gave me my change accurately.
This particular Jack is sketchy very ghetto-ish Wouldn't recommended getting off n eating there. If you must, drive thru please... Employees are friendly n helpful but the customers... Just iffy
I love flavored popcorn GREAT shop many options!
I have eaten here many times, the menu has changed, food is OK.  $1.95 for sour cream, REALLY???  Enough said!  I will not be back.
It id usually on point but my burrito today wasnt hot .just meat cheese the cheese is still cold.not a good experience probably wont come back for awhile if ever
Well the front desk lady was nice at first. Then when I decided to leave (because the wait is ridiculous) she laughed and made a smart remark. I was still polite as she handed me back my ID. I noticed the prices have changed. It's more expensive and id be better off going somewhere else.
Great food great dining experience!!!  Thanks Carlo & Crew!!!
It was just ok. I had the $15 surf and turf. What can you really expect for $15. You get what you pay for. The apps were the best part. I thought the bruschetta was good.
Not the best pho place, I went here with a pho connoisseur and we both walked away dissapointed. The thing I remember most was the darker brown broth with strong clove flavors that I didn't enjoy. Still looking for great pho in vegas.
My new watering hole! Decent beer selection. Good food. Cozy environment.  Those two bearded bartenders make you feel at home.  I recommend the turkey sandwich, it comes on a pretzel roll and u get tater tots!
overpriced and over hyped.
Stephanie did a fantastic job on my half sleeve and skull and rose tattoo.  My fianc\u00e9 and I couldn't be happier.  Steph is relaxed, friendly, and as professional as she is talented.  Can't wait to get the rest of it done this weekend!
Tiffany was a pleasure to work with!  Her desserts are a complete package of taste and look!  A majority of people at my event raved about the red velvet cake pops being the best they have ever tasted.  Tiffany is flexible with her menu and with her design.  I would love to work with her again!
The Foundation Room Restaurant is for members only on most nights, however, the food, service and views is worth every penny.\nTruly, this place holds one of the very best views in all of Las Vegas.  The Foundation Room is highly recommended.
um, no. Group dinner here was terribly bland. Wine and food disappointed izquierda y deracha. This is the Olive Garden of Phoenix.
It's so yummy and spicy especially shrimp with basil sauce & Pad Thai. I m impressed with Chef that came to take care me. This is my new favorite Thai restaurant.
Basic Dunkin Donuts fare, but the staff is always so nice here any time I've dropped in.  They also produce your order faster than most other branches I've been to in Phoenix Metro.
Delicious chicken salad! Good atmosphere!
I am surprised to see a bunch of negative reviews. My fiance and I went here last night and had a great meal. Our server was amazing. We are from NY so this place reminded us of home and the food was very tasty.  I would recommend this place for some good Italian food!
The tomato bread was amazing and the Serrano sliders tasted so good. Every thing I had was delicious.
It seems like every time I go here, which is a lot cuz it happens to be in my area, their pumps are broken!\n\nWtf mate!
Do it.  It's free, it's fun.  The water dances to music.  What is there not to like??
One of the best southern food places I have been to in the western states. Much better BBQ than the Famous place. The families favorite restaurant since moving to Henderson.
I would not go here again.  About the size of a studio apartment.  I walked in and turned right around walked out.  There are several places in the Mandalay/Luxor that are better.  If you like t-shirts, they did not seem to have a dress code.
Sold a car to them and they were very friendly and helpful.  The sales manager was actually a nice guy.  I will consider buying from here down the road.  Please consider buying American people!
The menu is very odd, kind of chinese but not really.  I had the dumplings for appetizer which were fine and the chinese short ribs for dinner which were disappointing, not nearly as tender as I had hoped.  I did enjoy the goat cheese mashed potatoes.  I wouldn't go back.
Took an out of town friend for dinner last night.  What a hit. \nThe Curry dish and Ravioli with kale were our choices and were superb. \nJust wish the west side had choices like this but it's worth the drive for healthy, organic food that makes you go ahhhhh!
Trying to eat healthier, yet not starve, and \"the Man Salad\" was pretty good!
A lame lunch. No crab, no shrimp, no any kind of shellfish. Disappointed. Little Asian foo collection. Only thing I like is the gelato.
Arrive. \nOrder* with a waitress. \nDrink while you wait for a table. \nSit down an hour and a half later. \nEat. \nLots. \nRepeat next Friday. \n\n*two pieces of cod, fries and slaw
I travel quite a bit and stayed here a few years ago before. I can the hotel experience at SouthPoint has really gone downhill. I use to recommend it to people all the time, now I think my opinion has changed about that.
I hate u because I love u too much Amados.. I've ruined me.. Literally. My jeans no longer fit..
Cash only? Really? Debit is down after I drive all the way over and wait in line. You suck. Get it fixed losers.
Pool area and service was just ok. Not bad but not great. Odd feeling and a somewhat lack of emotion in the staff. Drinks were strong so that was a plus
Not bad but not very good. Burgers are tough and flavorless. Coleslaw lacking dressing so it was also bland and dry. The Only thing good coming from the kitchen was a milkshake & frys. Customer service was ok to say the least. Dining room help was much friendlier than the cashiers.
The food is awesome for a great price!  The service could be a lot better.  The location is alright, seems that most of the businesses nearby are closed down.  \n\nI would eat here again for the chiles and mexican corn, but only because it's close tot he casa.
Do not stay here unless you want blood on your sheets PRIOR to checking in. UNACCEPTABLE. WILL NOT PAY THIS MUCH FOR A \"6 star hotel.\"
My go to spot in Chinatown after Van Roy's had closed down several years ago. Food is always great. Always a special place in my heart for New Dynasty!
Great bartenders with the best bar food in town. Have never had a bad experience.   Highly recommend.
The food was good, but the service was definitely substandard for a $22 per plate meal.  Management made up for it, for which we were appreciative.  However, anytime management is summons to the table, it's not a good dining experience.
Stopped in this evening because we had never been. Good carne asada tacos. The corn has a cheese rub on it that I had never had before. It was very unique and different. Great prices too. If you're on the mood for some tacos, stop in.\n\nParking is rather limited though.
If you have any sort of complaint whatsoever expect management to laugh at you and then hang up the phone.
Spitfirez has the best food around, from their homemade soups, sandwiches, salads and daily specials you can't go wrong. I've tried just about everything on the menu and was never disappointed.  The staff are friendly and service is great.  You got to try them out!
Just Order a fish in four $21 this portion it's a joke!!! \nThey put more rice than the actual fish.\nI was very disappointment this time even after talk to the manager they still say this is the portion.
Just okay food, friendly enough wait staff, and rude management (had a similar experience to those described in some of the previous negative posts). Not exactly a winning combo.
Nice spot!!! They have a pretty good selection of mods, but not enough selection of juices. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Bought a ismoke tank and juice. Will be back.
Over all, so much fun!!! Dada life rocked it! We had a really good table, our host Forrest made sure we have everything we needed, including a super Hot server! Food was reaaalllly yummy! Which helped since we were drinking all day! The party was crazy but was good people watching.
A clean, friendly joint,\n10% off online tix\na bit out of town
Check in was terrible right now. There was only one person working at the Rush Tower and were staying at the carson. The concierge was taking forever with this guy that had no reservations. And there was more than twenty of us standing in line. I hope the rest of our stay this weekend gets better. :(
This is the best coffee in the world. The place is super nice, beautiful atmosphere.
I like the location in the container park but the cupcakes did not do if for me. I ordered the snickerdoodle and the red velvet cupcake. They weren't terrible just nothing special. The red velvet was better because the snickerdoodle tasted a little artificial.
I have worked with Magnus Title Agency many times and have had nothing but great experiences.  David Epstein is a truly amazing escrow officer that goes above and beyond what others will do to help.  I highly recommend using them during your next real estate transaction.
Food was delicious! Our waitress was right on with all her suggestions.  Good music, ambience, and food.  Also, the manager came out and gave us a special happy anniversary treat! It was such a nice surprise! Sushisamba made our anniversary dinner a special one.
Director very receptive. However my daughter was sick all the time, I almost lost my job.  I found out later, they were not washing the kids hands prior to meal times and my child was allowed to eat off other kids plates.  Loved the cameras but teacher had back to children quite often.
Over priced!
Their breads are the best. I really like the BLT Plus as well as their seasonal sandwiches.
was part of the cancelled party on friday.  Agreed, do not need to ever go to that overpriced restaurant,when there r so many other fine restaurants in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area.\n  claudia L
??? Closed  :(
This is hands down my favorite place to grab a beer and burger! The atmosphere is perfect and the music can't get any better. Their burgers are huge and amazing and food/drink prices are on par. \n\nFYI their porkster is the best damn burger!
Rude staff closed the door in my face at 9:59. I would have totally understood considering they close at 10. However the gentleman immediately in for of me was allowed in for some reason. \n\nTake my advice and go to the Culvers in chandler their staff is awesome.
I love this store! They have everything! And their prices are just right! I love shopping in ethnic stores, and I could just browse and buy in here all day! Short lines, friendly service and good food with a very good selection! :)
Average tasting cupcakes.  Not enough cake relative to the amount of frosting that is slathered on top.  I think that the overdone frosting amount takes away from the cupcake as a whole.  However, I must say that I love the look of the hot fudge sundae cupcake.
They are good. They produce your standard west coast doughnut. The flavor is solid, selection is good and the fritter, my bench mark, is well made. Over all 3 stars for being average compared to the others I have tried
Nothing to write home about.  Fancy noodle guy making the them from scratch. ....but the window dressing really didn't match or meet expectations.  In fact, a trip to Panda Express would have saved me $70 and we would have had a better meal.    Never again!
Good location if you need to be downtown LA. Service was excellent and rooms were spacious and clean.
Really great food. If you like sushi, this is the place to go!
Love this place. I tried about four or five other places before I found posh. I won't go anywhere else now.
It is a Taco Bell. The restaurant that was supposed to take over the world. Not as cheap as it was back in the day, but still good quick food. Friendly staff.
This place was decent for lunch.  I say it had average sushi.  I would try it again for lunch.
I will be back. Service was great.  Prices reasonable.  Food delish.  Yes, I will be back.
Absolutely the nicest folks here, the service is incredible. The food is always fresh and IMO very good. I've been going here for 5 years and the experience is consistently excellent.
Great Chinese food for a reasonable amount of money! I have been coming here for years... Best Chinese in Las Vegas, hands down!
all of the fried goods=AMAZING!   im a vegetarian, & didnt love the veggie burger...  but the fries were perfect & the shakes were DELICIOUS!!
Its really that good.
The food was really boring.  We got chow mein and the noodles were over cooked.  We hoped that in a place called \"noodles\" that they would know how to cook noodles.  Alas, this was not the case.  It was all just kind of average.
1 star is too much for them. Dont go there. They will give wrong informations to you to waste your time. This is one of the fxxk up place...
The food is always so good and the staff works hard to take care of you even though they are always slammed. The only issue is the noise level. Also the rosemary on the fries... But that is just my preference :)
Messy and not enough AC. Too crowed with sweaty smell. Will never go back.
The egg flower soup was so tasteless and bland. I was sipping water. The cashew chicken was alright but lacking in a lot of flavor and ingredients.
The pizzas are really good.  Better than any franchise pizza place in Toronto, but it is Vegas and almost everything in Vegas seems to be amazing when it comes to food.
Ridiculously large \"mini\" milkshake! It was really good though! And their prices seem pretty reasonable as well!
Most foods I tried here were quite good but not Naengmyeon.\nI especially like their tofu soups. Sundae soup is also what I like.\nThe service was not as good as it used to be.\nGood location (easy to find).
I am generally not a fan of chain restaurants.  I have an even harsher view when it comes to Italian chain restaurants.  All that said....I dig the Macaroni Grill!  Before they came to Charlotte, I used to drive 45 minutes out of my way to eat with them....in Greenville, SC no less!
They had a great  photographer, rooms are dirty and everyone who works here have no clue. Every time we ask a question we are referred to next person. Oh and Yappy Hour creates a stinky mess they can't clean the dog poop away fast enough.
Everything I've had here is excellent. Probably my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. The teas are great too!
Horrible service and gave our food to another table
Fresh hand pulled noodles.  Inexpensive.  Excellent!  I like the noodles with curry and shrimp. The mango juice, however, tasted  like sugar-water.  Taiwan Food Express, a few miles north on Dobson, at the Mekong Plaza, makes good fruit juice smoothies.
update since our last visit: too expensive and not worth the value or visit for bland steamers, oysters, and bits of fries.
Super cool place with an amazing bottled beer selection.  If they had that same selection on tap they'd earn 11 stars.
I stayed in the tower deluxe suite. I loved the hotel it was clean the bathrooms were spacious and the bed was very comfortable. I just hated how everything in the food court was insanely expensive. 4 dollars for a soda no thank you.
Been sitting here for over 45 minutes now. All I wanted to do is add a beneficiary to my accounts. Watching the employee work was worse than watching paint dry. Another reminder of why I should have taken my business to another bank!
Looks all pretty & yummy but service lacks. Literally stood here for 10 minutes without acknowledgement or a word. Only one girl working & she seemed annoyed to be here!!
Of all the things I miss most about Madison, the terrace tops my list. There is nothing like sitting with a group of friends, listening to live music, looking over the lake, eating Babcock ice cream, and splitting a couple pitchers late into the warm nights.... *sigh* absolutely nothing compares.
Best Latin American food in Vegas IMHO. I don't know what they put in that green sauce but I could drink it straight and die happy.
Best service! great food, happy environment! Paige the bartender is sweet and accommodating! You must come enjoy kabuki!
Wonderful selection of _Real_ espresso drinks; espressos, machiatos, cappucinos etc. Awesome La Cimbali machine, friendly staff. No frills standing tables to drink your espresso the way it's done in Italy. Highly recommended!!!
The staff of US Airways based in the McCarren Airport was very rude..I've enjoyed US Airways to/from other airports, but I will not fly with them through Las Vegas from now on.
The Chinese food here is among the best Madison has to offer. Order from the family style menu because it is much more authentic. The atmosphere is very casual and almost looks like a hole in the wall diner. However, the food more than makes up for this. I highly recommend if you're in mood for authentic Chinese food.
So far so good, always a great haircut. I love the attention!! Its a great polace and the scenery is SPECTACULAR
I just paid $20 for two drinks.  This place is delicious and healthy but the price is absolutely ridiculous.  The kale isn't fresh it's frozen. The drinks are good but not worth the price. Just juice at home or go to a neighborhood market.
Won't quote on a small repair without getting oil change ......    refused to quote me until I got in line for the oil change ..... not a smart way to build business.  I would call it bait and switch at its finest ! !    also OVER Priced when it comes to standard oil changes.
Salsa was very good. $3/each 'tacos' are a complete ripoff. Above average beer selection. Will be back for game day
This place's cleanliness is not very good, the food is fat, greassy and  barely eatable. We were VERY disappointed. Worst buffet in Montreal.  Do not go there.
I was a big Chipotle fan but the Chicken has gone down hill.
I love this place! Great unique gifts, good prices and it seems like they're open nearly round the clock! Nice added touches too, like live music and artists in store demonstrations..
Tasty, authentic.  A bit pricy (in my opinion) for the size of the paleta, but maybe that is to reflect the \"hand-made\" qualities?  If you are downtown Tempe and want a paleta, this is a great place to stop by.
The crab appetizer has no crab in it, very misleading.\nSmall and cozy restaurant, 10 table the most.\nThe food is not authentic Laotian food,
I really enjoyed the pizza and the dessert cookie. Will definitely be visiting again. If you have kids,  this place also seems like am environment that caters to them.
Just ok.  Chicken empenada was good, but given its size should have cost closer to $1 not $2.39.  Sandwich wasn't very memorable.  Might try it again after they have a chance to work out the kinks.
Thank you, Dr. Carrie!  Our past experience with all the pediatricians here in Vegas has been so horrible that it's so refreshing to find you so energetic, happy and knowledgeable!  Keep up the great service!
Great food, great service, great atmosphere. I had their buffalo shrimp and it was amazing. They claim to have the meatiest wings, I will be checking that out next time.Love this place,I will be going back soon.
Might have been great if the server ever brought us our drinks. Waited 25 min, said something, waited 5 more, and bailed. Not even crowded on a Sunday night.
they are not serious about food. stay away , i am not go back
white chocolate raspberry - ftw!!!!!!!!
Delicious! It looks like everything is made fresh daily. I ordered the wet burrito w/ pork. It's kind of like Subway in that you can have them add whatever you like on it. It was so good I actually ate the whole thing!\nWill visit again!
Had the garlic naan bread and Lamb Korma, spicy. Spiciness level was perfect and the garlic naan was very good. I'll definitely be returning.
Overall felt like the food lacked flavor. The jambalaya and gumbo seemed blah to both of us. The BBQ shrimp and cornbread were both good.
I would not recommend them to anyone.  The billing department is rude.  One person does not tell you the same as the others.  I have no problems paying money owed for services rendered.  Don,t expect Steinberg to assist in correcting their billing errors.
Very expensive with less quantity . If you are going for ambience then I would give 4stars but food with the money you spent is not worth it:(
Food - very delicious\nHighlight: sake orenji, wagyu and tuna belly sushi\n\nService - everyone was nice and have knowledge about the food being served\n\nIt's worth the trip off the strip
Have ordered four large (27+) take out orders over the past 3 weeks. Food has always been spot on and on time and delicious. Boulevard has been very accommodating, and there have been no issues, which is rare for such large orders. \n\nThey have made my life very easy!
Any burger place that I go to that won't let me have it cooked medium rare is no place for me. Not impressed with the fries either... won't be back.
Went to the Titanic exhibit which I enjoyed but the building itself is pretty nasty on the inside. Wouldn't want to stay or gamble here. I did get a picture of the famous O.J. white Bronco.
Every time I've been in this store the employees have been rude, I go to the Ulta in north hills and avoid this store even though it's convenient
So and so not as spectacular as the review! My husband thinks the food was good. We had the tasting menu and the Kobe beef charged additionally. I think this place is over priced. For this type of food, I personally prefer Lake House.
Enjoyed our stay here due to its fabulous location! Only reason for no five star rating is the beds. Not very comfortable. Needs improvement.
This buffet was just okay. You get pretty spoiled on the strip. The desserts were lame but the quality was otherwise pretty good.  Not as mant choices as I'm used to seeing but very clean and courteous service.
Stay away, made reservations, but seating was changed when we arrived. A party of 6 and all had poor meals. Sent a letter to management and never heard back.
I think I must have gone on an off night. The food was not good. The chicken was very very dry and slightly difficult to eat. It was fast and easy which was what we were looking for at the time but the food was unappetizing. The service was great and friendly.
Bought a Linus bike and other things from here, had some work done as well. Amazing, friendly service.
Delivery in 25 minutes!  Super quick and easy. The spinich, feta cheese bread is awesome.
Prepare for a lot of walking at this place as the hotel is huge. We got a room that was quite far from the nearest elevator so my girls and I got a lot of exercise during our vacation.\n\nI guess we got what we paid for since we got a good deal for the room.
I was there on opening weekend and it was a little packed but overall a good experience. Military personnell get in for free and the layout of the area is better than the one in Mesa; however just a lot smaller.
Pita Pit is a more interesting version of Subway, to me. You can pick from a variety of meats, cheeses, veggies, and sauces. Its inexpensive and tasty.\n\nThe staff was friendly and made the experience even better.
Just enjoying drinks but food looks good! Sevice was friendly at bar and atmosphere is very modern and clean
Food was ok, Vaca Frita tasted like salt and service was horrible!  Mojitos start at $8.50? Drink prices reminded me of the price gouging strip casinos. Service was so bad we skipped dessert....
Got a gelati with mango ice and vanilla custard. It was really refreshing and you get a lot for only $5. I asked for more custard than ice but instead he gave me less custard. I'm pretty sure he just misheard me so I'll let it slide.
Garlic Cheese Knots and Fresh Mozzarella were amazing! And the Calzone is MASSIVE!!!  I will be back!!!
The breakfast was very disappointing. I have not had any other meals here. However their desserts: cookies and pies are yummy. I don't think i would ever buy a meal here again. However i will stop in for a cookie or 2 ;)
Came here with a group of friends for a 30th birthday celebration the atmosphere was good the band was good the food was good but the waitress was horrible. Kinda set a tone for us . We felt rushed and then unattended to after only a couple drinks.
Cool environment, fun people!
Great location! No road noise, beautiful sunsets over the lake and wonderful New Mexican cooking. We had the green chill meatloaf and garlic mashed potatoes and washed it down with some Odells craft brew. Can't wait to try more of the many interesting menu items.
Service was so-so. Our server was very much in her own little world it seemed. The restaurant was clean and good came out fast but it wasn't anything to write home about. Standard cafe fare, maybe a little freshness would liven it up.
Very funny.
Love the pharmacy here. They are friendly, mostly fast and I am always in and out.\n\nMinus the bums and hookers outside this place is alright.
It might not be located in one of the best places in town, but it is worth it. Something that I really struggle with in Arizona is finding a seafood restaurant where the food is as good as the service. I must say that I have found it! Finally!!
Decent car wash for the price.
I used to love this place but lately the spicy level is off. I order green curry spicy level 1 for delivery. It was so hot I couldn't eat it. I'd say it was spicy level 9. Very disappointed.
Steaks were awesome. Melt in your mouth. Better yet when we asked to sit in the dining room rather than the back room they went out of their way to accommodate us
i was craving for sandwich so i went on yelp to search for a place near by. And i found this place. I ordered number 2, the steak was good but the bread is not great like i expected.  I would come back to try other on the special menu
Not so hot. The lady was friendly, but the selection was sparse. Just kind of a let down, but the last donut place I ate at was that amazing place in downtown San Diego.   Probably won't come back unless I'm in green valley and need donuts ASAP for a funeral or something.
The food is incredible. Delicious and fresh. Unfortunately, the service is terrible. It borders on uncomfortable how rude the owner and some of the staff will treat customers.
Food was good, portions a little on the small size for the price. Service was excellent. Our server Katie was great!
Blueberry pancakes were very bland.  No flavor at all.  Excellent service however.
We had a wonderful dinner here and I think I agree that this Japanese restaurant is more on the casual side but the prices are a bit high for the portion and the place. Our server Renee was fantastic and recommended great drinks and food. Thank you!
Don't see the big deal in these expensive burgers. Really? Won't be back not worth it
relaxing, very good location.  little cramped with small tables
I love eating lunch here. I used to work at a sandwich shop and thought that they were all the same but this one is the best ever.
If you are looking for an authentic southwest atmosphere do not come here. I would compare this to a Joes Crab Shack southwest style.  The decor was very cheesy. While the food was of good quality it was way overpriced. Did I mention it is overpriced? One and done with this place!
They have good kettle corn
Nice cafeteria featuring fresh organic produce and meats.  Free coffee in the morning.  Gr8 soups, salads and sandwiches.  I like the tofu sandwich.  Nice service and ambience.  Generous servings and reasonable prices.  Gluten free bread that's decent.
Customer service needs improvement , forgot items on my order. Fortunately manager was apologetic!! Got my items right
Smelled horrible in this place.\nThere was a cook or waiter sleeping on one of the booths.\nFood was solid but nothing special.
Decent buffet. Had the basics and a large variety of different foods. Some of the food was not as good as they looked or could have been better. I did however enjoy the fresh pasta bar and the desserts were pretty good. My cousin thought some of the staff was rude though..
Some actual stuff to buy!
I love me some boots! They have some amazing hats, boots, clothes, and toys for the kids. All of the employees seem to be nice. The prices are very good. Normally things are on sale and or really cheap. I buy boots/ visit the store quite often too.
I frequently this Costco alot. I usually come here to buy hard drives for work. The price is real good and seems like the Hard Drives I buy are always on sale.
Last time I was at this hotel is when Michael Jackson was still black! That's right, back in the late 80s! To my recollection, nothing new has really happened to this hotel besides a 2nd floor which is where the buffet is at now.
Confusing terminals.
What can I say bad about this place? It's trendy and fast. The flavor selection is great and the price is reasonable. We treat our family to this place about once a week and it's never been a bad experience.  I would recommend this place to any frozen yogurt lover and hope to see you here soon.
This is a reliably clean chain restaurant, suitable for occasions when one doesn't feel like taking any risks and is willing to settle for mediocre food.
Great time for dinner with friends. 4 of the 6 of us ate sushi. Everything tasted fresh and it was presented well. The server didn't hear my wife order her entree and thought she just wanted a dinner salad. But he made it right. We'll be back.
I would not feel safe using the ATM late at night.  Even thought there are lighting around the ATM and 2 cameras near-by, it still feels a bit weird going there at night.  The branch also need to have more parking spaces as near-by restaurants took the spots when it's suppose to save for the bank customers.
Best dive bar that's not a dive! Well-stocked bar!! Great drink prices. Friendly staff.\nAwesome pool tables. Only reason I'm mentioning this place here is cuz I wanna make sure they stay in business.
Outstanding job. Even completed a wax detail by staying late. The owner, George is a South Austin original. His family has been in the car wash business for as long as he has been alive. Nice to see him build and manage his own place.
called this company for an estimate.  they took down my info and promised to call back withing the hour.  they didn't, so I'll take my $ elsewhere.  thanks!
This is one of the best cafe in Pinal county.  If you are in the area, take the time to head off the freeway a few miles away from the chain resturants and enjoy some wonderful food and  a loving attentive wait staff.  There is always something yummy and interesting on the menu.  Enjoy this wonderful establishment!
cool atmosphere, great food, superb service. Real Wisconsin food! Worth the wait.
This business tends to have the cleanest, best mid-century pieces in Las Vegas by far. Their prices are fair for the level. They've moved from Main St & now are by appointment I believe, but it's definitely worth the time. Great owners too, a pleasure to deal with.
Just ate lunch here.   Very good food and great Value.  Chicken and broccoli was awesome.
Best fajitas ever! Love this place! Love the food! Love the the environment!  Great place to take your family!
Amazing food! Get the Pot stickers and the chicken and broccoli dish! Probably close to my favorite Chinese food place next to my house! (: I recommend trying them!
Would not recommend this to my worst enemy.  Boneless Chicken, terrible, step down from a crappy school lunch.  Salad, terrible. Pizza, also terrible, the box was tastier than the actual pie. Service, terrible, post high school rejects and not the cool ones. \n-try north side Nathan's or metro pizza
We went on Friday afternoon around 3:30pm for the Seafood Buffet. We were forewarned about the wait, but we went early enough, the hour wait we expected, was only 20 minutes.\n\nFood was great!  we went on the weekend for the seafood buffet.
Fooled by the ambience.. Bad food.
The menu was so confusing that I didn't realize that there was just black coffee, however you can't get it just plain iced with sugar. It has to be one of their syrups
They have a very wide selection of stuff to choose from and they can even do some unusual requests as well. They are always reasonably priced, on time and the quality of their product is always good.
Happy hour sausagefest apres 6 pm weekdays. There must have been 30 guys and maybe 5 chicks on two different occasions. Whoa! I like the specials and love the Malibu accessories spread across the walls. Way to get my attention!!
The burgers were fine. The sweet potato fries were lame, really soggy. The kids meal came with a cute gummy burger that our daughter loved but when she went to eat her apples they were moldy. I went back to get new ones and they didn't even say sorry. Disappointed.
this is  actually a pretty good mrkt the usuall fresh fresh vegies,flowers,organic meats,cheeses breads and my fave the guy w /the balsamic viniger and olive oil but this balsamic for 30 dollars compares to any higher priced  balsamic. open sundays
Very annoyed. Booked birthday for 10am. For 15 5 and 6 year olds. The place is closed. Did not mention that when we made booking.
Great taco's, that are nice and cheap. Plus I love the all the hot sauces.
My son and I are gluten free and they made great efforts to ensure that we could eat there when we went with my in-laws. The GF mac and cheese was amazing. I crave it!
It was okay..... I mean I was expecting more with all the hype.
This is a Wanna be Mexican restaurant. Horrible food. I don't recommend this place for food. If you want to catch the game and a beer that's a great place just don't eat there.
Love this place.  The atmosphere is cool, the food is fantastic, the beer specials are awesome, and the service is excellent!
This place is terrible, there food was cold and i had an undercooked chicken it was horrible the quantity on my plate was very low the pricing is crazy too overpriced absolute bad dinner
Great facility for outpatient procedure. The staff was very friendly, the doctors are experienced, and the recovery time was not long at all. I would highly recommend this facility!
I don't think you can go wrong with anything at Sauce.  This place is one of my go to favorites.  They also have gluten free pizza crust as an option.  Good food and consistently good service.
Never will I be coming here again! After waiting over an hour, our pizza was absolutely disgusting! Also the service was so bad, the manager gave me back my credit card saying the meal was on him yet I WAS STILL CHARGED! Unbelievable! Thanks for nothing Radio City....
Quick tip: don't order the spring roll for an appetizer.
Great Mexican food, good portions and reasonable prices. Staff was courteous and served in a timely manner.
Very quirky place but very good lunch. The kind of hole in the wall where you find business suits and tank tops. The food is quite unique and tasty. Very reasonable
I used to like this Mcdonald's location. But recently getting really disgusting. A lot of flies are flying around. Their floor is sticky. Tables and chairs are always nasty. It's really turned me off. I didn't get anything there!
This place is always delicious. I always start off with the anti pasto salad...best I've ever had. Pizza is cooked perfectly with very fresh ingredients. And the desert choke is the best desert I have had. Mouth watering. This place has so much to offer and is always busy but always has great service!
Just got in from FL. Here for three weeks, definitely coming back. Pork luau plate was heavenly, Mac salad was perfect. Rumbi island grill is #winning for your stomach and soul
The best hotel we've stayed at since coming out here in the last 12 years bar none.
Worst drive through service I've ever had ordering. Told me I forgot to tell him what size yet he never asked. No please no thank you, just mindlessly going through the motions.
Panera catering is wonderful! When you have to feed an office and don't have time to do a lavish menu, Panera is perfect with their delicious lunch boxes. \n\nI tried the Mediterranean Veggie Sandwich with chips and cookie.  Very yummy and bread is soft and fresh!
I went in regardless of their low rating because I didn't think it applied to their thai tea with boba!  I was soo wrong even the boba was gross. Its the first time I buy bad boba -_- I never thought someone can actually mess that up!!!!!
Great establishment with quality service that is timely and all for an economical price. I loved this PMs!
Much better than last year!  They must have a decent saucier now. The Alfredo was right on.  [Oh my!  I just realized that their sauces must now just come out of a can.  I wish they'd tell us if they are freshly made.)
This place has changed. food is less quality, staff is always changing. This place could be on top, but theyre not realizing, its at the bottom now.... :(
I laughed so hard during this show I thought I was going to injure myself. A master class in the art of performing comedy.
This place is kind of like a train wreck.  One between a train full of Jersey Shore castoffs and a train full of Paris Hilton wannabes.  Just stay away.
Had a pepperoni pie and it was at best mediocre.  The crust was terrible and the sauce was bland.  I know good pie and this was not it.  BTW what is up with the slicing of a pie into little squares?  Is that a Chicago thing?
This place makes me wish I live in the Phoenix area.  If we had one of these where I live, I would surely be close to 300 lbs in no time.  \n\nThe food is simply amazing.  Simple, flavorful, and very good portions.  Try finishing their special torta for a quick check on the portion size.
I ordered this delivery. The people that work there speak very broken English and it's hard for them to understand you. When we did get our food it was mediocre. My husband and I felt sick after eating it. Sorry but I wouldn't come back to this place ever again.
Wednesday NIght Happy Hour is pretty killer. Free cheeses, crackers, mussels, wings when you purchase any drink.  My friend and I shared a half price bottle of wine.
Love \"The Logan\" and ribs. The Staff is fun and can't get enough of the rolls.
Great place for buffet lunch. Unfortunately the same exact food is offered at dinner for 3x the price.\n\nStrangely we were at the buffet and at 315 were told they are ready to close and asked  us to leave.
This is actually a zero!! The SLOWEST service ever and all their kiosks are not working! You should have a separate line for people with reservations! Will never use them again for sure..
Basic dive with boiled dogs, some toppings, and french fries.  No frills served on Styrofoam plates.  Interesting throw back to days gone by and that's their hook.
the food was good, but vastly overpriced. were it $2 or $3 cheaper a plate, it would have been a++.
Off the beaten path Mexican. When the basket of chips came out there were three sauces to choose from and a salsa.  I had the house special. Huaraches, I believe, with al pastor, that would be the grilled pork and it was good.  I liked the grilled pineapple garnish.
I know it is your first week open but the speed and efficiency leaves a lot to be desired. Get it together and I will come back. Having to wait 20 minutes for a to go order when I was the only one waiting for food is not acceptable.
Really ALFUL! Do not go here! Had an appointment and has to wait 40 mins. Got a fill with gel color and the guy only did one coat of gel and color was spotty and got acrylic all over my cuticles. Nails were filed uneven. Wanted to cry and had to pay 35.
The food was actually bomb again smaller smaller tapas and what normal top it should be played at but the food was delicious and I would go again for maybe a date or if I had one of my girlfriends who are into that Spanish style come and see me.  Overall pretty boring but great great customer service!
I'm guessing they change the owners this place is not good as it used to be. It's a rip off.
The waiter service is great, the environment is great, and the bottomless memosas are awesome.
They don't really have a great selection. I'm not even sure they had any new releases. The majority of it is 70's & 80's rock. They do have really good prices if that is your musical genre preference, though.
After having some bad customer experiences at other establishments - jiffy lubes manager Steve was exceptionally pleasant and helpful - I glad we went there this am - we will be back thanks Steve
Service was on point and knowledgeable. I made a seat reservation, but arrived early and was seated. Had the pork belly which was amazing along with the sticky toffee pudding.
Not a buffet, but really good restaurant overall. Definitely not a \"five-star\" establishment in the traditional sense, but if you want good Chinese food at good prices with a true Chinese restaurant feel, this is a good place.
Im only giving this a 3 stars because I liked my seat... as for the show, it is jus a lil weird for me... the ppl on the show are very talented with wat they do and how flexible they are but there was like no talking or singin and i got bored with it.
I lived in Mexico for six years, and I have to say this place has some of the worst Mexican food I've ever tried.  I've had better Mexican food in Hong Kong!!!  The waiters are slow, and leave a lot to be desired in terms of manners.  The food tastes like nothing more than grease with cheese.
The place is a joke! Two scoops of ice cream with Hershey chocolate and 2 wafers for $7. I don't mind paying $7 for dessert if its something special. Should have known that 1 customer dining on a Saturday night was not a good sign!!! The food was plain gross.....
They charged me for iced tea that had a bug in it! I didn't want to argue about it so I just paid and left, I even tipped because I also bought my friend a beer. Disappointed by this experience.
Thank you Norterra Team for the amazing care of Pita Kitty!
Good place.  I really liked the big tall guy running the cash register.  He seemed to care about the service and product he was putting out.  Also, it was neat to see such a variety of people eating there.  Some didn't speak english, some were in suit and tie.  Food was excellent, but portions were kind of small.
SMALL and people just walk around like its a club. Smells and worst part not many machines.
I love the concept of this restaurant. Their sauces and pasta are great.  I give it a 4 because i have had multiple experiences where the chicken is tough and too chewy, also because they need to invest in some good breadsticks!
My new favorite the voodoo salad - the dressing is what makes the salad and the feta cheese enhances it.  The customer service is outstanding!
The skirt steak had so much flavor! I wanted more of it!!  The roasted chicken was delicious with mashed potatoes as well. Great deal two entrees and a bottle of wine for $49:)
It isn't terrible and it isn't expensive. \n\nBut it really warm and there were flies.
They will get your order wrong about 50% of the time.
The atmosphere was nice but the food was  overpriced.  Make sure you double check your bill, they add gratuity on 6 people and they don't let you know it's on the check.
Local, simple and delicious. This Italian restaurant is economical and family friendly. I had spaghetti and meatballs. Yum
This place has excellent subs and great customer service!  Kudos for having lots of veggie offerings.
David Piper took me there once. It was yummy. Must go again.
Pricey and salty. Shakes are good.
Went here for food on a Tuesday everything was undercooked hash brown pancakes french Toast it was not good
Still not quite sure what's in the 5 layer brownie, might have something addictive though. I tried one and a half brownies to try to find out. It was a little soft for my taste, but that was easily solved after a few minutes in the freezer.
Employee wasn't overly helpful or friendly.\n\nBummed they don't do any gluten free.  Got a couple cookies for my girls.  They thought they were just okay... and didn't finish them.
Came in twice on saint patties day and no service twice trying to get drinks this place kinda sucks
Food here is satisfactory. It's not going to blow your mind. I generally order the California burrito and it's good. But if your looking for something authentic look elsewhere. However, it does the job if your looking for something cheap and filling.
Painful this had to be the worst ever looking around people sleeping and really bored. Had great seats even free and couldn't wait for it to end. Be afraid be very afraid
Grabbed a buffet dinner. The spread was great, lots of vegetarian options. Desert was probably the weakest, but very good food overall
Met up with a friend here to have some drinks. The crowd was very sketchy. Lots of bikers and hoodlums. Was a hold on tight to your wallet tight type of place. Although I hear they have very good wings. Might have to hire a body guard and go check them out.
These people are deceiving & cheats! They promise you certain deals then do not honor them. We had to spend our limited time by going to the front desk 3 times to fight for all their hidden charges. Read the fine print!!! They deny they ever said things! Record them if you go here, we will never stay here again!
Good subs, better than subway.
Mandy is such a talented hair stylist! She's always super helpful with new ideas and tips on styles and overall care. She is flexible with her schedule and always puts her clients first. Going to her is always a relaxing and positive experience! Highly recommend her to all the ladies and guys!
Not only was the music the worst I have ever heard the wait staff was as annoying as ever! Like a wanna be swanky place in a strip mall that smells like fish and plays horrible music. Food was so so but over priced for what it was.
Hot food bar is not the freshest, but better than McDonald's!
Three stars for this. My wife ordered the Won Ton Soup but didn't like it. I had chicken parm which was good, kids had a huge burger and Chinese chicken salad, these three items were good. The service was really average. If need be we would eat here again.
I've been here a few times and the best thing about the garage is the atmosphere. The food is also pretty tasty, the happy hour is reasonable. The service is sub par though. I feel like the garage is a solid bar that wants to be a restaurant, but the service is holding them back.
Out of all the yogurt places in the Vegas valley this is definitely the worst. Weird employees and low quality yogurt. I think they are trying to be cool or edgy... Failing!
Consistently solid experience. Americanized Chinese food at a decent price. And they are open until around 11:00 during the week. It's my solid go-to spot when I need Chinese food.
Solid, good time! Grab a beer and bar food and it's a good night
Subways are supposed to be very uniform, but this was not. The meat was mediocre, nothing tasted fresh at all. And to top everything off, the employee insulted me, and my clothes, and was hitting on my sister. It was a very unpleasant experience.
Great turkey sandwiches.  Great outdoor dining.  Too crowded inside.
Sometimes I don't like to go in because it seems dirty and some of the staff looked real tweaked.  Kind of a nice humidor but don't expect real knowledgeable staff to be of any assistance.  I think a raid of this place would turn up some  unmentionables.  Proceed with a bit of caution
the ladies at ken's aren't as rushed as other places so i like that they spend extra time on my cuticles.  mani and pedi w/ polish and callus remover runs about $45, about the same as other places.  they are usually busy and i'd recommend appointments.
The service here is bad at best. The drive through attendant was unpleasant and I didn't even get a receipt.
We had the best Thanksgiving dinner at Arizona Charlie's buffet!  Fabulous stuffing, real mashed potatoe, great desserts!  No mess to clean up at home!  Thank you for working on this holiday and for making such good food!
This is a nice Starbucks. Their employees are always sooo nice and very friendly. I live down the road and stop in at least 3 times a week for my Starbucks fix and always have a good experience!
Good service and good place to catch a game. The tot chos were decent but my burger was over cooked. Overall, mediocre experience and may not be returning.
Great food, great atmosphere, but POOR customer service.  No smiles on the cashiers at all.  They just never seem happy to be there.
Great dive with cheap drinks and next to the light rail.
Bilbee and Geronimo did a great job with my project! I was blown away by the professionalism and the energy they brought to my job. I will absolutely use them again!
Usually the food is pretty good .  today the beef and meatball soup was bitter not sweet and there was only one meatball.  the fried rice was pretty good.  this has been our place for rice and noodles but I'm afraid there has been another change in owners .
Went shopping yesterday evening & had trouble sorting through all the expired food...bread outdated to 2 weeks ago yogurt from last month & my mushrooms I just opened to cook which are completely slimey & not fresh! To: Michele Goff
Kid club is not properly staffed. Second time in a week that my work out is delayed due to under staffed. They should have every staff member certified to work the kids club. This BS, I am paying for this amazing service too.  And this only my first week. Lucky me no contract.
The Nachos are awesome! Really cool environment to kick back, chill, and get your grub and drink on. Can't wait to come back!
What a crappy place, surrounded by crappy people to have to get a health card. CLOSED for lunch as we arrived... Are you kidding me? What a racket for unnecessary government fees....
We love TLC pediatrics! It is a 30 minute drive for us, but we trust them so we make the trip. We see Dr. Ramirez, who is fantastic. We've seen all of the doctors at various times, and they are all wonderful. Have made calls to the nurse line and always receive a call back the same day.
My favorite local wine shop....great people, great staff and GREAT wine! I think everyone should check it out...worth the drive to lovely Cave Creek!
Do not bother going to this place. They charge you for water ($2.00) and just for the privilege of sitting there ($2.50).  The food was not very good either. I will never return.
Horrible service, horrible attitudes. I created a yelp account to write this review. Absolutely rude and incredibly expensive.
Pretty inexpensive yet tasty chinese food.  We usually come here for the won ton noodle soups and order roast duck/roast pork and some side dishes.  This place is a hundred times better than Sam Woo.
This place is love at first bite!
This is my favorite running store. The manager is knowledgeable and helpful and is an avid runner.  Customer service is top notch. I always find the latest styles and up to date running apparel.
The draft beer selection is great the tapas style menu is a perfect match and the upstairs is a great after work gathering place. But the best thing about this place is the bartender named Siti (sp) he is one of the best in Charlotte.
Food was great. Salsa was really good. The only thing I didn't care much for is their prices. I think they should be a tad lower. The service was decent, but our waiter could have been a little more attentive. He was nice, though.
Great pho at a great price. Wonderful service too. My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas now. I eat here every week.
CLOSED DOWN\n\nI just love circling around a shopping on a Friday night looking for a place that no longer exists...... not!
Amazing sushi, amazing service! Can't wait to come back and try the other delicious items on the menu. :)
Almond milk - FINALLY, a cafe that knows that they are doing! Always the best, friendliest service :) THE BEST chai in all the land. Great smoothies too.
Awesome Mexican food. Mole way better than any other place in the valley. Chile rejeno was superb.
The assistant manager Lindzy was rude and stated we were late for our appointment. I clarified with her the time that we were scheduled.  She insisted she was correct. I came into the store the day before to make the appointment and was sure of the time. She continued to insist I was incorrect. I cancelled my appointment due to her attitude.
Very low quality room off the strip. If your looking to stay at a party hotel with people passed out in the hall  ways and benches out front this is your place. We stayed at the place and it was terrible and the room was half way cleaned checking in.
I eat here at least twice a week but there are some new people here that just don't get customer service. I had to walk out one day after 15 minutes and nobody acknowledge me or offer me coffee. I won't be back for a while.
No different than any other Cheesecake factory. I love the Cheesecake Factory. It's an American staple and I adore it. This one was interesting because it had that absolutely bizarre fountain outside it and there was no wait. INCREDIBLE!
Is this the same Michael A. Urbano who, according to the State Bar of Arizona, underwent a six-month suspension for violating various Rules of Professional Conduct? Always make sure you do your due diligence before you hire a lawyer.
Food has gone down and menu too. Ordered French dip sandwich and no horseradish sauce, dry. No dressing on Asian chicken salad, no barbecue sauce for sandwich ordered, garlic bread was plain breadsticks. Service is lacking and so is food. Doubt I will go back.
Well, I can't speak to the food or service, since I never got into the restaurant. We were told 20-25 minute wait for a party of three. After 35 minutes, and needing to get to a show, we gave up and left. If they had been honest, I'd would have been a lot happier.
Based on Yelpers' opinions, tried to order some take out. \nWe did not like the food. Period. They couldn't even make simple food. \nRating of zero is not available?
Delivery time was quick. Unfortunately, I ordered the carne asada fries and the fries were almost raw. It was so disgusting. The chicken quesadilla was OK. The guacamole was lacking flavor. I will never order from them again.
Not worth the money. Food isn't great. Service is alright. Can get more bang for you buck else where.
Great rooms. Very clean. A fun casino floor that makes you feel like you're in the big apple. Cocktail service is okay. Table limits are a little high for us low rollers. Great overall experience.
HELLO??? Does anyone know how to answer the phone there? I have called a few times over the last several months. NO ANSWER!! I called again to order catering. HA, what do you know...still no answer!!
Great breakfast food, great service, and fair prices! Our server was Francisco. Food was brought out in a timely manner. :-) I ordered the 2 shredded beef tacos with rice and beans. Yummm!
Love the Garlic Chicken, and the macaroni salad is awesome! Just the way i like with choke mayonaise.
I'd rather drive to c3 or castle Shannon to hit the drive threw. Fast food isn't fast when u have to walk in. Desperately needs a remodel.
Not as fashionable as I had thought it would be.
Good but not great Italian food and a little too pricey for the portion size.  The service is first-class but a little over the top - three different persons asked us if we wanted wine! And speaking of wine. the selection was extensive but they had no \"house wine\" (at a more reasonable price).
Very busy restaurant, waited 45 minutes without a reservation. Decided to get food to go. Bartenders and hostess were great, even gave us a free drink for our long wait. Took our food back to the hotel and enjoyed it. We'll give this place another go next time we're in Scottsdale.
Very friendly service, nice atmosphere and free wifi.  Coffee is good, not superb.
We ordered the Gorilla wings honey garlic to go (so that we could watch the game at home) and also order a Greek salad. The salad was okay, but the wings were pretty good. Crispy and flavorful.
I thought I liked Sonny's so maybe it was just this place, but the food tasted like it was all premade frozen dinners that were reheated.\n\nThe service was really excellent though.  My companion got the endless ribs and his plate was never empty.
This restaurant is inside NY NY Hotel & Casino..and it's ironic how they can't get my NEW YORK STEAK right.....medium rare please.
The managers here a really great.the sporting goods department is another story.the guy back there thinks he is an ammo god. Says he's humoring the cameras but he seems to get off on making people wait.the true definition of a goober.
Kevin was my tech and he is fantastic! The salon is super cute, they even have kids chairs for those of you who bring your little one to get her nails done too. I had a back fill with glitter tips and they turned out great! He was super attentive to detail made sure my nails were exactly what I wanted.
Never fail to eat at least one meal per trip here.  Top notch all the way!  Always exceptional service and food.
Ah, quite disappointing! The line was long and totally not worth it. Yelp, you've let me down this time!\n\nWynn Buffet is much better... this is just pretty average =/
I am SO addicted to the vegetarian Thai dynamite. I don't think I will ever be able to order anything else. The tofu lettuce wraps are also a must EVERYTIME.
I got caught at the wrong end of the Las Vegas strip way too late at night to go anywhere nice. Staff at Denny's was attentive for the late hour. Food was typical of a Denny's though.
They took ten minutes trying to find me in the data base while I was sitting in the Barber chair. I kept telling them that all I wanted was a simple haircut. I finally got up and left. They are more concerned with technology than what they are really there for, which is to CUT HAIR!
I like this place, they have good food. I go there a lot since its so close to my job. Their service could be better, but overall is a good experience.
Came in on a Sunday to watch football, and the experience was very average.  The menu was typical bar food.  We ordered nachos which were good.  No complaints.  The service was ok, and the prices were reasonable.  Several TVs, so good to watch any game currently playing.
My Favorite place to eat for breakfast, hands down.  Great service.  For some reason, even their tap water tastes really good.  Sunrise mountain is my favorite.
Fun ambiance, great drinks... Mediocre food.\nMussels came out undercooked and chef refused to fix them.
Not sure what happened to this buffet, it used to be good, but now it was blahhhh.....
We love this place! Everyone is so nice and helpful at Kimbur Pet Wash. They took good care of our dog Reese. We recommend Kimbur!
Franchised location meaning that just because 7 eleven have it, this one might not. Can be confusing. Once I brought in my super gulp to refill it but they charge differently. Not a big deal, but makes me wonder what else is different.
Omg.  Very clean, very bright. Horrible food except for the fried chicken..ordered a corned beef sandwich. The meat was old hard and petrified like stale beef jerkey.. $9.95 down the frigging drain. I tossed it out the window. What an insult...
In search for the best frozen coffee beverage; Their Java Chip definitely tops my list. Surpassed my expectations! \n\nNo excuses; just get here!\n\nOkay, downside is that you can't come in and sit; but its Vegas... don't you have places to be?
Favorite place in the Elizabeth area! Everything is so good! Try the queso dip or fried jalapenos for starters.
$6 for a dozen Texas Gulf oysters Mon-Thur.  We ordered 8.\nWaitress was slick and upsold us on alligator, which contrary to popular belief, does not taste like chicken.  Get the spinach dip with real crab meat - it's fantastic.
We saw Mary Poppins and three generations of us loved it- the show stealing was accomplished by the ensemble cast with this one. The star roles were also awesome but the ensemble scenes blew me away.
Nice cheap pizza. Sometimes there's a really long line and sometimes it's not as fresh but hey, $5 pizza. Can't be too picky.
Fantastic food, service and location.  What else could you want?
Good food. Poor service.  Under staffed during lunch.  Servers are trying their best to take care of too many people. Bar was unmanned for the majority of the time I was there.\nSimply put... poorly managed
Our destination for brunch when we stop on Nuns Island, Montreal. Nothing special about the food but reliable. The patio is quite nice on a summer's evening.
Fantastic food inside Paris Las Vegas.  Had the Filet which was spectacular.  Wonderful service that you'd expect for the price range.  Highly recommended!
I am a fan of the beer selection, and beer selection only- they have a great mix of really good German beer and seem to rotate it seasonally. As for the food, it's not fair for me to comment- I just don't care for German cuisine.
I give it 4 stars because I still like Boiling Crab (whole shebang) after trying HNJ out. Service was subpar. Waitress kept forgetting to bring us what we asked for so we told her not to bring it after we were done with our order.
Love hate here. Had good experiences snd horrible. Overall i usually have a good meal and i like the decor. Expensive for the area but a good date night place.
It's a clean and not too crowded store.  The service is good, they always smile to me and my kids.  My kids love the mango sorbet because it s very fruity and refreshing.  I highly recommend the popping bobs too.
The $5.5 for 2 slices of pizza and a drink is perfect for the cash strapped student. I found them to be well made. You also get 1 free refill on the drink.
After visiting Tottie's a few more times recently it seems at the owners/management is failing at quality control. Less attention is paid to detail and the taste is losing its pizzazz. I really hope they reflect on internal quality so the restaurant doesn't continue its downward trend.
Nice atmosphere, coffee and bacon. The English muffin wasn't very good nor was the $10 juice.
One of the best steak I has ever had.  Very pricey here, but it's totally worth it. =)
Very friendly, authentic food. Extra spicy option available. Great for take-out.
WAAAY too small. Ultimately I would find another pool party. Having lots of people is fun, no doubt, but the overcrowding really kills it.
Decent place for the west side. The only thing I hate is sometimes they a bit  aggressive on they're up selling--- some guys won't take no for answer and become annoying. Other wise they do a good job.
Honest, timely and friendly. Got us in the same to do a pre buy inspection. They did a thorough job while we waited and we left with peace of mind about the vehicle we were purchasing. We signed up for email service reminders and will definitely be back.
The girl at the cashier was not pleasant to deal with, it's not my fault you're working on thanksgiving!!!  If you hate your job then quit!!!!  You should have a smile on your face & make your customers feel welcome!!!
The staff was rude and unfriendly.  The music was so loud that no conversations were heard!  The food was amazing!
Decidedly confused pub. Trying to sell overpriced \"English\" tap brew in a frathouse atmosphere....
Horrible rooms. My first one had a broken toilet. Waited 2 hours and still not fixed so I requested for room changes. The 2nd room's key didn't work. Took them another 30 minutest just to open the door. Never again.
I was referred to this studio by a classmate. The classes are amazing! The studio is very nice with hard wood floors and regular and ambient lighting. The teachers are really hands-on and help you learn proper positions. Classes are offered several times throughout the day to accomodate every person's schedule. Try it!!!
Nice airport, lots of shopping, spa, food if you have a long layover.
I went back 2 months ago and was not happy. The ramen was so bland and the cost did not help me keep the food down :(
liked it a lot.\ngreat service and superb food.\ndishes were extremely tasty, the pork belly dish is a MUST!!!
I love coming here to get a sandwich after my workout but I'm going to have to start going to subway. Paulette and Justin in the deli are the rudest most unfriendly people I've had to deal with. And managers don't seem to care
Love this place!!  Love the trainers, classes and especially the kids world staff!!  I will say the d\u00e9cor is a little outdated but they have been making a lot of improvements lately, new equipment and d\u00e9cor.  My family enjoys the amenities and look forward to coming.
A buddy brought me here to say thanks for helping him move.  We were the only two there around 9:30 on a Saturday night.  He recommended the turkey burger so that is what I went with.  I found that it lacked flavor.  Sure, it was huge but it was bland.
Mediocre food. Extremely slow, mediocre service. Why did we come here? Great Happy Hour prices on Mondays.... that's why... but is it really worth it? Probably not.
Except for the guy yammering about Foursquare at the next table, this place was awesome! Really good veggie options and delicious tabouli in a cool neighborhood.
Best theater in vegas
When I went in there there was all sorts of sticky goo in the freezer than had leaked out from foods which should have been frozen. They also sell food which has already expired.  \n\nThey are very conveniently located for me, but I go elsewhere.
Breakfast is not very good. The potatoes are old and soggy. Sausages were dry.  I would not experiment too much here as they can't even get breakfast right.
This place is perfection! After going a few times with my boyfriend, I can see how one could crave some chicken and waffles on a Sunday morning.  Don't sleep in too late though because you will wait if you hit the church crowd.  Don't skip the grits!
I've been here twice and both times have been pretty good.  It's a very friendly atmosphere with good service and the food is fresh, good with nice presentation.  It gets a little loud, but still a friendly atmosphere.  I would definitely recommend checking it out!
the potential was there, good looking food, anemic portions. but cold entrees, and cold service overshadowed the whole experience, at preposterous prices...hope this is productive feedback. - a disappointed diner who was rushed out from his table.
I'll keep this short and sweet. I bought pre-sale tickets to above and beyond which was a good idea because we waited about half an hour to get in. The place was nice, big, and clean. The people were dressed very well. Lots of good looking people. Some creeps. Sexy dancing.\nLove it.
This was the doctor's office I used all throughout college. I was not very satisfied on many occasions and they actually mis-diagnosed my friend and gave her the wrong mediction. I guess that is what you get on a college campus!
Had huge problems with my insurance.\nKenny in the pharmacy made a ton of phone calls and went above and beyond.\nI have severe back problems and without his help I would have been back to the hospital.
I love Picazzo's!!! If you are gluten sensitive or not this is the best restaurant- give it a try you won't be disappointed.
the guys are nice and helpful, they got me a battery and a new phone shipped out to me right away. thumbs up!
Good Greek food, but a little pricey.  We enjoyed out meal and our little girl had a nice time in their outdoor seating area.
Great burgers very fresh great toppings and a awesome price  very and clean inside and the service very quick
Service and staff were nice and friendly. I ordered the Monte Crisco, which was the ham and turkey french toast sandwich. The though of it was good, but I felt like the inside of the sandwich was undercooked. The sandwich itself was too thick to get the egg cooked or at least hot on the inside.
A great place.  We have eaten here a few times and it the opportunity to have healthy minimally processed food for not much money. The day they decided to give away free bowls in exchange for donations to anti-bullying campaign sealed the deal.
This place is pretty great! I love there Hawaiian BBQ Chicken! Their Spam is delicious!
The pizza was mediocre at best. I ordered a roasted veggie, and I honestly prefer the Kashi frozen pizza over Manolo's version, which was greasy and a bit too crunchy. It was also a bit too pricey considering the quality.
The food here is fantastic!  We tried the tamales and the green enchilada.  Both were amazing.  I absolutely recommend eating here.
This place gave me an undersized sandwich and food poisoning that kept me consistently on the toilet for the next 48 hours.\n\nI'd definitely avoid and so should you.
Ive been coming here for years. Its right in the Chinatown district. The food quality is very high & very good. You consistently get the same quality every time you come here. If you decide to eat in, the restaurant is cozy with ample table room and is a very quiet setting. Service, however is hit or miss.
I've decided to boycott this location.\nEvery time I dine in or take out, the food is very different.  Different portions, different tastes, always different...\nI frequent the Desert Ridge location, so not all is lost :-)
Way overrated ! Maybe at one time it was better, but not now, plus the Rio is a little out of the way, and yes I had a rental car.
Had to knock off a star for NO MORE DIM SUM!! Yikes!! That's the only reason we stopped by to eat here, I was sorely disappointed they stopped serving dim sum about 3 months ago.\n\nNo dim sum, no bueno.
Food took over an hour to come out. Wasn't only our table everyone around us had the same issue. Food just takes way too long to come out not worth coming here avoid
I came here a while back for the holiday display and had a tremendous time.  The gardens are simply spectacular.  When it's cold and crappy out, it's nice to meander through the warm tropical gardens of the conservatory.  You'll be impressed by what you'll see.
We went during lunch/dinner there were not that many people in there... the waiter was very nice! We ordered Sichuan dan dan mein... it was AWESOME! with the had stretched noodles!
I haven't been impressed with Sprint's service since we've been with them but today they came through for us.  Well at least in promise. I'll have to wait until November to see if they follow through.
I got the bagel and lox plate. I thought capers, smoke salmon, hard boil egg with a bagel sounded good but eh, it was okay. Not memorable or worth 12 bucks.
Our go to place for consistently good food and a great craft beer selection. My favorite are the Lobster Rolls and you can't go wrong with their oysters or jumbo shrimp off the Raw Bar. The chicken wings are also near the top of the best in town list. Sit at the bar for the best service and active conversation.
EExcellent shrimp with scallops and risitto. Rich and cooked to perfection. A++ in my book.
I'll give Roka credit, the must have read my review, offered to make the next visit a better experience and offered a gift card, so I'll give them another try.  Hoping for another Chicago-Roka experience again.
Got her at 8:50 1 car ahead of me I asked if I could be done in 30 mins...yes was answer. Here we are 30 mins later and no one has touched my car. Liar!you could have just told me.
permanently closed!!!
Propane, smoking woods, seasonings...  They got all your BBQ needs!\n\nThey got grills, fireplaces and all your backyard needs...  Cheap bundles of juniper firewood as well.
Don't do it!! I should have left when the foul smell hit me before I made it to the door! The staff was not rude and the beer was cold and well priced but the lack of decent food, zero ambiance and stench will keep we from giving it another try.
Zero Rating\n\nThis place is a dump. They are so pathetic, that they have vehicles towed from their parking lot adjacent to a bar!  Losers!!!!
Good food for a very reasonable price. Close to the baseball stadium and not nearly as crowded as the other restaurants.
WORST SERVICE EVER!!!! Seriously. Get it together, Half Moon. It's too bad because the food is decent. Waitresses have no idea what is going on. Asked for a manager and no one knew who it was. It's complete chaos.
Much better than Subway especially the tasty french bread the sandwiches are made on! However other than the bread I didn't find anything special about my sub. The location is great-conveniently located downtown near lots of businesses. The service was good and my sub made quickly. The food was nothing special.
I hit this place once or twice a week. Food and drinks are amazing. Cool place to just chill.
This company is a JOKE ! The office lady is a complete B****,and needs to learn customer service. The only good thing i can say about this company is the pump driver mike was on top of his job. If you need a pumping service go else where
We were looking forward to this bar but was a little disapointed. Kind of a ego-driven Hard rock type decor.  Enjoyed the music but food was just okay.  We thought it would be fun and kind of honky-tonk but it was just another generic restaurant.
nice\nclean\nnothing really special\nit was nice to walk downstairs and see the lions\nbig room even with an extra cot in it\nbig bathroom
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =\n\nSo sad to see this excellent restaurant close!  It was veggie only but the food was so good you didn't even miss having meat!     :-O
Had a networking meeting here and it is a great atmosphere!  Loved it, going back soon I hope.
The food is excellent, nice fancy but modern place to go. Out of my normal price range, but is good for a special dinner!
Went there friday night  it was really poor service rissoto wasn't fully cooked. My wife likes the chicken bryan there but caesar salad was old. Just don't recommend it
Horrible! Worst buffet ever! Way overpriced for the terrible food they serve! Yuck! I obviously would never recommend this place.
The show was a little bit short with a rush ending.... I actually saw the audience running from the stage to the audience...
I really like the drinks here, the chai is legit and they have this Prickly Pear iced tea that is amazing when they have it. Good place to chill out between classes but they shut down pretty early. Fulfills all the requirements of a coffee place.
I waited 30 min for two Oreo blasts. They weren't even made correctly so I left mine on the table. Wish I would have just got my money back. Never going back
This is pretty much the run-of-the-mill asian buffet.\n\nTheir American food selections were sub par.
Pretty solid Ethiopian food. My only comparisons are Chicago-based, but this was a nice find. (This is really late...so I hope they're around and still serving the same I had - it was awesome!)
Not a big fan of it. Price for lunch is okay but not for the dinner. Worth a try but that's it.
Hope you're not in a hurry...2hour wait, have screwed up my records in past visits, no one really seems to know what's going on...doctors are fine, but service is atrocious...if u cannot handle the schedule, you need to reduce how many you see a day
IHOP is one of those places you go to knowing its probably not going to be good but even then you get disappointed. The crepes were really bad but the pancakes were ok. The waiter was nice but the girl up front was really rude and had a \"don't bother me\" attitude. Just typical IHOP.
Had this for a breif meeting and it was so great! The house salad dressing had so much flavor. &the chicken pizza rolls so tasty. Nothing not to love about this place.
Was in Vegas again, ate there 3 times, of course had the raw clams, tried Alaskan Chowder, pan roast, and gumbo, gumbo was good, chowder and roast awesome, going to try the linguine and clams next time.  All 3 bowls were totally empty when I was done.
Awful customer service!! Woman with a tattoo on her neck was so rude . I will not be returning
Great pizza and calzones, I'd you try this place you've gotta try the garlic knots...they're great.
I am a big fan of outlet malls but this one is not very impressive. Traffic in the parking garage, overcrowded stores, small food court and prices are still relatively high and some store don't even have outlet prices. Still I keep going back there because of lack of alternatives so far.
Stay away. Salsa is bland and under seasoned, portions are tiny and expensive, rice OR beans (not both), chips and salsa cost extra and include only one refill on chips. If you want to get nickel and dimed and leave disappointed, this is the place for you.
Not worth a penny of your money.  The food is just awful.  It's equivalent to Chevy's.  So you think Chevy's is great food, you'll love this place.  If you are looking for decent Mexican food, however, steer clear.
Website claims dog friendly area but there's nothing for dogs here.
Liz is the BOMB! :) No one is allowed to touch my hair except this gorgeous hair goddess; I will make the extra drive every time to see her and over half a decade later, she's still my one and only! She is simply AH-MAH-ZING!
Everything I have tried here has been great!  Tuna sandwich, jello, desserts, salads..
Theyre burgers are awesome ! What makes it even better is happy hour on slushies and a great variety of flavors to choose from ! Im from la and my cousins stay down the street from here so every time I come down I have to hit this sonics up
Good place to hang and watch people. Their BBQ, is one of the better in Charlotte.\nWhere else can you find Deviled eggs?
$25 all you can eat sushi. Great food and service. But make sure you watch the amount charged on your credit card before you leave.
Awesome smokey taste, tender, and items like fried ochra make this a must: recommended. The ribs were fantastic.
Don't bother scheduling your appointment in advance online(they never received my reservation even though I had a confirmation number.). Also make sure you give your name at \"check-in\" to at least three different people to make sure you get on the list.  Worst customer service.
Food here was just ok, and I'm pretty sure they are using MSG still. Every dish (including the house special chicken over which everyone was raving) was heavily salted and just plain bland tasting. Three stars awarded for quick and attentive service and reasonable prices. But I won't be returning.
Ordered a suprime pizza and a half pound hamburger. The pizza hardly had any toppings and no sauce and was cold when it got here. The hamburger was not even close to being a half pound. It was a cold patty and lettuce that's it...
We met local friends for dinner. After checking Yelp we ordered margaritas which were fine- both the Skinny and the classic. Chips and guac were fine as well.  The entres were OK. Service, so so in a large very loud space.
Quality of wash and services are terrible ..after 20 years the amount of rework is to the point it's not worth it.. sorry Vicky
Very reasonable, especially if you have a players club card. So get one for the buffet. Great place to take the kids, and very well priced. Menu items from pretty much all over the globe. If you are in the area, or staying here, it is well worth it.
My girlfriend drug me there. I didn't get any polish, so they massaged me longer. Really nice and personable people. Will definitely be returning!
Our lunch/dinner was perfectly prepared and excellent!  Loved getting my burger medium, as requested.  Claudes enchilada dish was stuffed with fresh lobster and shrimp.  Our waitress was one of the best we have come across.  We'll likely ask for her next time we stop here.  Her name is \"Crystal\".
Great bar food and atmosphere. I usually get the grilled buffalo chicken wrap. They have good beer specials and a unique crowd. Only problem I have is with the salad options.
Coffee cake ! If yelp wasnt lagging and would have let me check in, you would have gotten some eye candy....... But I ate it....Drive thrus, no matter which starbucks it is, are always crazy busy. The staff was quick, efficiant, and nice!
The restaurant was very old school but nicely decorated and service was excellent.  The wedge salad was ok but nothing great and the steak was the same.  For the money there are much better steak houses around.
Finally an quality acai spot! Just bummed it's not closer to me in mountains edge. I had the Rise and Shine and it was so delicious! My husband had Berry Good and he said it was berry good! There's so much I want to try and I'll be back!
Delicious!
Their al pastor tacos are ridiculous...best I've ever had!!  Be prepared to wait though.  It took me around 45 minutes to get my food :(
I can't believe i chose this place for a quick meal in Vegas! It was terrible! the meat in the Stromboli wasn't cooked and this stuff could've been old because it made me feel very uneasy after i had it. The service is not that impressive either!
The food here is just ok. I have had the ravioli and was not very impressed. The garlic bread is very good and the meat lovers pizza is very good. Overall a cheap italian dinner but not a regular place for us.
Good place to start off if in Tempe.  The look outside and inside remind me of a Pearl Street Bar and Brewery in Buffalo, NY.  Good food, good drinks.  Has Home brew beer.  The waitress was nice and friendly.  Made you feel special.  Prices were reasonable.  Its about a 7 of 10 in my view.
arguably the best Brazilian in LV, fogo de chao ain't got nothing on these guys. my favorite place in las vegas
I highly recommend Dr. Tammy Reynolds. She's personable, professional, and extremely caring.  You will be in good hands.  I really appreciate her.
I desperately needed some lunch and came on this gem. I had the Almond Chicken Salad sandwich on a fresh 7-grain bagette with corn & bean salad. The sandwich was amazing. I didn't really care for the salad, but that didn't taint my experience.
This hotel was just ok. Location was good. The lines to check in was ridiculous... The resort fees were $22-25 a day luckily I had a roommate and we split the cost.. I had a good time in Vegas but next time I wont stay here.
The usual Del Taco...inside and out.  Fast and efficient service.  A good location.  Del Taco has amazing and cheaper food...try it!
The salad doesn't have enough cheese!
Difficult company to get landscape work completed.  Look elsewhere as there are more professional companies in the valley.
Food is good. Cool ambiance. Very clean.\n\nChips are terrible though cold and chewy. See if you can get a substitute. The cook said they make them in the morning and serve them all day....
The atmosphere is inviting, the food is fabulous and the waitstaff are very nice!  Go and see Chad.  He will take very good care of you.  Chad is awesome, so personable and outgoing!!  He is such fun, you almost feel as though you are at a friend's having dinner!!
After going here more and more often, the less I like it. The food is okay, but the biggest thing is that the prices are really steep and you're going to find way better taco places elsewhere.
To say this place is over-priced is an understatement. $4.05 for a 16 oz. cup of coffee? Starbucks is cheaper than that! Of course I could have had free coffee on the casino floor if I could find a waitress!
Went again. Wanted to be seated at a table in the bar to watch sports. We arrived at 5:00 pm. Every table in the bar was empty and reserved for a trivia tournament of some sorts. They refused to let us sit in the bar. The staff was not helpful at all and so we left. Very disappointed.
I am always greeted with a smile when I go to Hurst family dental. Going to the dentist sucks but they make it easy and quick. There efficient, timely and best of all friendly.
This place is just the middle of the road. The curry and the ramen individually are MEDIOCRE but the fact that you can get it together is the best part. On colder days being able to have both is the great Japanese comfort food.
Not impressed...the inventory is old and outdated. Most of it looks cheap...not a plus for anyone trying to sell their pieces.\nI also do not like how they make you put your purse in a locker...I get that not everyone is as trustworthy as I am, but it turns me off.
Delicious!!!!  Every single time!!!!
good service and decent food. ive been spoiled by good viet food and this place isnt bad at all.. i guess i have to adjust to paying almost 10 bucks for a bowl of pho and 5 for 2 spring rolls, when i was used to paying 6 and 3 respectively in tx. other than that i cant complain
Love the chicken fried rice on the spicy side.  The manager here at this location is awesome she runs a good crew. Stop by if you have a chance it's worth it.
Food was not fresh, bland, and overall unappetizing.  I love this Middle Eastern food, but this was a disappointing meal.
My best advice is to pick something from every category. The combination of all the dishes was just simply delicious! Not to mention the friendly staff with good recommendations. I give it 5 stars.
Fancy restaurant with nice decor. Appetizers were great and wine was good though little pricey ($130 and this was one of the cheaper ones).\n\n\nTried risotto with lobster entr\u00e9e and it was blant and not at all impressive.
Home of the incredible exploding burrito. This place is awesome if you want to wear your food. Actually, that might be better than eating it. :(
Great, close, and a good vegetarian selection for me.  I felt guilty paying so little for the good food we got!  We will definitely be back.
Very cute place, however, waaaaaayyy overrated! Try the frozen hot chocolate if you must, but definitley does not compare to the NY location.  Definitely not something as great as the hype is!
A chocolate lovers paradise! Everything is chocolate themed (even the walls lol). Awesome staff, got a sample of chocolate syringe (before and after you put it in the ice box).
A quick Thank You to the Tempo Creative Team for really boosting our sales with the internet PPC campaign and SEO.  We ended 2012 with one of our best years revenue wise (been in business since 2005) and that is HUGE considering the economy and election year!  Thank you again and look forward to maintaining this momentum into 2013!
Went in at 10:15 and the kitchen was closed, even for the late night menu. Not cool. Will not be returning
I used to live at arroyo apts right across the steeet I liked their food if u live I  this area its very convenient and a good change from burger king and the norm. itz not olive garden but def. good food. and quick for a last minute idea
We had lunch today what a hidden gem... All ingredients are fresh,  family run and great tasting..... Do not let the ambiance fool you,  it's nothing fancy but the food is the best around and a great price...
Produce never seems very fresh..\nBought some hot dogs and only noticed when we got back they were past the 'use by' date by a couple weeks. \n\nService is alright, but the employees usually seem in a bad mood.
One of the best meals.  The steaks are aged and melt in your mouth.   Fast a day prior so you can enjoy an appetizer, salad, entree and dessert.  This place rocks!
I just went in today to get a haircut. The lady that took care of me did a wonderful job and I would recommend anybody to go in there
Be careful with this company , because they arent doing their work correctly. And they send you to colection although you pay upfront. This company does not know what they are doing.
So far this is lunch (See pic). My To-go order is taking forever.... Of the one California roll and 4 pieces of salmon. I prepaid, why? I would have left.
Cant believe I haven't reviewed this place yet. Born and raised in Montreal this was always the go to breakfast spot if you were in need of a good stick to the ribs breakfast. This greecey spoon is the home of the famous MishMash, Creation and marvelous hashbrowns.
Awesome authentic Indian/Pakistani food.Very kind welcoming hosts, very affordable,do yourselves a favor and eat here!
Small and cozy. Nice and friendly waitress.\nTo small selection, roast beef was over cooked and dry, same goes for the turkey.
I did some real quick Christmas shopping here and it seemed like it was reasonably priced and they had a great layout and some pretty good sales. It's a new store and is probably similar to Michaels but with a cleaner layout.
Cozy and dim lighting. Food is okay - large quantities for take-out, watch out!
Burger cold when served. The cooks let your food sit for a long time before it is served. I won't come back.
For the Las Vegas locals...\n\nDidn't pay cover, but drink prices are high (shouldn't it be cheaper than the Strip?).\n\nCome here if you want to avoid all the tourists and if you don't feel like dressing up to go out and drink.
Not a really a fan of Denny's but came for a free breakfast since it's close to my house. \nThis location was clean and the waiter was friendly.
I ate here on Thursday, November 15 and got food poisoning from the wings. Let them know so they could pull the batch but they said it was just me and offered a free pint as compensation. I won't eat here ever again.
Average quality, barely, and lacking in taste and originality. The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily. \n\nThere were a lot of families here... they must have cheap kids menu or something.
This may become my new favorite spot. Nice wine list, live music, great staff and the food is amazing! The bar looks pretty good too. Def coming back for more many times to come. The seating is great, the lighting is nice not too soft not too bright. My hostess was a hoot! Portions are great as well.
Almost everyday I do my food shopping here. The store is  clean and customer service has always been courteous and helpful. Be sure to goto the deli and have them make you a sandwich.
great food. great friendly service.
This place blows. So slow and clueless. You can't pick up items in the other lines but I also wanted to buy and ship items. Was told I had to wait in the line to pick up then wait in another line to ship. Fuck this place!
The carne asada tacos are definately worth while!!! Large size corn tortilla, good amount of meat a d great flavor! They seen to have a good selection of other authentic Mexican food! Will go again
Nice little park.  Always lots of stuff going on and a ton of people.
Food is made to order for the most part (eggs were precooked).  Hot, fast breakfast that tasted pretty good. Surprisingly fast turnaround as well.
Got the Delux Burger cooked medium.  They say it's best medium rare, but my medium burger was plenty bloody.  The bread was excellent and the meat was delectable.  Mixed fries where delicious.  Nice shopping cart!!
This place is a rip-off.  $20 for your first drink when you get a free entrance pass.  Might not have mind it as much if I could have ordered what I wanted, but instate you get a cheat drink.  Don't forget you need to wait in line for 20min to get in a empty club.
I love diners!  We used to eat here when we lived up there.  The only thing I've eaten here were burgers and breakfast.  I enjoyed both.
Way too much junk in this store for as big as it is. Mexico produces more than just junk so they really need to bring some better quality stuff in!. It was 50% off which was good because the prices were about 50% too high for what they had.
Nice place would give atmosphere a 6 1/2 out of 10 and food a seven out of 10.  Often has good specials!
The instructors are the best.\n\nThe studio is clean and beautiful.\n\nMy family and I are having a great time.\n\nThanks America's Best.
Disappointed. I ordered a combination plate and rib appetizer to go. When I opened the container a few miles away the egg roll and cream cheese wontons were missing, and the ribs were more American than Chinese. Won't go back.
Fake promotions & cheeky rude bartenders. Promo people promise that you can upgrade as per their menu. Bartenders charge you full price.  Upon complaining,  they offer you a cheap shot made with horrible Sokolov vodka. Toxic stuff a.k.a butt rape ruffee!
Love it!!  Such great food!  Unfortunately, they do not honor discounts from Yelp anymore for some reason, so don't go in expecting to be able to use your percentage off you earned by checking in!  Otherwise, love the food and lemonade!
Verizon is worthless.  No matter what the problem is, they will not know how to fix it.  I have never seen a more useless bunch of people in my life.  Most of time, they don't even know what you are talking about.
Got my brows done very quickly and it was very inexpensive! \nShe listened to what I wanted and they looked great! \nLast time I got them done somewhere else I ended up looking scary/angry! \nThis time they were still thick enough with a good arch! Yay!
Loved the guacamole - so fresh.  The server said it is made after it is ordered. The food is great quality.
Can really say much about this place, it's just so damn good. If u love Thai or just plain Asian food come and u won't be disappointed!  My favorite is their red curry
Excellent customer service. Brendon provided great service. Very personable!\nWould definitely recommend this place. Very efficient
We had their cheese steak sandwiches.  Very good and very reasonably priced.
Crazy crazy crazy show, hella good. When you watch it you'll know what everyone is talking about. They had a love story, drama, action, action, and crazy action. Music was great. This is a show for all ages no language needed. Go, it's so so good.
OK at best.  A couple of bites of mystery meat!
Delicious food and menu options for their amazing Reverse Happy Hour!!! Friendly staff especially the Bartender!! I highly recommend the juicy steak medallion sampler, the crisp BLT wedge salad with chunks of blue cheese dressing and the delectable chocolate mousse!! All goes great with a glass of red wine!!
Kind of like being in a sweaty-teenager filled bar in Mexico. The upstairs literally smelled like vomit but at least there were two cops at the door all night. I guess you should check it out if you like to enjoy things ironically.
Food is scrumptious. Portions are small. Service is hit or miss. The menu items are beautifully written and I guess that is what you pay for. The hype. It is overpriced. The food and the drinks could use a bit of generosity.
I have nothing but good things to say. I would recommend Thomas Boley to anyone that needs representation. He is prepared to do what it takes to make sure you have the best possible outcome and will advise of all your options. His paralegal Mya is also quite sweet and very helpful.
This place is great!! Went here on a whim cause it was open pretty late on a Saturday. The pizza is so good I ate the whole thing to myself. The only bad thing is I was to full to order any of the crepes! They looked delicious as well.
Wanna pay $6 for something that tastes like yesterday's drip coffee with \"caramel\"? Well, look no further folks, Jean Philippe will help you out.  Truck stops made better coffee than that. Had my husbands white chocolate and it was great. Never again!!!
Worst company ever. Just witnessed them shake down parents for money and deflate a bounce house and make a birthday boy cry... Unreal. Do yourself a favor and find another business. If I could give negative stars I would.
Just the best.  I adore this place.  Very wheelchair friendly and the most incredible bread and pastries.  Not sure that they have an ADA bathroom but then I don't know if they have a BR for customers at all.
Only based off the Menudo on a Sunday afternoon. The tripe and hominy needed to be cooked longer.
Ehh.  Average food.  Fun tropical atmosphere, however.
Good beer at amazing prices compared to the Strip.  Very close to the pinball museum.  The bartenders were not friendly at all.  \n\nI can now say I have tried a Scotch Egg, and I can also say I will never try it ever again.  Ew.
this place was ok, service was alright, just too busy and crowded, food wasnt that good, was just hungry and it wanted some breakfast food...
When you need the best gates, security doors, artistic iron decor or cool ideas, stop here!!! These guys are AWESOME!!! Good family business!!! They welcomed and helped us when we moved in to the neighborhood!
This place is very small.  If your looking for authentic Thai food that tastes great this is the place.  Service was excellent too!!
Omg horrible service never coming back here again! I've given this place plenty of shots to prove me wrong but it just keeps getting worse and worse this time they took 20 minutes to sit us than another hour for me to get my food. The place was not even that busy. I'm done here!
This place is a no frills.  You're going in for a brat and beer, you'll get that.  There isn't anything fancy here, there are TVs though.
Slowest tellers and they are all pretty rude and pretend they don't know anything.\n\nAlso, do not do anything at the branch. Call and speak to someone at corporate or your account will be thoroughly mucked up!
Lazy and very slow service. Most of them are rude. they need to find a more polite staff or more polite people to work there.
I LOVES me some Waffle House (the best hashbrowns in town IMHO) but this location is not their best.
We have mixed feelings about this place.  Called long d
If you don't have better things to do, go and enjoy it.\nIf you have been in Disney or Universal Studios this is crap.
Wonderful food and service. PFC at its top form.
UPDATE: This location is closed. Boo!
Great service. Good food. I have some of the best in LA, D.C., NYC... It's the best I have had in the three months that I have been in Las Vegas. It's a touch pricey, but it was worth it to have a great meal, environment, and leftovers.
Great food great price.
Didn't have product. Very busy so we couldn't find someone that worked there. Probably wont be back!
Vartan what can you say about him that hasn't been said. A true gentleman, a humble man, a generous man... hospitality is A++++ at Ambassador. Make time to burn
This place should be renamed American Trashcan based on the crowd.
YAY!  I am so happy Calistro is in my neighborhood!  I love that they have healthy, organic, vegan options, but have a great menu that would make anyone happy.  I love that they have Arizona wines.  Their staff is very friendly.  We need more restaurants like this in Arizona!!
Great for a quick bite. The food is good although my chicken enchiladas seemed a little dry. I'm not typically a fan of Mexican-style rice, but I thought the rice and refried beans were yummy. My boyfriend and his brother really enjoyed their burritos so I'll have to try those next time.
Great and prompt service,; the food quality and presentation is excellent! Nice atmosphere in a European like setting. prices are reasonable.
If you bring a girl, find Mitzi. She's Colombia's most addictive export! Calypso was nice, but boring. Good times overall.
The best RV park love outside the pool area Harold the Owner is the best part of the whole park who cares about amenities when you have this guy at the Helm you can go anyplace. In life we meet unforgettable Landmarks and this Man Harold is class act all the way.
I came here from another oil change place that I wasn't happy with. They were nice and honest to me. I had a very pleasant experience. And the oil change literally took 10 min. :)
Freakin Amazing!  The roasted Garlic is a meal on its own.  The Carne Adovada is top shelf...  will be trying to recreate that this weekend at home....
We all need a good British pub in our lives. The bar tenders are down to earth. No frills just drinks and ok food. Great to watch games and after work HH.
By far one of my favorite places to stop by and collect and find good movies the record selection is good and they sell plenty cool animation toys. If your ever near a store you must stop by and check out there video game section they have all the old school systems we group up with and love still to this day.
It was good but not live changing.  I had the drunken noodles and they were just good.  The area this is in has two other Thai places so you might try your luck elsewhere.  However, you won't be horribly disappointed if you eat here.
Great service, very friendly staff, great location and unpretentious. And most importantly, great beer! This has been a new favorite local place to go on any night of the week. There are no TV screens so you don't have to put up with hockey fans!
I was outraged when I stopped here , the cashier took 10 minutes to figure out the previous order and when she was asked to ring an item up she said \"really\". I lost patience and left this establishment  .
I had so much fun when I was here with a bunch of girl and guy friends. \n\nThe decor has a british haunted mansion feel to it. The music variety is awesome and it's not as touristy as say, Pure. I was surprised at how DARK the place is so be careful walking around.
Nice and quite here & good food.
It's always a good time here, there's always something or someone interesting to see whether it's a Gun's N Rose's tribute band or a women screaming at a trash can for no apparent reason. There are bartenders lined up outside ready to serve and deep fried twinkies available for the taking.
Absolute worse service ever!
Very cool and casual place for great Italian food..I loved the ravioli with wild mushrooms and margherita pizza was awesome. .great value
I remembered this as one of my favorite buffets but our last visit was terrible. The food was mediocre and the selection was minimal at best. The long wait was not worth it and I don't think we'll be coming back unless they do an overhaul of the food offering.
The staff here was so nice! After being turned down at 2 other nail places for 4 walk in pedicures, LV nails were happy to accommodate us right away even though the salon was fairly busy and they were about to close for the night.  It was such excellent customer service that we will definitely be back again!
This shop is great. The workers are so kind and knowledgeable which always makes for a good trip.
i tried a sample they were giving out and i was suprised i really liked it so i bought a wrap, came with fries and a drink. not so expensive. it filled me up. if i ever go back to that food court at the mall, i'll prob eat that again.
Good beer. Good pizza. Bears game on the screen. Nuff said.
Great place, very well priced and great quality for the price.  Always packed usually have to sit at the bar.  It's our every Wednesday night joint.
horrible. Just horrible
Nice seats...pricey over - fluffed menu. Truffle fries? Really?  Got the chicken fingers with thai sauce...was just ok...next time I'll just go for the booze!!
great place
Good Irish pub with all the usuals.\nDecent beer selection.\nGood food selection from traditional Irish to standard american style.\nFriendly staff.
Customer service= Terrible. Went there to get my racket restrung and the guy was rushing me and when i asked for help he gave me attitude. I like their selection of Tennis stuff. Sport Chalet has a better environment and staff are way more friendly! I dont know if I will come back here.
I love Targets period, but this one gets 5 stars from me because they have an incredible ethnic hair products section. I was blown away.
Good tex.mex food. Live close so easy for me. Good margaritas. Decent service. Prefer the local mexican places, but this place is good and closeby. Upset that I don't get my work discount anymore.:-(  But will return.
reminded me of gordon biersch. close to the big hotels downtown. great if you wanna be around other tourists and not feel so dumb for not being able to speak french. their weird take on pizza was exactly what i wanted: raw milk cheese, sausage, onions. yum!
Got our food 1 hour we placed our order for 2 people. We got cold food, and bad service not a single apology but a bunch of excuses. Don't tell me it takes longerto cook chicken out of all the meats you cook. Surely not an hour for 6 pieces of chicken. If I could give it a zero, I would.
We stopped in here Saturday night.\n\nThis place is a great value for your entertainment dollar.\n\nGood music, cheap beer and great people watching!
Owners have really let this place go.. They're always out of everything. Rude staff that don't care if they're annoying their customers. And the constant haze of weed smoke outside is enough for me to retract my original review. So sad cause when they actually have what you want it's delicious.
I have never been put on hold so many times for so long just to find out if my reservation had a credit card on file. Must have spoken to at least 6 different people and nobody seemed to know anything.
I love their selection of salads even more so then Paradise Bakery which I am also a big fan of, and I loved their sweet potato sandwich! I also enjoy that they have pasta dishes to choose from. I am a huge fan of both Wildflower and Paradise Bakery for Fast Foods.
Really liked my Apple, Bacon, and Cheese Panini. The service was good and friendly and the atmosphere is nice for a bar. It even has a dining focused upstairs area for those focusing more on food than drink. Also, good fries.
Farhad did an excellent job on our carpets and an upholstered chair/ottoman. I will absolutely call them again. Highly recommend!
Everything was good until I saw the mold on the top of my cheesecake.
The food is okay. But the price was ridiculous. $78 bucks for 5 small pieces of steak. It wasn't worth it. The portion was really small. In the end, we were not full and we went somewhere else to eat. Don't waste your money.
Cool pizzas, all kinds of different blends. Shared a couple of pizzas with my friend and both were really good. Had the meatball pizza and \"the answer\", can recommend them both.
MOST Honest guys u will find, super helpful and get things done efficiently, cheaply and explain everything! Family owned and Chris, the office manager is awesome!
WORST experience EVER with a restaurant operator! The restaurant industry has been built on passion, love, dedication and perseverance. If you want to ruin a wonderful dinning experience this is your place.
I really love my acrylic/gel mani!! They have lasted really well considering I work in food. The staff is nice & do amazing work. Only issue I have is that the gel polish selection isn't that big. BUT I Will definitely be returning soon! Just a tip bring cash. (:
Loved this place!!! Great atmosphere and super friendly staff! Love the sushi roll choices and the different types of fish. The scallop topped with cilantro was probably my favorite!! Super great place, we will have to come back here when we return in February!!
The doctors might be good but the office staff are so rude and behave like they own the place. My wife had an awful experience even getting an appointment with a general practitioner. There are tons of family doctors out there who have much friendlier offices. Find some other place where they greet you with a smile.
My favorite bar in Vegas! Great staff, food, and beer selection. Best fish and chips in town. Great place to watch sports, and the ONLY place to watch international soccer. Also love the uniforms.
Loved RnR. I went last Sunday around 12. There wasn't that long of a wait and they have bottomless mimosas and bloody marys for $14. Even though it was packed the servers were quick to refill. Fun atmosphere and a nice patio with an upstairs!
I ordered the Eggs Benedict at Wanda's and it was very flavorful. The downside was that the egg was fried and no poached. The service was very good and the people were friendly! Definitely a place worth checking out. I was referred by someone from the DMV.
Took an hour to get one pizza!! Rude staff  n I wasnt the only one that was told 10 more min and waited 30
I don't like this particular store at all... customer service gets an \"F\"! Love the products though, just wouldn't get my Bath and Body Works \"fix\" at this location. Rather go to another Bath and Body Works.
The food is great, and when they say \"hot,\" they genuinely mean it. The maximum star rating made me cry into my food. This has never happened in any other Madison restaurant.
Just because some random mexican place has a duck pond doesn't mean you should waste your time and money there.This place is way below average and I live in AZ but it's so gross and unsanitary at this resteraunt that I wouldn't waste your time and money here.
Was not happy with the room.\nBefore we arrived I called to confirm type of room and amenities. But when I arrived it was not what I was told. \nCustomer service was not great, not my favorite place.
Great find for us as we were on PHX for the first time.  Best mussels that I have ever had.  Tremendous food.  Candied Bacon Salad was excellent.  Scotch Beef was tender and delicious.
Didn't answer the phone the first time. The second time they answered to tell me they were closed, despite me calling at 1pm which is during their business hours.\n\nI'll spend my money else where.
I wanted to try something different so I went to the grilled cheese truck.  I got the Sweet Sriracha Chicken Melt. Total w tax $8.20. \nHonestly, it was dry and nothing special. A bit pricey for a grilled cheese sandwich.
Food took a very long time to arrive and tasted like it was straight out of a can or jar.  Maybe they had trouble finding the can opener.  The colorful decor and low prices are the only things this place has going for it.
Good food, good service, but not the best Thai food but I really cannot complain.
When you need to get off the strip its worth the drive. Food was tasty, fresh and fast. Many Vegetarian options and friendly staff
Food was decent, they were extremely busy though, on a Saturday afternoon and didn't seem to have enough staff. Portions seemed pretty hearty, but I think I'd probably enjoy more during non-peak hours-the place was kind of a zoo, and all the staff seemed a little confused.
My new favorite spot to eat and drink! Excellent service and the food is phenomenal! I come here at least twice a week now and have tried almost everything. Highly recommended!
Good food.. great drinks
Clean and a quick airport to get in and out of!
This is the kind of place you should take your worst enemy. Order him a Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffles. And when he's done and the blood flow to his brain has slowed to a trickle, stab him in the chest. Bitch ain't going nowhere.
not very good
The staff is friendly, and the restaurant is super clean. \n\nAlthough the portions are way too small compared to the price. \n\nI'm not sure if it's the standard, or the fact that it's in Old Town Scottsdale
Tried the orange General Tso chicken entree and found the flavor...confusing. Maybe it should either be General Tso or orange chicken, not both? Also on the expensive side for what you get. \n\nOtherwise convenient location and easy take out option.
my friend took me here for a cappuccino today. it was the smoothest espresso i have ever tasted! i will definitely be going back.
Good service. Eggs benedict were awful...Hollandaise sauce is made from a mix and therefore not even close to the real thing with its pale, greyish color. Don't ruin your breakfast and order something else.
Love this place. Good quality sushi (with the perfect amount of rice), nice atmosphere & the service is outstanding. Hannah & Michele, you girls are GREAT! Sorry I didn't get the young gentleman's name, but you did great too!  - Dinner on 01/05/15
Yeah, yeah...I am a bad parent for feeding my kids burgers and mcnuggets.  I was all out of tofu and wheat grass at home.  Clean place, but NONE of the games work here for my kids to play on.  Need to find a different Mc Donalds that maintains their kids stuff
I recently visited Montreal last week (Oct7-11) Stayed at the Hyatt Regency Montreal which is next to Eggspectation. I ate there at least once a day! Great food and service! Even the manager waits tables and is very frendly. Best French toast ever!
Great Coffee, great food, Great scene
This food is terrible. The hostesses are hot, but the food tastes like one of those $4.95 all you can eat Chinese buffets. Seriously, the Emperor has no clothes. It sucks.
I might go back to this place if I lived in Asia and had not eaten Mexican food in years.  How can a kitchen staffed with Mexicans cook such god-awful Mexican food?  Phoenix strikes again!  Can not figure this town out.
Food is not gourmet but the margaritas are good and the atmosphere is usually friendly and fun.  I'm a fan of the pork chile verde, and of course - the cornbread.
This is my favorite Mexican restaurant, and in my opinion the best one in Matthews and maybe even Charlotte. It has great food and never once has anyone I know been disappointed here. It's service is good and quick. The food is great and seems to be always fresh. Definitely recommended.
Seriously! Best Fish Taco next to Mexico!\nI would give one more star if the service was little better....
What a great idea to fuse Korean and Mexican. The atmosphere is very relaxed, its looks kind of divish, but the food is so good. You cant go wrong with any of the tocos, I wish they would open one on the South side of town.
Best karate center ever.Highly recommend attending. Teachers are firm but fair. Facility is good and students are friendly.
great variety of food & very personable staff. \n\nLove the location too.\nvery nice place to visit if you're in the area!\nwill be back to eat again.\n=)
My baby shower went perfectly thanks to Joe! He was in contact throughout and worked with me to get the exact look I wanted, couldn't be more happier with the results. Setup/tear down was handled professionally. Highly recommend them.
The hubby and I both love going to the $5 classes. The instructors are very good and motivating. I like how each instructor directs the classes differently so you are not getting the same flow each time. The lavender towel at the end of the class is worth all the pain :)
The fire alarms go off at all hours of the night. Management does nothing about complaints. Children wander unsupervised ringing doorbells and running away. Bums are frequently seen going through dumpsters onsite. Your neighbors WILL steal any and all mail packages left at your door. And mail boxes are frequently broken into and robbed.
i'm giving this place 5 stars despite our waiter being a rude jerk!  i had the ronin burger and it was amazing.  i'm not even joking.  i'm crossing my fingers in hopes of one opening in san diego.
This service was absolutely amazing the owner was so sweet and considerate I paid $151 for 45 minute service. I was in and out quicker then I could have ever imagined. The price was also almost $200 cheaper then most places I checked. It was a quiet and safe environment.
Yeah i don't think so, went in there saw some meat and seafood guys walking out of the bathroom without washing their hands, i wont be  buying any meat or seafood anymore from there don't care how cheap it is.
you have got to try their mango frozen lemonade.\n\ntheir carrot cake and ham and cheese grilled sandwich are sooo good!
I eat here once a week & Love it.  I usually get the Big Spud w/the work on it.  Also chicken plater or wings.  Very good food & you receice alot of it.  Tell your Friends & Family about this place.  Yummy for your tummy!!!
I wish I could give this place 0 stars. Disgusting! We got take out. Sushi fell apart, there was sugar in the white rice. Yakisoba tasted old. Called to complain and kept getting the ' hold please, so sorry routine. Never going back.
How can you go wrong with fresh baguettes?? However I tried their croissants and they tasted like yeast and eggy... but the baguettes are perfect!
Yes, they are amazing. Go. Don't read anymore. Just do it.
Holy \"Made fresh at your table\" Guacamole!!!  My heart skips a beat just thinking about it.  Tex-Mex fine dining... at it's finest.\nAlso an important note:  One of my top five places to drink a house margarita.
I love this place. Amazing food from scratch and the service is always top notch.
My mom had to get her smog check in a hurry and we freaked out when we saw a ton of cars near their entrance. BUT, they had room and we were in and out of there in less than 10 minutes. They were friendly, quick and a smog check for $12? That's damn good!
:( I miss Avina, I make better Pho than this and I am a black girl. Pho broth has little beef flavor, which I don't understand because that broth can be made with a flavor cube. I am reaching out are there any other places to get Pho in North west valley?
Worst experience ever! Customer service poor have no idea about what should they know, the manager was despotic, caotic and mean, they charged us for a nonexistent warranty, when we asked for a solution everybody was rude, but again, the manager is the worst, shouting orders and paying no attention to my.
Good food, very reasonably priced, great service! And they have prosecco for a great early dinner drink.
The torta did not have any flavor and the beans were warm but not enough to melt the cheese that was places on top. :-\\
This place went out of business shortly after January :-( So unfortunate when a great place somehow disappears...
I followed my trainer, Carolyn Vanzlow-Edgar, to this gym. She made an excellent choice. All of the equipment we need is here, without the glam machines. A serious place to get the job done.
Ugh. This place is conveniently located in my commute and I want so badly to like it!  I have has 3 bad experiences now. The people are friendly, but that doesn't make up for the poor quality of food!
Expensive for what you're getting.  Food is good.
All You Can Eat Rice\n\nBy offering nigiri only with the all you can eat buffet (with a big chunk of rice under a tiny piece of fish) and insisting (rudely) that you will not be served more until you eat all of the stomach filling rice, they are not doing much to ensure a return visit.
Best mojitos in Town. Worth taking the Mason jars size! Full of fresh mint and lime even during winter.
Stay here with my wife for 2 nights over a birthday weekend.  The views were great but the room was so hot even after calling for maintenance.  Not sure for the price I would recommend it to anyone.  Casino is small but nice.  Location on strip is good.
Best dive bar ever!!!  Cash only, no windows...  Go here when all else fails or at the end of a long drinking sesh.
I stopped by Mardenely's on 7 August 2010. They are out of business.
High quality ice cream, great flavors, and a Pittsburgh original. What more could you want? :)
OK. It's a giant buffet. What I liked about it (other than the waiting in line, which is not so fun) is that it has many healthy choices amidst the usual fare.
I've gone here a few times and had o.k. service.  Nothing is ever impressive, i cant remember anything ive eaten here.. its forgettable :)... but the crowd is always friendly..  Last time the guy beside us gave us a pitcher of beer he ordered but couldn't drink ;)
Just not good but I've had worse.  The bun was mashed down and you could see finger prints.  will not go back
Wonderful atmosphere. Friendly service. reasonable priced good food. \nWe had two of the 540 calorie dinner entrees.  Was ok.  Used a $5.00 off coupon.Thanks.
Nice location and great food. It was my second time here. I ordered a large Salami Pizza with extra Ham. Pizza looks & taste very good.
Omg all i have to say is get the mac n' cheese pizza. (Mic just dropped)
Giving three stars because my girlfriend liked her Torta. I ordered the chicken enchiladas and found the chicken to be very dry (as if any juice was squeezed from the shredded chicken) and the sauce to be very bland. Enjoyable atmosphere, and decent service.  Just not sure I'll be back.
Just like macaroni grill.  Not a fan of oily over-cooked pasta.  The salads are overdressed and super salty.  The serivce was terrific even though it was Mother's Day.
Happy hour are awesome with great prices. I do recommend the hummus and the quinoa balls. The environment is very cosy and the staff is very friendly and polite. We love Haley because she is beautiful polite and always remember our drink.
Can you say SPORTS MEMORABILIA? But I have to say the food stands on its own. I had trout, my husband baby back ribs.  Attentive service. Festive energy. Families, couples, golf foursomes. Wander and enjoy celebrity photos, autographed baseballs and bats...
Order a slice, fold it, eat it, love it.
Yuck.  Low class stuff.  What a dump.
This place is amazing ... Very close to Native indo Chinese food ... I love the crispy chili baby corn and Mushroom as well. Also the fried rice varieties are awesome ...and of course the masala soda \n\nOnly disadvantage is they give very less quantity at times ..
Pricier, less tasty version of Wicked Spoon.  There's more variety than Wicked Spoon, but I feel like Wicked Spoon has better tasting things.
This place has great pasta dishes. My favorites are the chicken parmesan, lasagna,  chicken and shrimp Alfredo.  The pizza is mediocre though.  The service is so so..
GREAT customer service.  The cashier Jacob was very helpful with my to-go order, plus probably three or four other employees smiled and greeted me while I was there ... and I was only there for 20 minutes or so.  It was a really great experience and I'm excited to come here again.
Great food, but go during lunch if you can it's a lot cheaper. Atmosphere was just ok but the food makes up for it
Meh. Nothing special about The Vig. Certainly nothing there worth the wait. Kind of a pick up bar type place.  food is just ok. Again, not worth the wait. Friendly staff though.
Great changing beer list, without pandering to the mainstream boring choices. Manager Paul is a class act.
Came here for brunch with the familia. Portions are huge and the flavor of the food is larger. We were taken care of by the super attentive manager, Adam. Top notch service! Everybody loved their food and the French press coffee is amazing. Definitely recommend giving it a try!
Good serviceable bar food.  A inexpensive meal and better than places like Showmars and about the same price.
Amazing restaurant right on the strip overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  Must eat here every time.  The bread and steak is great.
I never thought I would say this but I actually enjoy going to the dentist now thanks to Dr. Hill and his team.  Allie is amazing. My teeth have never looked or felt better.  They have great hours, amazing staff, top of the line technology and they are super friendly.
I'm not a big fan of Mariotts (prefer Starwood properties), but this one is relatively new and certainly full of amenities. The location is unbeatable. Cigar bar at the lobby is pretty cool. But, the wifi speed is wimpy.
The subs are okay. Both times I've been in here the staff looks like they just got through smoking the hippy lettuce in the back. The only real bright spot are their brownies.
celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary there-BIG mistake-the view was really the only good part.  Food was fair, prices outrageous, and overall, a very uneventful experience.  Told the manager, who offered to buy us a drink at the lounge-no thanks-couldn't wait to leave.
We started a Willy Street bar crawl here and it was a solid choice. Truly delicious bloody mary and the first that I've had which came with a garnish of brussel sprout. The omelette wasn't memorable but it was tasty.
Feels like home. DataCenter galore.
The food is delicious and with all the coupons they offer, you can get a healthy meal at a decent price. They have a big selection of veggies and my daughter likes that they have tofu. The chili is pretty good and my son loves the pasta.
Good food and super fast service. Even at it's busiest times, you can get in and out pretty quickly. Good for takeout and dine in.\n\nEven though this is a chain, it's a great choice for Asian-style food.
So good!!! This joint and Harley's Bistro in midtown have the best pizza in the city!!
The WORST sushi in my life. Too undercooked sushi rice (like long-stored bad grain), not fresh,smelly and dry fish (low quality). \nWhat should I say more? In my dinner menu, wine was only thing I could eat.
Hostess is not 'on' it. Waited 5 min before she even acknowledged me. Other than that, seems like a good place to hang.  The food was a bit mediocre.  Nellos is better.
Girl up front rude and they need to speak English  I got cheated with the price they told me something on day and the very next day didn't honor the deal I tell you don't go there there is another wash around the corner much better
The wait staff was excellent. They accommodated special requests beautifully. The Greek Salad was excellent, and the Portobello Pita was outstanding.
I got my hair cut here today.  Generally, I know that I am pretty picky about the cut I get.  However, this was was a mediocre experience.  The girl did mostly what I asked.  She just seemed afraid of cutting to much, as she left my neck line rather hairy.  I probably will not return.
Don't waste your time here. This place is so slow you will die of old age before you are treated for what you came in for. Lethargic, non-caring staff and I'm pretty sue the doctor naps in between patients.
Decided to try this place out after we saw a movie at the galaxy theatre. We just got one chocolate cake pop for $2.50 although it was good I thought the $2.50 was a little much.  I can go to Showboy BakeShop in Anthem and get an entire cupcake for the same amount.
Great little find in Scottsdale for Kids Resale and fun stuff for Mama's too!\n\nWorth the drive from Goodyear!\n\nGreat deals, clean shop, very organized, kind owners.  :-)
Great coffee, great atmosphere, better employees! Be sure to get an iced drink during the summer, it can get a bit hot!
I usually drink more than one glass of orange juice and this restaurant doesn't charge for the refill which is great.\n\nGreat price as well.\n\nWill come back here when i want to have a traditional american breakfast
These were seriously the best crepes I have ever eaten. The staff was super friendly and gave us some complimentary (and incredibly delicious) homemade granola while we waited for our breakfast. It's refreshing to have a unique place like this in south Tempe.
Solid breakfast no matter what you pick, can't go wrong and the coffee is always good - service efficient.
I took my wife here for her Birthday.  We opted for the regular menu.  The food was excellent.  The service was a bit off as we found ourselves looking for our waiter more than once.  The wine list is extensive and expensive.  Overall, a great experience.
Wicked Spoon, Aria and The M are my favorite buffets in town.  Top quality of food without all of the salt and fillers.  Wicked Spoon takes it up a notch with the variety of items on the buffet. SO good, either breakfast, brunch or dinner!
I like the Boar's Head deli inside this store.\nI have stopped in to buy some quick necessities (usually booze).\nConvenient location, and beats running in to a grocery store just for beer/wine, but the alcohol prices are a little high.
What gives?  Donated items at over inflated prices...wump....wump....
This company uses mixes....yes mixes. I know a friend who has worked here. Thats selling something false and lying to customers. They should be ashamed.
I won't write a long review here.  This place does not warrant it. You have to wait in a line to get into the shop that really doesn't have much to offer.\n\nI was very unimpressed. Do not pay the $65 for the pawn star tour. You will be very disappointed
Well worth it around 12 bucks for dinner ,the food was tasty, descent variety crab legs are always a plus
Food is very tasty. I had the green lemon plate and it taste amazing. The service however it's poor and the cashier is an ass. It was my first time eating here and she make it quite hard. I didn't tip her!!
Entering Visart Video is like what I would imagine walking into Netflix would look like. The selection is ridiculous, varied and endless. Visart put's Blockbuster to shame.
Lunch buffet was $14 and worth way more! Amazing pizza, steak, asian, mexican, desserts etc. Of course we found this on our last day in AZ but will definitely be back. It was the best tasting buffet with the best selection I've ever been to.
This place was great! I went in there to get my Drive Time oil change (warranty), and I was in and out in a half an hour! Restored my faith in Sears Auto.
Yeah, it's cheap. But my shirts come back crunchy. Could be better, could be worse.
This is the type of place where you should eat poutine. Just a counter, kind of seedy and near a few strip clubs.
This is by far my favorite place to get a burger in Las Vegas. Not only are their burgers amazing, but they have the best truffle fries. I hate going to the strip as a local, but I go way out of my way to visit this place. I wish there were more of them!
Of course..nothing can beat waffles from Brussels (particularly from Maison Dandoy). But this version tasted super artificial..like waffles from a box.
Need heaters!!!
Solid deli.  Nice people, food is good not great.
This place has the worst, most horrible service ever!!! Even when your sitting right at the damn bar! Don't ever ask for a side of hot sauce or anything that doesn't. One with your item. The little botches behind the bar can't seem to figure out how to make it happen!
This place is full of evil and grease...pure grease with some cheese and orange sugar....
Looking for a really good cupcake found this place on line store was cute and counter person was pleasant. Cupcakes were dry and to much stiff sugary frosting did not compliment the cup cake.  Save your almost 9 dollars for 4 of them they are the same as grocery store. Family must of reviewed this shop try one and see.
We went for restaurant week, and while everything was good and the gastronomy was impressive, I feel like the regular menu is a bit pricey.
Employees gathered in the back chatting so empty no only did they not notice me i had to call their phone on order to get them to come to the front
Probably the best porkchop I've ever had,  super flavorful (got it medium rare). Fondue is wonderful as well, also got the Four Seasons beer they had on tap and a Moscow Mule, which both complimented the meal well. A bit on the expensive side but well worth the price.
I tried one of the spicy burgers ..its ok ..definitely not worth the money they charge you for.\nShakes are fries are good . \nA decent selection of beer.
Just enjoyed a warm Bacon & Smoked Gouda breakfast sandwich and a grande iced coffee w/ 3 pumps white mocha, shaken! Even though the drive-thru was backed up once I got to the window my order was ready. Nice staff!
Another of AZ's Fine Public Works!! It's a beautiful place to walk or ride a bike. I'll update as I spend more time here!
I had my truck in here for major repairs as well as my wife's Suv. They did fantastic work on both occasions, both cars looked brand new when they where complete. The owner Jason pays attention to the details and will make sure things are right if you have an issue. They surpassed our every expectation.
This is round the corner from my apartment as I'm visiting from the UK and the bagels are great and the service seems pretty good
I needed a new key for my car and he made it in no time. Not only was he quick, but very friendly. Highly suggest.
The best breakfast ever !!!  Andrea our waitress was great, very friendly, and prompt.   By far the best on fremont street. Highly recommend! Delicious !!!!!   Oh almost forgot Prices are very reasonable for the quality of food.
The beer here was pretty tasty. The meal I had, though super yummy and a large portion, was not worth the amount I paid.  The music was DEAFENING, the service was slightly lacking  (confusion with the orders, no split check, unhelpful) and overall experience was meh.
The chicken is amazing!  The pastel de nata is highly recommended as well.
I am a native New-Yorker so this is one of the few places in Las Vegas  you can get a genuine NYC Pastrami or Corned-beef sandwich with real kosher pickles.
First time I went there thought I was in heaven. It's like Costco but for beer, wine, and liquor. They have pretty anything you are looking for, even the hard to find limited items. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. You can taste test, buy kegs, and they even have wine and beer tasting events.
Great for either a snack or a full meal. I don't think I'll ever order Nachos anywhere else. The Sopapillas were also standard-setting.
Having grown up in the South, the food does not compare well with the BBQ I grew up with.  TeX Mex was marginal at best.  Ridiculous price for a tiny pour of bourbon.  Will not return.
Great company to deal with.  Honest people who provide a great service!  Very pleased with the entire process.   Highly recommended
She judges. 'Nuff said.
Best Chinese food in Vegas!
They did an OK job on my car. We got it detailed. But it took almost 2.5 hours when we were originally told 1, and they still left some stuff dirty. But I could tell they were working hard.
Absolutely amazing. Best service, food was excellent, and a great atmosphere. I will be back :)
No longer a hand car wash place. I had to drive my own car through. (Guess I have to try the 7 Hills hand car wash place.) This place still has great greeting cards, though!
Had a WONDERFUL baked lasagne for lunch here a couple of weeks ago.  It was out of this world, crazy good!  I can't wait to have a chance to go back to try their Napolitana-style pizzas.
No bar, no casino, no pool, no restaurant, $8 self parking. \n\nFine, nice holel rooms. But really no bar, no casino. \n\nKnock yourself out!
The food is not good. I've been to Frida a few times since it opened, and I've never been happy with the food. The margaritas are pretty good, but definitely not great. If you can lobby your friends to go to a different restaurant, I would.
Customer service and experience was horrible due to the fact that everything is poorly run. I would not think twice about staying here again! Rumor has it you guys suck.. oh wait its not a rumor you guys really do suck
Solid Thai food in a nice atmosphere. It wasn't very crowded, but still took forever for my water to be refilled.  We tried the Pad Thai and Panang curry.  Both were good.  Overall a nice place in Ballys, I enjoyed it!
Great service... they were quick but fantastic. Lots of Gel colors... not so much regular nail color choices. But the price was good and they were very clean and friendly.
Pretty good deals for happy hour.  The bar looks real busy with tvs and tall tables.  Beer's are a little too pricey for it being in Peoria Arizona.
The best of the best. \nNothing else to say. \nMust go back soon with more friends.\nHighly recommended this place for meat and BBQ lovers.\n\nAlso the \"champion\" plat is really good.
Great food and atmosphere.  Very upscale and friendly.  Favorite is the kick-ass filet for dinner.  Great lunch specials too.
Love this spot.  I drop by everytime I am in town to pick up southwestern trinkets.  Very reasonably priced.
Went on sat night and did not have a great time. I had 6 other girls with me and end up leaving 30 min after we got in. I argee with Jean L. the crowd is DEFINITELY older (around 35-65).
Good food.  Quick delivery.  *CAUTION*  The $2.00 delivery charge is not listed on the menu.  SURPRISE...It's listed on your bill.  *CAUTION*   A tad pricey.  Oh yeah..I live in Pittsburgh now...
If the classic root beers and sodas don't sell you then the burgers will. Lots of choices of burgers but every one of them is great!
This is where dreams go to die. Filled with smoke and old, depressed people. The restaurant is filthy and the food sucks. At least the waitress was really, really friendly. I felt bad for her that she ended up in this craptastic place.
very nice suites here\n\nthe service is good and THEhotel and pool of mandalay bay are the best.\n\ndefinitely recommend.
Great hummus and gyros. Tasty menu. Can get pricey..
One of the best burgers I've ever had. I want to try them all!! The cheddar tots were kinda weird but not bad weird. Would get them again!
Everyone is incredibly rude and act like they are doing u a favor allowing u to book at their hotel.  In this economy they will never survive.  What a bunch of assholes.
Rajbhog !!! It's correct to it's name  !!! Nice place for Indian food in Charlotte University area. They serve Chats, Lunch & South Indian basics...!!!
Love this place. They definitely know coffee. They serve some of the best coffee in Madison - and do so consistently! Made with care each and every time. The chai is pretty good, too. Nice staff and great music choices.
Do not get any sides for breakfast unless you wanna eat it later their portion sizes are amazing and I always make this mistake everything I tried so far is great even the steak! People are very nice and some place I always think about going to in the morning
Came here for the first time today and everything was amazing, the bull roll was phenomenal! They have an great selection of saki, which I happen to have a tasting of. If your looking for really good sushi at a great price definitely try it out
Delivery is slow and not even close to the best Chinese in the area.  No matter if it's rice or noodles or chicken or pork, everything tastes off--like it's been overcooked in mop-bucket-water.  Try House of Lee instead.
service was excellent.  Staff was attentive, flexible and professional.  My room was clean and comfortable.  They provide complimentary breakfast and happy-hour which made it even a better deal
Tried to call to make a reservation number on web site was wrong never could get there
Nice Place, great prices, since it's in North Las Vegas it has it fair share of ghetto customers but the staff at night is great! There late night steak special is only $6.98 and there desserts are better than any hotel and casino even on the strip!
Good steaks, good prices for Vegas Strip. Robert was an excellent server.
Brought my car in. Oren wanted to work on other things besides what was wrong with the car to get the most money out of me. Good thing this place is closed & shut down!
Pretty good stuff-had the red curry and my wife tried the pad Thai. Food. Was quite tasty but heat (temperature) was just not quite there, which kinda bothered me. I would definitely go back again.
Pretty good ramen, definitely in the top 5 for ramen in Montreal.
Service is great.  Price is nice and food is good.  The real gem here are the appetizers.  The crispest fried chicken wings, \nshrimp and vegetables you will find anywhere at any cost.  Have not ate buffet...not buffet guy.
The zoo is really nice and the staff are very friendly!
Probably the best Szechuan I've had. Thank GOD I didn't see the roaches crawling on the wall, napkins and dishes until after we were done.
People there aren't very friendly.  People that ordered their food after me got their food first.  No remorse from the staff.  Only went once, will never go back.  Pretty pricey here too...about 25 bucks for one order of pancakes with chocolate chips, one order of french toast and two orders of 3 eggs.
My husband and I have been here several times and always enjoy the entertainment. The food is pretty good too. My only complaint would be that the service is not always good. The last time we went (which has been about a year ago) the service was so bad we haven't been back since.
Great service at the bar from Ray.   Always topping up the fish and coronas. Gorgeous fish tank, good food and fair price.
Only booths, no regular tables, more like a take out place.  Might try takeout sometime, but with so many local restaurants needing to stay open, I prefer ones that know how to do it all really well.
Best show ever!  Theater was perfect, not a bad seat in the house.  Beautiful dancers, a must see.  It leaves at the end of this year so go see it NOW!
Brought a pair of black mezlan suede shoes for 39.00! Truly a bang for the buck kind of place! This is a shoe \"Mecca\"
Oh man, this place is really bad. It was almost like our server knew it, and felt bad for taking our order. Its really loud inside, which we thought was good because we have 3 kids.. But it seemed like the servers couldn't hear over the noise, and our order was screwy. Food was terrible.
Great place for food and to socialize..
Chicken schwarma here is fantastic. Best in town. Don't add onions though. Pita chips and hummus are also great.
We ordered the Tomahawk 35 oz steak for dinner last night and had quite a bit of leftovers.  Fleming's had it wrapped in foil and sealed in Fleming's own plastic bag.  This I just opened.  It has been reduced to just a big bone.  Such disappointment!
The gyros was very good,, however, we got the flakey spinach and feta thing and it was soggy not flakey at all.. Not bad but wasn't 5 stars like the reviews said..
The al pastor tacos taste like a SLIM JIM. \n\nThe sope was good, the rice had an interesting flavor, and the beans were runny. The salsa was decent.
People are super friendly and the aroma of smoked meat makes your mouth water. They have a stage for live bands that play blues, jazz, and oldest.  We first order southern sweet tea and its made perfect! Not too sweet and not over brewed.
the bad part on travelling is: have to keep on looking for a great food.\nthis place isn't authentic enough to be called thai food.
Really good fried catfish!  I was not really fond of catfish until I tried Jamburrito's way of serving it. The jambalaya rice makes the perfect accompaniment for the crunchy delight. The people serving the food are very friendly and the total experience definitely makes Food Truck Fridays a weekly event to look forward to.
A more cheesey and expensive olive garden. The food is greasy and sits like a lump in your stomach.
The pizza here tasted really, really good.\nThe bad? It gave me a mild case of food poisoning. Totally gross.\n\nSo... three stars to Sirrico's for letting me enjoy a nice, gooey slice of pizza while making me feel skinny the next day.
Not sure about 4 star, My friend had a chicken burger, he said it was just ok .My egg salad sandwich was ok ( 4 out of a 10). The waitress was very nice. We wont be back in future.
This is the second time at the drive thru Starbucks.  The girls working talk more to their co-workers then helping and paying attention to customers. I wish management would secret shop them and improve service.
I totally called it! This place is CLOSED!
Food great the service isn't very good. The waitresses aren't very nice
this place is adorable. I went on valentines day. the wait was an hour and a half but I got seated really quick. I had the sushi, and tuna tacos. it was soooooo good. to bad I'm not from Charlotte or live there, but if I do I will visit this establishment again.
excellent views of the mountains, very laid back atmosphere with a very attentive staff, overall a good place to spend a relaxing lunch
I have tried to visit 3 more times since my first time and the place is always closed! I write this because the manager assured me that they would remain open til 7:30 every night! What is a 2nd shifter to do????   Hello, can i please get yours hours???
Very good for a chain joint.   The service is usually hit or miss though and mostly miss.  As much as I love Chinese food we usually go to Ah So if given the choice.
Had a burger here the other night, it was OK, dry, and could have used some mayo.  The service was friendly and the salad was decent (interesting Russian vinaigrette dressing).  The prices were right ($8 for the burger) and the atmosphere is upbeat.
Absolutely amazing!!
I haven't even gone there but I am already not happy with the place.  They don't have a phone number that actually connects you a to a person.  All you get are voicemail boxes.  And one mailbox gets connected to a law firm.  Clearly they need to work on their phone answering skills...
Great park with nice amenities. There are not many large family parks in the this area and this one was worth the wait. It has everything you would want in a park and more.
I visited the stores a lot doing Christmas shopping.  Not much for men unless your fine with full price or seconds. Ladies selection is better. Food court is disappointing. 2 Chinese places was it. I will review some stores individually. With no weather protection you may want to avoid this place in winter or summer.
Great price solid service but always come for the great food.My favorite dish is the Chicken Panang!! Delicious!
Cardamon-flavoured ice cream was delicious!
I give this place 3 stars because the food is good not awesome but the price is defintely meant for killer food. I only paid for the food to avoid the club cover charge. If you're only looking for a nice dinner I suggest going to another restaurant in the Venetian, wolf gang has a few good ones around the area.
Awesome. Smog test. Took all of 10 mins. $16, takes credit cards. Gentleman running this no-frills operation on the side of a car wash is very kind & gave us good tips for the DMV. We'll be back.
I guess reservations don't mean anything at this location. Think I would stick with the Peoria location .
They recently changed their menu and prices increased slightly but still a great deal. AYCE pasta under $10 all day, every day. Pizza is always delicious. They offer to go as well as by the slice
Silver Eagle Locksmith is prompt, reliable and very professional. This is the second time I have had to call for their service. Once for my business, and now for my home. Kobi has helped us both times and provided excellent customer service with fair pricing. I do recommend Silver Eagle Locksmith to others and will continue to do so.
They have the best Garlic Fries, but I was actually impressed with their Cajun Style Pasta, I did not expect it to be so delicious! Nice beer selection and even on a Busy Fri night, not a long wait for a seat. Definitely a Great Happy Hour spot.
This was excellent- very very busy - so we sat in the bar area which worked out great.  Apps are awesome - Changs Ribs and Chicken Lettuce wraps - outstanding.  The Mongolian Beef was out of this world.
Thirty minute wait just to be told that we'd have to wait an hour or two to get a car. Classy way to run a car rental business, with a garage completely full of cars.
Went last night and it was much much better. Why, well we were attended to promptly and checked on. Ordered the Nachos which were delicious! Way to step it up all the way around.
Great food and great service. They have tv's to watch the games throughout the restaurant - which is nice.
Tuna melt was a little odd. won't have it again, breakfast sandwhich is better. Main virtue is sitting outside in Summerlin in a place that feels 'alive' -- Tivoli village :-)
My experience at this Cobblestone location was so lame as they never even wiped off the roof of the car, leaving a very obvious bird poop stain at least six inches long. This was not a large SUV where one has to use a footstep to see the top either, but a low-profile sports car.
New Orleans in Charlotte? Good Cajun dishes. Lots of fried stuff. The flavor can get lost in the fryer. The all you can eat catfish is the deal. It can be made grill or fried. Fun place.
Very nice people. Its a small coffee shop with a warm atmosphere. The coffee was pretty weak. It tasted like hot water. I just had a drip coffee so I can't speak for the specialty coffees.
I came here for the first time this past Sunday. A little price-y though. Tables were dirty too. Workers are great though. My sandwich was ok. Not much to rant about.
Went for happy hour on a Friday based on the recommendation of a friend.  Got there early enough to get a table and beat the dinner crowd.  Prices were awesome and the service was great.  Food and drink great.  The only thing that kept it from 5-stars was the parking, noise level, and size of the inside.
I visited this outlet today and the girls were very helpfull to find the corect shoe size and matching belt.Strongly recomend.
The 'Personal Dinner' has to be one of the best deals in town. Great service, great food.
sorry
Literally just waited an hour for dine in. Worst service ever! We just walked out! A take out customer that came in 30 minutes after us got his food before us! What a joke!
As a temporary resident of Las Vegas I fly in and out a lot. The airport is extremely convenient with the economy parking. I usually pre-print my pass and arrive within the the hour. The security is quick for the most part. Note: bring food. They do not have appetizing/ healthy food options
My favorite place!!!  Very friendly staff, clean restaurant.  The seafood pho and spring rolls are my favorite dishes.  I've had many others and have never been disappointed.
Food is pretty good but the serve is horrible!
I found this sushi to be painfully mediocre.\n\nStandard menu with average roll options... quality was poor, in that my boyfriend ended up on the pot for an entire evening immediatly after consuming Uni at this establishment....
Honestly, the worst service I've ever had. Tried it more than once, and I will never return.
The wait staff here is slow and sucks, with the exception of Christina (aka The word up girl).
Good Burger, taste like a homemade burger off the grill.  Fries are good, just make sure if there is two of you to order one small fry and share, it's quite large.  Burger comes with whatever you tell them from a list of items.. Good selection and good food.
I really only have one gripe about this shop. The juices on the sample bar all contain various nicotine levels. Some seem to be very low and have just a barely there throat hit, and some seem to be extremely high, to the point of not even being able to actually taste the juice you're sampling.
The rooms are so gross and dirty.  I got a skin infection from it.  Really needs updating a  good cleaning.  Very outdated.  Difficult to find anything in the hotel (mainly the gym).  Stay elsewhere.
Decent. Gets ugly when it gets crowded--it rarely is, so they don't really seem prepared (inadequate seating space, etc.) but a nice place for a few drinks and a band.
I am not a fan. The fruit is awful. It tastes like canned fruit. Not fresh at all. No dairy-free yogurt either! :( The staff is really nice though, I wish i could love it because I love going to WestGate. Mojos is SO MUCH better!!
I'm just a plain pancake guy. It was ok but the plain pancakes are nothing special. If you are going try something out of the ordinary.
Very fresh food. Very professional staff. And the food came very fast. We sat in the outdoor patio with a view of the pool and lazy river.  This place really had their act together with the wait staff working as a coherent team.  I would gladly come back for good Mexican style food at the Mandalay Bay.
Love it, had it today the chicken tortilla soup in a bread bowl was amazing, plus the people were so nice and pleasant. Defiantly loved this location too!
I have used Gloria's Blossoms for many corporate events where balloon bouquets where ordered.  On each order, I have received exceptional customer service which was often above the norm. The manager is very personable and flexible in scheduling set up and delivery.  I recommend this service and will utilize them again in the future.
NODIS changed my body, and honestly, my life. I've worked out my entire life, but until now have never found anything more effective -both physically and mentally. And, it's really fun!
Quick stop to pick up some protein powder... and as I browsed their shelves, I found myself with questions.  I was approached by someone very knowledgeable about the majority of the products offered.  She did not try to \"push\" anything on me but with her additional info made me feel good about my purchases.
Only decide to come here because while walking in the fashion show mall we were given a 25% discount card. Food looked good but didn't taste that good I didn't like the cheese on my tacos and didn't get enough meat. The strawberry margarita was good they use fresh strawberries.
We just went to Rockhouse for lunch. Such great service and prices! I tried the chicken avo sliders and my husband had the chipotle chicken sliders. We were both very satisfied! They were quick to check on us and fill our drinks
omg awesome thank you, great bday dinner, the table side salad bar was amazing! of course i got beef wellington insane,, sierra got tuna with crab meat,, \n\nthe waiter vincint rocked and gave us history on the restaurant... bring my cousin back next time
Always friendly and fast. My order is always correct and the food is great.
Horrible! Please don't waste your time or money. I got a pedi and gel layover with gel polish and two days later the gel start peeling. Two thumbs down! They should change the name to \"Nails you Hate\"
I'll still give 5 stars because I love WholeFoods but I'd like to see more flavors of Reeds at this location.
Just like another shoe place I reviewed, it's a hit or miss. This time it was a big miss. I found absolutely nothing.  Yuck
I liked it!  We went for lunch I got the pulled pork baked potato and a salad, hit the spot.  The biscuits they start you off with are sinful and just plain mean if you are trying to eat healthy!
Spent New Years Eve.  Paid $500 for a table with min $500 in drinks. But no food was served.  Kitchen was closed.  Note that's a lot of drunk people with no food
Fun, good food.
3.5 rounded up.  This is a basic bakery that charges cheap prices.  I ordered the cruller, apple burrito, and a couple of donut holes.  I thought all were good enough.  I do prefer krispy kreme.  Has a good following; the place had a steady stream of customers while i was there.
Good food and a peaceful atmosphere. Try the G.L.T. !
Ce restaurant existe plus sur langelier . Manque de client et mauvaise administration. En dernier la nourriture \u00e9tait pas bonne. A savoir si \u00e0 laval le restaurant va fonctionner .
Some of the best panang curry I've eaten.  Always right on with the spice level, service is great and it's a nice relaxed atmosphere.
We waited for ever at our table. Bathrooms were out of service. Waited even longer to get the food. Must have been the cooks night off. Food was awful. Even the kids complained. The pickles were still great. Daughter cleaned them out again. Really disappointed this night. Will stick to the one down in Tempe.
Do not come here, especially if you are a female! Both bartenders looked over at me but ignored me for 5 minutes then one of them came over and took my order but never came back. The other bartender finally came over and took my order and also never came back. I finally walked out. Twin Peaks was much better!
Mediocre at best. Hash browns were blah, steak was good. Coffee is great. Prices are really good. Service is slighter better than average. Nothing to write home about and too many other options in the area to make a return trip.
This placed closed a few months ago
Very cool attraction to see if you're in the area! \n\nWell maintained and a cool site inside of a hotel.
Just went for my very first tattoo to celebrate my birthday. Awesome place. Luke was soooo good. Made me very comfortable. Great sense of humor. Inked such a gorgeous design from just telling him what I was thinking of. I highly recommend West Coast and will definitely go back in the future!!  Thanks Luke!!
might be the best burger in town !
Good butter paneer. Malai kofta used to be good but was markedly different (in a bad way) last time we ordered it. I like it better than Namaste and Tamarind.
Always outstanding! Worth it for a nice dinner out in Vegas.
My gel manicure turned out not-so-great. The people are nice and they helped us right away, but I'm really not happy with how my polish turned out.
Went to this place on a whim for lunch. Great food and service. \"Spicy\" is hard to find around Pitt but this place delivered. I had the pumpkin curry with chicken, friend had a beef dish. Both were outstanding.
Wow. Just discovered this place. It hits on all levels : food, service and atmosphere.  You'll feel like you're eating at a Parisienne patisserie.  The quiche Lorraine is perfect; and fluffy.  Bonus App\u00e9tit
I've watched this family owned business open it's doors and now has turned into THE head shop. You should have no problems finding what you WANT and in STOCK.
Well guys the managing partner of this place took the time to track me down. He wanted to know a lot about my bad experience and has invited me to come back. So I will update you guys and let you know if this place is able to redeem itself.
Good service, food was good but not otherworldly, room is a Boston 8 but a Vegas 5. In an off-the-path location, not really worth the trek.
Good boba. Don't really treat the white folk too friendly sometimes, but I would go there. Minus the awful health code rating and demerits.
Service guy came right out that same morning I called in. He was friendly and knowledgable. Had my TV repaired that same day. The other TV repair company had installed an incorrect lamp. Now my TV looks great.
An amazing little gem in downtown Middleton.  You're always met with a smile and a case full of delicious, pretty, locally focused treats!  You feel like you're in a cool grandmas kitchen...love Bloom!
Overall really solid pho. I've had some appetizers here and none have blown my socks off, but the pho is super tasty. Service is decent and the restaurant is nice and clean - definitely a good go-to spot.
Delicious, unique, and you will be so glad you tried it! Best. Sandwich. Ever. Plus, amazing service!!!!! Thank you Zooks!!!!!
Place is amazing!  Rick was so helpful and knowledgeable as was Mitchell.  This place is a gold mine for any true foodie!  Fois Gras, wagyu, top the list ... Prices are fair!\nAnd let's be clear this ain't no Trader Joes!
I tried to like this restaurant but I just couldn't do it after three chances I gave it. The prices are cheap but what you pay is what you get. Nasty old fish,poorly put together sushi rolls,under cooked doughy tempura vegetables,really dirty floors,and horrid customer service. I will not be returning.
yelp suggested it and it's out of business!! there was a note on the door saying the landlord was taking back the property.
The food is okay...the gravy is good.  The chef or the waitress didnt get our order correctly.  The portions are big and the biscuit is not all that good.  It's dry.
Kind of sleazy and run down though fun and accessible. If you don't smoke this place might be a problem.. it gets pretty smokey in there and you will wreak when you leave. Otherwise the drinks are well priced and there are certainly some hot f*ckers in there!
Cute place. But way over priced with poor quality food. Huevos Rancheros $10 with uncooked retried beans and cold dark red pasty rice.
Shouldn't the 15 minutes be already up for the cupcake?
We rented bikes for the afternoon and had a great time.  The owner was really nice and worked with us.  The shop is only a few blocks from the canal.  Nice to ride with no cars on a flat surface.
$9 freaking dollars for a philly cheesesteak that is about the size of an old dollar coin?  Save yourself the money and go to Chicago's Taylor Street just down the road on Rural and Curry.  A bit shorter but way thicker, all for 5 bucks!!  These people lost their minds charging what they do.
Why on gods green earth does this thing exist if it does not run during the time when you get out of the club... the times you need it way way wat more than your car! Defeats the entire purpose of buying a 24 hour day pass for 12 flippin dollars! ridiculous
Best thing about crown bakery is the almond and coconut cookies, hands down! These are cookies you will have cravings for!
Sat at the bar and had a wonderful meal as well as attentive service.  Will definitely come back and hopefully have time to enjoy a more relaxed meal.
The roasted sweet potato sandwich is hands down the best sandwich I've ever eaten, it is beyond delicious!
By far the best BBQ in Vegas!!!. Not a big fan of the Green Onions garnish. Kinda of makes it look a too gourmet \"ish\"... Otherwise great stuff! Love the sauce!!
Finally...a delicious Mexican food place that seats more then 10. The food is soooooo so good. Every time we go we have something new and it's always hot and fresh. Also their margarita selection is outstanding. I am a regular customer now and so is my whole family.
A friend was picking up lunch today. I ordered the Asian Vegetable Salad and was very disappointed. Seriously $11 for five bites. Come on True Foods -- you can do better than that.
I love Brazilian steakhouses and this is the best I've been to. I preferred it to Fogo. Free meal for your birthday and it's a clear winner. Great service and great food. Picanha and lamb are my favorites. I'll be back.
Heard good things.  They aren't true.  Very little meat.  Lettuce and cucumber sandwich, pasty bread. Nothing special, just fastfood.
I would give it 2 1/2.  Nothing bad necessarily just nothing all that great. Burger didn't really have much taste kind of on bland side. It's a nice theme for a diner some cool mustang memorabilia on the wall potential is there for a cool old school diner but falls short unfortunately
Super professional, beautiful setting, tools are taken out of the sterile packaging right in front of you.  They offer a top notch manicure and I would not go anywhere else when I'm in the area.
Love this place. Good food. Great service. The manager was charming. Will come back for sure.
My must stop whenever I am in Vegas.  I love their pizza, it's delicious!  I have recommended it to several friends, and I always seem to get a phone call thanking me for recommending it.  The Stockyard is my favorite, if I lived in Vegas I would be much fatter because I would be here all the time.
Every drink is overpriced.\nEmployee are very mean and RUDE, the waitress spilled drink on me and after she yelled at me and told me to get out from the club because she works there. I will NEVER EVER come back to that EVEL place!
Pretty tasty dogs.  Pretty long wait for a hot dog.
This club is comparable to most united clubs. There is ample space, limited snacks, and it is quiet. The outlets are a disaster with very poorly designed placement. Beware of ranch dressing tubs - they will explode upon opening, and may result in the unfortunate placement of white sauce in areas that may cause embarrassment.
Besides the cuban sandwich, I have no desire to eat a the Draft House.
Ordered food for delivery last night. The General Tso's Chicken was awful. It was like they didn't cook the chicken pieces long enough. Breading was droopy/soggy - there was no crispiness at all. Carrots were not cooked all the way through either. Wontons were cold.
Very marginal.  The skate was over cooked.  The lamb was tough.  The French onion soup had far too much wine.
Please do not come here for breakfast. The meal tasted as it was brought for the buffet. Eggs had tons of butter and the hash browns were old. Very disappointed in the meals and had to pay $18 for it. Never coming back.
This review is strictly for the gambling at this casino.  We played the $5 Craps table for several hours here and had a great time. The dealers were all very friendly and helpful.  The cocktail waitresses came by pretty frequently as well.  We enjoyed gambling here and would absolutely come to gamble here again.
I've never been a jimmy johns that slow. \nIt took then fifteen minutes just to make one sandwich inside the restaurant.\nI agree with others reviewers that this is the slowest jimmy johns ever.
It's cold stone.\nPretty tasty, overpriced ice cream served by disinterested teenage girls.\nStill worth coming for an ice cream for my birthday.
I had the Beet salad and it was delicious! My girlfriend had the Kale Ceaser and that was even better! Something about the honey-dijon dressing had me at hello. The only thing that I was dissapointed on was the service. The cashier that took my order was quite rude.
Waited 15 mins for our order to be eaten there. Drive through went 10x faster. Also awkward atmosphere, and of course lots n lots of blue hairs!! Go to the next one down the road.
Cool selection of great looking chocolates, pastries, etc. But it didn't completely follow through for the high price tag.  I found the coffee really weak too.  Good but nothing to go out of your way for.
Food was delicious, I had chicken lo mein and pork fried rice! The egg drop soup was a bit bland, nothing but egg and pepper. I couldn't stop staring at the nasty carpet or the lady serving with big purple rubber gloves!
The place is high end, food Is great but reason for my review is the best martini I have ever had.  The  bartender name Bartec is a true professional and he made my bday memeorable. Will be back next bday.
I have been here numerous times. This last time I went, the service and food were bad. Maybe that's because they have a new manager. I will try it again with hopes that things have improved...
Great bubble teas!!! I love this place I go there every chance I get. My favorite is the milk, Jasmin green tea bubble tea. It's really refreshing during the insufferable Arizona summers.
Zero stars,  if I  could give it. This place SUCKS. The waitress shows up to take your order, drop off your food and give you a check. Doesn't stop by to see if you need anything. Place is filthy. Food is terrible. Service horrible.  Will never  return to a Long Wongs restaurant.
A small bar in a basement that smells like old beer and has really bad karaoke - surprisingly fun!  I am going to need to go back for a better review, but hey, I am not scared to go back.....
Fun bar with a coyote ugly feel.  Girls dancin on the bars with some cool loud rock music. You'll love it if ure a child of the 80's.  Prices r very good an better than most in old town.  Highly recommend to atleast stop here once if ure here for spring training.
Wow. Great food, service and atmosphere. Cheese plate, shorts ribs, and bread quite good.
Tried a large sausage pizza with my wife and I will never go back. Very bland and greasy and there was very little topping I do not prefer them.
Great food. Horrible music ruined patio experience
And yet another closure. Why are my go-to places losing the battle?\n\nI will miss your patio and cheap, cheap appetizers. Though you weren't all that, and not even the chips, you were always accessible and affordable.\n\nCheers to you.
great asada tacos the best
Had our usual pizza and salad split.   Service and food was great and the whole crew was on top of things!
The Sierra Bonita salad was really good but their Bloody Mary was quite possibly the dullest and flavorless I've ever had :/ \n\nService was good. Nice lunch atmosphere. Over priced a tad. \n\nOtro Cafe is better.
I had lunch at Archi's today.  It was ok, the service was good.  The food took a long time to get to the table, but tasted very good!  The silver noodle soup would be my recommendation for something to try there.
I love dimsum and have been to many especially out of town. This was the worst. Only one lady with a cart. So you'll have to wait for a while. There's a big language barrier where it's hard to even speak the most basic English. Don't waist your time :(
Food is average for this ridiculously expensive place.  The Wait staff was completely inattentive, and it was a very loud place to eat a expensive dinner.  There are lots of better places to eat in Las Vegas.
They told me 45 minutes to a hour They took 2 hrs and food was ok. Nothing special. I would not eat there again
Fun atmosphere, mixed crowd (some young and some older), decent food - live music and trivia nights. Been going for years, but it seems to be going down hill a little, or maybe I am just getting old!
This is one of my favorite local restaurants here in Arizona! I have ordered something different every time I've gone and loved everything I have tried. The REAL reason my boyfriend and I go there is for the infamous pazookie. The only downfall is expect a long line almost any time you go. Its a popular place.
So disappointed.  Bought a groupon and they said extra $10 when we got there!!!  It doesn't say that on the groupon and I will contact them!
Sadly, no more Noche Latino nights as the band that hosted the night is no longer at the showroom :(
Average Thai food, adequate service.  I had the Siamese Basil.  Unfortunately no alcohol is served but the waiter told me they are working on obtaining a license.  A decent atmosphere except for the grating smooth jazz (please something else!).
The salon is brand new and beautiful there are plenty of stations and spa chairs for pedis and even cute small pink chairs for kids. I came in for the 20 dollar pedi special. The people who work there are friendly. The pedi I got was average nothing amazing though.
Consistently terrible and SLOW service. Great happy hour specials both food and drink but I just can't justify how terrible the service is. With some decent management this could place be something special, for now my money goes elsewhere.
My husband and I had lunch at Pho last week.  I had the pho with meat balls, he had the vermicelli with pork and we shared an order of spring rolls. We both came home and had upset stomachs for 2 days.  Minor case of food poisoning was our conclusion.  Eat at your own risk!!!
Excellent food at a very reasonable price! Fun atmosphere. Get there early...it fills up fast!
Love their carne asada nacho supreme! Craving it right now
Came in around 9pm on a few different nights. Good bagels and hot chocolate but cashier was snippy.
The VW looks good and I've posted some pictures, 15% Llumar. Only reason for 4 stars is it took them from 11 - 5 to complete a 2 hour job otherwise the job quality gets 5 stars!
Only certain cuts of steak is USDA PRIME or A5 kobe.  For about the same price head to Mastro's... much better quality steak. At this price range, USDA prime should be the min level of beef served.
So far the worst Starbucks the line takes like one hour with 9 guest. Unbelievable the price. disappointed
I give this place 4 stars because it is so fun. We laughed the entire time at the hats made for us by the sassy waitress. The food was a 2 or 3 (giant portions) but the experience was definitely  a 4 :)
The drinks (milk tea, slushies, flavored teas, etc) tasted pretty good and their boba were the best consistency: chewy and soft, in town. My only problem is that customer service was always slow.
Great place to get a goo massage. Their staff are friendly and their deep tissue is awesome. would recommend this place for cleanliness and customer service.
Enjoyed the Irish Red and the pale ale. Pizza was good and the potato nachos were VERY good!
The salsa was almost tasteless whichvis stunning for a Mexican restaurant.  Once the main course arrived we still wanted to give this place a chance to impress. A simple taco and burrito still was not flavorful. Whether you're looking for authenticity or flavor this is not the place.
Fries were quite better the last time I went.  I'm not overwhelmed by this place (though I am overwhelmed by the price) so I'll keep it at 4 stars.\n\nPlease see my other review for more information.
Food and service are superb!!  Hash browns are to die for!!!  Definitely going to be a regular here now!!
Meat lovers? This is your place to eat! AYCE style food the offer all types of meat such as Turkey wrapped with bacon, beef, chicken, Fish, sausage, pork all types of meat. Its 34.95 if your tired of the vegas buffet give this place a try.
If you are Coming here because the sushi, go somewhere else.\nNot much options on the menu and sloppy sushi.\nWhat they call specials, it's is a regular option anywhere else.
Look like it was rebranded or has new owner Croissant,  same as St Laurent (Prince Arthur)
The food and service were great! This is a cozy, intimate place perfect for a date night, but may not work so well for large groups
Do not come here this place does not care about your health or the risk of CEOs contamination the cook doesn't use gloves and grabs chicken beef and shrimp with the same hands
Don't come if you're needing something quick! I came for what was supposed to be an express gel mani and it took an hour and a half!!! \n\nMajor wait time even with a set appointment time! Save on time..go somewhere else! Trust me!
Over-hyped. Forever to get in, even longer to find the way out! Been there, done that, NEXT!
Laid back atmosphere, fresh food, very open seating. Delicious food. Plenty of parking.
Come here when there is a show, you won't regret it! It's huge and has everything you can think of as in home furnishings.  If you have a business acct or resale license you'll love this place.
Was very impressed with the Pizza, they had West Coast - Green Flash IPA on tap so that is 5 stars right there!\nMake a reservation as Friday night was packed had to come back the next night but worth it all the same.
This is the type of place we should support in the economic times we are in. A family owned and operated business with GREAT food, for a fair price, with friendly service. They dont hassle you will bull$#!t promotions like the major chains do. I eat here as often as I can.
Very poor service, couldn't get clean silverware to save my soul. Food was fair.
Wal Marts are all pretty much the same...but the only bad thing about this one is the service! They don't have enough people working so no one is ever around to help you find things (and it's impossible to find things...). \n\nI feel bad for the employees here.
Really enjoyed my round here... Solid pro shop.. Nice range.. Good carts...\n\nThis course started out pretty easy and then got difficult.. There is water, trees, hills, and bunkers....\n\nI would play here again..
Nice location, cool view from the second floor.  Very simple, great for a sunday morning brunch.  Food is what you expect.
Came in on saturday night looking for late night snack after DODGERS game food was good had the carnitas plate w beans and rice horchata was awesome too good service ! Have lots of stuff on menu ..
Love this place!  Been here three times and each time was awesome.
I really enjoyed my latte made with 1/2 the regular amount of almond milk. Waiter was a bit rude, not crowed at all for a Saturday afternoon/night. Would suggest a more friendly atmosphere, good latte, too expensive. Overall would say its a good place, would never be a regular here though.
Food was excellent, five stars for food alone. However, the service was terrible. In a restaurant with only ten tables, it was nearly impossible to be noticed when needing something. There were only two people running the front of the house, which with the right two may suffice, but they fell way short.
It's hard to top a place with 50+ soda/phosphate/shake flavors and can also put together a perfect pastrami on rye.  One of the experiences in Phoenix.  Finish your meal and buy some antiques when you're done.
Amazing food, friendly staff, affordable prices! You Must check it out!
Absolute garbage we went to grab a quick dinner the other night. I ended up with food poisoning and missed work and vacation. I will never return to this location again!
Big Bus Tours is a great way to see the Las Vegas Strip and Downtown.  The staff are pleasant and professional.  The tour guides are knowledgeable and entertaining.  If it rains, they provide ponchos.  I'd tour with Big Bus again!
This place is very nice inside. Fancy. The food was good but I wouldn't rate it more than 3 stars. They do have a pretty nice presentation though
Really excited about the refreshed menu.  Hadn't been there in a while, but dropped in for lunch and to my delight discovered some new Vegan salads!  Love the Quinoa and  Avocado salad.  yum!
This place was delicious! The pizza was great with lots of authentic choices. I really enjoyed the atmosphere as well! The complementary fried dessert was the perfect end to a great meal!
Good..casual.fun..running down on ideas..entrrtaining..not my first or sixth pick for vegas experience..do it as plan C...
Went here for lunch and it was baaad. The cornbread was edible and that was about it.
Love this place! Margaritas are delicious, and the servers are always friendly and accomodating. I also enjoy that they recently added more seafood dishes to their menu. Chicken spinach enchiladas and nachos are among my favorites. Glad to have this restaurant in my neighborhood!
Nothing fancy. You get what you pay for...but glad to have a gym so close to home (and the freeway).
Excellent wine by the glass. Cheese and meat platters delicious !
I'm about to get married here in like 10 minutes, and therefore, I like it!
A great place for asian infusion!    Everything is DELISH!    \nThe only downfall is service is a little slow and unorganized, so come with your patience and it will be well worth the wait!
As far as the services go , amazing . But the wait is over an hour long and I called the office four times today regarding my appointment and I got no answer . Terrible customer service
Poor service (the waitress asked if we were eating dinner, took our drink order, then NEVER came back to take our food order) Overpriced and tasteless food. And on top of that-rude customers.
I was not impressed at all with Fuel. The pizza was dry and flavorless. The only spark of a positive was the wheat veggie pizza. It felt healthy, but still was lacking any flavor.
Loving Hut is ok.   Great that they care.  Their heart is in the right place.  Food is average - frequently processed and over-salted.  Nice atmosphere.
OMG! Best chicken EVER!  You must go immediately. Mochiko sauce and sriacha sauce are perfect with the chicken tenders!
Yummy! The chicken salad with goat cheese is a favorite of my whole family! I live in California and hope for WCG to make its way there. Delicious!
I dont like these place! Ppl are rude and mean! And take really bad care of customer service
Came here for my wife's birthday one year - had great food and the live jazz is a great plus.
Don't waste your money on this show.  It is very lame, the show had no theme and was in French.  The price of the tickets was not worth the show.\nTwo thumbs DOWN!
Highly recommend you attend this Art Expo.    Very high qualify artists.   Watch their works in progress.     Don't miss the show.    Check out their website at http://www.arizonafineartexpo.com.
Very middle of the road service poor.  $60 for two with groupon.  Friends had ox tail and jerk chicken they liked. Wife had salmon and thru away when we got home. I had salted fish and nothing to tell anyone about. Draft beer on menu but no draft beer. Don't see return visit in my future.
OK guys, I have to update this location. My wife and I ate there last night. A little after 6pm someone did a drive-by and shot out three of the windows. WTF? See my photos for proof, this ain't no BS!
This place was sooo hard to find because they had no sign.  If my friend didn't tell me it was right next to Raku I wouldn't have found it.  It was worth it though.  Much like In-n-Out there is a very small menu but the quality and simplicity made up for it.  I am a fan!
An hour wait to talk to a banker to do a simple wire transfer. Bank agent saw the long line while on her way out to lunch and we told her about the long wait and she said that there were other chase banks around the area. Horrible service and badly staffed. Manager should pay attention the the line and his/staffing.
I love this place! Really good customer service and they are always trying to keep my nails healthy and pretty ! I definitely recommend this place
By far the worst gas station in Tempe. They don't accept credit, charge to use your debit card, and is always dirty. Not to mention the rude staff and homeless that loiter outside. Avoid at all costs.
The best crab legs I have ever had!!  The prime rib was also amazing.  Everything else was just so-so.  But you must go here for the all-you-can-eat crab legs!!
Do not request your order for delivery. Took us almost 2 hours to get our food and we are still waiting. Very disappointing! We called to find out what's going on, someone picked up, then hung up on us. Never eating here again.
Take out service was very fast. Jumbo (not really!) shrimp with mixed vegetables, spicy, was simply fantastic. The transformation of this establishment from donut shop to coffee shop to a sit down restaurant is incredible. The atmosphere is pleasant and looks to be very comfortable. I can't wait to bring the family back for a meal.
Food was good.\nService was great, nice people.\nCafe was pretty cool.  They play music videos on their many flat screen TVs.  They have a bunch of memorabilias to look at.  Small store is also attached.
Ok....I tend to blow up my computers....(multiple monitor crazy setup) which I did....and these guys had the patience to do EVERYTHING it took to get me back in business.  Thanks guys....besides they are good people and easy to deal with!
No longer at this location... no other information is given on their website. Was looking forward to try it out.
I think the food is good and the service top notch.  I would send my friends to this location.  We have eaten here several times.
Amazing food! Went there for my first time and food was fresh. \n\nI'm a huge fan of Mexican food & have had a lot but this place is awesome! The service is great & fast but the seating is not quite roomy. Although it didn't stop me from enjoying my food!
We were very pleased. The price was fair and included the expected amenities (i.e. Internet access), the hotel is big but not too big, the shark pool is super-cute, the buffet is nice and fairly-priced, the pizza place was pretty good too... I'll be coming back.
Great bar, STRONG/cheap drinks, amazing music, awesome bartenders and best of all --  no deusch bags. If you don't like it, you just don't belong there anyway.
Arrived at 7:30 Friday night and it was.closed. I was looking forward to sampling some brews. Better call ahead to be sure they are open.
You HAVE to try the hazelnut cream chocolate milkshake and their cheesy cheesy mac and cheese (add the chicken it's totally worth it). Friendly staff. Great atmosphere you can smell the chocolate from a 100 feet away.
Disgusting! Rice is dry, veggies over cooked, Taos chicken was so disgusting my pet wouldn't even touch it. My wife had veggies and it looked liked someone had pre-chewed it for her. The sight of the food was just completely unappealing. NEVER ordering food from here again.
Since all the illegal aliens were made to leave service stinks. I got the works this week and they did OK on the outside but they didn't touch the inside at all. Coupled this with their recent price increase, I will be looking for a new place.
I like going to this gym as opposed to the other LA Fitness's, because it's clean and everything is in working order.  The staff are friendly and the personal trainers are approachable.  I just wish the upstairs was bigger, so it could have more treadmills/ellipticals.
Fantastic! Excellent workout, super nice friendly staff. Been going for about 6 weeks. Each instructor is terrific. Selling the treadmill!
Not too pricey (for vegas) and great food. Very touristy, but hey what places aren't in Vegas? I had the delicious trout and caesar salad. good wine selection too.
I had ice coffee paid three fifty! then asked for refill the guy said it's brewed for 24 hours and can't do it! He said it's a special way to make coffee and he has to charge me another three fifty! Glad Starbucks only charges $.50 cents
It's a Starbuck, enough said.  The staff was friendly though and they suggested a drip coffee with low acidity which hit the spot.  They would have gotten 3 stars but this location doesn't have a toaster for the bagels.
Room is OK - no frills and EVERYTHING costs extra.  Even wifi ($14/day).  What year is this?  They've got their fingers in your pockets 24 hours a day.  I feel dirty.  I guess this is the \"new\" Vegas - not for me.
Not impressed! omelette was not very good for the high price! Service was also lacking!
We have been to this place on several occasions.  The latest visit was the best yet.  The waitress was really on top of everything!  The food was really delicious and cooked exactly to our specifications.  Even though this is a chain, it's one of the best burger places around!  Yum!
My husband recieved an mildewed potato. We told the staff. The manager was no where to be found! be CAREFUL!!!!! EEEKKKKK!!!! :-(
Average pancake house with nothing to rave about. The eggs were good and so were the pancakes.  I would have loved to try the grits but they had none.  \n\nNothing to write home about - guess I am spoiled because we have stellar breakfast joints in suburban Chicago.
Great old style western restaurant, my favorite is the mesquite grilled ribeye's!! We've been going here for years and have never been disappointed!! If you like real old Vegas nostalgia, this place is great and used to be a frequent hangout for the Rat Pack back in the day!!
One of the best hotels I have ever stayed. The rooms were elegant, spacious, clean and very comfortable. I would definitely come back.
Best NYC style Pizza in the city, no doubt about it!!!
Great job, on time, fast and reasonable! Now my go to guy for any plumbing issues!
Pop up coffee shop & tea on the side.. Decorating's a bit sparse but the super friendly barista & fantastic coffee are well worth the visit.\n\nDifferent bean & roaster every weekend, great for trying something new!
This seems to be my go to place for electronics. This one is close to home and the staff has always been friendly, they have always gone above and beyond to help me out.
Got to enjoy the Zarzamora and Fresas con Crema at the Mcdowell Mountain Music Festival. A nice refreshing treat between bands.  Glad that they set up as one of the vendors for the festival.  Love the signature trade mark of a fake bite out of the pop
I have no idea why I can't see my own post when I am logged out.\nIs this some kind of corruption between Yelp and the business owner??!!\nYou would better have an explanation, Yelp!
They served my soda from an old 2-liter bottle then ignored me when I protested. I wouldn't recommend it.
Best hookah place I've been to so far. The service was great the hookah was great, good vibes. I'll definitely come back :)
If you are in a pinch for some quick food while at the hotel this is not a bad choice.  I had a sandwich from the deli - the bread was fresh, meat tasty and cooked just right.  Unfortunately you pay hotel prices for a small portion.
I came across this lawn company while searching for a landscaper and am so glad I did!!  Omar is awesome and his company did a great job on a fall cleanup on my yard! I am now on a monthly plan and am excited to get my yard back in a healthy state again. I highly recommend.
After few times finding instant noodles, and some frozen products are a year or so past due date, I stopped going although they are just mile away from my house.  Just make sure you check the date on the package.
Priced at the range of fine dinning, but food was sloppy.  My sirloin and mashed potato was too salty.  My guest's fries were over cooked.  Future visit, no thanks.
Best and most inviting place in the area. An area of Tempe that is surprisingly lacking good bars. We have been here every Sunday during the NFL season since the place opened and we are typically here every Thursday night for the nfl game. \n\nGreat people, great beer, great TVs, good food!
Not impressed.   Pasta was mushy very little chicken in my dish and even less broccoli.   Won't be going back.
Loved the chicken fingers!
Best location in Vegas they are always friendly and fast. There tends to always be a line but that is for a good reason! Keep it up!
First time here.   Cute old fashion place where the girls all dress up like they are from the 50's.  The ice cream was good - and reasonably priced.  I would definitely come back again, as they are also open late on weekends. I'd rather eat here than at Churn.
I shop here often because I'm on a budget. The only things I don't like about this store are the other customer's behavior and long lines with usually only one register open.
I would not recommend these guys unless you want to waste some time.\nThe sent me an email regarding their availability.  I have sent them two return emails and have not heard back.  It has been over a week.\nSo much for sales and support.
Ambiance is exceptional, just wished the food matched.  Food is underwhelming.
The breakfast is so delicious!\nAmazing customer service and friendly staff.\nThey are very accommodating and always so polite.
Stopped in for a while before heading to the airport. Great deals on Tuesdays and pretty decent bar food. The bartender was super nice and engaging. It was in the middle of the day so I'm not sure how the night time scene is.
Spring rolls were very good.\nVietnamese rolls were just ok.\n\nBut of course everybody comes here for the pho.  The pho has this great light broth, balanced on every corner of the palate.  Really, really good stuff.
Convenient, lots of shops, a few \"good enough\" dining options.  Cafe Zupa is terrific though!!
Sean has recently tripled his arcade games and completely finished the store renovation; so now there are Zoltar machines, lots more free arcade and pinball machines and it's all brand new carpet and shine. \n\nThis place just keeps getting better!
Ok neighborhood-vibe restaurant. Food was typical of a greasy spoon. Or maybe I'm just from LA and have higher standards. The oysters were just ok. Even those felt somewhat...'greasy'.
Jackie is so creative!  Every thing I eat here is made with love. You'll definitely need to try to Ham Sandwich! You won't be disappointed.
Try looking at the behind the scenes operations of this place, mainly the cleanliness in the kitchen. The dining area is nice, and the food can be pretty tasty, good if you get the right thing. I used to like eating here a lot, until I saw the kitchen. Could be better, could be worse, good regular corner spot.
Fun times. Glad I got to sample a bunch of different food truck offerings. All the food I ate was very good....Only wish there was someplace to sit while I ate...
Food is actually really good. The best thing on the menu in my opinion is the prime rib. They also have really big portions for kids meals which is great. I really wish they offered organic options for both the adults and the kids meals. I would eat here more often if they did.
good price, good food, good service, what more can you ask for.  one of my favorite places.  they always make you feel so welcome!
Wow what a surprise! Aureole was closed next door and we needed a quick dinner. This was an amazing surprise. Id return here again before Aurole which i have since visited and reviewed.. Killer steak - get it. Ill be back!
A big MEH!\n\nDead animal was good.\n\nSides were mediocre at best.\n\nGiven the cost and the fact I'm not going to eat a whole cow at a single sitting, I don't see this as much of a value for the $ spent.
I've heard bad things about this business in the past but I had no other location that could of fixed my laptop so I gave it a shot. It took some time like 4 or 5 days but they fixed my screen and I'm glad its working. I'm planing 2 bring my other 2 computers there soon.
If I can choose the no star I'll do \nThe serves garbage\nDon't flight by this  airline \nPlease save your money\nI know you will spend extra money but you be happy with different airline \nFuck spirit airline
This place is awesome. I went to have my car smogged, and I was in and out in ten minutes! I will be going back!
Overrated brunch. I shared 2 dishes: the scotch eggs and the full monty, which is a combination of all the options for breakfast. It wasn't really tasty or that memorable.
I had a girls night out last Saturday.  Bruschetta was so yummy!  We tried four different kinds.  They were all very good.  I can't wait to go again!!!
This store was really cool.  The prices were reasonable.  They had a great selection of vinyl, but the condition of the vinyl was very poor
Always here on Sundays and every time great food and nice to chill while listening to karaoke. Great people.
Friendly staff I must say but drive thru is a pain in the morning. Better off going inside. A lot faster
Ever since the illegals bust, the quality has decreased substantially.  They've had very high turnover as well.  I definitely don't go back there very often and it's too bad as the location is very good for me.
Can't go wrong here, excellent every time! Great pizza, keep up the good work.
This place is PACKED and for good reason - everything on the menu is delish! Crisp bacon, Rueben sandwiches on homemade rye bread, banana nut bread muffins dripping with butter, and oh by the way - the staff is exceptional! I would take a cab from The Strip for breakfast again at this place!
I went here with my parents for dinner and got the group platter and chicken samosas. We were stuffed and had plenty left to bring back home for the next day. The staff were very friendly as well.
The atmosphere is fun and the service was good. The burger meat was good but the mushrooms are canned the cheese appears to be processed. The turkey sandwich was what gave it two stars. It was no better than one that came out of a vending machine.
Scott Rich is one of the best. I have trusted him to finish my sleeves and have been blown away from his work. He has taken my business from my tattoo guy that I have had for over 5 years.  Clean studio, great work, and they always have movies playing to watch while you get your ink done.
Food was just okay. Service was awful!
AAA quality food! True fine dining experience. Will definitely come back to try again
RIP Blockbuster. You will be missed.
Great, friendly service. This was our first time here. We had the combo deep dish pizza. It was really good. Loaded with fresh veggies & ingredients. Good beer selections and TV's if you're looking to catch a college or pro game.
Things have gone downhill in the past few years.
Customer service at the MAC. Not good.\n\nIf you want to be unnoticed for 20 mins or beg for service you'd love the Mac section here.\nIf not, Scottsdale would be worth the long trip!
There are better shows in Vegas or elsewhere, but the animal costumes are really cool. That part is actually better than the show itself. If you've seen the movie, you know the story. I think kids would especially love this and others looking for a family-friendly show in vegas.
This place was pretty cool even though I didn't stay here, but I checked in for my friend to stay couple nights.  Walking distant to a lot of shopping mall and assuming it's relatively inexpensive since it's also one of the older LV strip hotel.
I have long hair and just wanted a trim. I found this place to be dirty. The guy dug around for scissors in a hair filled drawer.
I hate this place because Gus my sweetie pie spends a ton of money here. But he always gets good extremely friendly service and the best products along with instruction and occasional repairs on his machines.
Love the staff and LOVE the thai pad.  Yummy!
Fries were cold, but they got me new ones.  Bun on the bottom of my burger was soggy.  My daughters spaghetti was dry and looked old.  It has gone down in quality in my opinion
Was very disappointed. Of all the places we went it had by far the slowest and worst service. Food was bland with little taste and way overpriced even for Vegas. Would never eat here again.
Great place for happy for happy hour.  My favorite is the Tuna Poke app and the local brew hefeweizen.  Our bartender Kelly was friendly and provided great entertainment!  Her pleasant attitude made it a great night out.  Definitely ask for Kelly, she's the best!  There is also live entertainment with a great voice.
I LOVE Glow! I have had numerous facials and peels here with several of the girls. I absolutely adore Amanda! I have never had anything but a welcoming, wonderful, relaxing and educational experience here. I trust their knowledge as well as their recommendations on products.
My new dinner take out destination!!! Love their specialty rolls and fried rice! Crab jumping rice is my favorite! Love how they make our daughter's mini chicken jumping rice without any seasoning per request and with fresh ingredients only for $5! :)
This place is awesome, even better than Elvira's and the service is just as good.
This place is living proof that hunger is the best chef.\n\nThe best thing in this place is the bread. I actually had to buy one of their breads to take home.\n\nThe Pizza was very good but that is based on being starved for 2 hours before finally getting a table.
Not that good. I've had better burgers at Jack In The Box
I set up reservations for 2 for a birthday dinner. The service was excellent, they comp'd any dessert on the menu for the birthday and they even served the dish with a sparkler. I would highly recommend this restaurant for any occasion/dinner.
Great burger !   I had  a Caprese Burger, very good.
Bad
Amazing steak house. Had one of the best ribeye steaks (with an egg on it). The short rib (cooked with garam masala), wagyu sashimi are amazing.
Fantastic restaurant! Fernando was awesome! He was our waiter bartender and entertainer! Cabo Flip Margaritas were delicious,  rellenos camarones tasty and flan was yummy! We are visiting from SD and will definitely come back here next time!
Fun atmosphere. Delicious fish tacos. Friendly staff. And, oh yes, a blood orange margarita.
The service was meh, clearly the place was understaffed when we went. The waiter only came around like 2 times to check on us. The sushi rolls were good but not amazing. Maybe San Francisco has spoiled me, but I don't think these overpriced rolls were worth it.
Small but still nice.  Feels like a hipster joint. But I live crepes and the crepes were actually good. Are here twice now most likely going to keep coming back.
GREAT SERVICE! Went in for oil change. Very professional service. Best waiting room ever! After they serviced my car, they went over what my car would need in the future. I will be bringing all my cars to get serviced here. \n\nThanks Rebel Auto!\nDan Y
Great food. Great service. Victor was amazing! Try the cheesecake Reese's peanut butter. It was so delicious! The pizza was really good, not greesy at all.
They were rude when I called them. I don't feel like to go there anymore.
I called to find out on a specific item which they said they have (size, color and make) but I was on a wild goose chase by driving from downtown Phoenix on my lunch break.  I will not go back.
The restaurant is actually a bar. Not a bar and grill, it is a bar, that decided to serve food during the daylight hours.  The food was completely unmemorable.  We will not go back.
Free samples, great ice cream!  My personal favorites are the black cherry ice cream and birthday cake.  Also, I can't seem to get away from the brownie cookie.  Definitely worth a stop in, especially for the price :)
Super expensive, did not accept debit/credit, and dented and scuffed walls and furniture. Would not recommend. Will not use again.
My favorite hotel on Vegas!  It makes you feel like you are in the middle of Italy!
BOMB!!!! Just BOMB! Jerked fried rice and jade red chicken!!!!! And I'm a happy camper!
Holy cow get here early. I have tried almost everything and aside from a slight expansion in the waistline everything is awesome. Premium donuts are to die for.
I am so happy to have had an awesome VEGAN donut! I completely recommend this place for a vegan treat!
Very good quality food and service. It is a great place to bring family and friends. Chips and salsa are fresh and the combination plates are always filling.
Good massage...but with clothes on most of the time.  They do know what they are doing though, and both my husband and i felt much less tension in the muscles afterwards.
ooo. prettttyyy.\n\nthe dance floor leads to the outdoor area. it gets kinda gross when the weather is hot because everyone is already sweating and the hot air does not make it better.\n\ni've noticed that the girls here are more ...
its just not a good place to take a kids because of teenagers kissing and PDA on the side of the rink. smelly and gross restroom. but this is one of 2 roller rinks in vegas.
There are 27 associates for every customer. It's a bit overwhelming but at least you know you're going to did what you're looking for and then some
The food was too sweet, it doesn't taste like Thai food, service was bad, and there was a cockroach in the bathroom.
Happy hour until 9! Loved the atmosphere, and was so impressed with the service! They were so good that I owe it to them to go back! (Regularly)
ZERO STARS!!!! With in 10 seconds of sitting down 2 yes two! Cockroaches!!!!!!! Stay away!!!!!!
I ate here 2 nights ago and it was the worst food I have had in as long as I can remember. I had the recommended Macaroni and cheese with a Harley twist and it's was disgusting. Mediocre service and mildly interesting atmosphere. There are much better options on the strip.
This place needs a health inspection. The walls, the tables, and especially the kitchen need to be inspected. The fish is not fresh n falls on health problems..
Good cheap and filling for under $8.  \n\nOrder #1 and you won't regret it.  Makes for a great lunch or dinner, cooked fresh and efficiently fast.
Nice rooms and huge casino. Pool is nice and same with the arcade for kids.  Great food.  I would recommend both the buffets, just be ready to wait in line unless you're platinum or above in they player's club.  Nice spot to casino hop- late at night. It's basically center strip.
We went through drive-thru. It's right by our house, and we were in a Taco Bell kind of mood. Marcelle was our cashier. He was super polite and courteous. Lots of toppings on our nachos and burritos. Thanks! Now we know this is a great Taco Bell.
This hole in the wall taco place is awesome. A friend of mine turned me on to it and I can't seem to stay away. Their carne asada fries are great. Nothing too fancy about this place. Just good food. A little pricey but its worth it.
I have had several meals here and it never has even remotely impressed me. The food is poor - the service sub par and unless your group has the right demographic look to fit Baxter the staff is quite rude.
The 50/50 burger (I forget the name) and the pale ale together are heaven.  I understand they just won a HUGE Beer Advocate World Wide Award for their Beer. \nThat's LOCAL AZ Beer Baby!!!!  \nThat Deserves 5 Stars!
Based on other reviews I expected to be wowed.  It is a nice restaurant but noisy and our pasta was good but not as flavorful as I hoped. Great place for a typical night out but not for a special occasion.
Awesome place, they have everything, i couldn't believe my eyes. The staff there is amazing!!!
Could you hide this place any worse? The entire area sucks. Parking is a mess. Foot traffic is horrible. Connections to the monorail are a nightmare. \nThe good news is that the ownership and staff are open to suggestions and are trying to improve the information about the area  \nFood was decent. Service was excellent.
We eat here few years back and the food was better - we went there today with the kids and the food was around OK not more then that. Add to that the fact that all buffets in Vegas has this Holiday Price uplift that adds 30-40% to the standard price and one end up not getting his money worth...
Real neat idea.  Neat to visit.  Some useful stuff.  A bit overpriced.  Staff very helpful.
I wish I could give a negative star rating to this restaurant. The food is way over priced and the show the chef put on wasn't even average. And to top it all off my wife and I both got sick from the food. Don't think I'll be patronizing this establishment again
Really disappointing.   Extremely expensive and I've had better food at the olive garden.  Service and atmosphere are the only positives.  The bill for my wife and I after tip was $350 and we didn't order dessert.  My wife's seafood risotto was so salty it was almost unedible.
Nick took care of me tonight, I didn't even know if this location and good to know now. Great atmosphere, and quality barbers.
Just followed a friend in here while walking down the strip.  We only had one drink and played a slot for a little bit.  Weak drinks and not really my scene.  I'll probably keep walking next time instead of following my friend.
I loved this place last time I came here , but this time they have a limited menu n the wait is more than 1 hour,  never gonna come back here again!
consistently tasty!
I had the Blacked Ahi Watermelon Salad it came with sweet soy & wasabi-marinated tuna, almonds, tamarind vinaigrette! I'm not a big fish person but this was really good. Our witness with real nice and the chef came out and checked on us!
The brisket sandwich was tender, juicy, delicious. Chicken sandwich not quite as good, but tasty anyway. Great selection of tap beers, worth a visit.
I have enjoyed my stay very much. The complimentary breakfast was also very delicious. My room was clean and comfortable. My only complaint was the amount of TV channels offered, however you get free WiFi. I would stay here again.
Nice open place. The music is VERY loud. We liked the beer, especially the Van Horne IPA. The food though, is very average. Not awful, but lacking flavour and freshness. So, good place for a good beer, but for the food, you have many interesting options nearby...
Good food but stay close to the bathroom!\n\nMexican food is great, super greasy and great after a night at the bar.
Coming to this place almost four years as they do their job everytime wonderful. Always exceeding the expectation. Mercy, Mina, and Muna are putting up their skills for any eyebrow making the way you want. Believe me you will be happy every session you go through with them. No mistakes. All fabulous!
Solid, cheap, delicious Italian.  Good calzones, baked spaghetti, and Alfredo (don't forget to add chicken).  Excellent for takeout as well.
I heard the buzz around the Oyster Bar. Dont know what took me so long to try it but I finally did. I ordered the Combo Pan Roast and it is so freaking goooood. Five effing stars with a bonus ef!
Walked into the bar area with my girlfriend just to try it out.  The food itself was okay.  We got there during happy hour so the price was pretty good.  The service was good.  I'd definitely come here again
My wife and I just happened to be rolling through town, and are so pleased to have found Press Coffee!\nWell crafted espresso drinks, delicious panini, and dog-friendly to boot!!! My wife, our dog and I enjoyed a lovely respite. Yummy!!!
I love it here the food is great the ppl are nice there the kind of ppl that remember your name the soup is good that one of the main reason I come back all the time!
I was stuck in my hotel in February 2007 with minus 30 degree weather(yes I visited Montreal in Feb). So I walked downstairs and took an escalator to the Underground City. I walked a few miles and came across Eaton Centre. It was a very clean and nice mall. Plenty of shopping and dining inside this main mall of Montreal.
Some friends and I tried Woodlands tonight and were not disappointed. The food is amazing. The Masala Dosa was delicious and the vada did not disappoint. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who loves indian food and pure vegetarian cuisine!
less than average breakfast joint .\nIf they don't have fresh orange juice , they shouldn't be calling it tutti frutti.\nnever again
often my coffee taste burnt or stale. They need to clean there coffee machines just a little bit better.
A great time without question.  The guides were great. The ride was a blast. The scenery is amazing. This will definitely be on my list for my next Vegas trip.
Wow. What a surprise. Outstanding food, great time. The only negative is a very weak wine list.
I'm not a fan of country music but Yo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They got women doing bull riding in here. I guess I can stay for a little while.
Great sports bar! Really friendly service and clientele. The quesadillas are slammin!
I dealt with Vivian so I can't speak for the rest of the staff.  She was rude and unprofessional!  She nicked me twice and then had the nerve to call me sensitive!  Will I go back?  Not a chance!
The food is delicious. Any time I want soup or a sandwich this is my place. For some reason this time when we came there was an employee in the back shouting in Spanish to the other employees. Her voice seriously sounds like a Halloween black cat. It's so awful.
Usually a SRO place on Friday night. We found the food to be quite typical TexMex, no zing for the palette. But hey, the view is great.
Cleanest Wal-Mart ever. Seriously, it's impressively clean.\n\nDr. Eyrich in the vision center is solid, too.
The new format renders averse the proper condition of self serving bliss. The establishment now uses the same instance of most AYCE sushi. The waiters attend the tables as sheet orders are filled. The menu list is abbreviated to vegetables, noodles, and two kind of meats(beef and lamb). Disappointed.
I have been going here for years.  This place reminds me of the Mexican restaurants I used to go to as a kid in California.  Chips are Salsa are pretty good, but I am a big fan of their burritos...some of the best that I have had in the valley!
Very sketchy office & no front desk person. The doctor is the only one working. Waiting room is very small.
Maybe a little better than Sbarros but definately not authentic NY pizza
I can't put into words how much I love this place. The lettuce wraps are awesome and my favorite dish by far is the Garlic chicken. They use to have a mango chicken dish that I loved but no longer do. I wish they would bring it back but I love them so much they still get 5 stars.
Awesome prices! Bought 2 Tuffy Dinosaurs the T-Rex and a pig and a big kong for less than $60! In CA I bought one Tuffy Triceratops and that alone was about $60. What can I say my dog is well loved. Friendly customer service and I wish them luck!
Filthy. From the parking lot to the restrooms.
I think this placed has been closed by the landlord. Sign is gone and everything looks locked up and forgotten inside. A shame, too. It wasn't the best taco place in Phoenix, but it was a decent place to stop downtown.
We came here because we had a Restaurant.com certificate to use. It was ok, but nothing special. The taco shells were fresh and made onsite and the chicken was delicious. The rice, however, was mushy. And they used preshredded cheddar cheese. Not very authentic but a nice cheap meal.
Ordered a steak medium well. I was told that meant \"slightly pink\".  Steak arrived bloody.  I asked if that looked \"medium well\" -waiter said \" yes \".  Completely lost my appetite.  That and the sewer smell = NEVER COMING BACK.
Good beer. Interesting pizza. Solid choice.
It takes a lot to impress me, so when I say don't walk, run to the LongHorn, I mean it! Great food and fabulous service.
I love this place! I've been to Thailand many times, and it taste just as good.
I don't like buffets, but I liked this one!  Loved the already seperated portions concept.  I loved the sweet chili glazed edamame and the salads the best!
Clean \nNice\nGreat food\nFresh as your going to get in Charlotte \nIncredible food for the money
This place needs a face lift.  There is no better way to thank your customers than to make your establishment a pleasant place to be.  Seats were disgusting, and it's at least been a few days since someone swept the floor.
Stopped by My Goodness Cakes on a trip to Phoenix. I ordered the red velvet cupcake and was quite disappointed. Cake was dry and flavorless and the icing had a funny taste- kind of like plastic. Cupcakes also didn't taste fresh at all. Owner was very friendly and pleasant!
This program totally rocks, Kenoa and other trainers are awesome, equipment is world class, they have everything you can imagine. Very dynamic and motivated workouts, best part, people you workout with are humble, supportive and friendly! I've tried other gyms, hard to beat CAC crossfit!
To be honest, this is the second time we came here... N for a sushi restaurant/local food joint it's subpar. The prices  are a bit high with the not so great food. This is the second time here so it's not like we didn't give it a chance.
Great share of the bahamas
It is a salad bar.
Great drinks, scenery, location. Food was a bit lacking. My food came out cold. The seafood pasta dish had a bland sauce. 3 stars overall.
The place is really nice has good atmosphere. Although some of the waitresses could use some touch ups. She was not very helpful and our food came 45 min later cold! The general manager was very nice very helpful
Awesome pizza and almost  like it better heated up at home. Great cheese steaks also Nuff said!
Great atmosphere. Excellent Pork dishes.  Empanadas were really greasy, but otherwise everything was perfect.
Poor service. Weird layout. Noisy. Very bad fried rice. And of course overpriced for the quality and quantity of good though reasonably prices compared to the other Bellagio restaurants. If you sit at the counter, you face a wall inches from your face. Just weird. Decor is uninteresting.
I drove really far to get to this place and eat. I arrived ten minutes to closing time. The cashier told me they were \"closed\" because they had a slow night.\n\nThis makes no sense to me. They are slow so they reject a customer?
3 stars is more for the lack of service than the food......I think the servers must have to fail an IQ test to work Irish Republic!!\nHad several good dishes for lunch but getting a CORRECT bill was like \"pulling teeth\"!!
Farren's Pub & Eatery is has a casual type of atmosphere. It's a great place to go with your friends to enjoy good American style food and drinks. Their burgers here are so delicious and juicy! I'm almost getting hungry right now just thinking about it.
45 min long line to catch a cab!! Man, I would have taken local transport to make it faster to the hotel. It was a Friday night in a party city. But, still there should be better management from the airport security people to catch a cab. More lines or more entry points for anyone who wants to get a taxi.
Great for Happy Hour! Must try the calamari and Saki Bombs.
Friendly staff, but stars down for quality of the food. The first time I ordered the Western with sweet potato fries, the fries were soggy. The second time I ordered the Western with sweet potato fries, the fries were cold. Never again Carl's Jr., never again.
Be careful using a credit card here.  Michael the bartender charged our credit card incorreclty TWICE!  I had to file a dispute with my bank.  If I go back, I will only pay cash!  It's too bad, with money tight these days, you have to watch very closely.
I've been to this location twice and both times I waited over 15 minutes before I was even offered a drink. Both times the staff pointed fingers when I asked for a waiter. Both times the place wasn't busy. No excuse for the bad service. I won't go back.
We passed through this airport twice on our trip. \n\nIt's a little outdated and I thought more of the shops would be open after 10. \n\nLoved the slots they have because, I mean, it wouldn't be a Vegas airport without them.
Nice and easy if you are staying in the hotel itself. That being said after having breakfast here once I decided never to go back. Limited number of options (no cereal or cold healthy options) and expensive for what you get. Yes I know that everywhere in Vegas is expensive but you can get better value for money elsewhere.
This is an excellent agency.  From what I've seen they treat their homeless population with respect and dignity.  Volunteer here just once and all the stereotypes that you may have once had about the homeless will quickly be proven wrong.
I don't like this place at all. The staff here is always rude and has no sense of care at all for their business. A couple years ago I had heard they smoke over making their pizza. All of their employees tend to be shady. I don't recommend at all.
This location is never packed during happy hour, big TVs and patio area. Staff don't bug you!! Great part. Happy hour is reasonably priced and a decent selection.
Nothing egregious, but nothing good either. Wifi is hard to connect to, no basic cable, got my room wrong (2 queens vs one king) but I didn't have time to change, faucet not working in bathroom, front desk computers not working when I checked in. I would choose it again.
Ate a delicious caesar salad and burger at the bar. Highly recommended.
We love Dr. Shaw and her staff. She really cares. She us the best vet we've every used ! She shows genuine care and concern for our dogs. I feel she trats us like we were family. Wow if 10 stars wre available Dr. Shaw would get them. I think she hung the moon!
Clean. Easy check in. Free shuttle, Comfy Bed. No complaints. Adjacent to airport.
Wish i can give thus place zero star.  First off, service does not exist.  There was thus fat old mexican lady histess and she was rude as fuck.  That alone ruin our appetite.  As for food,  it taste slightly better than hometown buffet.  I expect more from french cooking.
Definitely worth the watch. We found that they had the understudy performing parts and she often sounded better. Though mostly just a personal preference for voices.
went to the Dayclub wasn't impressed. May have been how awesome Encore was the day before but none the less seemed nowhere near on the same level. daybeds, cabana's were very cramped barely had room to walk between rows of beds.
If you have been to a 5 and Diner then you know what it is all about.  Chain 50s menu.  Pretty crowded the food isn't bad.
This is quintessential State Street cafe.  Strong brew, a little dirty, questionable characters, and liberal conversation.
Showed up on a Friday night. A band was rocking the house. Lots of fun. The beer selection is pretty standard. This is your classic Irish pub. The girl to guy ratio was really low. A little crowded as well. Good atmosphere and an older crowd. Had fun here, but probably not a first choice in the area.
Bland, underseasoned, overcooked food. Bad selection. Not even close to worth the price of admission.
A steakhouse should know how to cook a steak medium rare. It came out well done. No attempt to resolve the issue by the waitstaff when we complained.
The last 3 trips to cold stone have left me with an overpriced, freezer burned, uneatable cup of \" I am never going here again\" the kids convinced me to go back times 2 and 3, but never again.
Customer Service is the best  at this location and yes, the parking lot SUCKS and Yes, I had names yelled at me..Kinda like, WTF! Just waved back and said Thank You..lol
Best Gelato EVER. The sea salt caramel is their specialty and to absolutely die for. I also love the black cherry. They have many flavors plus the presentation of the gelato is phenomenal. The employees are helpful and always offering samples of anything you want.
Thought it was fun and really pretty and I am glad we went.  So what do we do the next hour? Would have been nice if it was larger or less crowded or something. You should be required to have kids to enter, maybe then it will it would create a sense of wonder.....?
Pricey Chinese but so worth it.
Every time I go (not by choice) they workers are so unpleasant!!! The food isn't even good but their boba is decent. Very, very fusion like, nothing on the menu is authentic. I swear the name is what brings the people in because it sure is not the noodles!
Pretty good supermarket in terms of selection. Otherwise I thought it was a bit overpriced and was disappointed in the apparent freshness and selection of the items in the bakery section. Small wine selection, but the wines in stock included a few decent picks.
I want to give them 4 stars because since they're still fairly new. All 3 times I've came our server tells us they're \"still in training.\" Other than that their food is amazing!
Awful! The staff was friendly, but I am pretty sure the waiter was on drugs. I am disappointed that the food was so terrible. Even the ice tea was awful, how do you screw up ice tea! The only half way decent thing were the chips. Will never go here again and will tell people do NOT go!
I' ve ate here a couple of times and after trying another steak house close by I'm  gonna have to pass this up from now on!!  Oh by the way, the other steak house was Morton's.
This is an awesome place! We would come here again. The burgers and sandwiches are huge! The soda is awesome!
Run of the mill BBQ joint in the Container Park. Staff is friendly, yet attention to detail is lacking. Prices are on the high side.
I have ordered here several times and have recieved an excellent meal, with quailty food, and correctly made everytime. I think if you order a meal you get a free drink. \n\nI like this place.
The food is consistently good, the portions are large and staff are always friendly. The Spicy Chicken and Kung Pow are some of my favorites. I typically prefer hole-in-the-wall Asian spots but this is a safe bet.
tr\u00e8s FAB.\n\nSide note: the City Center's architecture and interiors are truly my motivation to continue in architectural studies.
This is a great place to take children to; plenty of room to run around and check out fruit-bearing trees and all sorts of vegetable plants. Bring a hat, sunscreen, and comfortable walking shoes. Try their pear and apple ciders!
Excellent quality and customer care all around and delicious crafted drinks.
This place sucks... Bartender rather be texting on the phone than serving drinks... I got a \"Weird\" feeling in there.. After 10 min of no acknowledgment  I got up and left...
Not usually what I'd go for and the nasty slag at the concierge was simply atrocious, but the maid was so nice and the room was always spotless.  Be prepared to pay $14 if you need internet.
BYOW & Beer was amazing. They give you a ice jug for your alcohol too. Awesome food, big portions. A little expensive- but then again you aren't spending a bunch of money on booze. Would definitely go again.
Overpriced and not \"Authentic\" or even very good food, mediocre at best service and the owner spews his right-wing politics. I should have just ordered Domino's and watched Fox News. Total waist of a night out.
Great meal and great service.  We were there for my sisters birthday and used a private room.  We were really happy with everything, lots of yummy food.  I had the filet which was cooked perfect (rare), the mac and cheese side was money.  The bread was even awesome, the cocktail shrimp were huge.
The Roasted Beef Steak tomato and the Spicy Tuna were amazing.  Heather and Cisco are great at the bar.
Very good appetizers and I recommend the crispy rice roll and the lobster Mac and cheese. The junk food dessert tray went very quickly, especially the cotton candy. Good atmosphere at the palms place. Nicely set up so that a large party can actually hear each other talk.
Not sure why they say they're open until 10p as I went there at 7p and they we're already closed due to being sold out. Disappointing . Why bother posting hours of business ?
The place is huge! It hold some the largest convetions known to man. Long walk from onside to the other, and zig zagging around booths of information means no straight line. Whenever i leave here i feel like i have played Hunger Games...conventions willw ear you out!
We needed a quick dinner in order catch a show or something. My memory is a bit fuzzy. BUT, I do remember paying $10 for two slices of pizza and a soda. The slices were small, greasy and had obviously been sitting in the glass heat locker a long while.
The
Gotta try the biscuits n gravy, be sure to ask for the jalape\u00f1o biscuits!! They always give you plenty of gravy!! Yummy!!
Not only was the vdara city suite cramped with little to no amenities - they fucking reemed me with no free extended check outs that other shitty hotels such as circus circus would grant me.
SUCKED!!!! it used to be soooo good years ago. The prices are way too high for what you get and on top of that they charge you $10 extra per person if you share a meal. Food was not great tasting either. I used to recommend it but not any more
The food was good, but nothing extraordinary. The best part was the banana cream pie for dessert. The cocktails were fantastic. I'd come back for drinks and dessert but look elsewhere for dinner.
Amazing food, crappy service. slow, unattentive and almost rude.  Go for the food.
Absolutely amazing experience! Great service, amazing product, and SO many choices! I hope they stick around!
Great food!  Good service!  Our office orders sandwiches and were all happy with the food!
Dirty location and very high prices but they do have great daily specials.  The employees were nice but I won't be back to this location.
A great place for a meal at Phoenix airport. Way above expectations for the regular fare. A fresh and simple take on tex mex.
The Animal Hospital is a Scam!  Signed up for the Puppy Plan.  Paid for plan up front.  1 year later I noticed money coming out of my account.  I called them to ask what was going on.  They told me it was like a Gym membership and it auto renews.\nDon't go there!
It is really a hit or miss place.  Sometimes the coffee is amazing, absolutely divine.  And sometimes it is bitter and painful to swallow.  But when it is done right, it is so good, it is worth trying it out more than once if your first experience isn't great.  The baristas are friendly and the atmosphere is inviting and friendly.
Great place sure its bought by cheese cake but taste isn't anything like cheese cake. It taste even much better.
My wife and I eat here a lot, but I have to say my favorite experience was watching a Monday Night Football game. I watched a few guys get absolutely trashed on sake bombs while eating at the sushi bar. Oh, and the food is really good too!
Typical fast food burger joint. Nothing special here. We all know we should not be eating this kind of food, anyhow.
Last 3 items I shipped never made it to their destinations. I have a baking business and I've lost clients, lost money, lost time, and a reputation thanks to the USPS. Never again. We will never use usps again.
Plus+s\nDrive Thru Rx\nPhoto\nRed Box for Videos\nRight by my House\nNear Pita Jungle\n\nDownside\nNo Parking\nSlow Service
We visited due to its proximity. Wow! Great, convenient, local Mexican food. You know it's good if the local fire station is at the table next to you enjoying their food.
down grading to a one star due to the fact that I have had a few people email me on here letting me know they too have gotten sick from this place! Eat at your own risk! Don't say I didn't warn you
From the the outside, it looks kinda dumpy.  The inside isn't bad though!  Their food and prices are good.  Crab Rangoons are my favorite!  They're better than anywhere else.  Pad Thai is good also.  I don't think I've had anything from here I didn't like.
Delicious food, comfortable atmosphere, good drink selection, service can be hit or miss but one or two bad waitresses haven't ruined my love for this place.  I like the classic rock music normally playing, and whenever there's been a live band I've been impressed by their skills.
Awful. Don't go. Horrible service. The chicken is sinewy or rubbery depending on the dish. Sometimes it's invisible. Worst Asian food I've ever had.
Service was sweet, but I've had better seasoned and flavored steaks. The share a steak and get a salad, side and dessert was a good deal for $99 though included a half bottle of merlot or cab
poor selection, poor service, cash only, pricey for soft serve. do yourself a favor and skip this
Ahhhh, Rain brings back memories. It was great about 4 years ago. Now, not so much. It's huge though and it is still better than many other clubs. If you're having trouble getting in elsewhere, try your luck here and you can still salvage your night.
I am not a big fan of there food but there slushes are the best.
I was not impressed by this restaurant.The staff was friendly and the food was quick. However, the ingredients were not anything you couldn't throw together yourself and make at home for the same cost ( and personally this pizza lacked all flavor.) I most likely will not dine here again.
My family and I used to always go to the Green Valley Brooklyn Bagel. This one is not worthy of the convenience. We were served moldy cheese and when we brought it back we were not offered a refund. EW!
GOOD PIZZA. But thats is it.......
Went here for dinner. Place was empty. Table was sticky. Soda was not carbonated. Food took over 30 minutes to be served and everything ordered was only sandwiches and a burger. The waitress was nice but nothing else about the food was worth a second visit.
I love this audiologist. I got custom ear plugs made by her and I absolutely love them. I wore them to EDC to protect my ears and avoid getting ringing in my ears in the future.  Very thorough and efficient. I would recommend anyone to go see her. She also does audio test, balance test and hearing aid consultation.
If zero stars we're possible, oh would I ever. Not only did they screw up what I ordered, they couldn't even take responsibility.
This WalMart location is quite small and its just one if their older locations with tough expansion opportunities since the area is established. They are slowly expanding what they can but still have a lot of work to complete to the bigger modern locations.
Gigi's is closed but an amazing restaurant has opened in their place - come by and check it out!
Sooooooo slow. They do not process a line very fast and most of the time they mess up the order in the simplest of ways. When I've gone inside the employees seem flustered and not in a groove you would expect morning employees to be. Hope they figure it out.
when i called them and asked for the rate they mentioned it as 1.95 but they charged me 4.50 for each shirt,which is so ridiculous..and the lady over the counter is not even answering my question which is so irritaing..
Ohai.  Tacos are good but expensive and so are the fresca.  Try to make it to happy hour(no food just drinks) Use coupons when able. Kthxbai
Nice restaurant and food was awesome. I highly recommend the gnocchi.
Finaly I could have Japanese BBQ in Vegas!  Not only I was missing that taste, their quality was excellent.  Can't wait to come back!
I've been to other smashburger locations. This one is definitely my favorite! People here are always friendly and helpful, which makes the delicious burgers and fries more enjoyable!!
My food was good but my gf ordered an egg salad sandwich w pasta salad and was delivered a tuna salad sandwich with fresh fruit. When they fixed the mistake, there was eggshell in her sandwich. No bueno.
Bringing my friends in for game night and my lady for date night. One stop dining experience. Ask for chef Khai!
The burger was excellent. Ordered to go at the counter and it took under 10 minutes to get my food. Ill be back.
Not a bad place to grab a bite for lunch. Their service can be kind of slow so dont plan on having a quick in and out lunch.\n\nGreentree does not have many options for food, which is surprising since there is so many office complexes. \n\nOverall not bad.
What can I say: its an outlet mall that has brand name stores. Good stuff to be had if you find a good deal and the parking garage is a big plus. I love the fact that they actually have a L'Occitane en Provence store.
Stopped in on Saturday night. Food was decent but I was expecting better based on reviews.  They could kick it up a notch. Beer selection is decent but there is better very near here. The patio is the best thing this place has going for it.  They're trying I guess.
The most unprofessional person I have ever dealt with. My car was booted with a block of wood and a cable lock. When I asked to see a business card or anything that was work related he called the cops. The whole situation was a shady shake down.
This place is super slow.  I'd go elsewhere if i were you.  The food is iffy at times too. They need to his more for the summer.
The food itself is 4 star for a buffet style restaurant. but compared to the price, it is not worth it.
Scammers!!!...like the other stories, I got an estimate for $1200 and had another licensed plumber do it for $200. I called and asked for a refund of the service fee and they never did and never called back. AVOID!
This has become my happy-place!  The accommodations are lovely, the staff are kind and considerate, and the pools are awesome!!\nI highly recommend this place to everyone!
Soggy bottom, that's the ultimate no no in my pizza loving eyes. The sauce, toppings. Everything else was good, New York style, tons of cheese. The soggy bottom completely ruined it though.
Much like BWW or Wolfhound. Food was good, lots of TV's, good quick stop in for dinner then a movie.
The new service manager Kenny was extremely polite and helpful in explaining options for my wife's vehicle. I've been coming to this location for over a decade and have always been pleased with the services received.
Very happy this restaurant re-opened.  Don Antonio's is back.  The food is excellent.
They definitely could use more games, but thanks for making my birthday celebrations awesome. Despite a few bartender who should probably learn how to make a simple vodka red bull, the service is as quick as they can be & usually polite!
I discovered this gem when I was there for the Yelp Summer Splash event and what a great place to have discovered.  The hotel is nice and clean and a LAZY RIVER.  Need I say more?  I'm in love.
Great place, modern hip look and a great bar with friendly service. All around a great casual restaurant for dinner to please everyone.
The chicken over broken rice tastes no so good as before, especially the rice. I'm not sure if they change the chef, but I really see some different people there.
I don't write reviews, but I just had to! Couldn't be happier with the work. I could tell Brian really just wanted to do a good job and make me happy. Mission accomplished! Great price, great work, very professional.
Amazing breakfast!!! The blueberry cheesecake cookie was delicious treat. Owner is so friendly and staff is accommodating! Definitely coming back to try more of their menu!
Chicken Burrito is usually pretty good! This past time it had a little too much rice and not enough chicken and sauce. I would go back again...
I deducted 2 stars because the yogurt was not that frozen - actually kind of runny and melted fast.  Otherwise, a fun place and fun staff.
2.5 stars. strawberry mojito, plenty of fresh strawberry notwithstanding, was completely virgin. server forgot mojito, had to flag down another server, arrived 20 min. after re-ordering.\n\ndecent wine list fails to compensate for unacceptable service, yawn-inducing ambiance.
Chinese done right. The sweet and sour chicken was just perfect. Their crab puffs were unique and very tasty. Their prices are very fair, $5 for full plate during their lunch special. $7.25 any other time. The place is extremely clean and well taken care of. This is what I expect when I search for Chinese food.
Great selection as always, but what's the point of having free wi-fi if there aren't any outlets to plug in your laptops!?
Love this place!! Nails are always beautiful and massage is heavenly :)\nFriendly, always take their time...never feel rushed. My favorite place in \"ahwatukee area\"  Thank you!!
If you are looking to party with a bunch of great looking friendly people then this is your place. Cover charge is crazy lines are long but definitely all worth it! Probably the best Day Club in Las Vegas.
Large selection of tasty food. Crab omelette was very good.
Good food, great price, terrible service!  2 1/2 hour dinner, 1 he before drinks served. Yikes, it's not that good.
Selection of books, magazines and such- 4 stars.\n\nLatte at coffee bar- meh- 2 stars. \nKinda overpriced and espresso was weak.  Was sad. \n\nStill will always love Bookmans and shop itself is worth the drive.
Crispy chicken skin. Nothing else needs to be said. Delicious food, great atmosphere, outside seating is beautiful!
The wait is already long. So understaff. Its so chaotic. No one is really running this place. Orders are taken after sitting for 30 mins. To the owner, please this is America. Why not come and help your business thrive. We are trying to help out Filipino businesses but too bad. We aint coming back.
Pizza taste like cardboard and games are horrible. The prizes are just crappy as they get.
The  little crown is just as fun as the big one and a lot less crowded!  The old man and I are found there during football (soccer) season watching the games and hangin' with other locals.  Carlos is the best bartender EVER and quiz night is a ton of fun!!!
Had the sausage skillet was good but the toast came later and was butterd on one side
We had outstanding service from Hansen's . We received a prompt estimate and service the same week. On the service day they were on time. Before I knew it, he was done and the work was fantastic! From now on, we will only go to Hansen's for any of our plumbing needs.
Food-good. Atmosphere-fun. Service-Awful! A restaurant should not rely solely on location to bring in the customers. Service goes a long way in bringing customers back. We won't be. And we really did have high hopes for it!!
College indie crowd.  Good music.  Love the thursday night cheap Optimator... delicious.  Gave it a three cuz it's often too packed and kinda has a dingy feel to it.
Price is reasonable, service is good, food average. I eat at alot of Thai restaurants but this Pud Thai is drenched in a soup like very sweet sauce that doesn't resemble the flavor or texture of authentic Pud Thai. Otherwise everything else is average.
Stayed here April 16-19 with my husband. Had a basic room. No issues. Check in was slow but not as bad as I had expected. Drinks at the pool are very expensive. It was not hard to get drinks from the servers when you are playing the slots or one of the tables. Will definitely stay there again.
They carry some good mountain and BMX bikes. I don't ride road bikes so I can't tell you much about the selection of those. Last time I was in the mechanics seemed a little young but overall I have had good experiences here.
Took park in the Lifetime Fitness Reindeer Run, well our daughter did.  It was a great event at a great park!\n\nParking was a bit confusing to a first timer.
Went here last Sunday with my family for breakfast. Service was amazing and food was fast and so delicious.\n\nI will spread the word about this gem!
The BEST in Madison! I like to stick with the peperoni and sausage but when I'm looking for a different taste I like the spinach feta pizza with sausage. Good delivery speeds too! I've also enjoyed the chicken cordon pizza and sub. :)
Buyer beware! (literally)  \n\nThe services provided aren't worth the extreme frustration caused by their inept billing, which is further compounded by illogical response from ownership.  \n\nFind another therapy office that won't waste your time and make you regret ever trusting them with your personal information.
Very friendly staff homy atmosphere. Food was ok but that was the best chai I've ever had, ill be back just for that!
Horrible manager! She told us we only needed to wait 25 minutes and we ended up waiting an hour. She just had excuses up the wall. Thank goodness the Jack Daniels is only $3
If you like $50 Lean Cuisines, THIS is the place for you!
Small quaint restaurant with wine room and butcher shop inside. Their burgers with truffle fries are really good with buttered buns. Their sides are good as well
I was extremely satisfied with their work!! I have never seen my home look so sparkling!! Highly recommended!!
Workers here and very smug and dont represent the business well. Like the rooms and selection of songs but cant get over how rude the workers are.
Awesome turkey cranberry !
Wonderful Thai meal, relaxing music, great attentive service. Will visit definitely go again!
Not the best location for a Vegan but nice experience.  The rest of the group enjoyed themselves.
I had a hard time navigating the ordering process and finding people to explain things to me in english. I got a pork gorditas and it was oily and the meat was dry and tough. I did enjoy the general atmosphere of the place though.
Great service! Great food!! Chips and salsa always fresh. I get the chicken enchilada, so gooood!!
Great Mexican food. Really yum as my husband says. There are almost none choices for vegetarian.
They bake you cookies to go with you! How great is that! FRESH BAKED COOKIES!!!\nfunny part is that this place is known as \"cheesecake factorys cousin\"
The worst Jack in the Box I have EVER BEEN TO!!! They constantly get your order wrong, the food is literally dropping with grease so badly that the bag is completely soaked!! STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE!!!!
This the worst place.  I sat down was not greeted and waited forever to place my order.  Would not go back.  And it was not that busy. Then my eggs were cold!
Went in today for a kitty-cat laceration repair, and as usual, they were kind, remembered us, and were able to get us in.  My animals have always been diagnosed correctly, and come home clean and healthy.  I am so very grateful for Freedom Animal Clinic and its staff!
I like Target for a number of reasons, but mostly for the lack of long lines. If they had a Super Target closer to my home, and the prices were slightly more competitive with Walmart, I'd forget all about shopping at Walmart at all.
Place is ok nothing to brag about I think the okada was a lot better before this place opened in its place. With so many good local places off the strip to go to I would not go back.
Nothing extraordinary at this particular location. \n\nIn and out. \n\nThe gal at the register did have a tiny attitude, but whatevs.. I got my lotion at half off!\n\nWheelin' and dealin'
EXCELLENT food & service! Came here on a date last week and we were both so impressed by the quality, delicious food and friendly service. I will definitely be coming back!
Was contacted by Debi the owner, who apologized for the mistakes that were made. She was very sincere and bought me dinner. The fact that they care enough about their customers to try and fix the problems is amazing. I definitely will continue to keep ordering from them!!
good Italian place... the menu has some unique things and they do a good job... it is pretty expensive but for specials occasions it is good.  Zac is right about the accents... but it adds to the flavor and the pesto butter is pretty good as well...
Mojo Yogurt is terrific! I took a group of about 100 (13 teams) volleyball players to Phoenix in June, and every single player just loved the awesome yogurt & toppings!
Love this on a hot day.
Went here for the first time last week and ever since I have been craving more frozen yogurt. This place is just great. It is a self serve and they have a ton of different flavors to choose from. The yogurt was delicious and at a reasonable price. Cant wait to go back again.
Cheap novelty shop selling lame trendy crap.
Very good food at a cheap price!
It's ok better than other places but some of the entre\u00e9s was a little bland and could use a bit more flavor. Other than that it's pretty good. can't think of another Polynesian buffet but the palms which they no longer offer.
I love the convenience of panda express and although we have not been happy at other panda expresses, everything we got here was delicious!
Could have been the worst Mexican food I have had in a while.  You know how they always say \"the plate is hot\" at Mexican restaurants?  Well not this time.  The food wasn't hot either.  I would avoid this place like the plague.
They have good beer; it's overpriced, but good. Food is booty, as in not good.
What a cool place...Shelley, the bartender, is amazing!  She truly makes you feel at home at this bar.  The locals are extremely nice and we had some great conversations.  The atmosphere is a sports fan's heaven!
Love the concept of pilates meets yoga in the 90 minute class! I workout often but this class gave me a good sore all over. A couple negatives...I rented a mat and it kind of smelled bad. There was no music during the regular yoga class and I prefer tunes to go with my poses.
Great pizza and amazing salads. Such friendly service too. Will stop here often especially for the salads
Great atmosphere in this quaint little bookstore. Chairs and sofas throughout and I liked that the woman working let me wander around without making me feel weird the way some employees of small businesses do.
Ive eaten there three times and sent back two out of three... Drink beer... or something safe like a hamburger... avoid anything extraordinary... because they  are not..
My server was very friendly and took all of our orders on time. We had the lunch special which is from 11am-4pm daily. Food was at best mediocre but nothing spectacular or makes this sushi restaurant outstanding. \nGreat for service and environment\nAverage for actual food quality
Small selection to choose from as well for toppings, as well the staff are rude and annoying.
I had the cheese pizza and zeppole, both were very good. The service was friendly, but not fantastic. Definitely worth the time to visit.
This was a memorable pizza, the best thin crust I've had.  I tend to lean more towards deep dish but I really liked this pizza.
Absolutely DISGUSTING! Filthy chef / owner - Armando Martinez (not Italian by the way) could care less about the food you are going to put in your mouth or the service he provides - beware fellow foodies!
Great Happy Hour!
Loved it. Had fried tofu and the green beans with minced pork. Both were delicious...plenty of leftovers. Nice, friendly, chatty service -- I lucked into a slow hour :) Definitely recommend it and plan to come back
Soup watery. Food mediocre. Salad was pure vinegar.
Excellent service and great hotel. We have a 2 day stay and really enjoyed it.\nOne of the best hotels in LV.\nThe room was very clean and comfortable. 2 bedrooms 3 bathrooms.\nWe liked the breakfast as well.
We've always enjoyed the food and the service was fine.  I've been here with my wife and a big group from the office.  Same experience.
This used to be my favorite bbq place in Charlotte, but the last several times the pork has been very fatty. Sorry Midwood, Mac's and Queen City Q have you beat. P.S. 3-stars because the beef brisket is very tasty.
Delicious!!!! Creative take on fajitas great food , friendly staff . We love this place!
The place is amazing in it's look inside. Like Janet said you could have a wedding here it is so nice. \n\nThe food was average. If they can step up the quality of food I would return and return again. \n\nThe service was good when I went. They were nice and polite.
Seriously everything is delicious! Irish Car Bombs are kind of part of the experience, so get used to it.
We went for my Birthday July 3rd and once again it was excellent !! I will continue to take people there when I am in Vegas :)
I have been there many times, including business dinners. We always seem to get the same waiter with the pony tail. He never disappoints. The food is always consistent, and the restaurant is always packed. I really enjoy going here for good italian food.
grreat, stocked produce section and good breads/rolls!
The line was a little ridiculous for a Tuesday evening for what turned out to be an alright burger. It was flavorful enough, but something about it was missing a gourmet flare. \n\nNice beer selection, though.
Nice gym. I've only come twice with a friend for their fitness classes, and the instructor was good. It seems like a good place to workout: lots of machines, even a ladies weight room.
I really enjoyed Rhumbar.  A cigar and a mojito went well together - just what the Doctor ordered.  Service was excellent and the environment was very comfortable.
Excellent! This bread is unlike any sandwich bread I've ever had. Roast beef had a great smoky flavor, wish we had one in LA. Everything was ON POINT and cheap.
One of the best hidden secrets on the strip.  The best pastrami sandwich I ever had. Price is fairly decent for the amount of food you get. The sandwich also comes with fries. Be sure to try their mustard, the best.
Meh, indeed.  Decent beer and excellent service. But it's chain food and it didn't do much for me.
We went here after the Rainbow Festival and it was such a great place! The food was great, the service was awesome and the patio is a great place to enjoy your meal! Bliss has made it to my list of places to eat downtown!
This place is ok. Nice little venue for sure, but it's expensive for tex-mex, the high table chairs upstairs are horrific. Seriously, i'd rather sit on a jagged boulder.\n\nOverall 3 stars, the venue is very nice, food decent...
What ever you do don't buy accessories cause they won't let return it or store credit after 14 days   Even if you just joined open 4 phones and bought 3 phones and you are only 2 days over your 14 days
Excellent breakfast. we ordered the waffle, eggs benedicts and veggie omlette. The waffle is the BEST waffle I've ever had. Fluffy and crispy. The eggs benedict is just ok. The decor and service was very good.
Best Pho! Yes, my friends; the broth master is clearly in residence here! Enjoy!
Over priced,low grade food. Owner moody and miserable. Better value at Taco Bell.
THE BEST!!! Always fresh hot and delicious!  Fast and friendly even when they deliver.  One of our FAVORITE places to eat in ALL of Las Vegas!!
How can anyone dislike this place? Huge portions, good food and good service. Just found it by accident and was very satisfied. Portion was so big and tasty I couldn't stop. Had to when I started to sweat. And great beer selection to top it off.
The employees always seem to be smiling.
The aquarium is a nice change of pace from all the electric and concrete attractions the rest of the Strip has to offer. But it definitely is kind of pricey for how short it is (30-45minutes). If you can sit and stare at the sharks for hours on end, then this place is perfect.
service could be better, or maybe i am used to service back in 626?\n\ntea was alright, too much ice.
We were at Arrowhead CC for a swim meet and as much as I enjoy Arrowhead CC for golf this is not a great place to host swimming championships.
Not the best. I love Sammy Hagar, but DAMN IT!! This is another poorly executed theme restaurant. The Monday through Friday happy hour is good. 2 for 1 drinks and half price apps from 3PM to 6PM.
21$ all you can eat anything off the menu! It doesnt get better than that.  Best sushi ive had in vegas! Fish is very fresh and over 40 rolls to chose from
Maybe their pizza is good, but the Italian beef sucks, as does the service.  I would not order the pizza based on those facts.
...and this chit-hole is still open??  WHY???  Must be so the gang-bangers have a place to conduct target practice.
The Italian and the Bobbie are my favorite sandwiches in all of Las Vegas.
Overpriced, mediocre lukewarm food....place is living on past reputation with sign outside front door that says named best breakfast in 2011.  Lots of better places around!
Do not stay here!!!  Drais across the street BUMPS all night like someone is pounding on the window.  Even The managers recommendation was to stay somewhere else when I called to complain.  At least he was honest.
I ordered a thin crust pizza for carry out from this location.  The staff was very friendly and the pizza was pretty good.  I look forward to trying their pasta in the near future.
HORRIBLE SERVICE. Good food, nice beer selection. Waitresses are rude and not knowledgeable about menu or drink selections. if there are more than 4 tables already filled, skip it. Kathleen especially rude and unhelpful.
Our party of 4 enjoyed a great lunch. We started with white peach belini's. My pizza with hot peppers was tasty. Service was good.
To start the Rio Margarita is awesome.\nIm gonna order the pollo ranchero fundido style cause its the bomb! Great food great service all the time!
Out of everything! And there was barely any food selection to begin with. I got a quesadilla. Sub par. Sammy Hagar wasn't even there. I doubt he's ever eaten the food there. I mean it's got Sammy Hagar's name on it, I expected better.
Very nice all the way around.  Nicely decorated, extremely friendly and attentive staff.  Curry is flavorful and the right amount of heat.  Singha beer is a cold and tasty here as in Bangkok; well almost as good as it is in Bangkok.
Still get great service here no matter what time of day or night. Another local business to support, especially with all the big boxes surrounding him. Gantzel Farms used to be the only place to go years ago - I still visit them whenever I can. Support the mom and pops in your local area!
Was just told that we will not have any college football on the TVs on a Saturday evening in the middle of college football season and that anyone sitting here past 7 o'clock is going to be charged $10 to see the UFC fights no thank you next place!?!
far and away the best food and atmosphere of the 3 restaurants in this , for lack of a better word, chain.\n\nTrully authentic Creole cuisine.  Loved the po'boy
I had the French Toast which was great.  Coffee was delicious.   The service was very friendly.   A nice new place to enjoy breakfast with great shopping nearby.  I'll be back.
Get your sexy on
Love it. From out of town needed a mani pedi and they were great. Close to the strip and great quality nail work. Friendly staff
Hands down the best house infused cucumber vodka...ever! Loved the food and sitting on the water view deck. The only complaint was slow service...she forgot our oysters that we ordered and food was really slow.
Great place to grab a quick delicious bite.  I got the three street tacos and side of guac all for 6 bucks.  Not alot of seating but folks seem to cycle out.  Definitely enjoyed it.  Wish they had magaritas though.
Hopefully the new Fresh Market next door will revitalize this strip mall. The always very yong crew does there best preparing frozen treats, you just have to hope you don't get in line behind someone ordering hot dogs. Who goes to dq for hot dogs? Great ice cream, reasonably priced.
the crowd here is ok, but i do love the music they play....lots of current club music.  The decor of this place is super nice .... plan to spend over 1,000$ for bottle service though
These people here are retards. Caught them overcharging my friend for his senior coffee. Then they got my order of two coffees wrong three times in a row. Dude was a punk too shaking his head and acting like a jerk. I think life's gonna be a long road for him.
I would avoid this dealership at all costs. They tried to get me to claim something on my own insurance even though they delivered a car to me with cracks in the windshield. Now, I have called and complained to the Better Business Bureau and am still waiting to get my windshield replaced. Beware! There are other much better VW dealers around town.
Pristine did a great job. They were right on time, worked quickly, and were very thorough. They even paid attention to the small details like straightening up clothing that was scattered, dusting in hard to reach areas, etc. Highly recommended!
I've had to stop in a few times for work. It's fine. The food is decent and the people are friendly. Nice and clean. Other than that it's a Van Houtte.
We have HEAT ! Happy Wife - Happy Life ! Thanks to my new go to guy, I will never call anyone else for HVAC needs. Phillip was awesome. Very honest and very reasonable. Thanks Brooo !
The Buttermilk Pie is fucking awesome.  After biting into it for the first time, I had serious concerns that I may have shit myself from its deliciousness.\n\nAwesome selection of hot sauces as well.
Hakkasan sucks. Over crowded, over hyped, extremely expensive and u don't get what u pay for...... The ONLY good thing they have going for them is that tiesto is resident dj there. They should have kept the Lions instead.
Great Guacamole; pricey but very fresh with a different texture and unique mix of ingredients.  Fish tacos fresh and not heavily battered. Pork tacos were also very good. Side salad also very good.  Friendly service.
If you are a high brow, spoiled yuppie go somewhere else. If you enjoy authentic, real, good ole boy atmosphere, this is the spot. Ask about the walrus part hangin over the bar....lol
I liked it, but my boyfriend hated it.  I might be able to talk him into going back for a happy hr or something.  They have good specials and a nice setup for drinks with friends, but no way will he want to go back at lunch time.
Excellent Taco salad - fresh lettuce and loaded with toppings. Fair margarita. Fair service on a Thursday night when restaurant was unusually slow. Big Chuy's fan from Texas. Expected a little better but not so disappointed that I wouldn't get a Tex-Mex fix there again.
Good steak. Bone in new York was well cooked. Wine was really expensive
Great little lunch spot.   Nice food,   clean & crisp ambiance.  Will be returning to explore the menu.
Ordered delivery. Chopped antipasto salad and a simple pizza. Asked for plates/utensils. Food arrived in time promised. No plates/forks. Hmmm. Food was fine but eating was adventure.
Just waited over an hour. No car, no explanation or why. I canceled the reservation via the national customer service line explaining what was happening. Not even an apology!
Food was great as always, but the service is a little lack luster. Got the wrong drinks a couple of times and the staff in general is not very courteous.
Its a great little bar, the bar staff are extremely knowledgeable about cocktails and can even mix you something not on the menu. The food is really good and very reasonable for the area.\n\nWhy did they have to build this place so close too the student accommodation? Fanny central.
My review is for the Baby Doll Lounge only, which (of all the many bars I visited in Vegas) was the only spot on the strip where I didn't feel surrounded by the cast of Jersey Shore.
The Mint Chocolate Almond Concrete is always made perfect!!!
Was delicious.  I got delivery so I cant speak for the service or the atmosphere but the food was phenomenal. This was my first time trying Lebanese food and I enjoyed it. The pita bread and hummus are some of the best I've had.
Ribs-The meat slid right off the bones. Very tender. Flavor was average.\n\nMac n Cheese- consistency left me wanting. Chunks of cheese were next to chunks of noodles. Good flavor though.\n\nCornbread was awesome!\n\nFriendly staff
Nice size little divey bar near downtown Glendale. Very casual place; pool tables, poker games some nights, greasy bar food and affordable drinks. They have a patio too for smokers.
The lack of genuine hospitality was missing for a top restaurant in Las Vegas, NV.There was no warmth or politeness shown by the manager at the restaurant reception area.
Located inside the Palms Hotel, this restaurant looks cool on the outside.  But, inside, the burrito's are as cold as the service you will receive. I highly recommend not eating at Chronic.
Nice happy hr!  Nice big TV setup.  Food seems typical for a bar / restaurant .  I'll keep this place on my list and see if it improves with time.  Its pretty obvious that they just opened so I gave them a third star for potential rather than two stars they would get otherwise.
Terrific restaurant for a traveler. Good food, priced reasonably and very convenient.
Uninspired bland sports bar. It has a very stupid name, it's weirdly laid out, the waitstaff are joyless zombies, and it has a surprisingly small beer list, but the food is good and served quickly. It has the advantage of being the only restaurant within 2 miles of the adjacent hotel.
Remember how your parents taught you that if you had nothing good to say, don't say anything at all?\n\n:|
Just had Rob back again. AWESOME job this time. (As always)  Called to let us know he was on his way and showed up on time.  My carpets are super clean again.
This is my second time hete. Check in on Yelp and get free  garlic knots! When you walk in, you can smell the pizza. It's small but quaint. There is plenty of outside seating with outside misters.
One of my favorite Chinese Food Restaurants!Great and fast service.Very satisfied with the food.Love their lunch specials!
This is the very best Mexican in Las Vegas. It is really worth the drive! The capirotada is top notch! You cannot beat their happy hour specials! If you love fresh cooking, this is the place to go. Don't forget to have the shrimp queso tacos!
Excellent food and good service. Had takeout dinner with salads and entrees. Both were excellent especially the salad. Will return soon for the happy hour.
Pork belly bao buns were decent, though not the best. But their euro burger was delicious! Truffle Parmesan fries with aioli dip was perfect. And their shakes topped with pudding is a genius invention. Everything was delicious! Eat here.
They are pretty friendly here.\n\nPrice is OK.\n\nI had a problem with the alteration, but they fixed it.\n\nI will be a regular here.
In my opinion, the taco bowl is not good food at all.made my tummy very sad. . Not bad enough to make me rant about it. They did advertise happy hour a lot earlier i guess it starts at 3 or 4, they advertised it as 1... bartender picked up the first round for the confusion.
Great pizza and wings, awesome salads too! I get delivery 2 times a week and the delivery is always fast and the food is hot!
typical B&N bookstore!
Slow service, staff lacking knowledge . Staff is more interested in talking amongst themselves then helping customers.
Best in Madison.
Its a sportsbook!?!? why are you reading this review? go bet on anything, go drink while you play the horses, but dont get to hungry, not much foor around unless you want to eat at the shitty deli.  But the book is clean, people are nice, and its away from all the strip nonesense
Very delicious Getman pretzles.
Easily accessible for downtown and everything you would expect out of a quality Greek dining experience! Great gyros!
Been coming here for years. It's the best of the fast Mexican joints by far
Huge fan of this spot after TAO or LAVO!  Love their Garlic Shrimp Noodle or their Eggs, any style, Hash Brown Potatoes with Toast! =P  Used to come here twice a week.  Miss this place!
It's just like every other In-N-Out Burger.  This particular location was packed with people at 1PM.  I ordered the Double Double Animal style and was not disappointed.  Although they have a huge line it moves quick and you get your food in a reasonable amount of time.
My sister and I went for full sets and pedicures. Pedicures were great. The 2 gentleman were kind and friendly. A little disappointed with the acrylic sets. Will be back for pedis.
For those of you who value a large beer selection and stuffed birds in your bars. Food is pricey.
Nice little oyster bar with a good food selection.  It is a bit pricey but the staff here is always nice.  Most of them joke around with the patrons and seem to enjoy working there. I would suggest trying the New England Clam chowder.
Female doctor is always rude and short when we have visited! ReceptionisChandler is not that far away people take the drive there is a much better animal hospital in Casa Grande even!
I can not rave about this facility enough. Cindy and Bill have gone above and beyond in assisting us in this cross country move. They have faxed, emailed, assisted on their business and personal phones and overall come through for us in a last minute situation with the moving company. You can use them with complete confidence.
Permanently closed. I went on August and they had a sign. Only location open is in California
Very goood ribs. I preferred the rub without the sauce. Deep fried corn is awesome.
Had a very good meal here.  A burger/ruben sandwich combined.  Service is friendly, portions big.  Will definitely stop here again.
Overpriced \nIcky \nNot New York pizza. \nMade my tummy hurt. \nI don't recommend going there but I gave it two stars because pizza is pizza. You're just better off with dominos or Pizza Hut.
This place was gross, the review b4 me must have been the last time they CLEANED. The employees were just as rude, they sat my hubby and I at a dirty booth and the food was gross plus they got the order wrong. Do yourself a favor don't come here :))
Overpriced, unhealthy food!  Popeyes and Fry's have bigger and better chicken  Never going back there!
Horrible service and as slow as shit.  Go elsewhere.
Loved the Goodwich!  Highly recommend their Reuben.  We visited on a VERY hot august day.  We ordered, including drinks but it was really too hot to eat outside.  We asked and turns out you can order then head into Dino's for a cold bevvie to enjoy with your lunch.
We ordered delivery, it took almost an hour to get our food. And the food is cold, and dry. Disappointed!
Just go and put a pair on and walk around.  Same goes for Jimmy Choo.  These are fantastik shoes, engineered very well for standing/dancing for hours.  They look amazing and are totally unique.  I'm a huge fan of Manolos and Choos!
I don't have super high expectations for airport coffee, but this place had no idea how to make an iced cappuccino. I might as well have asked them how to solve world peace.
If you're heading to a show at the Scottsdale Center For The Performing Arts, this is your best convenient bet for dinner (if you like Indian food).  It's average but can probably satisfy your curry craving.
this is a great salon to change your hair style!\n\nif you need a trim or your split ends cut, it is far too pricy!
nice spot with a lot space to drink and dance. Went on a Friday with some friends and had a good time. Would def go again.
iam a local try to go there 3 times a year in summer with my girlfriend have fun when you can get good price on room right on fremont street can get drunk and dont have to cross big street will continue to go there
My wife and I have gave them two chances. I wish we hadn't. Both times the food tasted...off. I won't hasten to guess the reason of the \"offness\", but I had to stop eating the food both times for fear of becoming ill.
When I asked a employee for help with shoes he tried to run off and not help me. If you are busy just say so I will not get offended by that. Just tell me so.
This place has an amazing pho, looking for a place that's closer to east mesa to replace Saigon in chandler. The service is amazing, I don't know how many times I've asked for tea and my server just kept it coming! Love this place.
Service is excellent. Bread was over buttered. Nice little cafe with good prices. Food was overall good.
The food isn't very good. Are whole table complained about how overly spicy it was. Plus every one said the sea food we ordered was really fishy. The decor is nice and we where hoping we stumbled on to a great spot, but in the end we all where disappointed.
This place is as dead as it was when it was \"Light\".  It terrible how most of these small club s are now filled with mom's and dads and grandmas  =/
The food was descent especially the pretzel bites! Service was ok at best.  The bathroom was dirty and unattended to.  Just didn't seem like the place was run well.
We have new construction and are the first house on our street. We have a GIGANTIC mailbox at the end of our driveway, but the mailman can't find it!  This is getting totally ridiculous.  How can we move in without mail service?  No wonder so many people hate the USPS.
Overpriced. Only went because we had a coupon.  Service was OK but not overly friendly either.  Definitely don't need to go back...
I bought a train set here for my son for Christmas.  He passed away due to cancer unable to use the train.  Roy's Train World would not take back the unopened train set.  Heartless.
Great coffee place. Generally we like starbucks. But this place is better.  I had the mocha late and Christine the red velvet. We split a chocolate muffin which was really great tasting buy not on my diet at all... VBG :-)
I would not give this place any stars. They suck. They try to rip you off by posting one price and then adding on fees and BS. The guy I dealt was pushy and had no freakin courtesy. I would not ever buy anything from them no matter how good the deal seems. I hope the owner of Ride Now sees this.
Mimosas are to die! Fresh squeezed orange juice that they make for every glass. The servers are so knowledgable in the quality of food and even offered to walk us through the gluten free options. Especially Sam! She really seems to love what she does and was on her A game. Will definitely be coming back !
Amazing customer service! I loved my brule Burger, especially with the siracha! Fries were perfect! Sweet tots very good! Corn very yummy and a cool menu item I think. I also tasted the chipotle ketchup and I liked it.
Love this place. The pizza is the best. The salads are amazing.
The PA Dutch is amazing, good fries & drink selection. Plus the decor has this old-church vibe which is really cute. Not really good for more than a two-person group though, as the seating is pretty awkward.
The service is very poor.  We waited 45 min for a table then they sat us in the aisle next to the bar with wicker chairs from outside.  It is more about seeing and being seen than the food.  The pizza was very greasy and the crust was really hard.
The service was good but the food was not. Even my kids wouldn't eat their Mac and cheese. It was totally tasteless. Won't be going back.
$6 exterior car wash, and you can find a $2 off coupon online.  Makes for a cheap car wash, except I have to get out of my car to dry off my car after it's been \"dried.\"  You get what you pay for!
Too loud........loudest club on the strip.  $8,000 later, people were in our VIP booth uninvited.  Need better security in VIP.  Id rather have a root canal than go back, this club is worse than the halocaust.
This place has a bigger dance room rather than other places.
waiting for my order was worth the wait.the food is awesome.we tried almost every sandwich they had on the menu.the sliders,the gyro,the kebobs.I mean the food is heaven.
don't know if it's authentic in Koreans' opinion. I was there ordered rice cake w/ fish cake and tastes good. The ambiance was good too, great lighting and space. will go there again if I have that crave for Korean food
Didn't eat but spent a lotta dough on drinks.  We had a good time with a good friend, new friend and family.
I loved this place while I lived and studied in Edinburgh.  My class mates and I went every week (almost every night) and always had a great time.  I hope it is as much fun now after the fire as it was a couple years back when I spent way too much time dancing and too little time preparing for exams.
Sad sad day when There is NO Christmas in this store and it's only 2 days after the holiday :( What's happened to this company?
We love coming here!!! They have the best doughnuts. The doughnuts are so fresh & big. The services is wonderful. Everyone is smiling & happy. We have come here several times & had always been a great experience.
Well, as always To many customers and not enough cashiers. But when you finally get to the register, the cashier is always hospitable and friendly. I like this one because its not as Ghetto as some of the other walmarts.
Hooray for yummie cocktails!\n\nOutside seating, live DJ, Hookah smoking, and TV's for football watching to boot!\n\nAmen
Simple menu that you basically build a dish from but it is very good. I only wish they had more menu items. Their iced tea is very good, you can taste the spices they add to it.
I loved el pollo loco until I came to this one. The green sauce in the little cup was moldy but i thought it was a chunk of goodness and it made me sick and I threw up and now I will never eat el\nPollo loco again.. Thanks alot el pollo loco number 2!
My husband just took me there today and I loved it! We had to share the baked ziti plate because the plates are HUGE. I also had an Italian margarita and of course it was delicious. Definitely going to be back.
pizza slices BIGGER than your face? yea you can get that here. not only are the slices monsterous, but the taste and texture are the closest thing to a NY slice you'll find in the Charlotte area.
Best steakhouse I have ever been to.  I have been here multiple times and it never fails at being the best.  Great service and even better food.  Much better than Smith and Wollensky.  I would give them five more stars if possible.  Bone in New York all day!
The food was cold when it came out to us, and it wasn't busy at all. Service was slow and the girl didn't care about the food being cold. Also the manager didn't care either. I would never recommend this place to anyone are go back myself. So somewhere else please you will enjoy yourself alot more.
Michael and Deanna in the electronic department are great! They were so helpful and provided excellent customer service. Deanna, put the customers needs first and made sure we were taken care of.  I will continue to shop for all of my electronic needs at this wal-mart.
Do not order from this location on Christmas. It looks like the driver sat on the pizza before delivering to us. What a shame. I even gave a 30% tip up front.
Decent breakfast and great service. I found the much touted corned beef hash to be too salty but everything else we ordered was great. Overall, I recommend this restaurant for breakfast
It's in my neighborhood! What's not to love about all the good stuff here? Pizza salad appetizers good bar atmosphere patio lite rail ... Try it you'll love it IMO
The food was nice and spicy. But nothing to write home about. Certainly a reasonable value in this area.
Horrible! It must be under new management, the last time I came here it was way better. This time I had to wait for 2 people that came after me before I even got started. I had to walk out I was so upset. NEVER COME HERE.
Comparable to the iPic theater in Scottsdale, but more affordable and less pretentious. My new go-to!
They have gone severely down hill. Have gone here for a couple years for close by chinese. I wouldn't go back.
One of the best in Vegas.  Uniquely crafted cocktails, great atmosphere, and stellar service without all the fuss of other places.  Great live music.....we could have stayed all night!
Great atmosphere, poor customer service.
Stay away from this place, the location is lousy,the shuttle service works great during the day, but after dark its useless the Bluegreen vacation timeshare is a scam, its over priced and after initial purchase the company over charges more for the \"maintenance fees\" .
service is slow at times, but food is good ans so is the beer varaiety.
While the location might be a maze's industrial nightmare, the food is win. For reals. Chocolate torte is incredible. Sandwiches and service were quite good.
Good pizza! Grabbed 2 slices and a drink for $5.25 lunch special.  Slices weren't huge but not small either.  Soft foldable slices.
Terrible wait time and service, thank you for ruining valentines day for us. Food is ok but the service sucks even with reservation. Go else where if you want a quality time. Never going back.
Good time, really good food.  Nice view of the strip.
love this place!   one of my favorite places to go in las vegas!
I knew this place must be great when I arrived and the parking lot was packed. The bar was filled and I waited about 20 minutes for a table. Not too bad right in the middle of dinner time and the food was worth the wait. Service was also very good. This is a gem of a Mexican restaurant.
Wow!  It really was very, very good.  The server was a little weird but overall everything was peachy!
The atmosphere is great, and the food is just as good.  The service staff were very friendly and helpful.  It's like a little island of Europe in Montreal.  I'd definitely come back again.  Try the French Onion Soup.
Great restaurant in the caesars forum shopps. Glad to see i didnt have to fly to miami to have my stone crab! We usually see someone famous when we dine here! Love the stone crab and joes special sauce!! Great bloody marys too!
Get the Italian beef sandwiches
I very rarely give a bad review but I HATE being ignored... I tip a lot \n\nBig mistake, huge.\n\nAh, well I'm off to find another place to spend my $$ :)
man, my stomch still hurts!!
I would definitely go back to this place!!!  They had a great assortment of salsa, great drinks and my burrito was fantastic.   I had the fried avocado burrito and it was very tastey!!!  Cute little place!!!
I ordered some food to-go and my order wasn't right so I came back. The manager, alex I believe,was very understanding about the fact that I was upset about having to come back so he compensated for my time. This experience wont keep me from coming back. The food was good as usual
Grade: F\n\nThis place sucks ass. I am not the only one who thinks that either. Nuff said.
Very average burgers. Too overpriced for what it is....just okay.
Very good dinner...the Chicken Alfredo was outstanding and your always in good shape starting with a Moretti
There are many long reviews of this place on here.  I'll make mine short.\n\nGood service.  Good portions.  Average food.
Never called me back... Thank u
Nice small sandwich shop.  Nice owner, sandwiches and treats.   It is so nice to have a local place.
Great pedicure & well ventilated.  Love!
This review is for the Shade Lounge. Overall it was a fun evening - great music, people watching and atmosphere around the pool. The drinks were somewhat overpriced, but otherwise I had a fun time and would definitely come back.
Horrible service. This Craig server is yelling at us as I'm writing this review. \nWill never come back.
I really liked this place UNTIL I realized that they don't clean their shrimp. Our server asked what was wrong and she told me that it's okay to eat that way and that they never clean their shrimp. \n\nThanks, but that's gross. CLEAN YOUR SHRIMP.
Just like every eatery, it is hit or miss with the service.  However this time, what's notable is the shrinkage of the menu and the quality of service.
Ook.  Needs a remodel in a BAD way.\nFelt childish compared to Mandalay Bay and Luxor (on either side).\n\nI bet kids would like the theme here.\n\nPro - less expensive than other strip hotels.
The mac and cheese and the ginger gin drink was great. My wife didn't like whatever chicken dish she ordered but we'll be back.
This was my favorite meal in vegas. Not as fancy of a restaurant as I thought, a lot of people were dress pretty casual. Out waiter was really nice, the service was great and recommendations were spot on. Loved the seafood.
Crazy busy on a Sunday morning @10:00, sat at the bar..quick service..both ordered the Calf. Benny,  Next trip the pork carnitas. Waitress recommended the Southwest carnitas which looked awesome.\nGreat place for breakfast/brunch.
Good food and OK service--but cash only.
Ehhhhhh. So-So. Very nice and accurate meals. But food tasted a bit artificial and thrown together mechanically.
$90 for a deep fried hot combo and a couple of crab legs? I feel like I could have purchased a couple of frozen bags of fried shrimp and it would have been $10, way overpriced.
Whataburger is the best of the fast food burgers.  Maybe because regional not national?  Who knows but they make a pretty good burger pretty fast.   They also don't go nutsvover special requests.   This location also has a terrific postervof Barry Goldwater.
This place is pretty good, and I'm glad to have another place to eat at in North Mesa. The staff is friendly and I like that is a small local business. The chicken quesadilla and carne asada potato were delicious!  I will be going back for sure.
This place is a wonderful find. Sort of out of place amongst the run down buildings that pepper that neighborhood. Great breakfasts, if a bit pricey compared to some of the a.m. joints. Decent coffee, and a nice tea selection. A cozy atmosphere, low key enough to sit a bit and read.
gorgeous interior design, patio overlooking the strip, friendly bar staff and AMAZING food. A+ for table side, prime steak tartare ! They mix the fine cut prime with fresh ingredients right at your table. don't miss the lump ble crab cocktail either! Nom nom nom for sure!
Fun place for breakfast.  Prices were reasonable and food was good.
Not too impressed. Keep in mind that I don't drink so probably isn't my typical scene.\nRegardless the strawberry French toast wasn't life changing and the hash browns were the exact ones you get at Denny's. \nI would not eat here again.
Update: Another star added due to the owner Lew's email to me regarding my visit and awesome service recovery. That's something you don't get very often.
The food was ok. But the waitresses there are so rude. We sat near the casher counter and we can clearly hear that they were talking about other customers. And the price was not cheap for the food. It is not the best Chinese food in town!
This is an incredible place. I have been coming here for 4 years. The breakfast bagel sandwiches are incredible. I love the free mini muffin!
came with a group of 6  people and were pleasantly impressed by the food, decor and knowledge of our server. My appetizer was great. The asparagus was SO good. I tried my friend's chili and it was absolutely AMAZING!  I will definitely be back!
Ox tail fries definitely good. Wait can be very long at times. Tried the Miyagi and Ronin cooked to perfection.
I've filled up several times at this gas station.  On the plus side, the lanes are wide and well lit.  On the downside, it's difficult to get in/out and positioned near a busy intersection.\n\nReturn Factor - 50%
Wonderful!  The food, service & atmosphere are great.  Miso carbonara is so good without the richness.  Deserts are excellent we had the tiaramisou.  Next time we try the creme brulee.  The staff is gracious and friendly.  We will be back.
It was just OK...nothing to ride home about. Probably won't go there again unless my usual place is packed. Well even the I'll wait.
Great company. I had a partial in ground spa installed and Penny Electric was recommended to install a 220 line and CB box. They did a great job and passed inspection first time. Very professional.
Nice place, good food but not the best vegan menu, service was also good but again the tables are to close to each other. The sorbet for dessert was very bitter. The decor was beautiful.
Very good Italian food.  Never had a bad dish there.  The atmosphere has just the right feel to it.  Not chain restaurant, but not overly quirky either.  Just a nice comfortable place to sit, eat and converse.
Held a breakfast here with one of our sales teams in the private room off the back.  Great service and an OK buffet.
Not impressed - the water was unfiltered, the food was not authentic or good and the service was not attentive.
Why have 1 day a week service and then on Saturdays.  I guess I have to decide between ever going out of town versus getting trash picked up.  Terrible idea.
Great to work with
Dirty store and poor quality clothing. Also, my thoughts when walking by the store are, \"were they blind when they hired their merchandiser?\" 2 stories of cheaply made crap. I go for the tank tops, pajamas and cheap fashion jewelry.
won't be going back... food was mediocre at best.  it is NOT kid-friendly.
I go here for the delicious chicken and steak tacos, 2 dollars a taco. I even like the rice and beans. The female staff are cute too. Lol.
try to call them.. I dare you
My favorite place to watch all the games.  Lots of big tvs and they have sound on for one of the games.  Fantastic food and huge apps.  I love the Po Boy but we really can't split an app first or I will not be able to finish my sandwich.  Huge selection of draft beer and that is what i like.
Finally, an honest place to take your car.  Don't bother looking anywhere else.  The owner takes the time to review everything with you and explains everything in detail.  The place is great. Thank you.
Pretty darn good, not the best but close.  Across from Children's hopsital so you have to handle the meter parking but usually spots open.  Staff is very nice and sincere, when you walk in you are not sure what to expect but it is a quaint, clean, comfortable interior with a bit of dress up.
Maybe this restaurant caters to a more Caucasian palate..? It doesn't have the crisp, clean taste that I appreciate at other pho places. (Just making a quick record for myself so I remember that I would have preferred the usual pho place that I go to in Vegas.)
Def the best BBQ in the burgh. Service was outstanding and the honey mustard sauce is unlike any other. not to mention the meat is tender and plentiful.
Pizza was ok but not hot, slow and unfriendly service with an attitude... Hostess looked like she was miserable. Won't go back.
The pizza is great! Flavorful sauce, quality cheese, AWESOME crust, and the slices are pretty decently sized. Great place for lunch- quick, clean, and reasonably priced.
always a bad experience, chips and salsa suck. portions are small and taste is bad. service is decent
Smoothies are great but waiting 25min in a drive thru is crazy...no excuse for this long of waiting for smoothies, sandwiches, and salads. Seems like they are way understaffed all the time.
We went here awhile back as part of a work outing.  I thought our server was in the weeds but I thougt food was okay.  The ambiance of the restaurant reminds me of old school places I use to go to back in Chicago.  I hope they pick up more business from Mob Museum and other downtown openings.
Food is okay.  Service is terrible.  Server made us feel uncomfortable and girl handing out \"free samples\" was incredibly rude.  Found out they are closing in a few months, which explains complete ambivalence of the staff there.  Stay away.
Food was alright. Service was the worst I have ever experienced. I took almost two hours for us to receive our food. I haven't and will not go back. THAI HUT IS MUCH BETTER/CHEAPER/BETTER SERVICE!!
The service was absolutely horrible.  Our waitress took our drink order twice and still forgot what I was getting.  The food was 4 stars but the service was a 2.  \n\nThis wasn't the first time I have had bad service.  If the bacon wasn't so thick and good I would never go back.
I normally don't write too many reviews but this place was terrible! The food had no taste, the vegetables were so bitter to the point my fianc\u00e9e and I couldn't eat it.
Great atmosphere, service, and food.  We have eaten here several times for the last 3-4  years and enjoy it everytime.
Horrible service and food. Worst beef Enchilada I have ever had, even I know Mexican Rice doesn't have peas and corn in it, and margarita tasted like it was poured from a can. This is not considered real Mexican restaurant in my eyes. Was definitely a waste of money!!
These guys and gals are awesome. Everyone is friendly and the staff always takes time out of their day to shake hands and small talk with you. They honor their appointments and really do try to get you the best deal available. I'm always in and out so that's even better.
Friendly staff...tons of great ideas and products!  I came here after a disappointing experience at Archivers in the same mall.  From now on, I'll happily come here instead!
I really love this place. I feel like I'm on vacation somewhere in the islands when I'm there. The food is really great.
Great place, very nice decor. Sushi is typical of a upscale sushi place. Not the best I have tried. I never seen this restaurant full, however even if the restaurant is empty service is really slow. It's not my first choice for sushi, but if I am not downtown montreal i'd go here.
Good boba with a wide variety of flavors and juices to add to your mix. If you're in the area and appreciate a good boba,  definitely consider stopping by!
Spice9 always  had terrible service, when we heard they reopened we had hoped it would be better. The service was absolutely horrible, then I was told by an employee the servers are paid minimum wage and ARE NOT allowed to keep their tips!!!! No wonder the service is so horrible. My friends and I will never go back!
Fantastic Indian Food. I guess the management is changed and its amazing. Especially the young guy at the register is customer service oriented. I am eating here daily!!!
Pho soup nazi
Charged us $96 for a catfish after quoting price as $30 (still too much for the small gnarly fish we got).  All I could do was laugh and wish I had eaten on the strip.
My favorite steakhouse in Madison. Consistently above average food and service meshed with a classic steakhouse atmosphere make it a top spot in town. \n\nWant a good drink and a great steak? Go. Now.
This place is a win.. it has everything you could want and more. Also, i think it tastes way better than cheesecake factory even though they are sister companies. \n\nWell done Grand Lux, Well done.
Delicious! We were in town from Salt Lake City and a stranger recommended this place. Thank you stranger! Delicious food. Friendly service. Francis, the GM, was friendly and funny. I wish we lived here so we could frequent this place. (Get the Mac and Cheese!)
Still pissed off about this place.
Couldn't have had a better experience  the place was clean from top to bottom  . I was greeted immediately smiles all around . I was served fast   . Food was hot and fresh   drinks weren't watered down  tables were clean and staff didn't seem to have down time   , they were busy cleaning  and sweeping    highly recommended
One of Montreal's last great spots to catch independent films and an excellent way to support Montreal's documentary film industry.
I love this place.  The passion the owner & his staff have is passed along in the quality of the food.  Locally sourced and locally made.  Yum!
It's a Starbucks, what else to say?\nThe parking lot can be a nightmare though.  Not enough spaces and difficult to get around the Schnuck's Express,
Excellent food and service.  Love this place!   We had the enchiladas with steak    The guacamole was yummy too.  This is now my favorite Mexican resturant!!!
Love it! Sundays are crazy. I've never seen so many beautiful women in one spot at a time. Ay karumba
Decent hot dogs
This place is awesome.  Great food, super friendly staff.  Really has a nice warm family feel.  Our daughter has so much fun.  Every time someone who worked here walked by, they would flirt and play with her and she loved the attention.   Awesome place for families to eat in a nice, warm atmosphere.  Highly recommend.
Truffle mac n chz is a must have! Great specialty cocktails and great happy hour 5-8 12am-3am
Meh, about says it. It was OK, the volcano roll was pretty good. The service was good but I just wans't all that impressed.
Went there for lunch, and the chicken parm was pretty tasty. Since it was mid day the restaurant wasn't very busy, so the service was good. I'd go back but I wouldn't go out of my way.
I don't like the restaurant portion of this TGI Fridays so I always order to go at the bar (live right across the street).  I always order the same salad but tonight I found a large kinky pubic like hair in it.  Absolutely disgusting!!!
Joe is an arrogant prick.
Easy. Nothing AMAZING, nothing AWFUL.  Just solid all around. If you want to keep grocery shopping easy, this is your spot.
I will echo what all the others have said.  This is great food, great value & made with love.  Had the fresh spring rolls, drunken noodles & green tea ice cream.  WOW! what a meal.
My family was in Vegas for a family event and I need a manicure and my hair to get done, knowing the strip has ridiculous prices I wasn't about to do that. Looked up this salon on-line and was happy with the services, friendly staff and my hair and manicure was perfect.
Out of business
This location is no longer open.
Scones and pizza were superb!!! I got my friend addicted! She drives from ahwatukee to liberty market daily for the scones!! Lol
Not a big fan of Paradise. Sandwiches are overpriced. Very corporate. Sweet are too sweet and leave a taste of diabetes in your mouth. Salads are boring. Lots of cheap lettuce is a must, but they flake out on the chicken. Coffee is meh. Service is solid.
I stopped by after hanging out at Casablanca Lounge.\n\nTrue Italian food with good subs and pizza.\n\nNot gourmet but good comfort food...\n\nDefinitely recommended!
Fried calamari the best in the menu!! Luv it, thanks God I found a replacement for Brio.
Mmmm I usually stop by here after 168 grocery shopping
Incomplete care pharmacy took all my information and credit card and failed to deliver my medication.
Crawling with bugs! It was definitely not my first time here, but the first time to see the bugs! There was 3-8  roaches at a time coming out of the wood. We told the staff and they said, \"The manager is here, there is nothing we can do.\"
So went back here again last night and ordered the Mac & Cheese; it was gooey with nice flavors. Many of my friends ordered food as well and all seems to enjoy their meals. I got to snack on some of my friends thin crispy fries that were yummy too. May have to make this a regular place :)
Old and under construction.  I remember the good old vegas days when this place was the focus of attention.   \n\nNow you can't even get near the sidewalk because their is so much construction.
The food isn't to bad.  Its a great local bar.  Very friendly and great bartenders.
Very tasty food but they changed my all time favorite meat dish ever - the Iskender Doner. Its a good dish now but it used to be superb dish. Dont know what happened. The soup is really good.
Food was excellent.  I had the lamb meat balls, and some wine. Service was great as well.
Fish was not seasoned and was overcooked. Fries were bland.  I've eaten here several times and the quality of the food is never consistent. Money wasted...
Love Zen Zen! Great customer service & great yogurt!
My cousin in Vegas has taken me here a couple times when I was in town and the Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs is da bomb.  Super tasty breakfast dishes here.  Check it out the next time you're in the area.
Great tasting sweet potato fries. Music is way too loud. Burger is large but very greasy. Bun was greasy, and double patty fat had soaked into bun. Way over priced at $11.50.  Next time it's McDonalds!
Ice monster cafe is the bomb dot com seriously don't know how I went so long without trying it. Comparable to Kuma and Snowflake, Ice Monster Cafe has much more flavor and amazing employees shoutout my girls Thuy and Myra! Great overall experience
My husband and I have been dinning here for the last 9 years. The food and waiters are always excellent.
BBQ was really dry and the tea was pretty stale tasting. Only part of the meal I enjoyed was the buttered biscuits. Cheap though.
Do not come here for breakfast. The waffles were overcooked; they were crunchy. The quiche was okay. It was seers with some greens but I wouldn't call it a salad because there was no dressing. I would not return here for breakfast. Great view of Bellagio though.
best place to take your car/truck to get wash..the guys give extra attention to it and focus on little details...comfortable waiting area and you can see your it getting wash
Good pizza but I saw the same thing where the guy making pizza did not wash his hands after handling money and the phone. No more. too bad too.
Don't pass this place up its the real deal.  family owned and a great new menu New York style.  Try the Grandma Pizza and you'll probably get addicted like I did. \n\nPrices are reasonable, service great and the real wood fired oven seals the deal for me.
Can't give wrong with Hot Bagels. Just moved into the area and been here 3 times already. We bring guests since we know they'll enjoy the food.
Great sandwiches and you cannot beat their prices!  Only negative is the automated system used to call order numbers.  It is annoying and ongoing.
WOW!!!  Thank you for the Best Birthday Cake ever!!!  No need to choose any other Bakery in Vegas!
Went to watch a game with my kids and asked them to change the channel on the tv  in a back dining area where no one else was around. They said no! So we went to chili's
Good food. There are much better places in Vegas.
This place was once a gem.  Ate there this past Sunday and it was very disappointing.  Service was horrible and  burgers are not what they used to be.  Wings w the candied jalape\u00f1o sauce were delicious.
Love this place. Amazing good food with super cheap price.
Closed, now called The Timbers.
Love the food here.\n\nWe went w/some of our friends who were regulars and sat at the bar. The service was so so.
Food was disgusting and way overpriced. And the interior is very bland and ugly. Very uncomfortable seating. Diner style feel with shitty food. $40 for unflavored chicken. Blahh!!'
It's our favorite place in earth! We have been there 3 times and it just gets better. It's a bit far and of course, expensive but you get more than you expect for your money. I have dinned in Vegas for 850 bucks, did not get the same experience I have had at Kai, neither the great food.
Love that place! Great authentic Pub the beer and food is amazing! Love the roast beef poutine, the salads are great also! Great place to go for 5 @ 7.
It's a shopping mall with lots of store to see.  There weren't to many people present for a Friday night so the experiance wasn't that bad.
Came here to watch a game. Was told to stop cheering for the game as we were too loud. Will never again confuse this as a sports bar. Got the message. Loud and clear. Lost a lot of customers tonight.
This is the best pizza in Scottsdale! Our waiter, Tyler, was so friendly and outgoing. He recommended great beer choices and sold us on the cheesy bread and spinach dip. The barbecue chicken thin crust pizza was amazing!
This place is ridiculous! Had a table which was paid for in full then theres a random fight by our table which no body from our table was involved in and the idiots they hired as bouncers kicked us out our table form no reason! Will not be back and will let everyone know not to go spend their money here!!
Two words:  Kobe chili!  My wife had the Bison one night and the range platter the next.  I stuck with my old stand by, the Filet.  Great food and staff.  Little pricey considering their in the Luxor but would return.
Great food and great atmosphere. Try to Small Plates if you don't want to stuff yourselves but hey, it's Vegas so all (diet) bets are off, right? Recommended.
Loved the spa and amenities... But TV in the relaxation room???  Chairs there not great for lounging and reading.   But steam room and article room were great
Great French dips and burgers. The calamari is also good. It is a little pricey for the family but worth it. The owner remembers us even though we only come every 6 months or so. This is definitely a favorite for my family.
Worst McDonald's ever...tweekers \"spare changing\" freely, some lady threatened to beat another lady's ass, following her around yelling, dirty drink area, etc. The building looks good, as the only good point. I'll never return to this location if I can avoid it!
Been visiting this spot for over 10 years.  Was my favorite local spot but got to say, the quality has gone way down.
Just called about a transponder car key and was told he's not making car keys. I had high hopes because of all the rave reviews plus I double checked they did transponder car keys on their website. Very discouraged.
Poor service but good dollar margaritas which you can upgrade o a double shot for 2$ more. We had tacos and cheese quesadilla at lunch time/ mid afternoon. Service was slow and food was mediocre. Three margaritas four tacos and quesadilla was 18$
Great food. Bar environment. You get what you pay for. Slow service when crowded but its worth the wait
Join the co-op, work a few hours a month, get a nice discount on organic foods and bulk items, plus eco-friendly cleaning and paper products.  Meet great people.  Simple.
Very disappointed. Hush puppies were overcooked and at room temp. Chopped bbq had bone chips. Ribs were tough. Steak was undercooked. Slaw was bland. Chili and sweet tea were only positives of meals (tried place twice).  Service was good.
Every beer I ordered was warm. yuck. The cocktails were good, but I only drink beer. The place was dead, and that wacky hologram of people dancing is cool for 20 seconds but the novelty runs out quick. Maybe it was the wrong Thursday night to go but meh. I've experienced better..
You probably heard about this place from the guy on the street advertising it. The atmosphere is pretty nice, the place is clean and looks high end. Despite that, the prices are very reasonable (my table split the bill and it was about $14 each). Wide selection of chinese food, pretty standard chinese restaurant.
This has been one of our favorite spots for a long time,but the new bartender, Harry, CANNOT make a good margarita!  Steve used to be there but now works at Renegade Canteen. \nFood is great and service good here though and worth trying.
I love Pink's Hot Dogs in all incarnations, and this one was no different. I thought the prices were reasonable for Las Vegas, and I enjoyed my chili dog. The only problem was that the menu seemed abridged from others I've seen, like their WeHo location and their truck at the Orange County fair.
over priced for the work they did. \none of the workers said movers don't do gentle.
It's good but the bread is a little hard for a baguette. Fountain Pepsi was flat.  Not as many choices as other locations closer to real Chinatowns
Waiting soooo long even after a 30 minute quote. Paid additional to get the interior washed and leather treated and HIGHLY unsatisfied. When I got my keys there was still dirt on my floor boards and mats were crooked and not snapped back in! I can do a way better job at a self vacuum facility!
food is always cold, never prepared right, the workers are rude, especially someone by the name of laurie and the manager ALMA,  dirty place.
Great dinner and service...Chilean sea bass, chicken satay, lobster wontons, 5 spice ribs, and classic pad Thai. Ambiance is dark and sultry.
Been here a few times and thought it was pretty cool. It is a nice stop up in the Way North end of town. There is not a lot of places to grab a bite & a drink out there in the wee late hours of the night. Lots of HD TVs and the music is pretty loud after dark.
just genius. fantastic desserts with a lot of great variety to make it different than any other place. plus the fact it's also a bar with some great specials like $20 bottomless wine Thursdays you can't lose. well prepared desserts and the best part I was able to order milk...and soy milk too!
Love the updated space! Remembered our favorites even tho we haven't been there in 6 months! Brought friends from South America and they were amazed by the quality, taste, atmosphere,  etc. Sushi chefs are so fast it's unbelievable!  \n\nLoved everything.. already planning our next trip!
Parking starting to feel like California but I love this place!! Where else could people watching be this entertaining!! And the atmosphere is laid back and chill love it.
Basics for a Mexican Restaurant: Get your chips right. The worst chips and salsa in town.
Great chicken sandwiches and cold beer what more can you ask for?
We had to do the $1.99 shrimp deal.  For our tastes, it was fairly marginal, but for that price, it was ok.  I had to have at least two servings even though the shrimp seemed to be out of a box of pre-prepared & fairly small shrimp.
Dishonest, said my tire sensor was out went to another discount tire they said all my tires were low on air once filled the light went off
Food is fine. They always book you for a large or extra large of everything unless you specify. They will not offer different portions. Large pet peeve of mine, buyer beware. Food is fine though.
BEST RED VELVET CAKE IN THE WORLD! The store is crowded and always busy but the food is worth the drive and hassle.
The best looking consignment store I have ever seen.  Designer labels galore.  But pricey.
Its an ok place, I think its too hyped up because it's in the Red Rock. But seriously now, i think the service and food could be stepped up a little better, especially for the price!
Useta eat here once in a while. Was below average, which surprised me since the area is a bunch of wanna be snobs. But last time I got food poisoning. Will not be goin back.
No resolution was ever given.  They offered to have me call but that was to no avail.  The call was a complete waist of time and any claim to the contrary is a superficial attempt to save face in front of people reading about this company on yelp.  Count all those 1 star reviews - they don't happen  by accident.
Definitely hit the spot after a long weekend of partying it up!
I have had some dishes here which were cool.  But hands down the best dish ever is the brown rice chicken wrap. When I used to live in LA, I would make this a must do each trip.  I get it with no advocado, my friends get siracha with it.  but just plain is so damn good.
I couldn't even detect the hops in what they assured me was the IPA. The rare sirloin was the rarest rose. The breakfast burrito was good. Service was quite friendly. Smoky atmosphere, of course.
Overpriced veggie. Not fulfilling. food was meh!
Awesome job! Very professional.
Over priced for the quality and taste they offer. Don't think I'll be going back. Their customer service needs some help too we didn't get our drinks until we started eating and they weren't nice enough to even bring to the table. Simply not going back.
Authentic Indian food. Very flavorful, reasonable portions. Very fair price value by NYC standards. Slightly above prices of other student venues nearby.
I recently moved here from New York and my hair has had the hardest adapting to the dry Arizona Climate.  I saw Angela at the salon and she gave me the best deep conditioning, scalp massage, and style ever.  She is extremely knowledgeable and makes me feel comfortable.
Love this place!  They're so friendly and the coffee is fantastic.  I'm a sucker for Starbucks because of the drive thru... but the more I visit Mama Java's the more I remember just how bad Starbucks really is.  If you haven't visited this place yet, do it!
Everything about our dining experience was absolutely superb!  Outstanding service and some of the most delicious steak ever.  The salad bar is incredible too!  I highly recommend it.
Service seemed quite good but the meatball sandwich I ordered seemed to be lacking enough meatballs at least one-forth of the bun was empty lengthwise and the meatballs were small. They should either put on more meatballs of adequate size or serve it on a bun half the size.
Don't tell me that there is no overhead room and make me check my bag just to have me walk on the plane to see half the overhead storage spaces open.
I found this place on yelp and was pretty impressed by the reviews so I decided to check it out. I was greeted and was glad to get started right away. The staff takes their time when doing your nails and does a great job. I used the special that was on yelp and thought the price was fair. Overall, great experience!
It was alright. I don't think this is the type of place I'll regularly go. They definitely had good meat and fancy ambiance. It loses a star though, because my cup got empty a few times and I was thirsty.
Crazy expensive.....medium bacon cheese burger meal-  12.00\n2 people running the whole store..... 15-20 minute wait.\nFood.....meh?\n\nFreddies steakburgers.....best value around !
Wierd that this place is still in the database.  It has been closed for a long time.  I watched the implosion!
Having been back to Cork & Bottle several times  since my original review, I've interacted with other employees and have had a much better experience! I've updated my original 2-star rating accordingly.\n\nStill a great selection and very convenient location.
This is the first time Yelp has led me astray.  We got a variety of donuts and all of them were so so dry.  We ended up throwing them away.  I do appreciate that they stay open late.
As a place to watch sports, I love it! Lots of TVs = non-stop sports action. \n\nIf you want good food, Champs will disappoint. Had the Champs Burger. Dry, overcooked, yuck. Don't.
It was a great location for people watching in Vegas! The food was outstanding and the service was impeccable!\n\nOur waitress was so sweet and very accomodating!\n\nLove this place, order Salmon, Burger, any of the sandwiches it is all yummy!
I like the selection, food is awesome. Front of the house could use some organization but I get it... It's packed! I like to sit at the counter but avoid Rosa the server... She lessens the experience here with her POOR SERVICE!
Had been seeing Dr. Edgecomb for seven years who left this office. I was reassigned to a brand new Dr...Horrible! Found out she was let go. They recently lost my blood work and put it in another patients chart!
Solid pizza. The space is a bit cramped. The pizza is doable. I enjoy thin crust. Service is always good. The flavor just didn't stand out like i hoped.
Cheapest 9mm ammo ive seen so far. The owners are nice and the guy even remembered me from a couple weeks ago when i stopped by to look around.  They got some nice guns also.
This place WAS fantastic  however it is closed
The place was very clean, the server super friendly and willing to make suggestions on the menu, I had a great lunch and Yes I did like the food i will come back to this Peruvian restaurant.
They made me wait over 30 minutes for my first appointment, yet if you are late 10 min you get cancelled and charged $10.  Front desk tried to charge me a co-pay of $35 yet my insurance covers 100% with no co-pay or deductible. Would not recommend. Find a better place to get your physical therapy.
Clumsy ordering system with no help from hip hop wait staff only to receive dry, burnt food. Pass.
Do not waste your money or time.\n\nThe wait times were 30-45 minutes for each event, the technology was old, and nothing seemed to work. I was given a wrist band for no reason. The motion seats were nice, but the 10 minute 4D experience movie should have been in 3D.
Small menu, dining room closes at 7:30 pm not 8 pm. Drive thru is open till 8. Food is ok, you get your Greek craving.
Jay is an awesome bartender. Knows exactly what he's doing and never stops working. 5 stars and 5 star sushi.
Somehow the online menu made me lose my appetite? I cant really even explain why exactly?My friend said it was\"good\",so I checked out the menu,and well, yeah.....Get a different webpage, and change your name.
ehh...no.
Now this is a sushi place!! Authentic, small yet delightful! You will not be disappointed with the fresh fish selections they use! I love this place!! Thank you Hana! One of the best in Phoenix!! No liquor license and so far do not charge a corking fee.
Yippee I found the best girls in North Phoenix.  Definitely stop in and see Ann, Tracy or Victoria for your holiday nails.
Very good prices, decent pizza and Italian.  Would try again.
Awesome bargains and prices! I have found a new shopping spot without having to feel guilty.
So happy this place has a location close to home.  I have been wanting to try this place for awhile, but too lazy to drive.  This place is great!  service is decent and I like the atmosphere.  Everyone talks about the red velvet pancakes which I did try, but I think the best pancakes are the banana cream pie.  A must order.
One of the best burgers I have every had. Nothing to complain about from service, price or food, everything was wonderful.
Loved it. For more authentic cuisine choose the food marked with a star. The waiter we had was fantastic.
Don't waste your time... Ick! It's already dry enough in Arizona, don't think we need our food like that too...
We made the drive up there from Tempe based on the excellent reviews.  The food and service was fine, but in our opinion not necessarily worth the drive.  My wife had a yummy shrimp dish and I had the thai style chicken it was just okayish.
We are Madison residents and this is our favorite restaurant in town.  It has a great balance of menu items, drinks, food quality, service, and prices.
Best sushi on the west side! Love it and eat there 3-4 times per week! Fresh and great quality...order the First Love Roll!
For cheap and fast pizza this place is good. I go every once in a while to get a pizza. Seriously, its chain and it tastes like one. Go if you want some fast cheap pizza, don't expect Grimaldi's or anything.
My friend and I went here because it was on TV.\nThe decor was nice and service was great despite us coming in near closing.\nOur food came out cold and was just alright.
Nice on the inside but employees and other customers are not pleasant. Recommend staying away.
The best pizza I have ever had in my entire life!!!!! Omg!!! The wait sucks :( but I just enjoy the bar next door until I'm a little buzzed and ready to eat! :)
Yummy as usual.  We have no problem making the trek from NLV in order to get the best sushi in LV.  We always start with the seafood salad and son of a beach then make our way from there.  If you find a better place than Yama, let me know so I can give it a shot.
I had the fried pickles, which were interesting.  The taco-trio with beef brisket, pulled pork, chicken and a bacon wrapped jalapeno.  Good, but not 4-star worthy.
Not impressed. Food was gross, staff didn't look professional or like they even tried to look decent. Just seemed really sloppy.the menu was too much, you just dont know where to start and the food doesnt even look anything like what you get.\nDefinitely not visiting that chilies again.
This is not Olive Garden........I don't mean that in a bad way. Here it is a little more classy. More relaxing and great food! Nice place to take a date or the wife to enjoy a quiet meal and just relax. Servers are very good and nice here.
Disgusting. I was served chicken wings with curry when I ordered chicken curry. At Pho I ate the worst food I have ever had, no doubt.\n\nI would never go back to this restaurant. Ever.
I love me done chicken! After watching undercover boss I had a hankering to get some yummy grub. Sad to say tho this place is not the cleanest I would have hoped for. The bathroom smelled horrible. The food was good, but not overly exiting. Will return but hope it is a little cleaner in the future
We went on a D-Backs game day!  The food was pre-prepared and the waitress did not even know what \"well/ house vodka\" was.  The service was alright but was def not worth the price or wait!   Most likely won't return!
I signed on to yelp just to write a review about Diego it was the worst so called Mexican food I have ever experienced! Very bland flavor and very over priced. I live in Orange county and work in Los Angeles and we have some very good Mexican restaurants and Diego do not even come close to any of them.
Was not impressed, the tech didnt speak English at all. My acrylics looked okay, a lot of little mistakes though. Pedi cure was terrible she was extremely rough and sanded off some of my skin. Won't be going back, prices were decent though.
Drive thru is always busy I prefer to go inside
The best burgers in the valley, so. I've been told. Came here on a Saturday afternoon with some friends, and was blown away by the amazing blue tables, clean glasses and 2 HDTVs. Awesome.
Loved this place! Pricey but worth every penny! 3 levels of party is outrageous and the lines for the bathroom ain't long at all!
An extraordinary experience. Every dessert is made in front of you and are works of art & taste amazing. A must try if you're in Vegas.
Who doesn't love Mellow Mushroom. Their pizza crust is my favorite part and I have never had a bad pizza from them! They even have a groupon going on right now, so I can't wait to go again soon!
I always thought this place didn't seem appetizing from what it looks like on the outside, but it's actually cozy & welcoming! The service is quick & food is delicious...especially their banana nut muffins & ranch potatoes. I will definitely come back & recommend this place to my family & friends.
Worst hotel of the chain. Bad customer service. Tiny suites unless you are staying in the towers. I've been a loyal customer for years and unfortunately recommended it to business partners. I can say I will no longer stay at Luxor in the future. Pay extra and stay at a respectable establishment. Hope this helps.
Sola combines the quaint feel of a modern/urban coffee shop in the midst of downtown Scottsdale. Service is great. Internet access is free. Best of all, the coffee is incredible. I recommend this place to anybody who lives in the area or who is passing through, like me.
one word, it s not good, it's not sushis! \nI can cook better sushis by myself!
Finding a good ma and pa cuban restaurant is hard! I stopped in for the first time today and got the cubano sandwich and fried plantains. They were amazing! I will be coming back again for sure!
Pretty cool sushi just slightly expensive.
The restaurant was recommended by the people at Vapeco next door.  The service was helpful and friendly.  We ordered the fries and appetizer plate.  The fries came highly recommended.\n\nFood was good and filling.  Would definitely go again when in the area.
THE WORST. I wish I would have done my research before hand but got caught up in the coupons. In the end, saving a few bucks is NOT with dealing with these people and their awful service.
We live in Paradise Valley and drive all the way to Sushi Ken for the best tasting Tempura udon and yummy rolls.  My kids also love their kids menu!  This place reminds me of the Japanese places we used to go to when we lived in San Jose, CA.
Coming from new jersey I had high hopes when I saw they had chicken and shrimp parm sandwiches.  I was quickly let down once it was delivered. The chicken and the shrimp themselves were ok nothing great but they worked.  The sauce and cheese though tasted like it came right out of the jar and bag.
Got Pick-Up. The ambiance there probably ups the place but based on spending 70 bucks for a pizza with barely any toppings & \"wings\", if they can be called wings, (the box was nearly empty) I was highly disappointed.
Very silky & light with no ice chips. Just like hkg, sin, tpe. I hope taro flavor will be available soon. Went back for my 2nd visit,  but it was closed because the generator overheated on Saturday,  June 8, 2013. Already miss its perfect shaved cream dessert.
We went for our anniversary - great experience. Very good appetizers, salads and pizza.  There is no pasta on the menu except on Tuesdays & Wednesdays when they make it in house. Looking forward to going back
What a fantastic place to enjoy a meal. We started with the steak and chicken nachos and finished by splitting the shrimp fajitas. It was all great. And the service was top notch as well. I would not only recommend this place.  I will be back every time I'm in Vegas.
A little unsatisfied with the selection but they did manage to have the steamer that I was looking for. Macy's is open until 11pm for the holidays, so if you desperately feel the urge to shop late, this is the place to be apparently.
I love Marie Callender's and this one didn't disappoint me.  The service was very quick and super friendly.   The food is great and the portions are good.   Eating here is always a good value and here it was a good experience.
Had an exceptional first experience here! Bill was my technician and he was full on awesome! He helped me pick out a great color and made my nails look beautiful!! The entire salon was clean, friendly and I enjoyed it a lot! Thank you so much!! Can't wait for my next session! :)
Corey took great care of me and my car, The mechanic Steve is awesome too!! Will be going back for my next oil change!
Got a pepperoni pizza.  it was terrible.   The dough was undercooked in the center and the crust was overcooked.  The sauce tasted like tomato paste right out of the can.  Very disappointing.  A lot of great reviews, maybe I went on a down day.
This place has the best wings I've ever had. I am always happy when I come here. I order the wings crispy and they are never soggy like most places...I also like the buffalo chicken quesadillas.
If the new owner going to spent that much money for this place. They should do it right...all i can said is still an old Sahara with a new paint and new name..and what's up with the monkey concept anyway it look horrible.
really good canteloupe boba smoothie.
I went there for the 10/mo deal. Then I met with Christian the training manager for the free orientation and found out I need to lose 40 lbs to be at my target weight. I have a big hill to climb but I'm sure with the direction of their personal training program which they offer I will be able to do this!!
Don't buy anything from Sabrina. She offered me a pre-made smoothies and she put it back to the fridge when I said No to her. Plus you expect unfriendly service. Attention to the Manager/Owner please check your camera. It happen around 9:45pm.
Had an amazing time here saturday with a group of friends! Our server Jovana was great and the manager was constantly interacting with tables and helping out the servers. We even got a surprise dessert at the end for a birthday! Can't wait to come back :)
Definitely give this my \"Flamio Hawtman\" review  definitely recommend this establishment if you're looking for good food that's good for you
Awesome course, very challenging holes. Fried chicken wrap in the restaurant was AMAZING!
Food was good until they ran out of crab legs.. How can you have a all you can eat crab legs day then run out SMH
Unreliable!!Never delivered flowers. Paid extra for same day delivery. Poor customer service, wouldn't refund delivery charge but offered a 20% off my next purchase which I declined at that point..Ill consider another flower delivery service for my flower orders.
I've ate here a few times.  It's a bit pricey $35 for the seafood buffet.  They do give you an assortment of seafood.  Service is okay.  It can get very crowded on the weekends.
nice zoo and decent animals, nothing extraordinary though.
Food is subpar and highly priced because it's located on the strip.
Prices weren't bad for the big Vegas drinks. I should of added extra shots to my drink.. but it was in the middle of the day and didn't feel like getting too buzzed before having to go back to the hotel and get ready to go out. At least I got to bring my souvenir cup home :}
I LOVED my BomDomWich!  Was absolutly yummy :)  \nCan't wait to try more FUNKY FOOD-pizza is next!  \nWould definatly take the time to stop in - your tummy will leave happy :)  :)
The bone in ribeye was freakin delicious!  I am glad had a good experience at my first Emeril restaurant.  Hopefully my next one will be Commanders Palace in 2 years.  woot woot.
Super Tasty!!!! Passes!! Toasted bread! Got the Italian!!! On the small side, skimpy with the veggies. $5.99 is decent price, like a 6\" sub.
It is a nice little hole but the bartender sure is full of himself for a guy who didn't wash his hands in the bathroom. Maybe it's a hipster thing I don't get but I know I won't drink there again.
Their honey toast is not very tasty. Maybe I just only like it at ichiza. Service is ehhh. The  lattes are nothing memorable. \n\nI don't really see myself coming back
Food is excellent. Service sucks. I'm writing this review because I'm looking across the bar at a man holding up his glass as the bartender walks by (not the 1st time) without getting another beer. My waitress is quick to replace my tab in the shot glass before me, but it still takes almost 5 minutes to get my beer.
DJ Tsunami.... Mixes music like a train wreck. The beats are off he either ends a song then starts up another or he completely destroys the mix. I don't know where they got him but he needs to go back.
I was only here briefly, but after seeing how one of the employees was totally dressed down by her boss, in front of a customer, I don't think I'll be shopping here.
Great products!! I wish they had more choices on vegetables though. For the most part the staff are friendly. At times you would come across those who are abrupt, not so friendly staff like today.
Spent two days of my life and hardly left the hotel as I was there for a wedding.\nThe bar was nice, the breakfast was good and it was a nice place for a wedding.  I would have enjoyed a pool and some more amenities, especially being there with children, but overall, it was OK.
Meh, bland food and a # 2 between the two other vendors in terminal E
We were very disappointed in this restaurant as the other reviews and photos looked so good!  We went for breakfast and the portions were small and lacked flavor.  We will not go back.  We should have stuck with the hotel's buffet.
The food was amazing! Well prepared, well cooked, and well presented. I highly recommend Pullman. Only reason why I took away one star was because the tables were so small.
Didn't even have a chance to try! We were a group of 12 and you'd think they'd want our business. We were not greeted nicely and seemed frustrated that we were a large group and wanted to sit together. They were not even busy! We went to Whiskey Rose...so glad we did!
Came across this place while traveling! I hate fast food so thought this was a way to get quick food; but not fast food. It was so worth it. Plan to spend about $12 BUT you are paying for freshly cooked food that is far more nutritional than Burger King.
Love this place! Our favorites are: we start with the hummus with the pita bread then we order the original Fat Gyro and for dessert the yummy baklava. They also are friendly and have great prices!
Being new to the area, it was my lucky day when I stumbled across this salon!  Love the atmosphere and Sam is phenomenal!!!
At best, one can call this place a pedestrian joint.  I'd give this cafe three stars for the not-so-bad-not-so-memorable food and service, but the tacky comeback from the owner on yelp is off putting enough to justify docking two points off my rating.
I like it 'cause it printed on shinny heavy stock paper.\n\nWeight+Shinny=Street Cred!
Not very friendly on your wallet. Save you $$ and skip the burger. As a burger aficionado, I was disappointed by the burger. Medium is medium and not well done. The meat had very little flavor which is why I assume the mix garlic in with the meat. Still not impressed.
I ordered a deep dish pizza. It was hot and cheesy which to me is a win win. I read the other reviews and I just had to visit myself. I found the staff pleasant. They made it easy to order. Its nice having options in my area.
You 2 star reviewers have probably never been to Chinatown, need to start carrying cash and get over yourselves.  This is the best bowl of pho I have had in a long time.
Been there 2X already and always good.  Had the 3 chick tacos and 3 Asada tacos.  Both were delish.  Service is fast and food is plentiful.  This is a neighborhood joint short on atmosphere but oh so good is the food.  We'll keep going!
We totally enjoyed our dining experience.  From the moment we walked in the door, we were made to feel special.  Everything was delicious from the wine, salad and of course, Matteo's masterful pizzas. Bravo!
Saved my photo taking life, my camera's battery was dying and I forgot to bring my battery charger.  They had mine instock with a multi sized battery charger for around $50.  Staff was friendly and knowledgeable.
Best onion rings i have ever had in my life hands down!!! They have lots of different burgers, something for everyone! Good service and great food!
Watch out for this guy. He took advantage of my daughters  bachelorette party, ran the card and tipped himself over $200. He also took picture of the girls and put them on his Facebook. Shady operator.
Cool, new brewery in North Phoenix.  Pretty simple decor, lively atmosphere with live music, pretty good brew and friendly bartenders.  Nice addition to the neighborhood!
Was very disappointed with the food. It was overcooked and not seasoned very well
Sushi is wonderful, nice place to go to lunch if your not in a hurry.  Customer service could be a little better however I feel like they are understaffed.  Love the fact that you can call in a to go order!
Very good sushi. Thanks fellow helpers for the reccommendation. I visited this place while on a business trip and wasn't disappointed. Will definitely come back. Sushi was far better than the fancy places on Scottsdale Blvd.
Love the flavors and the food! Decent prices, recommend to everyone
These guys sold me a car a couple months ago.  Since then I've had to fix multiple oil leaks, buy a new radiator, replace the belt tensioner, get a new battery, and fix a tail light.  Today, my airbag warning light lit up. There you have it.
Very nice people. Easy in and out of the drive-thru. Good options. A bit pricey, but totally worth it. Creamy rich goodness.
Went to the day club on June 14th. $70 buckets of beer? Not cool. At some point these vegas pool partys are just making up the prices they want to charge for drinks.
Forget massage envy. Had a horrible migraine going on occasionally this whole year and was prescribed prescription strength meds. The massage from this place helped a lot. It's super affordable which I like. Buy their oil too. My Chinese family has a bunch of these oil lol. Will be coming back.
This was my first time at this place. The chicken dish I had was good. I need to explore the differences between Indian and Pakistani more. I am intrigued.
I am there at least twice a year and I go there everytime and the staff are really friendly thats what we need these!! KEEP IT UP!!!!!
We had a 5-course meal and wine pairings.  The wine is why I gave it 2-stars; otherwise would've been worse as food was very bland.  No creativity to the cooking.  I enjoy extremely nice meals but McNinch is way overpriced for what you get.
Call Debbie for help is all I can say! She will help with any credit issue. She has integrity and will not charge you for BS.
On hold!!
Very disappointed. Had dinner there last night for the first time. Very limited menus. Don't understand why you can't order any pizza. Waitress great. Eggplant dish bland. Given the reputation I was really looking forward to a great meal. Three stars at best maybe two.
I ordered Sweet & Sour Chicken.  The chicken and rice was hot, but the pineapple and sauce was cold.  I've had much better elsewhere.  Last time I go there!
Amazing little coffee shop! Loved the atmosphere and the coffee was fantastic! The employees were friendly and even helped play tour guide for my friend and I.
Amazing.  He took a suit that just didn't fit right and made it into a tailored dream.  DO NOT hesitate to take anything to him.  He will knock your socks off...
Pretty good pizza. Not bad, not the best. Kinda pricey... The staff is super friendly, which makes the 4 stars.
it is a beautiful, huge mall in the center of Scottsdale. Great selection of shops, beautiful decor and convenient parking. Once the shops are closed just walk around the area and if you get hungry then make sure that you stop by in one of the nearby restaurants.
Eco Fresh Carpet Care did an amazing job on my rental property! They are professional and take pride in their work! Carpets looked brand new when they were done!
Location isn't so great, but the hotel is extremely clean and comfortable. If you want something out of the mix, a good choice.
sooooo good!! best flavors.  salsas were amazing. mojitos and margaritas best ever!
Enjoyed a excellent club sandwich and a unique side of jalape\u00f1o and cheddar mash potato.
Lookin for a clean hot towel straight razor shave, a cold beer and a sterile professional environment for a solid tattoo all in one visit? This is the place!!! Talented and friendly staff all around! Highly recommended even if you just wanna stop in and say hi!
I walked in and there were two employees just laying on the bench... They looked like they haven't showered or washed there clothes in weeks, I was tempted to just leave but stayed anyways, the food was okay... Won't be going back.
Absolute perfection , food was delicious , made quickly and promptly, wonderful customer service and professionalism from the owner including staff! Thank you Pita Cafe
Went for Restaurant Week with a friend. Adorable little place, wonderful atmosphere. The squid was just slightly overcooked but everything else was perfect. Service was great. Bring your own wine.
Some good staff but overall Mr Parker and his cronies continue to nickel and dime yo uh to death and most of the employees are indifferent to downright rude
Good burgers with a lot of options (and i mean a LOT) but really pricey.
Not nice
Holy moly.\n\nAbsolutely. Fabulous.
Been here several times for lunch when I lived in the area, great value and not bad. What I didn't like was the Japanese Techno music..would return
Moldy air with beer that tastes like the tubing has not been changed in a while. After not getting service at a table, one of the bartenders was nice tho.
I just went there there for lunch today.  The food was good and it was a great price.
They have changed the pedi here and not for the better. I felt rushed and the exfoliation and polish wasn't what I expected for a $45 pedicure.  I'll be back, but I doubt I will opt for the deluxe pedicure again.
Good enough job. Better than Danny's. They are relentless on the up sales though. I dropped a car off to have it detailed and the guy had the stones to call me 15 minutes later trying to up sale me.
What is the mgm anymore without its lions now they have put translucent cover over the entire lion habitat.  How retarded! !
The staff here are very nice and are willing to find the stuff you needed. I bought a Nike Gym Sack and it was on sale. So far, I love the product.
nothing fancy, it is just a movie theater. but its always clean as it should be, if you wanna see a flick and dont feel like waiting in huge lines sams town is always a good spot to go.
Don't ever deliver food here. I ordered for myself only but it took more than an hour. It was just a dinner.. not like a family meal. Never ordering here again...
Kevin of Andy's Heating and Cooling competently diagnosed and addressed my HVAC unit's condensation leak and worked through an unrelated subsequent repair.  Affordable, honest, effective.
Good pizza.  Full set of spices, etc. on every table - I really like that in a pizza place. Friendly staff.
Go elsewhere for service! Quoted one price to sell a piece of jewelry to them, the very next day quoted $75 less for the same piece of jewelry. The do not honor their word!
For produce, the store is amazing. The prices are those that can't be beaten, but everything else is so much more expensive. \n\nIf you like the smell of dirty, soggy dog. Then this is the place for you. The smell can be a bit overwhelming sometimes.
THE WORST!!!!!  I made an appointment and then when I arrived they told me to come back in 1.5 hours.  So unprofessional!
Great tasting and healthy Indian!  Well, supposedly healthy because they said they don't use Ghee.  Ghee==gross pure fat.  But the food was definitely delicious!!!!  And reasonably priced, too!  Will definitely be going back when craving some hot n' spicy Indian food...
We had always wanted to stay here, but I am very disappointed.  The room was very small, and I know your just there to sleep but I was just very unimpressed with the room.  Think I will stick to down town
Very good upscale burger.  Bun holds up well.  Highly recommend for this category.  Kobe burger was very good.  Decor quite plain.
Amazing everything how I've had at friends house's home made! Really nice staff and waitresses,  cool atmosphere.
Good food/drinks...good atmosphere, but the music is waaay too loud to have a good conversation.  I like the indoor/outdoor concept.
Love the food and the service! They make you feel at home. This is our new spot! Happy Hour buy in drink get the second one free.... Yeah baby!!!!
Hands down my favorite burger joint in Charlotte... Maybe even better than the Penguin!!  What?? Did I say that out loud?  Just a GREAT place to chillax and enjoy!!  LOVE IT!!!
We both ordered hamburgers for dinner and they were sooooo good!!! cooked just perfect. I havent had a hamburger that good in many many years. The prices for the hamburgers werent that much but for everything else its kinda pricey.
The food was good. The BBQ pizza appetizer was great, as was the macaroni and cheese. The citrus chicken was good, nothing special. The service was very, very slow.
not worth the trip.  Food is average and overpriced
Wow the almond croissant!!!\nCane back on Sunday to get some to go and they were closed.  Next time I will not be that eager and I will Yelp the closing times!!!
This place has TWO Yelp pages.  Be sure to check out the other one that isn't filtering out the bad ratings!!!
Pie is good but the food was cold and stale. It tasted like it was a day old, surprising since we waited over 45 mins for it to come out. Lots of Madison residents have suggested this restaurant but it is over rated.
Overcharged on drinks, horrible service, and the server took it upon herself to add on a tip. I should call management.. Stay away from Amanda.
loved the pastries but minus 2 stars for the service, crowds, and price.  great place to stop by for a little treat.
Went on a night that they had a live band on the patio.....was a nice atmosphere. Drinks were good but food was just okay. May go back if other places are too busy.
the food is ok, but the wine and staff were good.  Decor is good as well.  Not wow'ed by the place but good for a nice glass of wine and maybe...MAYBE and appetizer.  Lots of restaurants next door to then do your dining in.
Just one word of advice. \nMake sure your trunk is EMPTY and contains ZERO valuables before you drive your car into Lindstrom's. \nLocking it won't be enough.\nI'm just sayin.
Best Indian food every love the coconut curry and the samosas are the best! I cant wait to go back.
Enjoyed there veggie panini. We had it on brown bread with and without mayo (I liked with, she liked it without).\nGood friendly people. Good for breakfast.
Well, it's about what I expected... \n\nStaff was friendly, room was clean. However, nearby Van Buren St is quite loud and if you're a soft sleeper, I cannot really recommend it.
Good food but extremely slow service. Also the whole \" drinks only waiter\" routine is quite annoying.
I love their cranberry, apple & grilled chicken salad. The lettuce is fresh and the blue cheese does not taste cheap. The restaurant itself is clean and well furnished.
The pedicure was great. They give great foot massages. The lady who did my nails was rushing for some reason and didn't put  a second layer polish on my nails. So if I hold my nails up to light you can see through the polish.
There is nothing better, a fabulous view from the wrap around terrace down onto the strip. Very quiet, we left the doors to the balcony open all night. Definitely very expensive for the room service, but thats to be expected? Absolutely. Love this place, will not stay anywhere else. Five starsss
Great food especially the chicken skewers with the lemon garlic sauce and the cornbread. There is live music on the weekends. Also, free kids meals on Sundays and Tuesdays.
old hard fries. stale bread on cheesburgers.  will never be back to this location.
This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Montreal. Delicious subtle broth, great spring and fried rolls, cheap, good fast service. Highly recommended if you're in the area and want a quick, delicious meal.
Bloody good pub! Order the cottage pie. The live music is the reason to go. The food, pints and friendly service is the reason to return. :)
This place rocks.  Great vino, great food, great atmosphere.  If you're looking to impress a date with something more than a bar happy hour, this is the place.
Well I got here early and found a close parking space. And was in and out and the staff was helpful from when I first entered. But its still a typical government agency.
Family ordered banana pancakes as well as a scramble. Both were spot on, with the pancakes being the star. The iced coffee was pure money. Ordered a chocolate coconut oatmeal cookie to go, which was nice and fresh.   Good service, attentive staff.
Nice and quiet place for coffee. They have outdoor seat too. Latte tastes smooth.
Went for a Yogurt today.  This place is out of business.  Everything in the store is gone :-(
Patty is amazing! Food is amazing! I'm always about customer service and she is always smiling!
The food was surprisingly fresh tasting and the service was impeccable.  The prices were a little high for what you get but all in all a great experience we will be back for sure.
I seek out a Barnes and Noble every year for my new pocket calendar and this one didn't fail me! I bought it just after the new year so I scored with 50% off. \nI do wish there were more locations around though because this one was QUITE out of the way!
Worst airline ever!
exclusive supplier of all my 40's.
The bread was exteaordinary! I had Salmon and was ok.
Best imitation Mexican food in AZ the spinach con queso and the baja chicken chimi are my favorites. Although I'm about 75% sure they gave me food poisoning awhile back.
Thought I would go back in one more time.  Nothing changed.  Still same service.  Last time.  Their portions have gotten much smaller but prices have stayed the same.  They changed their layout inside as far as tables so its even more cramped.  Not good for parties of 5 or more.
Friendly staff and good selection of beverages and food. Just a good little place to chill out.
Will not recommend this place to any of my family and friends living in Tolleson. The food was not good at all. Service was bad, she never came back to refill my coffee cup, which was the only thing I enjoyed.
If you like steak you need to go to Texas De Brazil. Its a non stop of delicious meats. My favorite was the beef rib and the filet mignon wrapped in bacon. The salad bar is very good also. Check this place out, your gonna love the endless amount of meats.
Ordered drip irrigation tablets and was told they would complete dissolve but after 1hr of running the system it was still in there had to flush the system to get the rest out before it clogged the drip system.  I only got 1 short reply to 4 emails and a phone call. Would not recommend.
Not a place for authentic Mexican food but if you are looking for gringo southwest food where you can take lightweights from the east coast to it is ok.  I do like their salsa. Lots of flavor but not very spicy. The guacamole is a overpriced rip off. It is what it is.
Service is stellar, friendly and fun.  Cooks send food out great tasty like homemade yumminess.  Elderly people walking up with cane/walkers, watched young hostess waiting at door to open it wide to let them in.  Love this wonderful Family owned restaurant!!!!
Good but too much pork. Really limiting.
The good is that when I was there \"Mark\" from the show/museum was there signing autographs for free.\n\nThe bad, 1/2 of the store is a gift shop and you have to stand in line just to get inside.
BLAND!!! No flavor in anything. Don't waste the walk from your car inside. I've had better Mexican at Taco Bell. The best part of the meal was my diet soda. After our plates were cleared it took over 20 mins for the waiter to bring our check. Not recommend AT ALL!
I really enjoy the Sunday brunch. The omelets are very good and the scalloped potatoes are addicting. $3 bloody Mary's are fresh and have plenty of punch. I go for the mushroom bar during the week when I want a quick meal that is different and of high quality. Try it!
Service is shaky but the food is always great! It's hard to find a restaraunt that takes nutrition into consideration when creating a menu and Pita Jungle does just that.
So, the silver dollar is absolutely amazing. I know, it is a complete dive bar, and there is nothing particularly great about it, but for some reason its still my favorite place to end up. I dont think they have ever checked an id in history either which is rare for madison
Pretty cool sports bar with great TV coverage, had a party of 12 so did apps and hordevres. Drinks were good but a little pricey and need better selection on whiskey.
I don't have a big review for this place cause I only stopped in for a couple drinks one night after a suns game, but the atmosphere definitely made me want to return for a meal.
I love this place.  It's A LOT more than just scrubs.
I added one star because I only gave it two stars solely on the 2nd experience my friend's and I had there. Thanks to the owner for a nice respectful response and the manager was pretty friendly here. The establishment is wonderful, plenty of choices of beer, a full bar as well as many many selections on the menu!
Fantastic food drinks atmosphere !!!
Wait staff was not super attentive... Took 20 or so minutes to put in our order.  We ordered the special Turkey dinner finding the white meat to be a little over salted. Positive parts were the French Onion soup and wine selection were both great.
Of you are handicapped stay away. There is no access at all after they changed parking.
It seems like Hogs Heaven does not care about getting any business at all.  First they closed for at least three months last fall and then they're supposedly open again.  I was actually raving about this place and wanted to eat lunch with my girlfriend only to see that they're closed...again!  What gives?!
Read my tip below. They don't even deserve the one star! They will cause you aneurisms and other health problems due to high stress. Don't even go yo their parking lot.
Well the burger tasted just like a BigMac and they just had one server for about 100 guests so the service was very slow even though 3 guys (i guess securities or managers walked around several times) Poor girl. Better spend your money at In-N-Out
Do yourself a favor and hit up this gym! The coaches, workouts and overall community are the best in the city. You'll thank me later!
Eating here now this place is great super health love it the man salad is the way to go they are not open late but a great lunch and breakfast place
Not happy! A broken car! Do not let them do any work on ur car other than tire change you will end up in debt and with a broken car on top of that! Do not apply for the credit card either its a trick to charge you more money after they screw up on ur car!
A must during your LV visit.  Great view, great food, great service.  As the place rotates, you will sometimes see someone bunjee jumping and passing the window!
I really enjoyed the trivia night here the crowd seemed pretty heavily Yelp but the bar staff was great. The Guinness was well poured and had I been in the drinking mood they were ready to ply me with shots after the crew left. Why does being good have to be so hard?
Bought the half-price groupon for this place.  Except their prices are nearly double a normal store price.  Not really a deal, and poor selection.
I ordered the crab and lobster salad to start off with, petite filet, medium rare, mac and cheese and bacon brussel sprouts. The waiter recommended an excellent malbec to pair with my steak. They had tasteful old songs playing in the restaurant. Everything was perfectly delicious.
Try the unfiltered beer for sure. The food was very good. Very friendly folks. Nice when traveling to Germany . Be sure to drop in.
Great atmosphere and great food and specials.. service is a little horrible at times but the owners are great!
The only reason to go here was the excellent low-calorie desserts. It turns out they lied about the calorie content and they are actually high-calorie excellent desserts. \n\nCheck the stories in the newspaper for more info. I will never go here again.
Yummy, soft and fresh donughnuts. Loads of varieties and softer than those available at dunkin
please change your hours on your yelp page they do not match the hours posted on the front door...
I got a buywithme.com  gift for this spa as a  birthday gift  this year. I have left two messages and not a call back and it has been 1.5 weeks.  I do not recommend  going to this place as they are not professional.
This is a comic book store.  Great people who are very knowledgeable about past, present, and near future comics.  Always helpful and willing to find what you want.
One of my favorite places in Vegas. Great selection of healthy food choices for all three meals. Highly recommend this spot!
Nicole is the most unorganized dispatcher I've ever worked with. The cab was an hour late and the driver drove in circles to rack up a bigger ticket. Wouldn't recommend these guys to anyone.
New chipotle opened in university area.. Its very close to my house just 2 min drive.. But very long lines... I have been here 4 times during different timings but i had to wait for 15 min.. Service is not satisfactory when compared to other chipotle in other locations. .. Its very noisy
As a recent mover to LV very happy Robertos is here too, just like San Diego. Breakfast burrito was great as expected. A little pricier than San Diego, but same good food!!
Came from Vegas, and really enjoyed the BBQ! The tomato vinegar based sauce was something different, but me and my son loved it! Hush puppies were awesome, and rubs were nice and meaty! I love supporting businesses like this, and appreciate the non-corporate uniqueness about this place. Sweet tea was great too!
Pizza is excellent, pasta is mediocre
Food is good. Service is odd. This place is way overstaffed but service is hard to come by.
We went and had the pho. While it was good, there are just others that are better.
Service was terrible.  Food was late. 2 stars for the food being delish but that's it.
Great food, unassuming storefront, clear hd tv, good beer selection, clean, nice staff.  A gem in the valley.  Comfortable for dining in or take out. Also, good old school milkshakes. Burger and bottle for $6. Happy hour. Yum!
It's okay.  Sorry I grew up on San Francisco's Chinese food.  I rather go to Orchid Gardens on Sahara!
I used to think it was better than it actually is.  However, you will not find better quality Mediterranean food in the immediate area.  And by immediate, I mean within 2 square miles.
Can not get a hold of them on the phone...ever!   1 hour and no answer.   Same number that is on the tag/license??? What is the point, they don't answer the phone.
Amazing! Portions are just right for each entree, they were all delicious, service was friendly, atmosphere was good. I ate so much food that I barely remember what I ate, but the most memorable one I ate were the Chocolate Covered Strawberries!
I really like this club great music and DJ's good mixed crowd.  Door staff has always been friendly to me, however I do work in the industry.  Mahi on Thursday great cover live band.
I've been taking all of my families 4 vehicles to Jeff for years now.  Great service,  no bs and fair pricing. If you're looking for someone to trust in working on your vehicles,  this is the place to go.
Too pricey for the quality.
My first and last visit. Beer selection marginal. Shepard's pie was obviously frozen and microwaved. Center was cold and greasy
I was not expecting great sushi from a location that was formerly a Village Inn.   Fortunately the VI is long gone and the sushi was very good.    \n\nIts better than most of the other sushi places around and not too hard on the wallet.
First time at trivia night and our little team claimed victory so my overall impression of this Majerle's is very positive.   Food is standard bar fare, but the service was good with friendly and attentive servers.  I will be back...
We love the plum sakatini. So yummy. Their rolls never disappoint me. Our order gets to us in a timely manner and we the service is usually great.
Really love this place.  A favorite in the Centennial Hills area.
The food was amazing, I loved the prickly pear lemonade and Margarita. My husband and I sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful surroundings. Our server was amazing. She recommended all of our dishes and each one was superb.
Al-Taib have four locations within a block of Concordia's downtown campus, and this is pound-for-pound the best on of the lot. Excellent, flavourful pies for next to nothing. Perfect for grabbing a bite to each during your class break.
Nice place to kill some time with the kiddos.  Lots to do and see, food available throughout.
Great chicken wings - they tried but didn't survive. Now Closed.
Been here a few of times for lunch.  The lunch specials are a good deal.  I agree with Jenn E., the food is not the best Mexican food around but it pretty good.  \n\nI also get the chicken chimi...
I have been eating since 1984 and i have always loved this place. This place has slipped to posibly the worst restaurant in Vegas. Atmosphere is great service is great however the food is absolutely horribly. Took my whole family here for dinner tonight and now they are all mad at me.
A new favorite!!! Delicious! Fresh & full of variety. Especially enjoyed the raw tacos & vegan pizza. Pricey but its all organic and a better serving size than some other gourmet joints.
NEVER AGAIN!  I'm thinking BANQUET microwave meals.  Nice service though!  Good atmosphere.  I just don't know what Arizonians are thinking other than the beer is cold!
This may be the worst Mexican food I have ever tasted... I was starving and couldn't even finish it.  I got the sampler so I tasted everything, nothing was good:( so sad because they were nice.
Food itself is still great, but these new owners don't understand the importance of Cholula. We came here a few weeks ago and they were out of Cholula and only had Tobasco (yuck), now they are out of both. C'mon, get it together!  The Tempe location always has plenty.
I thoroughly enjoyed Jessica's food tour in Phoenix. Great way to explore the downtown Phoenix area, learn about its history and landmarks, and eat some great food. Recommend to out of towners or locals looking to explore their own city.
They had me at NUTELLA LATTE! You just don't get much better than that. Unique drinks, great atmosphere, a table for your laptops, etc... this is a great place. \n\nMy only issue is that I don't get to hang out there more often!
Great salads!
To keep it short go for the crepes! I can't believe how good their crepes are!! Be patient though because there's only one worker making the dessert! Now stay away from the chocolate dipped stuff. It looks good but they use cheap chocolate. Overall I'd go back!!
I have seen some pretty great shows at the old venue and I loved it there. The new location isn't the same though and that is a bummer
not bad, but not even close to the mouth watering goodness we had in London :( And I mean fish n chips! Its pricey, although most fish n chips places are, and this is in an upscale neighborhood. I am yet to find a good f n c place in town.
Great Pizza makes me feel like i am back home in NY. This is the only pizza that I will eat. Everyone is very friendly and makes you feel like you are a home.
I love this place me and my mom go every other week for football and it is always packed with Seahawks fans and the severs are great they remember our orders and every thing I tell any seahawks fan about this place.\n\nGo Hawks!!!
Clean place , service is okay just the food comes out to slow and sometimes chefs take off early so you can't get certain dishes on the menu !! Was kind of disappointed
Love this place! I have been going here for years. I have perfected the \"smash\".  They have lots of new options. Everything is always fresh and tastey.  The lines go very quickly and the management and staff are always so pleasant.
This is my first time here. The customer service is top notch. They even had live music. Being a Thursday afternoon, I really didn't expect that. The sandwiches are good. Nothing that blows me away but not bad either. If you tired of subway or any other big chain sub shop, try these guys out.
My husband and I walked by last night and saw a letter on the door... another Mill Avenue establishment bites the dust. That didn't take long.
The cashier here is very mean especially a lady named Letticia!
Awesome and definitely my new favorite place. The only problem is it is on the wrong side of town.
Not a bad place,.i suppose. I had the turkey and dressing and it was quite tasty, but I didn't like the presentation. The spinach was a bit under cooked for my liking.
Love this place. Come often because the service amazing. Even when they're busy or understaffed they try to take care of everyone. The happy hour of awesome and 5 dollar byob until 10. Always a good experience!
by far the BEST chocolate ganache and red velvet cupcake i've ever had!  The cupcakes were moist and the icing wasn't tooooo sweet, a perfect combination.  The decoration is ultra cute... this place may be the only reason i would stay at the Palazzo again lol
The ph\u00f2 is so good! The decor and feel of the restaurant was nice too. Servers were friendly. It was a nice experience for my first time here :)
One of the better shao long bao in the states.  The onion pancakes and pan fried pork buns are done perfect.  The beef noodle soup was good.   Nice little gem in Pittsburgh
Emailed Valle Luna and the owner responded with the results of an in-depth inquiry into what happened at the restaurant. Sounds like an owner who really cares about her business. Very pleased with this response and happy to continue to frequent one of our favorite Mexican food restaurants!
The OMG cookie and Banana Hazelnut Crepe were amazing! Coming here every time for my sweet tooth fix in Vegas
All excited about the tostadas. When I received them they were ice cold. The only reason for the three stars was the service was super friendly.
I love this place. Beautiful view of the city during the day and at night.
Celestia has amazing talent and is wonderful to work with. I have used Two Heads several times and always send my friends to them.  Whether it is a wedding, birthday or corporate event, everyone loves to have their caricature done.
I don't know why this place opened a second restaurant when the first one is horrible. Food is so bland I had to bring my own jalape\u00f1os just to spice it up.
Worth doing once for $32 ($5 off coupon) at night and $10 less daytime. Worth it the second time for free. This thing is an engineering marvel. Such a compact footprint. Disney would be proud. Skip the pictures and gift shop.
I always have a good meal here and it's very well priced with an interesting menu. My only thing is that it's tough with all the different items on the wall. It would be easier if all the dishes on the walls were on a menu. Seafood is always fresh and they have Japanese comfort fare too like udon.
Oh, TJ's. I dream about your biscuits and gravy!
You may have to wait a few minutes for your juice and/or acai bowl. However, the wait is well worth it!
Horrible place!!!!  Lost $100 in the machines in 5 minutes.  Also, the rooms are Motel 6'ish.  Stay way!!!
$15 general admission to a small gallery. \nSelect few good pieces but not really worth the price.
I spent way too long here today to figure what I needed to get for goodie bags. Not that it was a bad thing I just couldn't decide they had so much to choose from.\nThey have good stuff for a $1 compared to the $.99 store.
Great food! Waiter was awesome great view of the fountains if you sit outside.
My iphone was dead and I thought it needed a new battery. The associate showed me how to reset the phone and did not even charge me! Also they will replace my husbands cracked iphone screen for $70. \n\nI will definitely recommend them to others!
This place was alright. The portion size was pretty good. There wasn't that much cheese on the pizza. The crust was pretty decent. Something to get fast when you are drunk.
Definitely the coolest looking hotel! I love the decor but the bars and casino were not as fun as other places on the strip!
FYI - We went to the restaurant today 4/26/11 but they are no longer there. We called the phone number but it's no longer in service.
Loved this store! I love all MK outlet stores in general but the selection was pretty enormous here compared to others and they had tons of staff to cater to your every need. Not to mention security guards to help you feel safe *cough cough*
Fast bbq. Free ice cream. What else do I need to say. The price is good for what you get. it may not be a stake house but it's better then fast-food.
Drinks selection and service were good but the food left much to be desired. My pizza was more dough than cheese and toppings.
Hummus trio is awesome.  The servers have been slow in the past, and don't come back often enough to make sure you don't need anything else.  I love the openness of this location.  Their grilled chicken with garlic sauce pita/lavoshes, are so good.
Manager at this location is horrible. She would not allow us to break a $20.00 bill after our entire meal was paid by credit card. Nothing but attitude from this woman at lunch time. Sorry Carol. I'll pay you back when I can break my bill.
I like this one much better than the one on Serene. The isles are much bigger, I didn't bump into anyone once!
Michael's has good custard however the customer service is extremely lacking (at the Whitney Way store anyway). I had such a bad experience that I will never go back.  And, since this is Madison with other great custard choices (like Culver's), I know I won't be missing anything.
Got there 10 minutes before they closed. They all just look at me and walk away. Worse service ever.
Amazingly wonderful!   A must enjoy!
Not really impressed. Paid 14.75 for two plain yogurts split flavored with no toppings. Which was mediocre at best.  They price the yogurt with a scale. I'll stick to ice cream :P. You are pretty much paying for the atmosphere here.
Been coming in for breakfast and lunch multiple time a month (be sure to pick up their customer appreciation cards, buy 8 get 1 free) for breakfast and lunch. The freshly baked bread is awesome and the menu is solid. Gotta give it a five and go back tomorrow.
My brother and his wife were in town and after having dinner at Culinary Dropout we wandered about the complex.  We did not notice any foul odors and had a pleasant walk off of our dinners.
Best place to eat in Vegas. Whenever we visit Vegas the first place we go to is the Four Kegs. Great food. Neighborhood is getting a little rough but they have the best Stromboli I ever ate. Bartenders are hardworking and friendly.
Best french toast we've had here in valley, love the pancakes as well.   Awesome spot for breakfast
Best pizza ever.  Hands down. Order the stuffed pizza. I thought it was better than Giordanos and Gino's East in Chicago.
I've been coming here since it opened and I always leave happy. I wish this place was here when I was in high school! They are so fast. My waitress, is always the same lady and she is so funny. I always catch her making her own lyrics to the music in the restaurant. Ha hs. They are awesome here!
The grilled burger was soooo good! Beautiful restaurant and surprisingly good prices ! They have a kids menu which was great since we had our six year old. Daughter with us ! Excellent staff  and drinks !
Well I was happy to eat amala ati egusi iyan naa fele dada aaa ,matin pada laipeee
The food and service is amazing great authentic mechladas. The red chile is amazing and so is the chips and salsa. Beware salsa is so good yet so hot. Its painfully good. Yum yum yum
Everything we imagined and more. What a homey place to eat and chat and feel at home while away from the massive snow storm 2009 in DC.
Really enjoyed our meal here. Tried the Banh Mi and it was super tasty. Value was amazing as well. Vietnamese iced coffee was to die for.
I am not a beer drinker but actually found one that i enjoy here. My husband loves this place and the great selection. Great, friendly owner! Def. will continue coming back!
Just had fish and chips, some of the worst ever. The batter was solid with very little fish inside. The chips had obviously been cooked ages ago and were  rubbish. A complete waste of money and would never go back
I am torn now, because I LOVE Qdoba, but the Pork here is unreal and the drink bar is great! One more in love visit and they will get 5 stars and replace Qdoba.
Overall, I'd say not the best dumplings in Chinatown, not even the best dumplings on the street.  Maybe it's a personal preference thing, but I don't like that the dumplings drip soup/water.
Just your typical, untrained, understaffed, Walgreen. Just went there to pickup a couple of things. Had to asked three employees if they had it. then it took almost twenty minutes to check out. At least they had what I was looking for!
terrible, uneducated, dishonest.....a complete waste of time!!! dont do it!!!
A more honest, clean, professional car repair place you will never find!  Don't be fooled by the name.  It is a FULL SERVICE car repair shop.  I live in Green Valley and the short drive to Henderson is well worth it!  Thank you Jerry & Dave and the whole team for relieving my automotive stress!
The manager of this store thinks he's too cool.  It's obvious he hates himself.  Don't go there if you have any respect for yourself.
Took my wife for her birthday and practically drained our savings account to fill up on food. I will say this: though its expensive, it's some of the freshest fish in the valley!
Great Lunch spot!!  Not too crowded, tables are far enough away to have a conversation.  My guest had a flat bread pizza and said it was fabulous, I had the tonno salad which was very enloyable.  Service was excellent, fair prices, food was fresh, I'll be going back soon.
They got that Chicken! It's like I'm sayin. Mash Potatoes! Biscuits, check! Gravy for that donkey! Correct Change? Nope!
Texas Roadhouse should make every native Arizonan absolutely sick to their stomach...  The steak is anything but good, and they actually have a mounted saddle that unsuspecting patrons have to sit on and yell \"yeeha!\".  What a joke.  \nI'm never stepping foot in a Texas Roadhouse again!!
The sydney salad...tuna salad, was very blasse.....open a can of tuna and dump it on top...I can do that at home...had to wait 20 minutes for it as well...
Go for the beer, they have a good selection. The food was mediocre. I ordered a sandwich, and was expecting a salad, or fries as a side, but was instead given lays potato chips. For $10, I'd expect something a little more than chips.
Really great place. Def try the salt air margarita, individual street tacos, 20 veg fried rice, tuna cerviche and mango sticky rice for the finale!  This is good for a group so you can having a tasting!  There are many more great dishes but theses were my highlights!
I don't know how authentic the food is as \"Thai\" but I've eaten here about 8 times - and it is always great.  So crowded at lunch you have a hard time getting a seat, but usually low key at dinner.  Very fresh tasting, variable heat, lots of tofu dishes.
Couldn't book an overlapping week a year in advance. I was told I would need to call back at MN every night to advance my reservation by one day. Thanks Marriott, you made booking my reservation to The Hyatt Place a lot easier!
I don't why people are so hype about this place. maybe because the hot weather makes me not feel good when I eat this.
It used to be great, but they've been skimping on portions and the quality of rice they use is subpar at best.   Hopefully they will change that because this was our spot to eat whenever we go to Vegas.
Beautiful assortment of Asian foods and items. The prices are very reasonable. The Chinese take-out inside ain't too bad either. This is where I go when I need some Asian items.
All I have ever sampled here is the croissants and they are a buttery delight and butter is not cheap and neither are the croissants but well worth the treat. Enjoy
My boyfriend and I love this place! Great mojitos and be ready to eat! Great lighting. Lots of room.
Who doesn't like Chipotle? I get the bowl and have them put everything on it (minus guac, I'm cheap).\n\nYum. Nom nom nom nom...
Have only tried Happy Bellies delivery service once, but so far, so good! Everything worked as planned; I called, I ordered food from a friendly, efficient and knowledgable operator, and the food was delivered to me in about an hour. \n\nQuality and variety of restaurant offerings rival those of Wheel Deliver.
I always enjoy staying here.  Rooms are nice, good sized and very comfortable.  If I had one piece of advice it would be to dump the damn resort fee, I hate bate and switch marketing tactics!!
The next morning after my facial my daughter caressed my check and  said,\" mommy your skin feels so soft.\" That was the best birthday gift . I really love facials now thx to Summer!
I've been going to Lori for my brows for almost 2 years! What a miracle worker she is. I will never let anyone else near my eyebrows. I've been to Sean for my hair twice and was very please with the results. Plus, he's a blast! I highly recommend Raw Image for all of your beauty needs!
Great happy hour scene and food selection. Honesty i would say the seafood is generally avg given pricing, but the meat dishes are really quality and worth your time and $$&
What a shame the groupon was the only reason I give it a star to begin with.  The meal cost us nothing but the food was worth nothing to begin with. \n\nThere was no flavor to the sushi and the service was poor.
Worst experience again ...... The cook had no gloves.... Waited half an hour before my food came out. Too bad normally the food is good\"\" Service sucks\"
I stayed at the Hampton Inn next door. I called and ordered delivery on a salad and a drink. \n\nThey were prompt and friendly . The chicken was steaming hot and the salad was prepared exactly how I wanted it.\n\nthey came right to my door within 15 min with the food.
This is a good place to do a lot of laundry in a short amount of time. It is probably five stars during the slowest hours. I wouldn't recommend coming on the weekends.  The laundry carts are hard to get and parking can be limited. They do have change machines that work well.
Great lobby with digital book cases and iPad signature system. The rooms are great with luxurious furniture and bedding. If you forget your toothbrush just call the front desk! They will deliver everything you need!
i love this shop.  i go for the marker pens, screen ink, sketchbooks, brushes...general awesomeness.  if you buy \"art supplies\" and you haven't been to wet paint, you're livin' wrong my friend.
Love the customer service love the fresh food cooked right in front of you just the best. If you're looking for the best stir fry this is the place to be
Kool comics n toys
I like this place! Been coming here for years. Chefs are fun and servers are friendly.  Good food and great price.  Try it.
I had the farm burger and my wife had the American burger and truffle fries. Neither of us cared for the fries and the burgers were just ok. We actually preferred FatBurger, maybe cuz we just like normal burgers. Service was very good though.
This place is now called \"Yes Cafe\". Named changes recently but same friendly owners!!
There is nothing special about this place!
Clearly comfortable with their location.  The presentation was 3 stars, the food was 2 stars, the price was 6 stars.  The soup was weak and for $15 a bowl...you have to at least get that right.  I would not recommend this restaurant.
Any trip to PF Chang's should be under protest. The hot and sour soup was just a bowl of saltwater, the seared tuna salad was as unimpressive as it was unoriginal. I was kind of hoping that I'd finally have an experience there that didn't suck; nope.
Good food, decent service. The food is really tasty, the price good, the atmosphere is kinda low rent. Not a \"first date\" place to go, but good thai food. I go here about twice a month.
This was the worst customer service I've EVER experienced!!! The ladies at the gate were VERY rude and not helpful at all when I had to check my bag. Then we boarded and sat on the plane for an hour waiting for take off with no offers for beverages, etc.
Very cool looking building. Glad to call it my local library!
Owner is a profit driven douchebag hey nothing wrong with hustling but he hustles in a rude thoughtless way..asked him to start carrying \" sage\" incents every time I go in and he refuses to even acknowledge the request..
Be careful at cash register.  I bought items which were clearly marked $12.99 and when I checked the receipt at home I was charged $16.99.  NOT COOL.
good pizza but only giving 3 stars because they would only accept this check in offer one per table when they should do it per person checking in.
So since my last review the park has rules and signs, and drinking bowls (they're chained to the goddamn fence people you can't steal them). No more bringing those cheaply made bowls from Rite Aid that get looted after you forget to take them with you.
Beautiful hotel and super cool water show!
This one is cheapest in whole state of NV.
I could give you a rundown of this whole menu item by item and tell you where to get a better version of it somewhere else in Vegas AND at a better price.  LBS at Red Rock blows this place away in every way possible.  $5 for fries??  Give me a break.
Ghetto! The crowd is rough. Bump any one of these jack asses in a crowded club and they get bent out of shape. NEWSFLASH: clubs get crowded retards, if you do not want any physical contact - stay the F*CK home!!!!!
The best barbecue in town...hands down!!!!! The rub on these ribs mixed with the tang & sweetness of the sauce is a match made in heaven! I stumbled upon this place with my coworkers and was completely blown away with how great it was! I now go at least once a week for lunch.
Good Irish cream latte though I will say I have been to this location twice and neither time were they friendly.  So watch out for the chill in the air.  The seating outside is beautiful with the water fountain right in front of it.  I have yet to try their food but the location is south park is much better!
I used AAA Painters to paint the exterior of my home recently.  David and his crew did a great job.  Their prep work was impressive.  They even fixed a number of drywall cracks we had before priming and painting.  They finished earlier than expected and I am completely satisfied with the workmanship.
Dude.
Best dentist and staff ever!! Customer service is amazing... I will never go anywhere else!
The best place in Vegas with the most beautiful view of the Bellagio. Food was great, service was excellent. The bread is too die for...all in all one of the best places on The Strip.
Average burger joint. Good value in a cheeseburger/fries and drink. Pastrami is decent but a little too greasy for me.
I live around the corner and order delivery on the regular.  Really tasty pad thai and very convenient.  I recommend.
Their spicy Bloody Mary is simply amazing. My fianc\u00e9 got the prickly pear margarita and that was good too! \n\nTheir house made guacamole and chips was really tastey. \n\nService was O.K. Fair prices.
They taste sooooo GOOOOOOOOOODDDDD!!!!\n\nI wish there was one in every major city. Maybe then it won't be as expensive but who knows!
First time I had I fell in love !! Great good and great prices !! You really can't beat it!
Really fun place to bring kids, the ice cream is pretty good too.  The only downside is sometimes there is a long line and it takes forever.
Ok food and only interesting crowd. They serve Tito's Vodaka so that worked.
Very sub par. Took an hour and ten minutes between the first ordered appetizers to the main course. The crab legs were insanely over cooked and discolored. And the porter had a weird metallic flavor to the meat either from the cast iron pan or just from searing the bone for too long. Not a happy camper.
We are from Santa Barbara visiting our son who attends McGill University.  We did not know about this resturant and just wondered in.  What a wonderfull surprise!   This resturant has fantastic cusine, great service, and ambience!!  at a very reasonable price!  We will definetely go back every time we are in Montreal!
Great specials averaging around $7.  The portions are extra large.  Large seating area.  This is your typical quick Japanese style stir fry.  Teriyaki and Hibachi stuff!   One thing that sucks - No egg rolls!  WTF?
This place has the best crab puffs around. They are stuffed and good price. The customer service was great. They were very respectful and helpful. The food was delicious. I loved the portions they served. I would highly recommend this place.
Excellent service and food quality plus taste! Got the chocolate banana crepe which was delicious and not too sweet. The salmon fume was fresh and the sides were of equal caliber.
Happy hour is m-f, 4-6.\n$3 cocktails.\n$4 specialty drinks.\n$5 appetizers.
Great place, not as crowded as their other locations, neighborhood gem !
I love Capriotti's and I love that they are at the courthouse. Even though you're at the courthouse you still get the same great service and the same great food.
Deep fried mars bar that was surprisingly good. As if someone had intentionally crafted it from culinary skill, not as a novelty.
Best breakfast burritos.  I had about given up on this, because of the clueless and tasteless offerings from other restaurants.  Best coffee.\n\nSometimes they will lose track of your order, but this is easily fixed, and I will keep coming back.
The yummiest Indian Food i have ever tried in the Town .. Specially try their Indo Chinese dishes.. Great food, Nice restaurant and awesome hospitality.. Not like other typical Indian Restaurant in the town..
3 1/2 Stars***Decent entree. Had the lamb with spinach and rice. Really enjoyed it. The hummus was bland though. Service was better than expected. I ordered an extra rice to go, and was not charged. Nor was i charged for my club soda. \n\nWill return.
Stopped by this morning for a turkey and swiss on a sunflower bagel. I was terribly disappointed on the bagel being hard as a rock. Threw out the sandwhich. Don't think I will be back anytime in the near future
Sat inside the dining room for lunch, open sliding doors, amazing experience.  Had some sides and turkey sandwich. Nothing to rave about but the afternoon experience was worth it.
A nice new Sally location near my home. It's tiny like all of the rest but because it's new it  feels larger and not so dusty like some of the other locations that I have shopped.
completely sucks.  I hate this location and anyone who has ever worked here.
Came here because of triple D again and the food was pretty good. Nothing spectacular. The fried zuccini's are really good though. \nIf you're following the triple D spots, this isn't one you have to go out of your way to try...
If you like puke, and freshmen, and freshmen puking, come here. The only time I'm ever here is during a bar crawl.
I love QT!  I'm sad because there are none in my local market.\nThis is by far and away the best gas station chain, period...
Great food, great atmosphere. Friendly staff!
Atmosphere is great! The food is even better. The salsa dip to start was amazing and I tried the mushroom tacos. They were amazing! Great staff with great attitudes. I will be back !
The liquor store is amazing.  The best wine selection in Sun Prairie easily. Rock bottom prices too!
Great eatery!!! Nice food, good wine!
Sangria was yummy\n\nfood was meh... service was average.. Not memorable enough to return - especially in a city full of amazing brunch restaurants.
The jerk chicken was very flavorful and delicious but we weren't able to get all the sides that were included with the dish because they stop making certain sides two hours before closing.
Heres the deal its a great neighborhood go to - the pancakes and omelets are the big draw and the french toast is good to. They offer lunch items as well and i dig the shrimp plate :) staff is really on point and friendly and u find everyone from early worker bees to people in jammy attire :)
The ribs are awesome! Fully cooked and delicious, meat fell off the bone! The corn beard was money and best part of meal! This is a real bbq spot! If your in the mood for some really good ribs or bbq stop by and try it! Nice staff and clean place
This Del Taco is only about 5 minutes from where I live that's why we go here. The food is okay, in my opinion nothing special and more 'Americanized' Mexican food. Tables were dirty as well as the bathrooms. Staff was considerate surprisingly with the customers they deal with on a daily basis.
Just ate there recently had egg drop soup four hours later after work my stomach was hurting. I got food poisoning from their egg drop soup. Needless to say it was the worse food poisoning ever. Do not eat their soups. I spent a whole 24-48 hours vomiting and in the bathroom.
Good tunes, but I had coupons for free beer from both Yelp and Foursquare, and they gave me the run around on them. Never got my free beer.
Weird atmosphere, delicious food, smoking next to the slot machines, couldn't ask for anything more. I make it a point to stop by whenever I'm in Vegas, whether just passing through or staying a night.
So good! Moist and homemade tasting. We got the double chocolate and brownie cupcakes. Will definitely be back! There are tables to sit at inside and a small park a few stores down with outside seating. The area is super cute with stores and restaurants as well.
The wife wanted to try this place, so I obliged. She got the shrimp tacos and I ended up getting some type of fish tacos. I wasn't overly impressed and neither was she. Just o.k., not great.
Cracked Egg is one of my favorite breakfast spots in Vegas. I will say this, I really enjoy the food but for the most part the servers usually suck. Since I work in the restaurant industry, I usually understand why service might suck one day or whatnot but I've had pretty crappy service there several times.
This hotel is fabulous, great crowd, hot rooms, and not all the typical Vegas Riff Raff.\n\nYou will pay for everything, internet coffee etc, but keep an eye out for specials. We got a $150 resort credit for booking a 3rd night.
I like the fancy walking beer cooler.
Murray was a terrible show. \"Magic\" was very obvious, you could see everything that he was trying to hide. \"Comedy\" was also lacking.\nTiny venue could be great for a small stand up show but DO NOT SEE Murray
Very upscale steakhouse!  The service 5 stars.  The scalloped potatoes with fresh jalapenos 5 stars.  The rib eye with bone in 5 stars. I'm taking heaven people! Oh, THE best warm butter cake.  You might die a little but definitely surface back.  \n\nPerfection.
first time hear and im very impressed clean area i ordered the beef pad thai yummmmmmm
I come here with my son, I call in advance to get in and get out. This is a modern day place, good music and tv. Everyone is very polite. My son 5 yr old doesn't want to go anywhere else's.  I get a straight edge on my head and face and live it. Good location too!
Grade: C-\n\nGood food. Lousy service. WAY OVERPRICED martinis @ $10 each. I thought the bat flying around the dining room was a nice touch. Skip this hole.
very authentic. it won't accept chinese reviews. this review from a chinese!
Service was good but food was tasteless.  Called in advance to ask if they had a bloody mary bar and was told yes.  Upon arrival we were told it was offered only on holidays.  Dissapointed!
Great service, professional, great price, lots of selection, def come back here again! And highly recommend!!!
I'm jumping on the bandwagon here: the squash curry is fabulous. \n\nBrave the Willy Street construction to get there.
This has got to be the best AYCE sushi place hands down; and I can't find one of comparison in Cali maybe except Sudachi in San Fran(no AYCE though).
Loved the atmosphere of this place (mix of coffee house with breakfast place). Loved my scrambled tofu, and my girlfriend's stuffed French toast was incredible (very filling).
Great for drinks.. Not so much food. In fact, the waitress advised against the chocolate cake. I've also bend here before for good and the service was reaallllyyyyy slow. Yikes! But the beer and the cocktail selection are yummy. Also great ambience.
Try the Nutella latte :) Its divine! Love the atmosphere and all of the little yummy treats, too. Great for a date night :)
This Walgreens must do a million a day in sales. It's conveniently located. Prices are marked up but that's Las Vegas. All in all, it's not bad.
bedbugs!!!!\n\nI am covered in bites- the place seemed clean but the bugs were there. I went through this at home and an infestation is a horrible thing to live through
What is so great about this steakhouse?  Yeah it's been around a long time but that's no excuse to overcharge for a steak.  Prices are too high for what you get.  $38 for a fatty12 oz ribeye that came out medium when I ordered medium rare.  Better off going to chain steakhouse.
Yum!  Beer and bread, what more could you ask for?
Great location...place is new and is nice. The service needs improvement. We waited. About 20 mins before anyone took our order...food is great on the other hand
Was not impressed with the pizza.the Dell was raw very undercooked it was just an OK sauce nothing to rave about.. I come from a long line of pizza makers and i know good pizza when I taste it.. this wasn't close to being good very disappointed
This was a great place. The amber beer was awesome. The service was good & the place was clean & it had a good atmosphere.
Great food. Limited menu, but what they do they do very well. Wanted to eat here for a long time after hearing about it from friends and reading the reviews, I was not disappointed. Great value, and tasty. If you get the adobadas with everything be sure they include the pineapple bits.
Sat outside.  Unique space heaters.  Food was OK, servings plentiful.  Waitstaff pleasant.
Just heard recently this buffet has closed for \"remodeling\" till January 2015.\nSomethings wrong.... ummm that long?, especially in Vegas to do a remodel ?
Heaven on earth and free slice of bread when you walk in! Yum!  Best kept secret in las Vegas! Heaven on earth if your a bread lover!!
This place gets a giant \"MEH\" from me. I live in the area so I've been to this bar a number of times and I always have the same experience. The food is consistently sub-par, the portions are extremely small given the price and the beer is extremely over priced when compared to other bars in the area.
I bought flowers online for a family member in the hospital. This florist called the hospital to verify delivery and delayed for a day because the patient was in ICU. The flowers arrived and were described as \"beautiful\". Thank you.
Why say Thai twice? Who knows, maybe because you have to look twice to believe there is actually a decent Thai restaurant hiding amongst the tiny village of Las Vegas. Good food! No complaints - nor any great superlatives. Reasonable prices for VEGAS. Nice people running the place.
Chipotle is honestly a hit or miss. It's either AMAZING or really crappy. I actually tried a steak burrito bowl tonight for the first time and the steak was like rubber. And the guacamole is usually great but it was straight avocado, no reasoning. So bland.
Great food, clean place, but customer service needs improvement. Lady owner has a very unfriendly and condescending attitude.
Love this place! Shrimp cocktail is great value. A little more expensive than the .99 cocktails, but much larger shrimp and much better cocktail sauce. The pie is also really good. Great service from Joe!! deserves a raise! ha ha. would come back for good service.
Descent food, good service! Popular spot! crowded.
Very bland.  No soul.  Im a healthy eater, but the food here tastes like it slapped together by food preppers not chefs.  Skip it and go to Rachel's or Daily Kitchen...Much better.
Came for breakfast/lunch and good was food. Had the deluxe cheeseburger and salad. Really crisp large side salad and my burger was delicious. Soft Kaiser type bun and with thousand island dressing on it....yum
I love love this place. Everything about it is perfect. The food, the service, and the food...again!!! The veil and spinach ravioli was excellent as is the bruschetta
I recommend the chicken pad thai, tom ka soup and yellow chicken curry.  The food is authentic and the service is ok!
This library was recently bought by the Henderson Library District and renovated, for the better in most ways.  They added a computer lab, which was definitely needed.  They added some couches in the front, and while their collection is a little smaller than LVCCLD's was, I think it fits the building better.
Good buffet for family's. Everyone crying about it but you should know the better buffets are down the strip. \nFast clearing our plates hot fresh food on a Friday. \nBad thing is drinks like oj n apple juice is warm and with ice it gets water down.
Nothing but good things to say about Project Pie. Pizza is delicious, fresh, and reasonably priced. I consider them to be a gem and make it my first stop in Vegas.
Great service from staff but disappointing infrastructure. This hotel has a lot of deferred maintenance: broken roof tiles, frayed couch, new flat screen TV but no pay per view, torn bed skirt, broken elevator, looks sad for a 4 Diamond resort. We won't be back.
Ok buffet.  Nothing to write home about, but good for the points on the players card.  Nothing like a \"free\" meal
Sunny (spelling) is the Man who does my nails. He's skilled, pays attention to shape and detail, and keeps me cracking up. However, I suggest an appointment be made, as a walk in you're liable to have a wait of 45 minutes or more. But they are definitely worth the wait!
Adam is the man\nFirst time he got it right\nHe listens and then cuts it the way you like it\n\nFive star!!!!
Kim and Christine are always great. Was there on Thurs and the male bartender ignored us for 30 minutes. We asked for the check and called him on ignoring us. He told us to take our business elsewhere if we didn't like the service. Will probably not be going back there again.
its aghhhhight. its the best in yur neighborhood, ... but theres better if you get in your car and drive. i give them props. i give them three more years
The largest size that they have on most clothes for men is Large. Apparently, they don't think that big guys can be sexy. I was sad by this, since I do like their clothes. It's not easy being a Big Sexy Filipino.
We originally went in there for hibachi, because it was something we were comfortable eating. Their grill was down so we decided to try some new food and it was AWESOME! Great experience friendly staff!!!
Good lunch - got the black bean burger on whole grain roll, with sweet potato fries. The fries were absolutely awesome, and the \"burger\" was good - a little too spicy for my taste, but good nonetheless. Great, friendly service. Would definitely go again.
The lady who took our order was rude as fuck lol. Okay bye!! Hahhaa pho kim luong it is. Don't go here to eat, they have terrible customer service lmao
RUN - don't walk to another Wells Fargo Branch. I've banked with them for at least 20 years - this is by far the worst in management, customer service, ease of service, etc. I prefer the one further up w. Charleston or Lake Mead - won't stick my head in here, Ack!
The food was not oily which is good. However, it lacks taste. To make matter worse, it was extremely salty. The decor was light and the place was clean. None of the above matters if the food is not good. I will not go back again.
Fantastic salads, vegetable dishes, cocktails and of course pizza.  Very creative, a total foodie-joint.  Was full at 5:30pm on a Thursday.
Mediocre Food\nPathetic Service\n\nDO NOT EAT HERE. SAVE YOUR TIME. 2 STARS
Coffee was on par with other coffee bean locations, but the place is small and there were some kids getting busy in the entry for way too long. \n\nThere's a Dunkin Donuts next door. I'll probably go there in the future.
Not a company to do business with ... From my experience !'
Amazing set, the performers do things that are just mind blowing. I couldn't really follow the entire story, but got the gist of it. The story line isn't why you go anyway. Overall enjoyable experience.
By far the best happy hour in Pittsburgh!  Drinks are 1/2 off!  The food is awesome. My favorites are the fish & tofu tacos, the bean dip, and the fried tofu on Thursday nights!
Incredible food, ribs are great! Service is fantastic, I definitely would recommend this place !!!
Thee best red velvet I have tasted.
Smoked beef is the best. My favorite Mexican restaurant.
Found hair in soup and waiter lied said its something else. Service is bad and unresponsive. Food was not good. Believe me I'm a cook. Im also a well travelled asian. 2 star for decent atmosphere. Good job interior designer.
It's alright.
The food tastes really good, especially the caramel cheese cake and pizza. Careful with the calories though : P
Coffee time again, this place has mini chocolate mousse that is to die for,  small for 0.75$ and good for people with diabetes so you don't have a lot of sweet. Customer service is great I love the girls I work over there and the service is very fast so you have to wait a lot
Ordered a Whopper Combo with Cheese @11:33am, 30 mins later....nothing. So I went up to the counter with my receipt. Seems they were too overwhelmed and lost track of my order. The manager upgraded my order to Large fry instead of a medium.
This place is so needed.  Great prices, quick service and large portions.  Biscuits and gravy for $3.75 and a special 2 egg, 2 bacon and 2 pancakes for $2.95.  Hell yes.
It's a fine hotel but the Mardi Gras aesthetic is just kinda dumpy. It is a great place to go to the movies though since it's off the strip. It's not really walking distance from Las Vegas Blvd, but it IS walking distance from a great sex shop!
Loved it, had a great time!\n\nThe ambiance and the belly dancing were wonderful.\n\nThe food was great too. \n\nDefinitely a fun place to spend an evening.
I have eaten here several times and food has always been very good, while service was adequate. However, on my most recent visit, my mannish \"waitress\" was brusque, unhelpful, and downright rude. I will not return, despite living only a block away.
Got a bag of many different pastries.  Every single one of them was stale, barely edible.  Super disappointing since a few years ago this place was a solid 4.
Great food and service.  Thanks.
I've always had fun here.  It isn't as big as some of the other club which makes the size a lot more manageable.  Bottle prices are standard Vegas prices but they let our group of 3 guys in with only buying 2 bottles.
I consider myself an expert in green chili chimis and La Canasta has a pretty good one. One the down side- they don't know how to give back correct change.
Service was horrible! Food was decent and there was a nice wine selection. Our server was a mere order taker and was borderline rude. This dinner was a splurge for us and we were left wishing we would have made a different choice. Do yourself a favor and get your order to go!
Wow!  Great food, great service.  Really enjoyed every bite!  Very sophisticated.
Okay, I've given this place several times to redeem itself and every time it was NOT the same. This is sad, back in 2012 this place was great! Not sure what happened at the end of 2013 and all of 2014. \n\nSad.
My favorite Sprouts in town. Best prices on organic produce, a generous selection of nitrate-free meats and a staff that is full of character and always willing to help.
Terrible service and terrible nachos.. large portion..didn't matter..took a couple no bites and left the rest for the dumpster divers
Service sucked and I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and it was all lettuce just HORRIBLE!!!
What happened? I used to love this place, but I had to throw my carne asada burro out! It tasted like the meat was undercooked. Blecch.
The movie selection is pretty good and the service is always prompt and friendly. In fact, had I not needed to visit the bathroom with my young daughter today I would have gladly given this a 4 or 5 star rating. But the bathroom was absolutely disgusting. Just completely gross and filthy.
Wow good
Great ! Server was great and the food runner he was amazing very friendly DIDNT like the wing app so that's why I took a star off everything else was amazing and the dessert!!
This place is great. The owner is very nice and friendly. The Mediterranean sandwich was amazing and the omelets look fantastic. I will definitely go there again and try their breakfast sandwich.
Best Indian buffet I've had. Ever.
Very disappointed with my experience. Several of us from the suburbs made dinner reservations for 9pm. We were not seated until 10pm. The manager was very rude. Service was horrible!!
Great experience.  Took my 2month old for an intro class to get her started with everything. The staff was nice and our instructor Alex was amazing. Not only was she very positive and patient, she recognized that it was very loud in the pool so she took the time to repeat her instructions. I would absolutely tell my friends to bring their kids.
I've been going to this library since I was 10 years old.  They have expanded and modernized it so much since then!  There is nothing to not like about this library.  I remember as a kid I pretty much read out the entire science fiction section, lol.  I love the setup of it now.
Service was decent.\nFood was meh,\n\nYou're pretty much paying for the atmosphere. \n\nEverything can and should be better but, its not. \nThis is a rather pretentious place.
Today 11/09/2013 I stopped for the first time with my two kids for ice cream. The kids like it they have some sample tests and they loved it. I'll definitely come back here again.
One star is too much for this place! I hated it. We went in the afternoon the waitress was a jerk and the food was like I was swallowing garlic
The food was OK but the service was horrible. They couldn't get our bills right and charged us for items that we didn't order. We won't be eating there again.
Ate here - food was meh but I shouldn't have been expecting much. They have a great selection of Irish and English beers on tap, and live music on a lot of nights. More of a place to drink than to eat.
Inside of the Frys. Had this really elderly lady make my shaken ice tea lemonade... thought she was just taking orders.... nope she really shook the ice tea lemonade like a Maraca.  She got down.
It is cheap, taste great, and all you can eat. What else can you ask for?
It's Olive Garden. \n\nThe location is good though, it's a nice area. This is one of my favorite Olive Gardens to go to.
My husband and I split a farm burger and sweet potato fries and were completely full! The burger was delicious and the fries were really good as well! We even got to see Hell's Kitchen winner, Christina who is the head chef there now! It was very exciting since we are big fans of Ramsey and his shows!
I was so excited to try this place but I have to say I was disappointed. Sandwiches were not very good.   I had an Italian and it was very strange. They heated it, which did not help. Honestly you could get much better at Jimmy Johns or Firehouse.
I only go about once a year when visiting a friend but if I didn't live 887 miles away I would be there a few times a week. The sandwich selection is great- even for vegetarians! The fact that you can grab a single beer out of the cooler yourself to go with your sandwich amazes me.
avoid this place...  their chef should take a cooking class.. very poor quality.. small portions. It's expensive and you don't get the food quality for the price they want you to pay.. AVOID it..
This is place without contact. \nWhy even to go to place without contact in Montreal? \nUnless you don't have money for contact dance & you will look at undressing girls ordered by the other client.
Beers good but the food has shrunk. Had the Ahi Tuna and it was much much smaller then the last time I was Herr. Along with the egg rolls are very disappointingly small portions. Won't be coming back anytime soon except for maybe a beer or two.
This place is very affordable but the food is nothing special. It's relaxed place and is kid friendly. Cash only!!!
Hit and miss. Some dishes were amazing. Others were average. I would go back tho. Great service.
Typical selection of sushi without the Strip restaurant prices. Basic decor but with friendly and very attentive staff. It's a good choice for a casual no frills meal. Quiet atmosphere. I did not have a reservation and don't know if they take them but on a Late Wednesday afternoon I was able to get seated right away.
This place is a joke. There were a few girls dancing who looked like they were high on heroin or meth. The drinks were way too expensive!! I would rather give my money to the homeless then this so called gentlemens club. What a waste.
If u like real sushi - fresh sashimi-  than this place is not for you. My nigiri and sashimi were not fresh and extremely questionable  quite frankly scary. They could not get my order correct either. I wouldnt feed what they served me to my dog. Serious fail.
I had this for lunch earlier today w/ my boss. The food was surprisingly good, and the menu had it in English and Korean Im assuming. So you can eat and learn at the same time!! Bonus!
Took a long time to get two calzones. The food was good though.
Love this place. Great food, drink and service. I highly recommend it. Nan's was able to quickly accommodate a large party for us even though we had no reservations and it was packed. Def try the new filet and chicken dish they just added to the menu!
decent little pop up bbq joint here located on 7th at Fremont. part of the LV downtown project here. they got some pretty good pulled pork sandwich here. it's opened for lunch only. n make sure u find somewhere with shade to sit in!! =]
Bartender on Wednesday night total a$$. 3 times I had to ask what beer they have on tap after he gave me a menu that doesn't list what beer they have and then Gave me an attitude \nmoron should be fired. I will never go there again and will bad mouth to everyone I know
Fish and shrimp tacos here were out of this world, and the blonde bartender ( I'm forgetting her name at the moment ) was EXCELLENT.. so sweet and pretty and funny! My mom and I enjoy visiting often
I stay here when traveling here for work and I have an early flight out, as our office is in Scottsdale.  Very nice hotel for an airport hotel.  Good service, clean and comfy rooms.  One time I didn't have any hot water, but every other time has been fine.  Very traditional full service Marriott.
I really enjoy their boba milk tea drinks! Sooo goood!!!! For all you boba lovers! This is a place to go! :)
Walked in last nite around 630, sat at bar. Dining room was busy but bar quiet. Horrible service, dirty glassware. Rude bartender. Mushy albacore sashimi, coulda used a straw to eat it\n\nDidn't order a entree , left
Just dined here a week ago.  \n\nSeriously, the best damn ribs you'll ever taste.  \n\nMy friends are still talking about the finger lickin' good ribs.
I'm only giving this a four because it took so long with my food. I ordered a simple breakfast eggs & chicken sausage & it was the best chicken sausage ever!! My friend had chicken hash - how chicken could be hash I didn't know but it was great!! Will def go back next trip in Vegas!
Very impressed by the quality of the service, food, atmosphere and selection of wine. I will definitely be returning to this place and referring my friends. I must recommend the rib eye saut\u00e9ed, absolutely the best steak I have ever had!
We had a good time. Drinks are reasonable and service is fair.
Service was marginal and food was not very good.  I remember this place being better, but I guess they changed their menu around a bit ago.  Let's just say I like the old one better.  I will pass on this place moving forward.
We finally visited the Sunday brunch! Was presently surprised with the service and the drinks! Would highly recommend it and might just go right back!
Great service In a small but intimate restaurant.\n\nFood was solid. Had the fris\u00e9e salad and French onion soup. Salad was better than the soup.
Who doesnt like a BIG salad with lots of stuff?
Food is a little bland , not much variety , go there for the coffee if your forced to kill some time.
Checked-in and asked for a cup of coffee. Woman at register was a complete bi!$& and was completely disgruntled and on a huge power trip.  I had to purchase a coffee to go and she threw my card onto the counter.
If you are going here to get fabric I recommend either going on a weekday or get a number as soon as you enter the store.  Their fabric cutting counter is hella busy!\n\nSo is the checkout line! Always expect to wait.  Only 1 or 2 cashiers most of the time.
Great for quick, inexpensive takeout. I really like their hibachi scallop dish.
I got nachos and it was layered so high that the cheese on the bottom wasn't melted. Also, I wasn't a fan of the corn mixed in with the nachos. The salsa was nasty.
I had the pork sliders.\nBased on that i cant recommend the place.\nIf you're staying at the Cosmopolitan, try one of the other restaurants.\nThe service was good however.
Overpriced just \"okay\" italian food.  My dinner included overcooked (mushy) pasta and overcooked shrimp...husbands chicken had gross fat and chewy sections.  Not worth the $50 price tag...should have ate at a local joint.
This hotel is amazing.  Love it.  The only downside, its expensive if you're price conscious.  Besides the room, plan on spending $15 per drink at the pool bar, etc.  If pleasure ranks above money when booking your next Vegas trip, stay here.
While they tend to do a decent job most of the time, the management of the flow of the cars is terrible. I was here before 3 other cars and they were done before I was!  Efficiency is every bit as important as quality of work.
I have been to this location many times, and let me say that Einstein's is vastly superior as far as bagels are concerned. That stated, Bruegger's does serve good softwiches...however, I could get better bread and bagels elsewhere.
I only enjoyed the appetizers, which were the ARANCINE & CARPACCIO.\nFor our main course, we had the Rigatoni with Sausage, Prosciutto Bolognese Parmigiano Crema.  I could have made it better at home.
If you are going to check out one buffet in Vegas, this is the one to check out! Food is amazing, excellent selection. Have been here many times, and brought many friends and family. Never had anyone that was disappointed.
He puts on an incredible show. One of the most talented people I have ever seen. Him and his band have hilarious banter. He did a couple of really creative and awesome things throughout the show but I won't give it away. If you enjoy good music and passionate performances. Go see this dude.
Great staff with awesome food. The portions are gigantic though. Either have a massive appetite or split a meal
Awesome place for a Sunday hangover cure/brunch. On a Sunday around 1, there was a long wait, so we sat at the bar with no wait. The bartenders were very polite and helpful. We shared an omelette meal and it was the perfect amount for the 2 of us. Love the atmosphere and decor!
I have been getting my lashes done here for a year now and I love it! I get so many compliments on my lashes. The service is great and the atmosphere is cozy and relaxing. I've had just a couple scheduling issues but everyone worked really hard to accommodate me. I wouldn't go anywhere else!
They were terrific. Very modern equipment, very knowledgeable and they don't try to oversell you.
Ordered the pad Thai noodles and was very happy! The atmosphere is cool too! Right when you walk in they have two fish tanks! Love how you can choose the level of\nSpicyness! The layout is a little weird but the food is great!
Overated!  Boring, boring, boring!  Did I say boring?\n\nNot a real Cirque show!  Lots of running around but very little performance.  \n\nGo to a real Cirque show like O!
$18 to see lights? Maybe worth it if you have kids, but it was pretty boring for a group for four adults. Some of the characters are cute and clever. The $3 hot chocolate was pretty good. Got to see a zebra, but that was the only animal we saw.
Fun place to shop.  Not very high quality of product.
Love the atmosphere. One of my favorite hotels in Vegas.
Both times ive been here the appt. are late. Both about 20-30 minutes late. Of course its because they are busy....i love getting here at least 10 minutes early only to wait an addition 30 minutes past my appointment time ti be called back..
Great show, I am not really into this kind of thing usually but my girlfriend wanted to really go see it.  I had saw these guys before on tv and thought they were good, but the new prism show is just awesome.  Much better than i was expecting. I have seen quite a few Vegas shows and this one is right up there.
I love this place, every time I visit they have great customer service it's usually fast and we'll kept, food is amazing love love love Carolina's...
kick ass suite in the tower, juicy bed, great service, good food, bars & club, can cab it anywhere from here, pool party goes off in the daytime, & the night club is packed in the evening, pretty much everything you need for a rocking good time!
Make sure you eat before you get there, not much there.
Love this place, my favorite sushi restaurant in vegas. Food is great..always. the Peruvian Corn is a must try..very friendly staff..Service is amazing!
Dirty all over the food area \nI don't know if even have health  card \nNeed in Nevada to work with food \nTaco stands are cleaner than that place .
I have had many great experiences here with mani/pedis, hair cuts, and facials. VERY clean, great atmosphere, amazing service, and incredibly affordable prices! This is an extraordinary group of people that go above and beyond! I bring my whole family here and recommend these guys to everyone I know!
This is now my favorite sandwich place! Can't stop thinking zanier how delicious it was! I would probably get double meat for the extra cost next time since I like my sandwiches \"meaty\". So many choices and different options in making a great sandwich, I'll have to come here many more times! Loved it!
Terrible, slow customer service. They even manage to make site to store an extremely unpleasant experience.
I went here in July while visiting Arizona. Being vegetarian I had to check this place out. I ordered a large hummus. I was short on time but within 10-15 minutes received my food promptly with great customer service. I recommend this place.
Bring back Pretzels with that amazing cheese dip!!!!! that's all i have to say
First of all I gave them 1 star because there is no 0 star!!! I just went there for oil change and car wash. They made me wait for 2 hours and 10 minutes. Should I say something else?? Also I'll make sure that no one goes there!!!!
Great food and service, very pleased with my Valentine's day dinner here.  Planning to come back to try more of their fare, since their Valentine's day menu was limited.
Best Hawaiian food I've tested  Near where I love.\n\nLove this place, Combo plate is my favorite!
Nice station. Wish they had Window squeegee so I could've scrubbed all the bugs off! Sams does have best Prices. Was 3.54 today for 91 octane. I will definitely venture to this fuel station though from now on!
It's a Barnes & Noble, and the bookstore is worth a four.  It's location is worth a four.  It's parking is worthless.  Hence the two.  If I can't get into a store, it doesn't matter how good the store is.
Rosita's is alright. I wouldn't file it under authentic Mexican food, but I certainly wouldn't call it Americanized either. Their beginnings were likely with authentic ingredients and recipes, but over time, things change a bit. I would say the best thing at this restaurant isn't on the menu: chips and salsa.
I got a bike from here about a year ago. I had a flat tire and the guys came to my house to fix my flat tire! The service is outstanding and I would highly recommend buying a bike from here! Great knowledgeable staff!
The service was horrible and the food was atrocious. It was worse than bar food. I couldn't even finish my sandwich. Pretty much paid $9 for a diet coke and I'm still hungry and have to find somewhere else to eat.
Like chipotle with pizza, it was quick good service and overall pizza was pretty solid. will definitely return!
Service was fast, friendly and everything was so much fun . And the sandwich I ordered was phenomenally good. I should have gotten the 4 inch because that was all I could finish. When I saw the picture of Ice Cube on the ice machine I thought I would lose it. Hilarious!
I'm sure the pub type food here is good but the shrimp and pasta dish i chose was blah. Shrimp was over cooked and rubbery. I hate the music that was playing. But the staff was attentive and not over bearing. I probably won't come back to eat again.
I picked up a pizza from this location for the first time tonight.  The pizza was hot, fresh and delicious.  The ordering and pickup process was professional and efficient.  \"I'll be back!\"
This is my girlfriend's favorite sushi spot. She loves their Hot Meso Soup. They have great Salmon here I'll give them that. I just think their sushi rolls are a little skimped. They look like mini sushi lol
this is the second year ive been here. this year i took my wife and we both loved it! Can't wait for next year
I hate Walmart ... Why don't I stay out you ask ?! Because it's xmas and buying a secret Santa gift card for someone who you barely know seems an appropriate reason to come to this hell on earth place. Walmart sucks simple as hell , stay away!!
Terrible service, waited 20 mins between wings with waitresses standing around. It is slow there are barely any people here. This is ridiculous!!!! This has happened 4 weeks in a row... I do not recommend coming here if you are hungry. Drive to a different one and in sure you'll get better service.
They got some solid subs here, especially on Tuesday for the special.  $6.49 for sub, chips, and a drink.  Just an overall solid place for lunch.  Definitely couldn't handle going here like on a daily, but well worth it to mix things up from time to time.\n\ndmo out
Thank you to all the Yelpers who gave this place a good review! \nWe went on the weekend and it was Great! Great food, great specials and most importantly Greatfriendly customer service! We are most def coming back here the next time we are in Vegas!!!
Taco Bell is Taco Bell-- What can one say about it? The service is kind of slow here. I have been in faster drive thrus. Ha!
45 minutes to get a mediocre pizza at 5 pm.  No manager ever came by even though we told the waitress that we were very disappointed. We will never ever go back.
Wow, I've been here so many times, always after 9pm with friends.\nBest Pho I've had.
I like the place. Breads are good. Everything look clean. The only place that have bread I like. Recommend.
bad even for fast food. cashiers cant math or run registers. food is grody. service is slow as nuts and they messed up several orders in front of me.\n\nBARF-O-TRONIC
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table. Food was honestly not my favorite. We tried salad, soup, 2 entrees, and 2 deserts and nothing was worth the high price we paid. There are better places in Phoenix for Italian food.
good burger great zucchini!
The location of Palm Beach Tan has friendly, helpful staff. The facilities are clean. I wish they would wipe down (or Swiffer or whatever...) the floors a little more frequently throughout the day, but generally speaking the tanning rooms and beds are clean. Nice beds (including two standing ) and good Mystic booth.
Horrid stay away.  \n\nI don't know why i went to this place after reading the terrible reviews. \n\nEvery bad review was spot on.   This place sucks beyond imagination.\n\nHorrid food, and a staff that is totally out to lunch.
Love the desert heat wings. Lots of TV's for your sports viewing. The service is generally good the last couple times we have had to return the queso dip as it came to the table lukewarm. Each time the server was very apologetic.
Poor selection of food, decore old,  way to bright.
Great place but I'm only giving 4 stars because the chicken sandwich I ate tasted weird. I'm not picky but it tasted like a bad piece of chicken.
Best thing ever!!! I had to go here while in Vegas and let me tell you it was a blast. Fun from the time we walked in. I can't wait to go back on the return trip.
I really like Carl's Wetern Bacon Cheeseburger. Greasy deliciousness!
Horrible customer service, didn't see anyone winning at all. Total waste of money and we didn't even have fun :-(
OMG- why would a high end place not have an adequate air conditioning system. It was so incredibly hot inside it was not enjoyable. Ridiculous!!  I have no idea how the servers don't pass out.
Went to eat lunch on Tuesday, 12/22/14 and a roach crawled on the table and then after seeing that one I also saw another roach on the floor by the table. The restaurant is very dark and had a bad odor/stench as well. I would say it smelled of urine or a dirty bathroom.
Went twice for lunch because we had a Groupon. Terrible both times. Just not worth it.
Went for breakfast and had a frittata which chorizo ricatta roasted tomatoes. It was full of flavor and very light.
very disappointed that the Thursday nite classes have been cancelled.  i miss Carmen.
If you want pretty average sushi with pretty average service, this is your place.
Yes! From our of town and looking for something local with an atmosphere. Decided I liked the menu.  No let down.  Ask for Cassie.... great and made sure we were very comfortable.  Food was great and great choices.   You won't be dissatisfied.
You'll think you're back in Detroit-authentic coneys!
This is the 3rd Roy's I've experienced and to be completely honest, I was not too impressed... Although the complimentary valet is a nice feature, our reservation was pushed to the right by 10 min. Our dinner took over an hour before it made it to our table.
There bus boy although he resembled Ellen Degeneres was very helpful and polite. Food was amazing and service from them employees was phenomenal. Trevor well done son.
When the first location we went to was too busy, this location took me in. They have great customer service and were very helpful. I was surprised when I found that the tire repair I came in for was free! Great place with better staff! Thanks guys!!
I've been back & have given it another try. It's still only ok but better than the 1st time I tried. For conveyor belt sushi, it's edible & inexpensive. You get what you pay for. All in all, I give it an ok.
The menu looked enticing, but in the end it was not worth the price. The service was terrible, and the food over all mildly decent at best.  The Cobb salad was actually pretty gross. The free bread was definitely the highlight. There are much better choices in Vegas.
Love their cakes, we get them everytime there is a birthday or special occasion. The lunch is pretty good and not too expensive as well.
Ok where is the tzatziki sauce? They don't carry it! Had the rice bowl and it was just that.. lots of mushy rice. I ordered the chicken and they hardly put any meat. The chicken tasted like tuna. Really wanted to like this place.
Turns out eating here, appropriately, is a crap game. Food always OK To good. Service, you need to bring your luck.
Pizza and sangria are great. Unfortunately, Breakfast is only okay. Packed in the morning. Lunes move quickly. Good coffee.  Next to my favorite Postinos!
Save your money!!!  You get quoted one price and get charged way more, happened not just once but twice!!!  Not worth it...
Great place for inexpensive, fast food.  The California Surfin burrito is exceptional.  Friendly staff, good food.
Roberto's is delicious! I love they're chicken tacos and the rolled steak tacos
great shannxi style food. Roujiamo, Yangza, lamp soup, noodle.....
Stay at the Mandarin Oriental in City Center!!!!!!\nGreat location, good value for the price, hotel staff made us feel like we owned the building -- It felt like a private residence rather than a hotel. \nTWIST restaurant was AWESOME!!!
The hot dog options are what really makes this place great. Tons of choices, and every hot dog can be made vegetarian. The restaurant only holds about 8-10 people, so if you have a big group, plan on getting the dogs to go.
I like the variety of items. The food section has a lot of weirdo food items i like to come across.\nMy biggest gripe is there is always a line, a real slow line. Might just be me, but on 2 occasions i put my items down and left..
My eyes look just amazing with my new lashes.  Good bye mascara!  I even fall asleep when I get them touched up, it is so relaxing.  I love the shop and everyone I have met is very professional.  Ashley is a true find!!
Be prepared to wait at least an HOUR  for help even if you have an appointment. And it's freezing in there! So frustrated with that team. One person to help every customer is the worst. Forget getting your new iPhone 5 battery. It's a waste of time just go online
This place is overrated.  It was fine but not at all special, not a single one of the dishes we ordered stuck out to me as being especially good.  Sorry.\n\nConsidering how many great restaurants there are in Vegas, there is no reason to come here.
Pamela's is a great place for breakfast food, but expect to intake a large number of calories and fat.  Everything is extremely buttered and you got large servings of everything.  I think that their potatoes could go with a smaller amount of onions.
Beautiful place. the inside was stunning! Didn't eat here just had some drinks, the tequila selection is nice and the staff is great. Definitely will come back to eat!
Great breakfast joint!! Friendly staff... Best pancakes I have found in the valley!!\nCool local art for sale on the walls.\nI dont mind making the drive from old town for this breakfast!!
Kind of bland food. Hard veggie burger. Again, bland.
staff was friendly and so was the crowd, but it was a special crowd.  If I'd been booking a hotel would have spend an extra 20-30 and stayed somewhere nicer.   This is a cheap hotel/extended stay and you get what you pay for.
Enjoyed the food, not as suitable for young children as people get the paddle  and this event takes place in the middle of the floor--could be the wrong message for younger eyes. Overall staff was nice and the food was good.
Such a great lunch spot with great service!!  Tons of options for everyone, including healthy options.  I had the grilled fish with veggies and rice, and it was super flavorful and well cooked.  The servers were very nice and were very speedy.  Will definitely go back again for lunch and would highly recommend it.
Great place for sushi, nice waitstaff and and reasonable prices.
had breakfast there. thought it was better than sitting in dusk inside. terrible eggs, artificial orange juice. expensive
Very simple.  I LOVE this place.  I love a restaurant that picks one thing and does it well.  I usually get the Regina, and will sometimes try the special.  There is a good selection of reasonably priced wines and the dessert is also pretty fantastic.  I have always had great service and recommend the place with frequency.  Yum!
Really good price for what you get.  I had the tuna bowl it was really yummy.  I have to come back and try dinner one day.
Overpriced, underwhelming experience and atmosphere.  Even the soup took over 30 minutes to arrive after ordering.  Over an hour for the food and there was a total of 4 tables seated in the entire restaurant.  Don't believe the fancy 4 diamond awards at the door, Pearl does not deserve them!
Honestly, their yogurt always tastes heavy and overly sweet to me. I wish they would have some more fruity / tart flavors. More comfortable seating would be a plus as well. Nice location - but at this point we'll drive a little farther west over to Ocean Blue or Zoyo.
Over-rated...Sorry, but if you did travel to Japan, you would know that it is not as authentic.
They have an okay customer service for their customers, I just wish they would smile more and make us feel more welcomed.
If you're from New Orleans, or love New Orleans food, do NOT waste your time. The breakfast was very disappointing.  The service was slow and not friendly. Coffee is $4 a cup, which they do not fill all the way and there are no free refills.
Thank you for putting a new Teakwoods in Phoenix. Teakwoods goes above & beyond regular bar food - but I come here for the chicken wings.\n\nBOTTOM LINE: Best wings in the valley, hands down
Dude I got so drunk there a couple nights ago! I had like 8 rum shots, I can't remember, for like 25 bucks!! And that one gal that was my waitress was quite a looker!
Precooked noodles in Ragu like sauce.  I got the Thai food (Phod Thai).  Don't do it!  There was a sprinkling of vegetables and not much else.  I asked for extra lime and onion and they gave me a tiny end of a lemon (not a lime) and no extra onions.
To me it was real expensive for not that amazing of a quality. \nMay be because the hotel itself is so old and falling apart compared to The city center.
It's like the minor league version of good steakhouses. Let's get serious...we all go there for the free bread. \n\nThe service here is solid, though.
No cover charge, a decent cover band, $5.00 beer served in large mason jars, random free shots of random liquor and girls dancing on the dance floor makes this bar a great place to stop by when you're ready to escape the crowds and slot machines. The place was fun, laid back and not an ultra lounge!
Have to say ,great place. Nice and very professional. Walked in to ask few questions about what they had to offer also to get some prices. Gail at the front desk was very helpful and had every answer i needed. She is a pretty lady with a great attitude , while knowing her stuff , need more ladys like her !
the tacos are off the hook yummmmmmmmy
Every time I go there I order chicken noodle soup in a bread bowl just to find out they are out of bread bowls. How do you always run out of bread bowls??? The workers are not very polite either :-( I won't go back instead I'll go to Safeway for my bread bowl and soup.
my favorite sushi place in Vegas! Decor sucks, service is okay.. but none of that matters cause the food is just so amazing and AYCE is great deal!
Service is lacking. Check in took forever and waited in the lounge and never was approached for a drink order. Hotel is nice -surprised that they aren't on their game.
Recommend to go before 630 pm to void the long wait, this location is better than irvine branch. More sushi selection and I love their clam soup. Oyster is a little bit under quantity control so I wasn't able to eat as much like hikari :( but quality is not bad.
Not a good overall experience.  Service was very slow and not friendly like the sign on the door promotes.  The food is just ok.
Body Focus Fitness & Performance is an excellent place for challenging your mind and body and discovering what your capable of. Kevin Freeland is a truly decent human being with sound knowledge and experience. He makes every work out session challenging and works with you to meet your goals. You certainly won't be wasting your time or money coming here.
Without question, the worse Quesadilla I've had in my 35 years of life, and I've lived in Mexico for a total of about a year, so eaten countless quesadillas.  They put like shredded lettuce in it.  It is gross
Good selection of books, including a pretty decent selection of cookbooks. The staff is friendly staff and the store is always clean.
Great experience in previous visit in Orlando so tried this one in Charlotte. Apps were cold.  Waiter was loud and too casual.  Cream curdled in coffee.  Sea bass was steamed spinach coated in soy sauce.  After I have been to all other Charlotte restaurants, we may try it again.
Guy on the phone was a prick. Condescending and unorganized. He hated that our apartments didn't have a building number for some reason - even though he claimed the drivers \"are good at finding places.\" Pizza was also not good.
Complete scam. Took our money & never showed up for our tour. Filing with BBB & anyone that will listen.
Only thing worse than the food was the service, worst waitress ever! Not sure what crawled up her butt? She needs to find a new career out of the service industry, maybe a government job.
Great food and service at the mission. Was happy with customer service and atmosphere of restaurant
One of the best places in Phoenix, situated in the old historic district.  Cibo has great wines, great appetizer's too.  I recommend one of my favorite pizza's that is prepared just like you would have in Italy, the pizza con proscuitto crudo.
Second to Lotus of Siam... This is great food with great service. They are known for vegetarian dishes...
I went to Ginger for some highlights.  She was AMAZING, did EXACTLY what I wanted and was such a pleasure to talk to.  As a matter of fact, everyone in there was super nice.  Highly recommended- from a chick that is very finicky over her hair
Great pizza, fun staff, wonderful service. I can't picture a better pizza place. Neapolitan style pizza. Be sure to try the grape and Gorgonzola salad.  Perfectly good wine selection.  We go almost weekly.
I was disappointed when I went this time. The tacos were dry. The waitress kept trying to upsale the menu because the tacos were on special for $1.50, the side salad was $4.50.
One of the best Filipino restaurant in Phoenix AZ. Very friendly staff. Desserts are amazing.
This restaurant has great food and wonderful staff! A must try!
Staff was really helpful and friendly and the product was beautifully kept. I think anyone would feel welcome in this store.
This was my first experience with banh mi, we sampled the house special. I'm pretty clueless as to what veggies and cold cuts were on the sandwich but as a whole it was pretty tasty. I will have to try other varieties to see which I prefer.
Awful service! Over 10 mins wait to place drink and food order and the place was not busy at all. Not worth it
Very fresh and delicious subs! The prices are a little high though, but they do have a punch card and if you buy 10 (I think) subs, you get 1 free. It definitely won't take me long to fill up the card!
Good Food and wait is waaaay better since they expanded awhile back. Staff is prompt and pleasant. If you have to wait order a beverage at the breakfast bar on the left.
Love the food, beer, and atmosphere.  They didnt get the 5th star because they are a brewery and have ONE urinal for the guys!  Seriously?!?!?!  Fail!
Only reason we came here was to get free entry to tao nightclub. Otherwise food is mediocre at best and super expensive. Plus when you have a reservation, why do they make you hang out for another 30 mins in the bar/lounge area before seating you?! What's the point of the reservation?!!!
Very good :) the steak and chicken are perfectly marinated.  Pita was the only disappointment, it just wasn't the best.  Otherwise, it was great
There are allot better hotels. Hopefully they read this. They will work on it. No comps. Even If you spend $10000 at craps and tip every hand win or lose. And if yer not super attractive they are very rude. Oh and house keeping stole my meds.and my ray bans.
The roast beef sandwich 3 ways on a sub was awesome. We also got the grilled buffalo chicken sandwich but the chicken was really chewy, and couldn't finish it.  The staff was really nice and prices affordable. Will probably return.
Fantastic green curry!
Manuela was very friendly and efficient. \nGreat waitress.  The bottles of habra Diablo and habra Diablo verde were 90 percent empty and were gross looking. It is important to have these bottles filled for someone to use when they sit down. Also goes for the ketchup.
The only thing good was the rice. I ordered chow mein noodles... NOODLES! This piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup. Called and the guy was a dick. If you know Chinese food this is not it! Waste of money. I hope they go out of business.
The sushi here its great and the intimate ambiance makes this place a  place to go with the wife. We tried a few of their specialty rolls as well as some of their traditional roils, it was all great!
Love this place ... Super cute inside with a great outdoor terrace. We had the burger and fries which were both excellent. Kids grilled cheese excellent ! Gelato was very good also. Highly recommend !! Check it out
Awesome new spot in PHX;, which they have needed for a long long long time. \n\nI got the testosterone salad. Amazing. Blu cheese crumbles, rare steak, good greens. Beats normal airport food any damn day.
Great atmosphere, awesome drinks but food was horrible. We had the rice balls which were still cold inside, the chicken ravioli and veal parm which both tasted like they could have been at Olive Garden. Even the bread pudding was bad. I would go back for a drink but that's it.
Good stuff.  Enjoyed everything this place had to offer.  A  rare find, considering it's location.
Cool place to a have a couple drinks, nice leather lounge chairs and three pool tables... having fun!!! Great service and great food!! Coming back!!!
As of October 2013, the Station is once again closed and up for sale.  We'll see who, if anyone, tries to make a go of it here again.
Loud.
I don't recommend this place , rude doctor , unprofessional , I'm so mad I couldn't wait longer to give my feedback about the doctor . Pay 30$ to be treated like sh****
Extremely packed. I've gone at 11 am on a Tues and STILL had hours to wait. Range officers are too overbearing. Range is cramped and there is no room to move. I am an extremely experienced shooter and they hovered like I was a noob with a rental. I won't be back.
Holy smokes. If your here for drinks, and to get saucey- then go on in. Dont mind girl dancing on the bar above your head. BUT- Do NOT eat the food!! :-/
Had the carne asada burrito. Excellent service from Ernesto and Gabe. I like the fresh made chips and salsa.
The food sucks.... The service is SLOW..... The staff is bloody RUDE!!!! Reality check Zipps!!!! Embrace the little amount of business you have won't be long till your doors are closed forever and your rude staff is unemployed and homeless.  Karma.
Food is great! : ) Prices are great too!
Ive been here a couple times. I think the drinks are too expensive for a neighborhood bar. . . Food is decent nothing special but not bad. . . Service is always really friendly if not always prompt and on point.
Really liked the decor and they gave us a good table. But in general, I didn't really like my bland tacos and the service was just ok. I think if you're in Aria you have to step it up.
I've lived in New York, and the South Bronx. This pizza reminds me of my two years spent there. Great food. A bit pricey, but you get a lot of food for what you order. Their cheese pizza deal is affordable, however, and it tastes great.
Great food, great service, and great environment!  We had double bypass and It was amazing! Definitely recommend this place.
I cannot overstate how great Brandon and the guys were. Communication before the move was great, they showed up on time, and they were very affordable. They were courteous and unloaded our 22\" truck with our three bedrooms in one hour (it took my wife and I ten hours to load). Don't look anywhere else.
I was impressed by this little Thai place tucked into a little shopping center. The major anchor of the shopping center has been gone for awhile, so little businesses have come and gone. I hope this one is here to stay. The Crab Rangoon was excellent as was the Mongolian Beef. Plenty of flavor and just enough spice.
Good food the service is good but could be worked on a little the egg rolls are delicious I ordered the chicken pho tender  meat definitely coming back :)
Cute, eclectic, tasty and pricey
This is an update. Lately the wifi has been taken out of this place for the last couple of months. \nI guess they don't like the laptop wielding kind...
Tom and Tammy did a very great job cleaning my nails. This place is clean and there's a personalized feeling in this salon,  it's like going to a friend to have your nails done!
This is a nice little casual place.  But styrofoam cups?  The front desk is a little messy.  I don't know how to describe the decor.  The soup and the beef/broccoli were very good.
Friend invited me for a late lunch here. I had the Mozzarella, Local Tomato, & Basil sandwich. Sandwich was OK. I thought the Focaccia was a bit on the tough side. I'll have to give this place another try. I do want to purchase their bread to take home. Hope to return soon.
Lovely lighting, great drinks. A little pricey, but had a great time!  It was, indeed, slightly tricky to find (which just made it more fun), but we went pretty early on a friday evening so there was no line.  Beautiful!
I have no complaints about anything here except that I almost ate too much of the awesome bread before the real food arrived. The chateaubriand was cooked perfectly and the sides were very adequately portioned. In fact, there was too large a portion of the garlic mashed potatoes for me to finish. I highly recommend this place.
Rad spot. Cool music, cool crowd, cool outside patio/stage area, bartenders are great, cheap booze AND I can get my hur done, nails done, everything did. I'm in.
This place is ok, not great but alright. When your hungry for some quick Mexican food its good. But what makes me give this place 2 stars is the lady behind the counter that takes the orders. She always has a sour face like she hates her job!!!
Another successful Yelp recommendation! Great selection, friendly knowledgeable staff, good prices and clean organized store. The staff wereas truly awesome and so helpful. Highly recommend!
Great yellow curry, great service and great ambiance.  It's nice to be in Vegas and eat somewhere not super commercial, and not sketchy.
Great food and Tracy is a great server!!
First trip here food was very bland and the overall conditions were horrible. Tables were nasty fountain drink machine had not been cleaned in what looked like forever 1/2 or the drinks were empty. It would be a good place for a sandwich shop for sure is only positive thing I can truly say
Very friendly and honest!
Food is hit and miss.  I know I should stick to thin crust when I order from here.  I ordered a pepperoni normal crust which seemed undercooked as well as cheese sticks that were dried out.  It is getting a three due to the occasional hits and what can you expect from a chain.
Don't let the cheesy strip mall location fool you. This is top notch gelato in a spic and span store run by delightful staff.
Petco is probably my least favorite pet store to go to. They are over priced, it's messy and they don't sell prescription foods. I don't really see any reason to go here over the competitors.
A promoting agency that does not work well with you for clubs and attractions in vegas. Experience started off okay though they like to text you a lot and then the deal falls through. If there's even a deal they give you. Grade very poor!!!
It's Target. It's clean and well lit, the deals are fairly decent. I have a few Wal-Marts that are closer, but I prefer Target.
Very good, always friendly and great portions
I am from Houston, TX and the only similarities are the queso and the restaurant design. I got a taco and enchilada and the taco was good but the enchilada was terrible. I can't even describe how it tasted besides bad. The waitress was really nice. Keep them, change the chefs.
I'm Soo glad I found this place! Good milk tea and fresh boba. New and clean!! The afternoon staff is friendly and I would say without a doubt this place is just as good as any boba place I've been to in Los Angeles. Very happy the boba gods have blessed Phoenix with this place.
Clean and quiet. Allowed me to check in early and gave me some Marriott points too!  Wireless works great, but then I am on the bottom floor. Security and area seem okay.  Staff seems nice.  Convenient area, Chevron across the street, numerous restaurants nearby, only a few minutes from strip.
Great for lunch, quick service and reasonable prices.
Visiting from Los Angeles, Love this place!! Good live music, strong drinks, cool atmosphere, and fun crowd!! I def recommend it!
This is my favorite spot when I'm in mesa, I always hit it, love the food and the staff, always going above my expectations!!!! Love it.
I went in the other day for a haircut with Kelly Kay and her work was awesome. I will never go to another stylist again. Her prices are fair and you will get an amazing cut, color, whatever you wanted. I would recommend her strongly. The decor of the salon is really trendy and makes for a great environment.
Long wait, food was weak. Even Ray Charles could see this meal was a fail.
Eh this place is ok for takeout once in a while. Breakfast is ok eggs are the only thing they can cook consistently. Staff is usually nice but way to chatty and a bit slow
Worst manicure I've had in years. He filed all my nails short without asking me. The polish was all over my skin around my nails and cuticles and, because it was red, it stained my skin. Do not recommend.
I don't have a lot to say about this place.\nSushi was okay. They put way too much sauce on the rolls and the rolls themselves are monotone in taste. Nothing spectacular, but nothing utterly disgusting at the same time. Would I recommend this place? Probably not. There are better sushi place around the area.
We've been to Simons auto repair three times now. This brutal Phoenix heat has taken a beating on our cars. These guys are great! They got us in right away, and don't try to hassle or haggle with you. Honest prices and great service! I can't say enough good about them.
It's a bar that does Chinese food on the side.  Panda express has better food.  The good thing is that its open till 2am.
Went tonight pizza was a little soggy,Salad was good and enough for me and my husband to share,service was good.I do think the pizza here is pretty expensive for what you get.
Eine gro\u00dfe Tankstelle dieser Kette. Hier gibt es u.a. auch Autogas (LPG) und eine Waschanlage. Der Shop ist sehr gut ausgestattet. Das Personal ist sehr freundlich.
I came in here with my Grandma. I had the veggie enchiladas, they were fantastic. The service however, was very slow.
If you like Guess, Ralph Lauren and similar stores, this is your outlet mall for finding some awesome discounts. I've come to the Anthem outlets here and there over the years and while I can't say I've found anything worth breaking news, I can say that it's worth walking into if you're in the area.
I had a ribeye and creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e for desert. It was the best meal I have had in a long time!
Had a great time here watching the Smashing Pumpkins. The venue may not be ideal for watching a concert due to some challenging sight lines.  However, we managed to have a great time... Until we got asked to leave for doing head stands.  Namaste.
Osso.  Bucco.  They should change the name, rip out the 90's decor and just serve this.  The House of Osso Bucco would be a five star establishment in my book.  (What I'm trying to say is that this locals casino restaurant serves really freaking good osso bucco.)
Very awesome place for bread. Very good. Go in early though because it will sell out :,(
Its a dive..hole in the wall motel.....room is clean, but old...nice pool. No fitness center, elevator is not trustworthy....Wifi sucks....very few slot machines. ...breakfast was cold. . Although. ..close to convention center.
I had the 10'' gyros.  It was delicious, I highly recommend this place.  If you are a Midwestern student you get a  10% discount
Just ok.  The St. Louis ribs were not fall off the bone tender, as I would expect if they had been coming for 6 hours.  Honestly. My ribs at home are better. Hubby and son had chicken wings, which they described as 'rubbery'.
I went through the drive through at 1:15 am and drove away with my food at 1:50 am, no joke. It would have been faster to park and walk into the Walmart McDonald's.
When I think of Madison I think of this place. The beer is great, the food is diverse and extremely we'll made and the building is beautiful. I've heard raves about the African peanut soup(or whatever) but I opted for the brats and cheese curds.
ok. red lobster was pretty good but i've had better.  the shrimp pasta was delicious. however the lobster didn't really have its on flavor. kind of tasted like card board. i had to add my own seasonings and shouldn't have had to because its not my job.
I had much better wings in other places.  I thing most of the wings was over cooked.
Excellent artichoke pasta salad and green lentil soup, service is always great! \nPlease open a store in Casa Grande!
Last week I met my family at H2K for dinner.  I enjoyed the dinuguan and sisig with rice and for dessert I shared a Halo Halo with my mom.  I am alway happy after leaving this place:)  I look forward to the next visit!
It's hard to explain to anyone from outside of Quebec how \"Smoked meat\" is far superior to anything like Pastrami or corned beef. It's worth the trip. One of the best sandwiches in town. Don't be a wuss and order it on the \"fatty\" side...
dont know what all the hype is about. very underwhelmed with this place. having no place to get some fresh air felt very claustrophobic. felt like a carbon copy of xs but with no outdoor area. and drinks are stupiddddd expensive, sorry ladies.
Had work done there,  People are nice, and helpful.  Prices seem okay.
This place use to be great I looked forward to Vegas trips for this spot its not too pricey and it use be really yummy now it blows and the service sucks the big as well, it's a sad sad day for me
Love this place for HH. I am not even sure of the specials, but the beer is cold, service is prompt, and they always get our checks right, even with big parties!
Love this place!! Visiting from the bay 4 years in a row! We've stayed at most of the other high-end spots in town, but keep coming back here.  Service & staff are incredible, lovely pool, dog friendly (without being grossly obvious) great shuttle service and just an attractive, up to date small resort.
What can I say.... This is hands down one of the best places to eat!  Visit probably once a week and always request the same waiter.  Service is great, food is excellent, prices are perfect!
Cool atmosphere.  I like sitting at bar with huge TV during sports.  Their pizza is one of the best I have had.
They don't honor the 15% coupons on the bag of cookies, even though it does not say 'only valid on return visit'. We won't be back, no Sweet Tomatoes in Michigan. Wouldn't have bought the cookies either, had we known.
Everything seems great except you have to pay for internet which I think is really stupid. I would rather stay at a hotel without a casino than stay here.
OUTSTANDING service!  My salesperson, Lance was attentive, knowledgeable, polite and spot on with information.  \n\nWhat more can I say...GREAT company.
Tried to go here today and this place is closed!
Don't come on any weekend (always short staffed) and the parking spots are made for golf carts. They don't charge for the door dings.
This is one of my favorite pizza places. We go here every Friday for lunch. I'm a big fan of the meat pie or the hawaiian special. Definitely something to check out.
The one downtown has amazing customer service but I do not recommend shopping at the Goodyear location. Three workers were literally standing around the front door chatting and completely oblivious.
Burgerlicious
Expensive, insipid and no customer service. If you go there be ready to spend too much money for a gyro. Oh and don't go there hungry or you'll come out broke and still hungry. No garlic add on anything? Greek Gods are shamed of you.
This gym has everything!\n\n3 stories and more than enough equipment, there is also a women's only section and a cardio theatre. I have attended most of the classes and all the instructors are great and really motivate you! You definitely get a lot for $30/month
I love Jimmy Johns but this location's delivery restrictions are ridiculous. They won't deliver to St. Joseph's hospital because it is 600 feet past 1 mile. 600 feet. I can't believe they are willing to give up all of the opportunity for sales for 600 feet. Unbelievable.
Great atmosphere and even better drink deals
Great place for dine-in and pick-up!\n\nAmbience: Contemporary/ Casual\n\nFood/Drink: American.  Good salads and desserts!
Fuck this place. Showed up with 50+ people for one of our hammer & cycle bike rides and the bartender said we were being too loud and running off her customers. We were all paying customers and were not even loud to the 5 other people that were there. Fuck that place you just lost the best night you probably every had!!!!
Not happy
Pros:                            Cons:\nAwesome staff.            14$ breakfast\nClean rooms.                No fridge\n                                      No microwave\n                                      No coffee
Chef Rod runs a tight ship. Great, high-quality food and service that doesn't disappoint. I'm especially fond of their Sunday brunch spread - don't miss it ... especially on \"special\" events like Easter and Mother's Day.
I had brunch here one day and it was pretty good. I liked my breakfast sandwich, but the omelette and homefries were rather underwhelming. However, I did like the homey feel of the place very very much.
Loaded with meat! Price is right. Huge portions. They don't mess around! You won't be disappointed! Better than Baja Taco! Pepsi products takes this place to the top! Viva El Taco please viva forever!
A group of six of us went here for lunch today we all had the wings Gold style they were excellent price was affordable would recommend eating here at least for lunch. Menu is a basic bar menu wings burgers things like that
Tanya is  simply the best!!!
Awesome fish n chips and it stood up to some places we ate at in San Diego.  If you want some greasy fish and chips look no further!
Very disappointed...calamari was salty & Cesar salad had a bottle dressing not good. Overall food was average not worth the premium price!!!
This negative review does not apply to all the waitress here in this Restuarant.. The waitress that was serving us was not very friendly, he actually had an attitude with me and my boyfriend when we're ordering food. Never coming back here EVER again!\nBad Service!.
Just seems to get better each time! We eat here at least once a week both lunch and dinner options are awesome! Suggest the pan fried dumplings...sweet n sour shrimp...pork fried rice and well almost everything on the menu :)
slow slow slow ... turtle or snail slow service
Awesome veggie food! Well worth a taxi ride from the strip if you are vegetarian!
While pho  is within price range of other places, I can not say the same for their appetizer and rice dish.  Their rice dish is at $14 plate.  I think this place is trying to come off as an expensive Vietnamese restaurant but the location and ugly sign says otherwise.
Warm ambiance authentic Thai food \nSee review in the Gazette and the Montreal Mirror.
Worst service ever. Everyone from the front desk to the service staff made you feel unwelcome and an inconvenience to their night.
I do enjoy eating here most days but some times they run out and don't make any more of that dish. So it's very hit and miss.   If you have something on your menu at least have it.
Great food and decent service. The place can get PACKED at peak times. A 45 minute wait is not unheard of. I give this place a slightly higher preference then Boiling Crab. Butter and garlic seasoning is da bomb.
Expensive, glorified bar food and crappy server. The view was great though, right across the Bellagio fountains. Be fair warned, food is mediocre. They need to really fix this place up. How disappointing.
Great service and great prices. Knowledgable and friendly staff! Great location in silverado ranch area.
Absolutely horrible service and the pizza was NOT in my top 10 in South Hills let alone the top in Pittsburgh. Asked for something specific. When delivered, it was wrong. When we called, the person who took the call was rude. HORRIBLE.
Awesome staff, very knowledgable and helpful! We had just moved into the area and saw them on yelp, we needed a good TV of reasonable size and they found us a great one! It works really well! Definitely recommend these guys!
I can't remember very much from when i was here so I can't write a very detailed review however I do remember the room we were in was very big and had a huge table and of course big screen for the karaokeeeee singers and it was FUN.
I looooooove ATS! The bean burritos are the best around, hands down! And the happy hour beer special is pretty nice too :-).
This place is so gross and the food is doesn't taste good. The guy took forever to make my food and left a mess on his prep table. If you want microwaved processed food then this is the place for you! I will not go there again.
Its basically the \"How I met Your Mother Bar\" A place where you go to sit, talk, and have a beer. Good Irish Stout. Super-Hipster-Artsy. Friendly staff.
Great massages! great service! the only con is sometimes the massage starts late , but other than that it is awesome! great staff and proffessional massage therapists!
Prices were higher than the ones here in SD and the sandwich wasn't that good.. I actually got a 6 inch and I only finished about 1/2 of it and had to throw the rest away. Soda refills were NOT FREE! wth??? kinda ridiculous...
awful. don't bother.
Very delicious food here
Horrible customer service make the drive and stick to the rainbow and 215 location. Better customer service, cleaner store and more items.
On the sales side, too many fees, doc fees, activation fees.... it seems almost dishonest. And every deal is a battle to get them to remove said fees. It is really a bad experience.\n\nOn the services side, expensive and not reliable. I would stay away from this place.
Love this place! Food is awesome and the ladies are so friendly! LOVE small businesses! Great atmosphere, great food, great decor, great all around!
What we ordered:\nBeignets, shrimp and grits, pancakes, and bacon & eggs\n\nAtmosphere was great, lots of food, fast service.  Pancakes had a little burnt griddle grease taste...\n\nWould go back.
Sorry Chef Ramsay but please don't bloody yell at me but your gourmet burgers are overrated.  Wouldn't pay the price for the burger even it was half the price.  Didn't have enough flavor and the juiciness of a great burger to satisfy my appetite.
Very nice staff and seating area. Two machines and video poker at the bar. All the food I saw go by looked great. My Asian chicken salad looked good but eh on taste. Very bitter greens and cold chicken. The hot wings were moist & good on flavor. Next time I will try the grilled cheese or sandwich. Salad needs work
We dined at this buffet and our pants unbuckled.  They have something for everyone.  Desserts galore and their coffee was delicious.  Our cups were kept full.  I would definitely go back wearing stretch pants or a dress.
Pretty yummy Indian. Good rice pudding. We went during resto week aka queen's feast. Really good deal. Still looking for Indian food in clt that will knock my socks off tho.
This cafe's espresso drinks are on par with the best artisinal coffee houses anywhere.  I always go out of my way to get coffee from here when I'm in Pittsburgh.
Currently at fastmed. It's been close to two hours and still no doctor or PA or whoever to see me. Only 3 people when I got here in waiting room. definitely would not recommend this place. Too SSSSSLLLLLOOOOWWWW!
El servicio es horrible.
This is one of my favorite places to each lunch! It's walking distance from my office and the food is amazing! Great quality and healthy. The staff is very nice and the owners always make sure that the customers are happy. Highly recommend greens and proteins!
Very slow and the food was ok. Kind of overpriced for what they had. The menu was also very limited. Don't come with kids.
I've never seen so many old shoes in all my life.
The DJ is horrible! They will play a song for only 10 seconds or they will mix a song with techno.
This place gets four stars for the great beer, the perfect pretzels, and general good atmosphere. But the music - Neil Diamond, on the accordion? Really? Not what I expected at a place like Hofbraus? Service was wonderful, as always.  Did I mention the beer? Oh yes. Love.
More east coast products. Lots of fresh pastas always great variety.  Clean deli and great food court pizza. All around a good grocery store that emulates wholefoods feel, food4less isles and prices. Lol
Getting noticed when you first arrive may take awhile. The wait staff is also slow and not to \"with the program\". It looks nice inside and has a nice outside patio. The food is pretty good...if you can get someone to take your order. I would not  suggest doing any take-out from them.
Cheap prices and a great place to get fresh veggies. Place does get busy on the 1st and 2nd of the month given how cheap the place is so try to avoid those two days.
Awful.  Billion mile lines for baggage claim, car rentals, security, taxis, everything.  After you land, plan on taking 2-3 hours to get your stuff and get out of the place.  Longest waits I have ever had in my life for an airport taxi.  Maybe some taxi drivers need to move to Vegas.
OMG the best sushi and sashimi I've ever had in my life. The staff is very friendly and made some great recommendations. The screaming orgasizm was awesome. A must try
In the mood for a good, cheap burger that isnt In and Out, Five Guys, or from one of the popular national food chains? Go here. Beware the double onions though...
Worst haircut ever... I'm actually embarrassed to be in public. The so-called stylist apologized, yet blamed it on the notes in her computer (I've been here in the past, with less devastating outcomes). In my opinion, she should ask prior to unleashing the clippers on people. Never again.
My beloved 12 yr old Chihuahua suffered a stroke that left him paralyzed from the neck down. Dr. Jennifer Kres and her caring staff made a difficult time a little easier. I held him in my arms and felt at peace knowing we came to the right place.
Decent Pizza and pasta. My go to spot for a quick snack to hold for dinner. The side of meatballs are quite tasty too.
Very good Chicago dog.
I love you.\n\nFresh, great food.  Great people.  What more can you ask for?\n\nI love Mediterranean food but always struggle with what dish to order, because I want a little of each flavor from each of my favorite dishes.  Problem solved, you can get anything practically here.
Food is really good but incredibly noisy.  Couldn't hear person next to me at our 4 top.
Great local business!
this is easily my favourite place to eat in montreal, let alone the best thai i've ever had. everytime i order a veggie pad thai elsewhere, i constantly compare it to bangkok and how i'd just rather be sitting in that depressing foodcourt.
Nice course but I had a misunderstanding with the staff and they could have handled it a lot better so I won't be going back.
Melinda is the most talented, creative and professional hairstylist I've ever seen.\nShe works tirelessly and cares deeply about the satisfaction of all of her customers.
Love Canadian tire just for their sales! Always worth it when you keep an eye out on their specials and you get CRAZY expensive stuff at 65% off!!!
After my friend took me to a pho restaurant in Mesa, I was wanted to find a place closer to where I live.  Their pho at 43rd express was ok, but they didn't have tofu pho for veg heads or a variety of teas. Oh, and a heads up, it's cash only!
Service was good but food was bland. Needless to say Filaburtos, is better. Food is not worth the price.
good staff
Finally got to try Bachi. Great burgers! Our server was very helpful explaining and describing the menu to us. Shuffle fries are good as well.
Absolutely disgraceful. What can you say when the manager of the place chases your wife to the car screaming and yelling for absolutely no reason.  We paid our bill and left a 25% tip, only to be verbally assaulted by an absolutely sorry excuse for a manager. NEVER AGAIN
It litterally took 5 minutes from smog to cert. I paid through yelp , pulled in, DONE!
This was okay.  Not my favorite zoo or the best but still okay.
Food was impressive.  I went here for the sopapillas and was not impressed with them.  But!!!  everything else was great.  Very flavorful.  Not too spicy, but my tastebuds needed water everyonce in a while.\nWould recommend if you are looking for good New Mexican food.
Family and I lucked upon this casual gem our first night on vacation. Happy hour till 7, jukebox, sports, great food and perfect service.
I got upgraded to a suite!!\nToo bad, the suite was not modern enough.\nThe suite room is old.\nInteresting enough, the suite has two bath rooms, one with the shower, the other with the big bath tub!!
I went to watched show 6 months  ago I like it. Video before show very funny
I spent 2 hours waiting here.  With all the er's saying wait time is only 15 minutes, quick care should be at least reasonably close to that time.  The staff tried to be friendly even with mean weird people complaining but the service was still slow and disorganized.
Love this mall...beautiful mall and great stores. Probably spent more then I wanted to, but couldn't restrain. :)\n\nNordstrom's is awesome.  What great service they offer.
Just ok. My pedi was mediocre and the paint job was sloppy.
They have yet to mess up on my son and husband. The hubs is pleased every time he leaves and that's all that matters. All of the stylists are pretty awesome!
Horrible service...food being thrown in the kitchen. Order was wrong. No pepper. Bad attitudes from employees. Fails on all counts. Avoid if you can.
Second time eating here and it was as great as the first. I tried the beef tendon with my soup and I highly recommend it. Service was also great both times and I again took home food for later because the bowls of soup are massive..
A joke can't tell you how I really feel cause they removed it
Certainly can't beat eating in Hawaii, but this is second best!
Was very good. Love finding these little local off the main drag local places to eat. Food was great, service very good. Would go back again.
A pretty decent mall, a few too many empty stores of late though.  The food court is okay.  The carousel is real cool looking.
I have to agree with another reviewer that the cafe has changed hands since our last visit.. The new wait staff obviously unfamiliar with the restaurant business. The sandwiches may be good but the pizza we had was all cheese and no taste.
Best Cafe in Pittsburgh - like a hidden gem. The sandwiches are delicious, you must try the chocolate chip brownie, and the coffee is great and made exactly the way you like it.
Unique and fun decor...great salad and dessert selections.
I know good thai curry and this was far from it. Service was very good.
Good place to hang out as it is both a bar and a restaurant. I had a great pina colada and the waitress gave us each a free shot since we had to wait awhile for our drinks. Later on we went to the restaurant and I had a great salad! Good food and service.
It would be great if we could get another computer lab and maybe a Chipotle where the sprint used to be :D
Great service, great food and great atmosphere. My ribeye came out over cooked and they comped it. Ordered it medium and it came out well.  Price is high to eat here but check it out and you will see why. I'll be back next time I feel for great steak and seafood.
Got a good hair cut at a fair price. They have TVs where you can easily watch while they are working which is nice. I will be back for sure!
The no nonsense, direct treatment is exactly what I require.  The only downside is that the sheets/chair cover's are not changed between clients.  I suggest you bring your own clean sheet/blanket for hygiene reasons.
I was really excited about this place, because I love Tamales! However, I did not love these Tamales! They are flavorless, and bland as can be...zero flavor!!!! Texture is a little weird too, over steamed or something, not sure what the deal is. Customer service is great though.
They do not serve ketchup on burgers but you don't need it. This was the first burger in my life without ketchup. No need because the burger melts in your mouth.
This is just awesome place.. my first yelp review.. signed up just to say how good this place is .. spicy mango.. tamarind .. flavors you have never heard of. Too good.
Great Pizza and Pitas, these guys are right down the street from work and we bring back lunch to the office about twice a month. Fresh ingredients, lots of cheese, cant go wrong. If you are showing up around lunch 11:30-12:30, it will be busy.
Very posh. The food was excellent, the location very modern and artistically expressive. Quite an experience.
This place is conveniently located near my work and thank god it is.  The atmosphere here is always positive and pairs extremely well with their delicious beverages. In the mood for coffee, try Grouch John's Latte? Not in the mood for coffee grab the Suicide or the Caribbean Colada Smoothies.Highly Recommend!
Despite being the \"daily diner\" of Encore, it's arguably the best eatery of the bunch. I've been once for lunch and once for dinner and it is easily the best value of any Encore restaurant.  If you want proper service to go with classic yet inspired food, give Society Cafe a try.
Foods is ok, but make sure they put everything that you order in your food,, such as if ya get rice in your bean and cheese burritos  they tend to forget it. Service is fast but sloppy.
Good for only one visit.  Very overpriced
Dirty.  I had flies buzzing all over me during dinner (inside).  They were out of a lot of stuff, but...  they do get points for being opened in the middle of the night I suppose.
Read a review from the newspaper so I tried it. Not impressed. The atmosphere is about as dismal as the food. They need to make it a place people want to come in and eat instead of get out of there as soon as possible. Gross!
Without a doubt one of the best and most friendly places in town. The Filet is the best and most tender. Friendly staff and seller service. Don't miss it
You can never go wrong with Spam on the menu! Hawai'ian style food in a quick, clean & friendly establishment? I'm all about it! Service was quick & friendly! Establishment was clean and the food was tasty!!
My breakfast sandwich on the everything f bagel was really good. Came with a side of potatoes. Sitting outside was perfect in this Arizona summer weather but the bird poop on all the chairs was a little disappointing. Friendly staff, if a little slow still seemed like a busy place.
The service is so bad the drive threw takes so long they should not even be classified as fast food I am not sure how it takes them 5min a car just to end up getting everything wrong
Alright pizza at an ok price
Tried this place for the first time by wife's request. It was better than what I thought that it would be. Gyros were good and my wife's Mediterranean salad was actually pretty good too.
Good food, but I can't give it any higher than 3 stars because of the weird ass music the DJs play.
Delicious but we will never go back, my wife and daughter got very sick for a couple of days and the hotel response was that we could not prove it was their food that got them infected!
Stand outs for me here are the kimchee fried rice, bulgogi and Kalbi! So GOOD!!!
Better experience this time than take-out. No meat in our dishes. We made it clearer this time. \n\nDear waitress who constantly reaches over us to fill up waters..please just ask us to pass them to you.
All I can say is, \"Wow!\"  I don't know what else to say about this show that hasn't already been said?  Definitely go see it if you're a Beatles fan.
Nothing exceptional. The line was long but moved along as quickly as expected. The workers were very friendly even with the crowd. It cleared out pretty quick and I was glad I got a seat and wasn't forced to eat outside...brrr
Tres bon service . Portions de repas tres petites , prix tres cher , mezze sans gout beacoup de plats made in  micro onde .
I really wish I could give this negative stars.\n 3 people behind the bar not 1 offered to take our order. A complete waste of a perfectly good lunch hour!
Great location.  Decent food.  Okay alcohol selection.  It is no Fibbermagee's.  It's not what I would call authentic Irish pub, but its a fun commercial knock off.  Better than most selections on Mill Avenue.
Had the Turkey sand. was decent,wife had the spoon salad brown rice soup, she said salad would have been better with more balsamic. The Apple Cider was really good, Menu selection was standard needs a pic me up though, I love mom and pops I wish them well.
It's a Harkins movie theater course it's a decent place can't wait till 2015 when they rip it down and put in a brand-new one this phone will be read built in the one across the street called camelview will also be no more in place of 14 theater complex in 2015 can't wait
These guys were fast, very reasonably priced, and did excellent work. I will recommend them to everyone I know.
This pizza is a classic!  If you visit Pittsburgh, you have to try it.  The shop is not big on \"ambiance.\"  It is a casual little pizza shop with a few tables, very small, very VERY informal.  But, man is that pizza great.  I love the sauce!
Great food but terrible service ! All the servers are complement and could care less .
The oysters were big, fresh and very tasty.\nOrdered the combination gumbo and it was good. Spicy with plenty of seafood.\nThe pan roast looked good, gonna have to try that next time.\nThe only drawback to this place is the lack of seating.
It wasn't terrible but definitely not the greatest either...more or less reliable. I will say that the fried burrata was a pleasant surprise and the cannoli was a winner...and I have eaten A LOT of great cannoli in my day..
Great food and friendly service.  Try the hippie style oatmeal as a twist to the morning
Been here a couple of times. Really nothing special, food is ok at best, more crowded than it should be. I have a friend who frequents this place for milf watching and that's about all this place is good for. Gave two tries and I won't be back.
Good food!!! The Beer is good!!!! To many variances in the serving glasses of the beer! Temperature is a big problem for me beer needs to be colder and so far I really like everything I've tasted.
Great atmosphere in a place where it can be all to hectic! The decor, and food are very good and what you would expect from a Four Seasons.
Well, not a big choice of dishes, maybe 20 at all. And it is not easy to find meat in virtually all of them. But price can beat it all, of course. And they have authentic Chinese Tsingtao beer! ($3/12 oz bottle). And I got a good fortune cookie from them :)
Amazing coaching!  Whether you are a novice or a seasoned athlete you will see results at Crossfit PHX.  I'm not just another member, but rather a part of a community.  I actually know other members by name unlike my old gym!
The burgers and salads are great but the shakes are what does it for me.  I suggest getting the salted caramel shake.
A bit pricey, but delicious.  Love the soup.  Pizza is very good too.
Mediocre. And I'm being nice. Overpriced for steaks that you can get elsewhere. Meat was grizzly. Their 'special' Veal Parm was disgraceful.\nSave some money. Go elsewhere.
Great food, perfect temperature beer!, what to eat and what to drink, its all good so far! Cant wait to go back!
Cool, casual service and the home of probably the best cornbread I have ever had in my LIFE. In my view, you can't go wrong with Mert's. Happy eating!
Open 24 hours and the best chicken tacos anywhere.
Went in with my cousin he got a burger I got a cheesesteak and we both spent most of the night in the bathroom...food was not good! They make a much better burger 2doors down from mikes at phonicia....
Fantastic Sushi!!!!!!!!! IT is rare that I will venture away from sushi but they have the best rolls in town.
Yum!! Rich flavor! Salted Carmel was out of this world!
Unfortunately this place has shut down for good and i'm not exactly sure why. Could it be for health code reasons just like EFS was shut down? If anyone knows please chime in.
As airport bars go, it's not too bad. food is a little more expensive than city pubs but there's nearly always some sort of ale/beer on offer. \n\nCan't go too wrong with this place
Coconuts shrimp with horseradish and marmalade.  Raspberry Point oysters with Mignonette glacee au champagne
Been here three times, seems to be getting worse each time.\nI wish they could make a crispy pizza! The salads are under seasoned but not bad.
My first experience here. My friend had nike shoes on and they didn't let him in. He had nice jeans and a dress shirt on. They let people in with hats and shorts. The bouncers are selective. We were just trying to celebrate my friends bday.  I will never come back. Filing a BBB complaint too.
A wine centered eatery that forgot to serve me my glass of wine!!! That sums it up for me. I liked the study of duck but my server seemed to be on another planet! It's menu is tasty but the one time I visited it just didn't seem like everything was running together.
Our server Gary was awesome. Food was amazing...an experience.
If you haven't had the make-your-own macaroni and cheese, you are missing out. Was a bit nervous going to a cheeseburger place as a vegetarian, but was pleasently surprised at the selection. I always recommend this place to my friends when we are in Old Town.
Sushi not fresh today.  This is the first time so We will try it again.  Calamari very good.
went today was greeted as i entered also asked if i needed assistance when i looked lost and was able to find all things i needed i had a return from a different location they got that swapped in no time this location is clean and staff were way cool i would definitely suggest others visit if you live near this area
Ew, just ew. Worst Subway I've ever been too, nothing but fat people and this place was so dirty and the food was gross and stale, avoid at all costs.
Great place, had the Sugar Factory Burger but the service here was outstanding definitely recommend server Matt to help you out. Definitely on top of his game, Thank you Matt
the small slider burgers were ok not anything out of the ordinary.. ordered the onion ring strips eh.. was not that great and the fried pickles was so greasy
I haven't had a bad hit dog yet. Everything I've tried has been delicious. Service is fast and the fries are the bomb!
Best tortillas in Arizona, not just Phoenix!!! Large, Fresh and sooo tasty. Reminds me of how my best friends' nana used to make. The beans are very tasty and love all the different burrito variations. You can't go wrong here.
Beer is awesome (first timers must do the beer flight sampler) and I have never had a meal that wasn't excellent!   A quick note, there isn't a/c in the building so keep that in mind during the summer months - although that doesn't stop anyone from going, the place is always jumping!
Great food and excellent servers! Will definitely come back!
Love this place in the Northside!, the shrimp and grits are creamy, spicy and delicious, the service is friendly.
Nice place to play and eat.  It is a locals spot though.
I just found out about this place. It is good food at a great price I've always liked Robert o's but this place has better food at a lower price. If u haven't had it give it a try for your self you will not be disappointed.
Best restaurant experience in years of visiting Vegas. Neighborhood restaurant in old home. Great service. Wonderful eggplant Parmesan and chicken cacciatore. Generous portions, no charge for sharing.
Great location. Fine, not excellent, food. The oysters were phenomenal, but the special entree was disappointing...expensive and disappointing. Excellent drinks.
Went there today but disappointed. Dirty park, and dirty water for the ducks. I read in the paper that the game and fish wants to turn it to a fishing catch and release pond, can only imagine how much worse it will get.
Went here during the week for their chicken rolls which are fantastic. Chicken is spiced well and the naan is very fresh. Might be my new go to snack place when visiting wife's family in Montreal. Service was slow, but the food is worth it.
Not bad but nothing special.\nI certainly would not recommend, or go again!\nStates full bar , but wine was only Merlot or Chardonnay \nDid not have nay Asian alternatives to offer. Seemed to want to sell liquor!
LOVE this place. No caveats.  Yummy appetizers at great prices.  Happy Hour (and Sundays) are the best prices downtown.  Every seat in the place is cozy.  If you aren't in the mood for beer or wine, try their ginger ale.
service is very mediocre and food is decent....last visit i had one of the saltiest french dip of my life.....
Great mall. Huge, clean, has real stores real people can afford. If you need clothing in Vegas, pay the cab fare and come here to not get ripped off.
food was really fresh and nicely prepared I would recommend the red pepper hummus but as far as the schwarma is concerned it was just ok but overall this place isnt too bad somewhere between 3 and 4 but to err on the side of caution 3
Just had a \"famous Philly\". Delicious. I am a fan and will be back.
Omg can food take any longer.. There is no one even in here.. Dam now i know why this place has 2 stars..
Bouncer told me I'm not my ID.  Had second bouncer confirm, and looked at the other dude like WTF.  So, you know, eff this place we all leaving.  Owner.  I'm 32.  My GF is 26 and didnt get a second glance.  I will share my opinion with everyone I know.
If you fly US Airways be prepared for a huge line. This Airport/Airline combo doesn't learn or care to learn that they are broken. More machines and a couple more people would help make the baggage/ticket process less painful.
Service was awful, order was wrong and we were forgotten by our server-will not be back as 3 shots your out will spend my money elsewhere
Don't plan anything else for the day if you have an appointment here...they don't seem to care about anything else you have to do for the day.  I waited for a half hour after my appt time and I finally had to leave, that didn't seem to bother anyone there.
There is nothing really special about this place. It's an Irish pub that has French speaking channels in their TV lol.  \nThe beer selection is decent but the food is nothing to rave about. I would recommend this place for watching the Canadians games on TVs. \nI would not come back here if I had a choice.
This is my favorite espresso cafe in the Fitchburg area.  High quality coffee, very nice chill atmosphere, and best of all, close to work.  Plus, they are locally owned and the owners are there regularly working, as well as supporting local artists.  Happy to support shops like this.
Just another casino on the strip.  Very long, and a lot of shops.  Only downside was I felt like I was walking around in a rip off of the forum shops.  They could have gone more original than a rip off of Cesar's.
Amazing! Warm family feel and wonderful attentive staff. I asked for a custom cocktail and was told \"no problem\". Great job!
People here are so mean especially the workers, when me and my boyfriend came here they were making fun of us cos we' re gay. I would never ever come back here anymore.
Food was just awesome; and Scott our host/waiter was the best ever, never an empty drink and great personality. We had the meatballs, pizza and chicken Parm hoagies. We just LOVED being there!
Now this is a real Bagel!  I love this spot...home grown NYC style, fresh, lots of cream cheese, no skimping here.   Owner is a cool guy and remembers you everytime.  Stop going to the chains and support the local man.  Regardless it's better then any other corporate joint...Trust me!
Bizarre location with good food. Don't expect an \"environment\". It's poorly decorated but looks as if there is a rockin karaoke setup there. Still, I liked it.
If you have no taste buds then this place is for you. The food was bland to a point of discusting.  The choices were few.  If I were to compare this place with Golden Coral I would tell you to go to the latter you may pay a little more but you will get taster food.
Great food, great staff that will make anything you want.  All chicken dishes can be ordered as white meat only.
Great food & drinks. Yummy cheese plates. Cozy atmosphere. One of the best places in the area.
Oh so good!  In vegas for vacation and decided one day to have a heavy lunch before hitting the strip; this sounded like it would fit the bill - and it did!\n\nI had a classic this time and can't wait to try some of the others.
This tiny little thrift shop is not the biggest or the best, but it certainly supports a good cause.  I come here to donate my old stuff because it all goes to a good cause.  The ladies who I have met working at the shop are nice as can be and will do anything they can to help.
Best selection, cuts and QUALITY of meats in the city. The NY Strip and delmonaco are outrageous... Now THAT'S what a steak is supposed to taste like...!
Bad food - bad service. The chicken salad sandwich made the roof of my mouth hurt because the bread was so hard and dry.  I had to repeat myself numerous times before they got my order \"right@, then it still came out wrong.
I have been eating at the Firefly Restaurant for many years now and have never been disappointed.  The variety on the menu keeps me coming back and interested and I love to take new people there for inspiration on new dishes.  The service is fast and friendly and the ambiance is comfortable and energizing both for lunch and dinner.
Adorable! I could spend all day in this store! Great cards, gift items, and local art from Charlotte artists. This store is always going to be my \"go to\" place for unique gifts, as long as I live in Charlotte.
Shouldn't take 15 minutes to get a sub here when no one else is in line at the store. Employees were unfamiliar with how to make the sandwiches.
Typical airport Starbucks. Small, with not much room for a line. Very fast with the drinks. The staff member who took my order was very friendly. Definitely a grab and go place.
The service is terrible. The food is only decent. The only reason I could ever see coming back here would be for the beer, and quite frankly, I'd rather drive across town to the Tenaya Creek Brewery. I can say I won't be a return customer
I called Checker Cab at 1:15 PM today and the driver was here at 1:30 PM. Travel was 5 miles cost 25 dollars that included 3 dollar tip & 3 dollar credit card fee. Driver was nice. Overall GREAT experience thank GOD!
Service was poor and inattentive - we had to call the waiters over everytime.  Chicken dish we ordered was really good, but the vegetable curry was truly awful and the veg biryani forgettable.  Ok at best, but quite honestly inexplicable why this restaurant has the rating it does.
Very good place - the food was good - the dancers made it fun - a great place for a group.
Classic Jerry Seinfeld. Made a reservation for SUV. None available. Should have stuck w Hertz and paid more.
Lovely neighborhood, cozy atmosphere. Crowded with people! But i found the coffee is a bit bitter for me. Anyways, it's a nice and warm place for everybody
I just moved to the area and was craving tacos. I probably wouldn't have tried this place if it wasn't for the reviews here on Yelp, but I'm really glad I did. The food was yummy  and the prices were very reasonable. The service was quick and friendly. I will definitely be back.
You get what you pay for,\nfar off the strip, expect heavy taxi fees
We had these two young guys that seemed to be competing to take care of us, what a fun and great experience.  Cody and Marcus keep up the cool attitude and you probably deserve a raise...
Hawthorne's pizza was fairly decent, but *very* greasy (I think they used cheaper cheddar cheese mixed with the mozzarella).  Much more expensive than I'd expected!  Service was polite and timely, though.  I probably won't order from them again.
I passed by this place and just decided to try it. I tried their burger. Man..it was so good. Best bang for the buck. Especially if you're a student.. I had plenty of fries. Completely stuffed. =) Definitely coming back here again.
Great place... my wife and I bring our 1 year old here early evenings.  Fun environment and great food.  The mac and cheese is AWESOME.  Crab dip is really good.  The growler refill deal is good too if you come in semi regularly.   Live music Friday and Saturday at 7pm is nice too!
Pretty decent compared to other places in the area. A lot better than the one by Grand & Reems. I will come here again.
We came here for m bachelorette party and all 15 of us girls thought it was the best restaurant and fish we had ever eaten! I highly recommend this place. Order the spicy tuna pizza! enjoy!
I can only speak for the coffee which was excellent.   The conversation with the owner was interesting, but a bit one sided.
This buffet is sooo good!\nThe ham and everything tasted pretty good!\nYes!\nThey also have no suger added dessert! \nA lot of selection and plus our  waitress was very nice and sweet!
Amazing service, and very knowledgeable. I would come again, and recommend to anyone. Jimmy was helpful--great job.
This place is amazing, it is so worth the walk from the parking garage. Fridays they have all you can eat apps and wine specials. I love tasting 2 ounce pours of various different wines and this place attracts pretty cool people.
Employees a few years ago were wonderful, friendly.  Staff has changed and the new manager was extremely rude.  Went back a few weeks ago and seems like things have turned around (thank goodness this is very close to my house).  Managers are wonderful and the staff great now.
We had the lunch menu and it was great .I am sure I will be back next time in Vegas .
Cheap and tastes good. Ordered the beef wrap and it tasted fresh. The fries seem to be frozen fries though.
Went here on Friday night. fairly busy but we were still able to get seated with a party of 7 pretty quick. I had the 3 Brasseurs sauerkraut and beer sampler. I loved both and thought the prices were very fair here. Ill be coming back here next year for sure.
Fresh Stone Crabs anyone?\n\nIn my opinion, this restaurants is excellent and very consistent and I was happy with the quality. The servers are always very professional, and I enjoy to being served by them. I will be coming back here again and highly recommend that you take this restaurant into consideration for your next meal out.
Prices are great and I love that I can mix and match my own latter/tea creation.  Atmosphere is quaint and quirky!  Wonderful place to go and unwind after a busy day.
It's not made with care\nThe food....\nThe cooks don't know what they are doing... its American food not Mexican
The price is a little high for me.  They don't give enough bean sprouts without asking for more.  The pho broth is a little too sweet for me also
Good selection of effects and used amps. They also have a lot of the 60s lawsuit era guitars and vox, silvertone, Kay, and other second tier brands from the 60s and 70s. The guy working there was helpful.
Not really anything special, service was terrible, order was wrong and staff was not helpful at all.
I'm digging their vegetable tofu pho! To die for! #AnniePho @LasVegas_Now YUMYUM! Best pho place @LasVegas_Places
Slowest service I've ever seen. Severely understaffed. Waited over 25 minutes for food to arrive. And it was slow.
This pool is terrible! They have 2 different music playing at the same time. One from speakers and you can hear base from the topless club above. Really terrible. \n\nYou can't bring drinks into the main pool. Very disappointing
Very clean atmosphere. Staff is extremely nice and I'm always in and out. My teeth cleaning never takes more than 20 minutes. \nDr. Patrick is very gentle but gets the job done. I always leave with a clean mouth and smooth teeth. \nI've been coming here for about 8 years and will keep coming back.
Phoenix airport has some of the worst signage.  People are always getting lost.  If you've never been to this lot, it will be difficult to find and difficult to get out in the direction you want.\nPricing is pretty good.
Great selection of creative rolls. Small family run place.  They have fresh, baked and tempura rolls. electric eel closed down the street, so the place is busy. Service is erratic but they try hard.
Went here for breakfast on our way to Flagstaff. The food was excellent and the service was great even though they were busy. They have a lot of organic and gluten free options as well. Really enjoyed this place and will be back soon.
Green river soda pop, fried mushrooms, and all of the typical Chicago favorites such as Red Hots and other miscellaneous hot dogs are served up here.  I lean towards fried appetizers at places like this and they were just alright.  Service was somewhat slow and I miss the old pizza place that was in this location beforehand.
Service is just horrible, the taller big blond women walked by me three times and didn't take my order.  when i walked up to order she said to me you need to be seated! just rude
I went to this Pei Wei a while back. it was crowed and the foods taste good. I stop going there after I saw the bad reviews on TV channel 5 in 2005. There were 8 violations regarding to their kitchen. \n\nI still like the Pei Wei at other locations though.
Cheaper than Whole Foods but great selection of whole food products.  Lots of bulk and raw, healthier options and they don't seem to carry junk. \n\nI always wind up here when travelling because I inventively forgot something.  I wish Sprout was also in Michigan. I love this place.
Don't move here this place is horrible! The only thing it has going for it is that it looks pretty... There is something always wrong with the apartment. I would not ever recommend this place to anyone!
Meh. The decor is nice, and the menu's ambitious, but you'll get much better food down the road at Il Pizzaiolo. I like this place best for drinks and either appetizers or dessert. Their bananas foster napoleon dessert is delicious (and I am not a huge banana dessert fan).
I started going here when I purchased a Living Social for some oil changes, but will now  be a lifetime customer.  Their customer service is amazing and they are incredibly reasonable on price.  Great place.
As a Vegas native. I have seen/driven past these apartment since I was a kid. However, the outside facade doesn't do the inside justice. They have done a decent job renovating many aspect of their grounds and the apartments themselves provide new school amenities with a 70s Vegas flair.
Beautiful decor! They gave us some free champagne since were there for our honeymoon. The tasting menu is very decadent, with caviar and truffles. If you like sushi, this is the place to go.
I love Pizza Fusion because it is delicious and healthy at the same time!! The restaurant is also Earth friendly which is awesome and so rare. They even have natural soda options as well as wine and beer.
The best bbq that a chain will do. The lunch specials are awesome. The pricing is a little crazy........
The food tastes amazing but the portions are tiny and the price is ridiculously high!
I had the pleasure of sitting on the patio and it was wonderful. Shaded by trees and seats were comfortable. I love the beef taquitos, the Baja ceviche and the strawberry margarita. Tres leche cake is delicious.
This location is a typical DMV. I am really hopeful that the employees are trying to do their best.  This place is often extremely crowded.
Wow....
Really good coffee and service. The daily bakes goods are excellent. Make sure to try their flat white latte!
If you are looking for a cool, outdoor bar with things to do close by, look no further.  Just blocks from the Saturday Flea Market, this quaint and relaxing bar has great appetizer options as well as a great cocktail menu.
food was great but they overcharged me for the bill.  Thought I was paying half what I was charged.
The food is usually pretty good when I go. Nothing to die for but it's pretty good.
Some people bring in their clothes they no longer wear and get their feelings hurt when this place doesn't buy them.  Remember it is your junk, they are considering.  I don't sell my clothes here, I buy them because Buffalo Exchange knows what brands are trending and so I keep buying most of my clothes here.
Like the atmosphere here. The food is great, especially if you want good food, great taste, and watching what you eat. I rather enjoyed the vegetarian dishes and especially enjoy the hummus. Try the trio hummus plate. Yummy!
Taro with boba. Best dessert ever! Need to go 24/7 cause I'm always craving it. Fun place to go and hang out with friends outside of the bar scene.. it's every big child's dream
Middle of the road Chinese cuisine. Nothing too special, appetizers tasted like they were from Costco. The other dishes were just middle of the road. Service was ok, food a little  bit cold upon arrival at the table. \nWould order takeout again, but rarely.
enjoyable show..he sings the hits. I like the numerous costume changes. He has a fab voice. I wish there were backup singers and a band on stage vs one playing keyboards behind the curtain.
As the recession has deepened, people's style of dress has declined in step; therefore, you can bring out your tasteless graffiti clad T shirts & fit right in now.
If your looking for a great pizza this place is worth the stop !  pizza done right perfect Crust & fresh toppings ..
Disappointing, really.  They didn't get our order right and there were only four people in.  The plates and glasses were all chipped up.  The coffee was mediocre and the inside was full of flies.  Won't be returning, but had hopes for this place.
I was strolling around the mall and was craving a smoothie. I believe they were still new but the decor seemed inviting. I decided to try the mango smoothie and boy was that gross. It taste more like medicine than fruits. I don't think I would want to go back and try anything else.
Great food, large portions, will def go to the Chicago Location soon! can't wait to try the chicken and waffles and the stuffed cheese burgers they looked delish at other tables. Service was great and very personable too!
Worst Sunday brunch experience. Nothing special with the food and waaaay over priced. Def expected better. In honesty I would have enjoyed my food better at Norms.
In my opinion, Tin Tin has gone downhill over the past years. Food not as tasty and diverse as it once was, and many items were not hot, even though I was there at the lunch hour peak. The iced tea tasted like instant. For $12, I expect better.
We made reservations on open table & drove here to find out that it was closed on a Saturday night.  We ended up eating at Sedona (2 minutes away) and had an excellent dining experience over there.   Wish I could give you ZERO STARS.
No, no, no, this is NOT the way Korean food should be done. I've come here a few times as a CMU student to try to get a taste of home, but it has always disappointed me. The food here is not authentic at all, and it tastes pretty bad.
Food was great! They did a great job with catering a vegan dinner. Service was perfect! The atmosphere is a bit small and close together.
It is a pretty pricy Thai restaurant. But there is not too much competition for them in Charlotte, so you got to go with it. I just like their mee krob.
The food is pretty expensive for what it is: generic steam table Chinese food. I would recommend other Chinese food in the plaza less you're in a hurry.
This place was great, my brother brought us there for breakfast and it was excellent!
Came here for my birthday and was impressed with the beauty, customer service, and the food.  Great place if you are a \" steak and potatoes\" type of man/woman. :-)
Like a cafe Rio but Hawaiian style. Solid flavors for the meat. Good choice for 10 bucks meal.
This location can hardly keep the cinnamon on top of the cinnamon and sugar bagel. Also, they always seem to be extremely understaffed and have messed up my simple order a few times. \n\nI prefer the location off of Frank Lloyd Wright or Thomas.
We got the pancakes which were HUGE!  You reall need to order one lol  the french fries were amazing!  Strongly recommend them.  Also, the post out front with the candy buttons are scratch and sniff!  Jason our bartender/server was very helpful.  Real nice guy....
Best kept secret! Food is always great. Price are very reasonable. My family eats here a lot.
I do love this place. It is a bit of a tourist trap, but I like coming here, the food is good, the beers are cold and they chips and salsa don't stop coming. It has a great atmosphere and the staff are always happy.
$37 bar tab for 4 beers...really?  Ambiance is not very good. We never go past the beers..the menu is outrageously priced.   No Way.
Trendy, pub with cool UK beer, food selections. Came in for a night cap and got absolutely stuffed by the fudge brownie in a crepe.....it is one dense mutha! Good luck with that biatch!
Terrible service. We were there for an hour and never served our food. We finally left. We were looking for a new Thai spot and this certainly wasn't it. Would never suggest this place to anyone.
Yummy mcyummsters!!
I commend Dave for responding to my initial review and can say he himself does good work as I saw before and after of a friends car he had worked on previously.
Why have this restaurant listed? IT HAS CLOSED DOWN!!!
Very authentic thai food! I had the beef jerky, pad thai, papaya salad and sticky rice ! All were delicious. They offer a huge thai tea ! I took off one star for the location. But I will definitely come back for the service and food.
First off, LOVE the blackboards impromptu art!!! Next, Great view of Vegas and strip! WOW, The quiche wa AMAZING! Real French Fries w/ garlic aiolie- WOOT WOOT
Worst korean restaurant ever!\n1. We still have to wait while there are no other customers eating.\n2. We need to pay extra for side dishes refill.\n3. Bad and expensive.
Ralph always rocks
Best Bahn Xeo and Pho w/tenderloin we have had in Phx or LA for that matter.  Not the best area or ambiance, but food is so good and inexpensive it makes it part of the fun.  Cannot recommend this place enough.  yum, been there at least 10X!
Went with another couple, drinks and appetizers were great but my entr\u00e9e was absolutely awful.
First timer!! Im gonna say after all the hype i thought it was gonna be alot better.... The fish tacos were so dry.... They need to put alot more dressing on and less cabbage!! I would go back but deff gonna try something new.....
Good concept! I came in and order two drinks with $100 bill, they took 10 min to go find change. Good games, little pricey drinks. Love the concept
Pretty good BBQ for Arizona.  The restaurant has a great Mississippi Delta vibe and the food is great.  If you don't feel like driving to Cave Creek they deliver through Delivery.com.
Good food but portion size has gotten smaller over the years.  The carne adovada should have more pork on the plate for the price.
Excellent food and service. Reasonably priced. Not touristy - local favorite and off the strip. One of my favorites in Vegas.
No good! I had sesame chicken and mongolian beef, they were the worst chinese food that i've ever had in madison.
Great service, and delicious food! Always seems to be plenty of staff on hand and your glass hardly ever gets below half full. The neighborhood isn't the best, but India Palace is worth going out of your way for.
Great atmosphere!\nThe tortillas are fresh but extremely greasy. The Guac was average.
Kohls is an amazing store to get lost in, if you have time. You can find so much variety for your wardrobe at great prices. The people who work here are friendly and helpful. There clearance is expensive but I feel that maybe more of a marketing scheme to make you feel good about the price. Either way I love this place
No longer as inspired, service is aloof at best.  I used to look forward to power lunch specials but they seem off par lately and filet is no longer offered on the $25 business lunch.  Last time we ate here, steaks were grisly and tough - quality control?
Went last Saturday night, the first time in a while.  There were 6 of us and we got a big table immediately.  The waitress was very attentive and I was very happy with my meal.  My only compl
Inexpensive BBQ.  Way too much sauce on the ribs.  Couldn't really taste the meat.  I'd stick with the pulled pork.
Under New Ownership. Owner is very friendly and nice. Slight issue with our order once we got home, which she corrected upon our return (we live right around the block) and she even went above and beyond to slip in a free dessert. Thank you! Very nice service. Good Food and generous portions.
\"Open from 9 till whenever\"
Long wait, despite having only a few people dining. Horrid tasting food. Waitress had all the charisma of a robo-telemarketer. IMO this was overpriced garbage. This place makes me wish I had gone somewhere else.
These guys know their stuff.\nI recommend this store to any vapers in Las Vegas.
Good breakfast sandwich.Nice and toasted.
Do you like Monsters?  Do you like good beer?  Do you like Burgers?  If so, this place is for you, heck even if you only like 1 out of 3 this place is for you.  Great, great food with an awesome staff in a fun environment.
The patty didn't even taste good. Ended up getting food poisoning. Will definitely not be going back.
I tried this restaurant based on the reviews that I read about the restaurant but when I tried it .. It wasn't good at all and it's expensive for what they are serving find another lebanese restaurant if you want to try Lebanese food.
Not a bad hotel at all.  It wouldn't be my 1st choice when traveling to Vegas, however, I would definitely stay there again!
Awesome modern atmosphere in a hip part of Scottsdale. I had the AZ 88 Chicken Sandwich. So delicious!! My wife loved the picnic chicken sandwich. This isn't a dressy place, but don't go looking like a scrub. Great adult night out and perfect for out of town guests.
Good beer selection. Great employees. Rad whiskey attic. DO NOT TRY THE SATAN'S BLOOD, you've officially been warned.
Located in a mall, and looked good. Service was a bit slow. Not terribly friendly. French toast was dry, over cooked, and thin. Not very good. Expected more,  but served its purpose. Quick, inexpensive, and average food quality.
Actually got work done here -- yay check it out!
I have been to Gallo Blanco several times and I really enjoy their food. Unfortunately, I have grown not to enjoy their atmosphere!  The place has grown in popularity over the years, deservedly so, but at the cost of long waits and a loud crowd.\nLeave this place to the younger crowd or go in at some off time
My Wife Zakkiyah Walker is in love with this place.  She's been going for over 3 years now with no complaints.  Her lash tech is Darinka Vega and always does a perfect  job!!
I've been coming here with my wife for a couple of years, and this place has been little by little getting worse with their equipment (chairs and foot tubs) The pedicures are awsome, however its no long a relaxing experience.  I ill start looking for a more relaxing place for my wife and I.
Ordered the enchiladas... hardly any chicken and very little flavor... and for $16!  Service was spotty as well. Will not return.   Very disappointing.
Hands down.  The best restaurant I have ever been to in Montreal.  Amazing use of fresh ingredients.  Fantastic MENU and the environment/service was impeccable.  A must!
Just OK. Way too expensive for the mediocre food you get. There's not much else to say. I would say Cracker Barrel is three times better and five times cheaper. Also, slow kitchen here.
Not all you can eat. Sushi was ok.
Great store with great prices. Their take and pizza is pretty bad though. We threw out most of it. The crust was just horrible.
Expensive and wouldn't let me check in. My husband and I went here to get a price check on tires and a wheel alignment, it was very expensive for just one tire. Sorry folks but I don't plan on coming back unless I strike it rich.
Great burgers and salads.  Both about $10 bucks, but the burger is 10 oz.  Try and find that anywhere.  Nice waitresses and I've heard the wings are good too.\nOverall, a good place to watch the game.  The bar seems to be filled with regulars.
Loved this place! The owner is super nice and very friendly! The food was amazing! My husband ordered the pulled pork and I ordered the brisket and both were delicious. The sauces are really good too! I am really glad we yelped this place and will be coming back soon.
I want to like this place as much as when we first tried it, but it seems like the same old flavors, watery, and grainy texture.  Doesn't live up to my expectations anymore... moving on to try elsewhere.
Wow great pizza great food. But they have list there way on customer service do yourself a favor and go to the origanal location were there cool. The lady that runs the flamingo location needs to wake up. Customer service is king I will drive 3 more miles for service.
This place is a great break from the overpriced strip! Very good selection of burgers and other sandwiches. Convenient location with outdoor seating. Great service.
Anna and dr Langford were very nice and helped me out alot! They made me feel calm and in a positive way.I would recommend them to anyone. I am glad my friend sent me here!:)
Absolutely pathetic service! \n\nWTH is wrong with this chain? They all suck so bad  and continually set the low standard for fast food  service and consistency.
This place is great!  After many failed restaurants at this location, we finally have a winner.  I've tried all the coconut milk curries and you can't go wrong with any of them.  It can get busy during lunch time.  Reasonable prices and friendly service.
I will never go back to this place again because their customer service was really very poor espescially the lady who always there.I will never recommend this to anyone it was a bad experience of being here
They put gel on my cuticles both hands n toes. Eyebrows were way too thin. I will never go back here. It's not the ladies themselves because they were kind but they must be blind. This has happened before at other places. Lacquer, polish, acrylic etc don't belong on cuticles.
Went for dinner and food was very good! Definitely worth getting all you can eat to taste all the different rolls they have to offer. My husband also ordered the honey toast, which was amazing!
Well, it's worse than I thought.  One of the teas ended up being over $100 a pound!  And even though I immediately returned everything, the money has not shown back up on our credit card account.  The charge is there; the return is not.  What a lousy way to do business.
Came here while I was in Vegas... totally cool... I just got a shot of Jameson... delish!
I'm very disappointed for the first time with Switch.  The lettuce wraps were loaded with cabbage and very little chicken.  The feta cheese, tomato and cucumber salad wasn't all that great either.  Sorry Switch, not happy with tonight's food outcome.
If you are interested in Native American history and culture you need to visit.     I have been to the National Museum of Native Americans in Washington DC.      The Heard runs a close second in their exhibits.    You should put the Heard on your places to see when in Phoenix.
Customer service is lacking and parking limited but to be expected in the Strip... Irish creme hot chocolate was surprisingly tasty
This place is great. I'm closer to the jimmy johns sub shop they just opened but I drive up here to get my lunch. I would recommend this place to anyone.
Great customer service! Manager came around greeting guest and asking if meal was good.
Normal hotel room nothing too crazy but the service was amazing. And the hotel was very clean.
I like this place.  The prime rib is really good.  I do wish they had more side options to choose from.  The only salad dressing they have is their house or ranch....neither of which I care for.
Very shitty buffet... the fried chicken was an insult to me it had no taste same goes for the mac n cheese,asian food. do yourself a favor and go to the MGM Grand buffet way better.
Nothing here to get real excided about. The prices are ok. The food also is ok
The food is alright, but a little pricey, and it wasn't as inviting as I'd like. Let's put it this way...I haven't gone back since, but think it's a fine place...
Good price it's on the strip and they upgraded the looks of the hallways and rooms it looks a lot better and cleaner
Loved it!  Perfect atmosphere for outdoor or indoor dining.  Great selection of beers on tap, both local and around-the-globe.  The food was delicious and Pam, our waitress, shined!
I wasnt impressed, not to mention didnt feel so hot later that day. The selection was minimal. The highlight was the sushi bar, but they only had california rolls. I wish I have tried the Paris and had their strawberry cream filled french toast....
Tyipical \"Chinese restaurant\" menu and flavour. Environment and service is above average, making overall experience decent.
If you like roaches in your breakfast burritos... You have come to the right place!!! Won't be coming back here again!  Bleh!!!!
I never knew it was right around the corner, thanks Yelp! My first visit was excellent. The food was fresh and delicious. I had quite an appetite so the three tacos were not enough. Luckily, my wife could not finish her burrito. I am sure we will be returning.
I went here today around noon and the place was closed.  No sign, nothing. It was dark, and nobody was inside.  Anyone have any info on why, and is it closed permanently?  I don't understand why there wasn't any sign on the door.
Yummy food, reasonable prices....need I say more?
This place is so delicious. A bit pricey but totally worth a trip. The alcoholic milkshakes are delusion, can't even taste the booze.
If you are a TV star specializing in baked goods, you are expected to deliver great quality and unique tasting foods. This was not quality food, it did not taste unique to grocery store bought baked goods! Sorry but true! I've tasted better desserts!
Big fan of BevMo! Great selection, awesome sales (especially the $.01 sale), and a lot of drinking accessories available. Great place to get your booze!
They can never get the order correct, the management is the worst here. I would give them a negative 5 stars.
This place is beyond amazing. Fair prices, outstanding food. Friendly and attentive staff. The owner is the main host. He is the one that greats you at the door and tells the waiters where to seat you. Everyone always has a smile on their face. Sometimes there is a wait. But I promise it is worth the wait!!
Good food , good service. got my moneys worth.
Rooms were very old they need to update it the casino and hotel itself was not bad.
31 different types of crafts on tap + some wines + great food what more can you ask for! Been here twice in less than a month, and will be def going back. Totally work a try :)
Poor service and poor food.  If I payed 20 bucks I would have been disappointed.  Considering I paid over 100 dollars per person, I was highly disappointed.  They did not even have the air conditioning working until the later half of my meal.  I went here 5 years ago and was very impressed.  After this last visit I won't return.
Food was amazing and the service was better than amaZing. Can't go wrong with some live Mexican music!
Horrible customer service! The cashier that just opened her register didn't take the next person in line, she took the person at the end of the line? What's really going in with that?
Well below average. No napkins on the table... Warm orange juice, and the food was just below average. Good location for our family, but there are better choices, including most of the east mesa fast food joints. Service was poor.
Solid 4 stars. Good atmosphere, great walking distance to everything, decent parking , fries are amazing, menu has something for everyone. A bit pricey. Sometimes understaffed which causes slow service. But all and all a great place and had nothing but good times.
Do not buy a christmas tree from here!!!  We went on the first of December and today saturday December 6th the tree is dead. We water it everyday and i have had better luck getting trees from empty lots that are only here seasonal.
Great service sitting at the bar for Happy Hour...cold drink after a long day and yummy app and pizza!
What a great place to get an awesome burger! The place is super clean and they have a very friendly staff!  Come try them out!
The staff were very knowledgeable of the menu and helpful with suggestions for us first timers. They brought out a sample of their gyro meat which was very flavorful. We would definitely go back again next time we are in Florence.
No complaints here.  Very friendly staff.
It's a Walmart.  It has everything.  Was clean and nice as I recall.  Was in a giant strip mall with a ton of other places.  What, they think they are a KMart now or something?
Great food, great service!  I had the crabby benedict and the banana nutella crepe and both were great!  Will be back to try more things.
Been here twice...i know its a simple sub...but the blt i had both times was really good!
This spa is amazing! Everyone is so nice and friendly. My beautiful girlfriend and I relaxed with a couples massage. Juan was super helpful. Tanya and Angelica were amazing masseuses! I highly recommend this place for any couple looking to unwind. :)
Great cocktails. I agree with others...really LOUD chairs when moved around on the outside patio!!
This is the type of bar that some parts of Edinburgh became unfortunately known for in the past. Pretentious and stuck up where the guys behind the bar serve the most attractive and friends first. Only go here if there are other bars shut
Best Indian store I've been to near Phoenix. Everything an Indian would want, is available here. Sadly it's far from my home. Never the less, will swing by when ever possible.
Came here just by chance and it was great I had the cielo mar y tierra roll and my wife had the tres quesos roll.  Service was great and we will be back again.
Hey Yelpers  stay away from hooters downtown, the service is poor and the food is worse. They treat u very poorly and when u ask management if they can resolve an issue they belittle u and tell u to leave. Never will I go to hooters again, will let family and friends know about the terrible experience I received.
Pretty good fast food greek food.
Okay place, but watch out for the bar tenders who do funny math and ask you if you are sure that you want your change back. I suppose those are 'typical bar-tender tricks', but it's never fun to feel like you are being ripped off. Tsk tsk.
Service and atmosphere was great. I had the short ribs dinner with mashed potatoes and fresh vegetables. It was AMAZING! Top 5 dishes I've ever had.
Wonderful dinner last night, the fish and chips are awesome. Friday nights it's all you can eat for $10.95. My wife liked the small British store for treats and goodies. We definitely plan on being back.
I saw a 4.5 star review for this restaurant and just went there for lunch today. Very disappoint. Food was ok, but service was terrible.
Told is it would be an hour wait, it took 2. They blamed it in how busy they were (which is understandable) However the center council was dirtier than when we dropped it off and we spent $50. We will not be back.
Highly recommend eating in the atrium area! Meal was cooked to specification and flavors were fantastic!
Have visited several times and that will be my last. I don't think they have cleaned the floors since they opened.  The chairs don't work and were sticky. This is definitely not the place for the OCD and it makes me wonder about the tools. Not to mention I could have painted my nails better than this :(
the food was delicious!!! drove all the way from casa grande just to eat here!! service was great !!! our waitress was prompt and met all our food needs !! will definitely come back !!!
Average chain food + good bread = 3 stars\n\nI don't avoid this place but I go somewhere else if I can.
Loved this place! Everything tasted fresh...our fries were a little over cooked but maybe it will be different next time.
Terrible terrible food!!!!! I can't believe it has 4 stars! Chicken didn't look or taste like chicken, not sure what it was. Vegetarian pho smelled like beef. I would never go back even if they paid me to eat it.
Pretty cool stuff. A little funny. Just a funcy circus act with 10x better effects.  Definitely dont regret going.\nI bought two of the cheapest tickets and they were amazing! I was really suprised.
OMG on the natural grilled chicken sandwich they use PEPPER which is not part of the description.  I like pepper but in moderation this was way too much.   If this wasn't part of a catered lunch I would be taking it back. If its not on the description don't put it on!!!!
Fresh and delicious Thai food!
Their burgers are amazing! I had the mushroom burger with a side of asparagus and brusel sprouts, they were great!
3 breakfasts and a late lunch at EoS as we were too laxy and poor to venture out beyond the strip. Sandwiches are good, but for 3 consective days is a bit much, even if you're trying to save money on breakfast.
Nice place to grab a bite to eat and a good beer in downtown Chandler!  They have a great happy hour - $3,75 drafts and $6 appetizers (that are big enough to be your entire meal).  The bartenders are extremely friendly too!
It's Asian fast food. Nothing too fancy. Nothing too exciting. \n\nMy little boy likes the Panda pictures all over the walls and their noodles. Sure there are healthier options all around, but sometimes this just sounds good and is not so bad every once in a while.
Disappointing. Burger was cooked properly but lean and dry. Co\nle slaw was bland and Chili was essentially pork and beans without the pork. Good bar with great selection of tap beers. Sorry. Just not great food.
Pizza fantastic BUT overpriced. One small cheese and one lg combo, one lg salad, 5 soft drinks .. $86.00 + tip.  I wasn't given a breakdown, just the credit card receipt.  Should have asked for breakdown receipt.
My friends and I recently went to Vegas.  We stayed at the Monte Carlo and it was a great disappointment.  The lobby looked super sweet and clean.  The rooms are not up to par.  There were stains on the carpets and stains on the sheets.  Super grody.  Will not be staying here again.  :(
This is how we roll!!???\n\nWTF is up with all of the terrible marketing copy in Vegas?
Had a business lunch there.  The food was awful.  the setting is nice, conducive for a luncheon but don't take advantage of the convenience of the buffet.  Its not much better than a tv dinner.  I have had dinner there and I'd rate it 3 stars.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):\n9 Food\n8 Service\n9 Atmosphere\n9 Value\n\nThe service is very friendly.  The food is very good - an excellent coconut chutney - and their combo meals are well priced and offer up a good variety.
Not much has changed in the last month.  The place is still a dump.  Management gets pissed if you don't spend enough money.  Guess it really isn't worth trying a third time.  The guys that work there don't read their reviews, but you can recognize them from the ones they wrote.
Blannnnnnd like a maadahfockuh! It's a cute place, but I rather go down the street and get drinks. Plus they over ice the milk teas. There is more ice than drink. It's like I take two sips and it's gone.
Nice service and atmosphere, prices so extreme it would be better if I stood outside this place and offered them to punch me in the face and take half my money instead of dining here -  I would end up better off.
The sushi and burger combinations are amazing. The sweet potato fries are very good, but cucumber side I could have done without. Very good service overall.
This place leads the list of tourist traps in Old Town Scottsdale.  It has all the massed produced junk you'd expect to find at an airport store - t-shirts, postcards, cactus - with nothing interesting or unique.  Save your time and money.  It's better spent elsewhere in Scottsdale.
Nothing to complain about but the parking and that's not trader joes problem! Organic and fresh isn't hard to find at all here. Top quality and I love it. I come here all the time and so should you!
Yikes!  Except for the bar and the gift shop, nothing seems to have been updated.  Good things may be to come, but they're not there yet.
Slappers.\n\nDrunks.\n\nCheap paintstripper booze.\n\nAwful music.\n\nViolence.\n\nSame as pretty much any other nightclub then. Awful.
Food is okay, But service is not that great. Only 2 small tables and took the waiter 15 mins just to get water and hot tea.
Great food, killer music, good indoor or outdoor seating.  Service was friendly!  Try the chicken and cheese appetizer dip with the fresh chips!  Its amazing!  I will be back next time I visit Scottsdale!
The prices are reasonable, and the option to get a 16 inch sub is certainly attractive after working up an appetite (or forgetting a meal), but the pizza here simply isn't that great.  There's not much a pizza parlor can do if the pizza isn't good.
Wonderful neighborhood restaurant\nPasta delicious\nSauces delicious\nEntrees delicious\n\nWe found this little gem on group on and have returned a number of times.  We've recommended this to friends with full confidence that they will have an equally delicious experience.  And they have.
Very much like little Caesar's or digorno frozen pizza, tastes really plain, not at all like a real \"mom and pop\" pizza. Will definitely never order again :/
I came here with my boyfriend, wanting to try something new. The service was fine, and the sushi was alright, but my boyfriend and I both felt sick after eating there. I honestly felt that $60 was wasted. My boyfriend and I both agreed we will not return.
Glad I wasn't in a hurry. Took about 75 min. To get our food. The table of 8 who gave there order got food their food 30min before us. We had great view patio seat, but something not right with how kitchen is run.
This is a new cool spot inside Aria, they have great food and a great vibe.  I've been in there a few times and every time their is a good looking group customers and the good service makes it a comfortable place to jam before the club and or a show.   Go see my boy john Venegas.
This is a great \"all-you-can-eat\" place! Although the service is sometimes lacking, the food is well worth it.  A full menu of sushi, Szechuan, and Thai food are included in the price!  Don't even consider Kanda!!
Great spot for shopping and dining.  I usually go around lunch time and so far haven't had any problems finding a parking spot.
Another failed attempt to locate a last minute Halloween costume. The didn't have a lot of interesting costumes to choose from so I didn't end up picking anything up. No one helped us or asked if we needed assistance the entire time we were there.
horrible service! made an appointment, yet still made waiting 1 hour, then kept extending 20 mins, then 20 mins, then 20 mins!!! really?!?!?! if you can not keep the appointment, why overbooked and made people wait???? I ended up walking out
I love lowes but the service here is a hit and miss. The people in the departments seem wonderful sometimes but the management could use help. The lead cashier was so rude to her staff infront of me I called the store manager who only apologized but didn't seem like she cared. Bad service leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
One of my favorite stores for shoes. Wonderful selection. I especially love the clearance section organized by size. Super boot collection and great deals on purses. Self service so very comfortable environment.
Although technically a coffee shop, this is also a wonderful Chilean restaurant; with a large selection of coffee creations (the Mexican hot chocolate is perfect).  My favorite, however, has to be the empanadas, made in the Chilean style with ground beef and black olives and served with house made pico de gallo.
I love Chen's! It's a family favorite. The staff are very friendly and the atmosphere is nice... not too dark or loud, just right. Plus the food is delicious. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu but I particularly love their potstickers.
Gambled & tried out their Slots. Place needs to clean up its act / modernize. Buffet was over priced & food was mediocre at best.
food is great.  service is very attentive.  \n\n\nwhy do they make the female servers dress like that?  \n\nridiculous.  \n\nit detracted from my overall experience.
Just like most Mcdonalds, opened 24/7 and free wi-fi. Nothing particularly special about this one. Recently renovated. It is quite dirty late at night though. Most of the tables are really messy so you end up spending 5 minutes trying to decide which one is the least messy to sit and eat.
This Wal-Mart is in a better/newer neighborhood. It is clean, the staff are usually helpful, if you can find them. It's not too crowded, but sometimes they don't have enough cash registers open, so lines do grow. One of their lines of clothes (NoBo) is pretty bad quality.
We had breakfast at Bouchon mid-morning. \n\nThe staff was accomodating, but, tried way too hard (came off a bit pretentious).\n\nIt was worth a try (we were staying at Palazzo), but, I do not think we would return.
Nice neighborhood Vietnamese restaurant on Duluth. They have a terrace for the warmer weather. The food is your pretty standard Vietnamese grill fare. The specialty is definitely the grilled meats, but the pho is actually a better bargain. Moderately priced and definitely makes for a good night out.
Terrible selection of beer, staff were nothing to be desired, wouldn't return.
Great food. a little overpriced i think, 4 burritos, 1 order of chips, small side of quac. over 40.00 dollars, food was good, i would go back, just couldn't eat there often
I love this place. Fresh, clean, bright flavors.  Very accommodating to those with food allergies.  Don't forget to try the Rosemary-lemon potatoes!
Rick Orr florist is closed. He apparently retired last year. The phone is being answered by another florist.
If you love chinese dumplings you will love this place delicious homemade dumplings a must try
Loved the Pizza.  Loved the service.!  What more do you want?
Cory met me in the mall and repaired my phone on site in a matter of minutes.  If you are busy during the day and need your phone fixed correctly the first time, efficiently- call Cory at Icracked.
This location is beyond frustrating. My family has ordered from here somewhat regularly and the food is actually cooked relatively well. However, when you request garlic butter on the side they only have a 10% success rate for including it within your order. Extremely frustrating.
Probably one of the best places I have eaten in a long time.  Ordered the Christmas Carne Adovada  and it was so good I came back two days later for more.  Everything was great about this place.  It's a must if your in the area!!
So this was our lunch place of choice one afternoon during the RE/MAX convention.  Service was fairly fast.  I ordered the fish tacos ... which were ok.  I've had way better.  This is pretty much what I expect for hotel food.  LOL.
This place is a run-down, neglected DUMP. Staff was not friendly at all, and my room smells like raw sewage, but I don't want to wait another HOUR in the check-in line.
The burger was average the toppings sparse. Service was average. Milkshake was below average.
This is a wonderful Villa style resort just minutes from the strip. I absolutely love the layout of the room. .fireplace, full size kitchen, living area with Closed off bedroom. . feels like a home away from home.
best traditional Chinese food in Montreal!i love spicy!the Fish in the charcoal Pot is sooooooo good!i will come\nback for sure!!!
average, I would have given it a 3 1/2 stars.  decent food, but nothing special.  May give it another try bc I have heard good things about it.
Such a great place to come relax and enjoy and nice ladies night out!! Love love this place
If you plan to go to CSN , be careful if you apply for the limited entry programs , the instructors are not professionals and not helpful , go research other schools , they may be expensive , but it is better to pay more, and have a good experience, than to not be treated with respect .
It's a great place to come and get your hair done very down to earth, I love it you must come and check it out!
I needed to get the mud off my truck after the storm. Mud inside and out. Stopped going here 3 yrs ago because of horrible attitudes and service.  Had no choice. What a nice surprise! Really nice people and I was pleased at the results. \nI even brought my other car in on Wednesday. Again pleased with the results.
For the kind of fast causal place that it is, it deserves 5 stars in that category. Fast and fantastic food!
Has been renamed 95ten, same bad food and service
The food here is delicious :).  It's basic American style burgers and sandwiches with a wide selection. Vegetables are as fresh as they come.  The signature burger was awesome!
The lunch is bad .... It dont be worth the price 30$ ... no way. and the service is soso...\nthe worst thing is I filled 9 (15%) tips because i feel soso but they add the tips to 20% themselves. Asshole..
Top Quality Cigars, accessories and staff. They know their stuff and they don't make you feel stupid when asking questions. It's a huge store and once they get their liquor license, it will just add even more to the ambiance.
Waited 45 minutes for crab rangoon appeitzer. Main course another 35 min after that. Food was not good at all. Will never go back
My first visit to this Starbucks and I liked it. A community table in addition to many 2-person tables and patio seating (too hot/humid to enjoy in August). Another successful by-the-book Starbucks.
Best hangover meal I can think of is a streaming bowl of spicy ramen from Republic.
Digital screen!  I remember seeing Iron Man here at midnight this past summer.  Great experience, will definitely be coming back.
Very Nice place! I like the service! Very kind cashier! Food was good, I got the chicken sub with rice and beens! My friend guy the same! Their drinks come in a glass container! I will be back if I'm in this area! Good job guys :)
We can here on a Thursday afternoon and waited about 45 minutes.\n\nI don't understand what the hype is here.  I've had way better ramen back home.
I like the fresh and easy near me, well kinda near me on Dysart.\nBut after telling a few folks about the place they say they do not find it. So as I was driving bye today, I can see why. The sign is so small and from the street not really noticable. This is too bad.
NOW CLOSED.  3/18/2013  Big red wall closing off Blue Burrito and the Cantina that was attached to it.
My the owner of the company i work for got me a birthday cake from here today I don't do dairy but the fruit was very very fresh!
If you're in the area and like burgers, definitely stop in. Good burger and good cajun fries for a great, affordable price.
Customer service is ridiculous!!' Found a strand of hair in their dosa, and the guy said \"since you've already eaten it, I'm sorry, I cannot do anything!\" Never visiting this place again!!!
The most overrate place I've been too. The hotdogs taste like they are covered in plastic....way too chewy, disgusting actually. I don't understand how anyone likes these. Yuck.
Ordered a large shrimp chow mein and only got four shrimps in the WHOLE thing. Never again.
We went here once because our usual Sunday place was crowded. My tacos were okay, but they completely screwed up my boyfriends order. Their margaritas were pretty substandard which was disappointing. Needless to say, we will not be returning.
As a local who travels frequently for business I was shocked when I called to reserve a cab for 4AM and was told they no longer make reservations. Having to wake up an additional 45 minutes early on an already long travel day to call a cab is ridiculous. Ace has just lost a local that had provided them with rides a minimum or 4 times a week.
An amazing and unique botanical garden. There are a lot of botanical gardens in the us but none quite like this which showcases how beautiful, colorful and full of life the desert really is.
Loved the pretzels and cheese dip.  Our waitress Felicia was charming and lovely.  Had a quick lunch after being at the pool all morning and it was perfect.  Two thumbs up.
Do NOT get Raechel as a teller she is slow. Painfully slow. It took her 15 minutes to do a  1500 deposit that i counted and turned. AND THEN spoke to me as if i didnt know what i was doing when i do the same thing weekly.
The sandwich was edible but not fantastic, which is abnormal for Capriotti's. But, the staff was super nice and friendly which goes a long way for me.
the bubble tea tasted like water, but at about 5$, what a total ripoff!
The staff was nice. But my eyebrows were completely different from each other. Maybe I'm a bit difficult to please when it comes to that but I won't be returning.
Yummy! Loved the Snow Crab.  If you like spicy definitely go a notch UNDER your regular spice level. I normally do hot but the medium was hot for me. Definitely going back. My friends loved the boiled shrimp too.
this is basically the only pizza i eat. it's best when it's extra extra hot. their homemade salad dressings are so yummy. and their marinara is perfect- i could eat it like soup. don't laugh, you would too!
I am from Japan, and know Japense food.  Red Koi is a typical non-Japanese owned pseudo Japanese restaurant.   I went there once for dinner, and it'll be my first & last time to go there.   Food tasted just like food court pseudo Japanese food with much higher price tag.
Probably the best burger I have ever had!  Delicious!
I celebrated my 42 birthday here in September 2013, it was my best bash yet, all my friends had a grand time in a private room with great bottle service! I will be back!
Friendly and helpful staff... Extremely convenient location for Old Town and Fifth Street.  Also, a Keurig coffee maker in the room.  A definite bonus for making better \"in room\" coffee.
Awesome service
The food is good. Don't get the antipasto. Very plain, too many olives. Sat at the bar, service was not great. Over priced.
Amazing, amazing, amazing. After two weeks of foodie frenzy in Montreal,  I am certain this is the best all around restaurant in the city. Perfect service, incredible food, cool yet unaffected vibe. A must for anyone who is serious about food.
Dr. Wellish is such a sweet little man. His staff goes above and beyond to make you feel comfortable and not at all anxious about your surgery. I would recommend this place to anyone looking into Lasik. I've had one eye done to great success. I just got the second one and am feeling good!
Yes - no stars!!  Are you f**king kidding me??  We waited two hours on a Tuesday night!  Hostess needs to learn how to sit people in a timely manner!  Bad news!!
Great food!  We've been here twice in three weeks. Next time I'm ordering angry fries!!\n\nMy only complaint is that the music is a bit loud.  As it is trendy Top 40, it can be a little annoying listening to Rhyanna while enjoying a lovely meal.
Decent food that you'd expect from a local restaurant that specializes in Mexican food. In short nothing to write home about...
The tortilla was good but everything else was forgettable. I am from San Diego and this food is nowhere near the standards that I am use to. It's too bad some people don't get to try real mexican food.
Ling, Is just Amazing.. She will guide you through and enable you to do the best in your life. Highly recommended.
I live just north of the Burger Factory, its always busy.  The menu offers a little bit of everything, making it a great place to bring an office group with  different tastes.  \n\nThe food portions are large and if your looking for a greasy spoon the burger factory might be your place for a quick bite.
I gave YOUR info to ALL the Hilton Grand Vacations Club employees on the 57th floor telling them I'm getting a southwest airlines credit card and coming back to see Sally monthly! She's that GOOD
Good breakfast sandwich!!!
I've been rather disappointed in the McD's I've been stopping in lately, and I remember this being a total dive years ago. Came in for sodas-the staff is nice, the place is clean; then my cousin and I were very impressed at how well the team was communicating with each other.
Delicious food. Vegetarian friendly/ kid friendly/ \nStaff is not friendly and you have to be aggressive to get there attention!
Decent. Comparable to most Chinese places. Nothing great but filling and decent prices.  Service was good.
Probably the worst run business I have ever dealt with in my entire life.
This place is as bad to be expected!\n\nThe monthly fee is decent, however the neighborhood not so much. Also, every time I come here it smells of urine and on very rare occasions people will clean the machines. The manager and staff is incompetent and not very friendly.
Visited Cabo for lunch on a business trip.  Nice presentation, but disappointing flavor.  I probably wouldn't go back...  I'm surprised that stay in business in the trendy NoDa district.
Large selection of food (including seafood), Great price ($5.55 for dinner), Good location/signage--Easy Access, Ample parking.
The theatre is very beautiful, and there is a huge choice in movie times, and  there are arcade games and such while you're waiting. However, I don't like how parts of the theater are VIP seating, and it limits seating, especially critical when you're trying to watch a highly desired movie.
Love Downtown Chandler!  Brewpub was small but able to find seats at the bar. Great selection of really good award-winning beers. Food was fair, service great!
My stay for 2 nights was OK. Kept sending me promotions. Just called to book the offer the resort offered. Said not showing up. Typical bait and switch. Not nice.
Love the stars!  They are the only thing affordable in this place!
Great tacos! Non-assuming place. The real thing.
The best Sushi Restaurant I've been to yet all the way around. The staff, quality of food and service are top notch! I've tried many different All-You-Can-Eat Sushi Bars and so far I have not been able to find another that's remotely comparable!
Options are few, but the food is delicious. The gf cheese ravioli was good times. The trio of cupcakes was also very good.
Einfach die wahrscheinlich besten Hamburger in Karlsruhe und dazu noch ziemlich gro\u00df. Die K\u00fcche ist \u00fcberraschend schnell. Mittags gibt es ein Tagesessen.
I stopped here because I had no choice and I was quiet pleased. I ordered a large pizza and it was about 30$s the pizza was big and greasy just like any other pizza only difference is that it is located in the Venetian.
Research and writing...\nPerk of being a student...\nPlace to hideaway.
This store is great... It's clean and all the employees are friendly
I will say if you just around for a very quick shop this is the place for you. New look,  gleneagles, Joy among others. I rate this a 3 as I've been using the centre a lot lately as that just happens to be where the social case of where my fluttering by has been.
Decent airport, had no problems. Love how there are TONS of slot machines inside the airport. Easy layout. Shitty food, but at least there's free wi-fi, woot woot! Getting to the strip is easy: there are always tons of options available any time of the night/morning.
Open late hours. They come through in time of need. There is a Starbuck's next door open late hours as well.
Filet and eggs were the way to go. The meal was inexpensive (for Vegas) and flavorful. The toast was awesome and while the waitress seemed overwhelmed, she was friendly and attentive.  The food came quick and the place was clean.  Definitely worth a visit if you are in the casino.
Horrible service! Overpriced and dirty! I wouldn't go back to this place and don't recommend it to anyone!
I think it's important to have this type of museum to have a living example of the types of instruments from around the world. I did enjoy the video on what goes into making a Steinway piano and the craftmanship involved in making that instrument. But this was a one and done experience for me.
I have been eating at Rosita's for years, and have generally been pretty satisfied with their meals here.  Portions are good, and even their \"lighter\" size burrito is still big enough to make me full.
I love the food my favorite are the dumplings and the fresh rolls. I also love the crab fried rice. The service is excellent
Less than full soup and no replacements as promised.  5$ a bowl is too much money anyway.  Will probably not return.
The beer and the service are outstanding.  The location is terrible for finding parking if you try to patron this place during peak hours.  The happy hour is a little anemic but if you love craft beer, the pros outweigh the cons.
Too expensive. Go to the clears in the wells fargo buiding uptown
we had a great time celebrating birthdays with family!\nJeff (the manager) was awesome!!!
Treated like a sub human and will not diverge any details due to retaliation from property management.  If you want the details, I will let you know in private PM.  If your identity cannot be verified or you seem to have a new account, due to fear of property management retaliation, I will not share the details of the incidents.
Why do they call this the Hawaiian Marketplace?  Nothing Hawaiian in here.  Being Hawaiian born, I was immediately displeased walking into this dump.  Old, grungy, with cheap souvenir junk.  Stay away.  Outside and dreadful during the hot summer months.
Be careful of what activity is going on when you visit.  DO NOT  for food go when there is a drawing or contest.  Your food and service will suffer greatly!
I've tried this place several times and finally just gave up.  The service is always awful, donuts frequently taste stale, and the decaf coffee always cold.  Despite answering several receipt surveys, this place never improves.
Love their pizza. Takes me back to Marks Pizza in New York. Prices are on par with other non chain pizza place. If you're looking for a northern tasting pizza definitely check them out!
The atmosphere is really nice and quiet and it smells amazing. The food is reasonably priced and it is good. I think it is definitely authentic but I don't think it was my favorite Indian here in Scottsdale. I had the paneer tikka and samosas. Make sure to go easy if you don't like spicy.
This place is great! Very fresh homemade Italian food. Complex tastes not boring at all. Great prices and they deliver!! Very clean and friendly service. Glad this restaurant is here.
We love stopping here for a glass of wine, either inside or on their great patio! Their wine selection seems to change up now and then, so that's nice. I've seen the same servers their over the past few years and they're always super-friendly. Overall, it's a nice local hangout.
Tina is amazing! She really cares about how your nails look! She made mine exactly the way I wanted them and I didn't even have to tell her! My nails look great!!! She is very friendly as well.
Successfully blending the idea of bar food and airline food into one very disappointing meal. A poor choice for breakfast due to mealy/watery eggs, cold potatoes and bland salsa. Even the grapefruit juice lacked flavor.
Great food horrible service. A guy named josh was horrible. He left the sandwich maker all by himself. I felt sorry for him.
Good destination for pizza. Would frequently go there for a slice at lunch when I worked in the area. Nice New York style pizza with a crisp crust.
Good stuff...man vs food atomic wing challenge!
Always good! We love the chow mien. It's like Panda Express, but better.
Was expecting so much more because i love cake boss..... Do not get the cannolis!!!! If anything, get the strawberry tarts.
So so, the barbecue was not anything to write home about and the fish tacos were ok. If your starving at the mall, not a bad choice. Service was pretty good. Another chain joint with chain joint food.
Trader Joe's has lots of interesting, unique, affordable items.  \nIt's a tiny store.  \nHas a good little wine selection.
Food was good. Service could be a tad better.
I really dint care for this place. the music was blah and the out door seating was lame.The only cool thing i saw was the big unit. A home wrecking size weenie some old man was trying to deep throat.
Best thin crust Brooklyn pizza, bestus Calzone I ever had! I recommend this place to everyone, especially if you like a great salad & pizza
Going out of business. Run! Grab all the commercial shelving you could possibly need before the vultures come and strip the place!
Typical local bar, but I'd say it's nicer than most. The drinks are cold and food is descent. The pizzas are pretty good, and even better during happy hour. The wings are good as well. Nice spot to hangout after work.
This is a gorgeous hotel! Everything about this hotel screams luxury. Love it.
I eat a lot of steak at a lot of places and this was easily the best steak I've ever had. It was cooked perfectly, had great flavor (without any garnish), and was a great amount of food. The service was also very quick, professional, and upbeat. Definitely my favorite steak place thus far.
Was not thrilled by the massage or the way that they try to railroad you into a contract. I did not like either one ... They pretend to be the premier place to go but truthfully they are subpar.....   I viewed them as used car salesmen....
Wonderful food in a relaxed friendly area
Overpriced. Bland, boring, mediocre in every way. I can get better Thai curry for 7 bucks back in NYC. Sushi was also very pedestrian. The miso cod was just way way too sweet - not balanced at all. Would not recommend, will not go back.
Wow this place is fun!  The beer is good and the prices are cheap!  It's actually refreshing to come and chill, sing karaoke and play the slots.
Just got my first tattoo today! Mark did an awesome job and was so friendly and patient. I had to take my shirt off for my tattoo, and he was so absolutely professional. I never for a moment felt uncomfortable. I walked away with exactly what I wanted, and I know where I will be going for any future tattoos!
Price is high like every airport.
Food was ok, but way too expensive. It cost  $28 for two people. What bothered me the most was how dirty the place was. Light airport traffic, so no excuse.  I had the Philly cheesesteak.  It wasn't the best or worse I've had.
Boo
box office service sucks!
Glad they closed!!\n\nThey were the worst service I have ever had in my life. The food was good, but the service was horrible.
Quick and fast in and out shopping. I do most of my shopping at Smiyhs, but Fresh and Easy is my stop for meats, produce and pre-made items, they are great!
The staff was friendly!!! I do want to go back and take some classes here!
These guys take care of you. They gave me great service! You need to go see Hanni. He's the man!!!
I eat this pizza all the time when downtown, usually when running around at events like First Night or the Gallery Crawls...not the best pizza I have ever had in my life, but it's not bad!  And I haven't ever gotten sick from it.  Just wanted to offer a different opinion.
Love, love, love this place.  The pizza is amazing, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the dining area is large and comfortable.  I eat there every chance I get!
I luv Zipps for Happy Hour!! Yea Chicken Skewers and a 32oz beer! All that for less than ten bucks on happy hour is a steal, especially in this part of Old Town Scottsdale. Keep up the good work Zipps!
Update:\nTook the car to Findlay service yesterday. Wonderful experience. KILLS Gaudin in every way.....plus the bonus of not damaging my car and denying it.
We have a business networking group that meets here.  Have been coming here every other week for over a year and the food quality is consistently good.  The staff is consistently professional, and the owners Ginger and Mario are welcoming like we were dining in their own home.  I love \"mom and pop\" places.
Very clean and a great selection of books but somewhat overpriced for a second hand store.
There is no better soul food restaurant in Charlotte than La'wan's. The others are imposters! Try the whiting...outstanding!!!
Dont eat here.... Their Hawaiian Pizza has had me stomach sick since Saturday. And the lady that was there was rude as hell. She should have been nice since three slices was 12 bucks not including the $3 tip i gave them.
Served us a raw turkey burger, and there was a cooking string imbedded in our stuffed pork tenderloin, we got an apology and a new cooked turkey burger 15 minutes later, and charged twice for the turkey burger but the took one of them off, how thoughtful... Terrible but the building is nice
The people in the shoe department were very helpful for such a busy day. The clothing department and cosmetics similarly provided very good customer service. The sales are great. I also like that they changed their credit card rewards where you can earn $10 certificates and not just the 10% certificates.
Just wanted to agree fully with Bill (the other reviewer) for his review regarding the event 'Beat the Heat Winterfest'.  I don't understand why this event wasn't canceled when it was so hot with no AC at the facility.  An incredibly disappointment.
Wow this place is crazy.  Crazy bartenders screaming into bullhorns and occasionally yelling at customers to do something, usually a shot, to drink more or to cheer loudly for the girls dancing on the bar.  Fun experience - different for sure but fun.
Remembered it being better at their old location, to be honest I was quite disappointed this last time. Probably won't be back.
Need a great sandwich and excellent wait staff.    Great desserts.    Go there at least once a week.    Highly recommend Flancer's.    You will not be disappointed.
The service wasn't very good. Multiple waiters kept coming to the table to get drink orders. None were particularly friendly . Then when we wanted to order couldn't get the server.  The food was just okay; nothing outstanding.
This place has some of the best pizza in the Pittsburgh area. I love the lunch specials.
I walked in to try the fish sandwich that I have heard so much about but decided not to stay. The smell of smoke is over powering.  If your not a chain smoker, opt for takeout.
As a Chinese, I feel this is the best Szechuan flavor in Phoenix, better that Szechuan Palace. However, the service and environment is not so good. And I find the cucumber and fish are not fresh for  twice.
Great place for a group of people, especially in the summer. Food is good, wash it down with the Brooklyn!
Lot this place! Bring a sharpie when you go... it may sound silly but trust me!
Not good. Olive oil a little bitter. Margarita pizza was blah. Crust was way too thing and droopy. Fried veggies were ok.
Horrible club!!! We were escorted out on my birthday for asking to talk to the manager! I will never go back to that shitty club again!! I hate everybody that works there. Thanks for ruining my birthday! POS club!
The filet was delicious! Best service from a Brazilian eatery in quite a while. 3rd time I've eaten here...the service and food continues to improve.
What happened to the quality of their sandwiches?  Bread is no longer toasted or grilled.  Flavor is not the same.
I got the Tai Pho and it was very good and came in good proportion. Not the best pho I have ever had but, it does pass for a good dinner meal. The restaurant is very nice outside and inside. Our waitress was very lovely. There was much to complain.
I am new to the area and this was the first place I went for a drink. Amazing! totally chill and the drinks are awesome for the price. The bartenders actually get to know you
Way overhyped . The only good thing they had was sushi . The crab legs were dry and way over cooked so they lost all flavor. Everything else was mediocre at best . Excalibur and Fremont got lot better buffets then this one for a lot less cost .  Avoid at all cost .
My wife and I love coming to Pei Wei at least once a week.  Food is always great and service is fast.
I saw a P.A named Micole She was nice and attentive I woke up with my eye swollen shut turns out I had a clogged gland I think She did well
We had a great dinner. Food was good , but staff could use a little attitude adjustment. Overall everything was to be expected.
I really enjoy this place. The chicken and steak are well seasoned. The rice is full of flavor. Great portion sizes.
Excellent stay.  Clean rooms.  Friendly staff-The lady at the front desk Friday and Saturday during the day-I forgot her name but she was delightful to work with.\nGreat value for the money and location,location, location!
I have been bringing my cars here for the last 3 years. In my opinion they are honest, quick, and knowledgeable. I have even begun to have my oil changed here (schedule an appointment) after some shady experiences at Pep Boys. I don't feel comfortable taking my cars anywhere else. Best automotive shop in the East Valley.
Great little place with no time limits and lots of fun. Friendly instructors that allow you  to work at your own pace. Great byob for a relaxing night! Loved every minute!
No free breakfast, and the breakfast bar was closed because the didnt have enough guests to run it. Charged 14$ for overnight parking. Rooms were nice enough
Terrible service again... Overpriced average food. Uninterested staff... This was my last time here...
worse excuse for beef noodle soup.  just disappointing.\nsoup was off-flavor, nothing close to Taiwanese\nnoodles were soggy, \nmeat was overcooked like you left it in the broth cooking for awhile
Really unique spot. Vapiano has a real modern feel. I've only had the pasta dishes. They make the dish right in front of you and you can customize to fit your needs.  If you haven't experienced Vapiano's I recommend a visit.
Decent breakfast spot. The hairnets are a little creepy.
Bad service !! Ordered online 45min prior to driving to place and they had no clue about my order and forgot to put it in ! Bad costumer service ! Decided on just canceling order !
Somewhat slow service and the food was only so-so.
Orgasmic tacos
Wonderful Assortment of Sushi and Sashimi.  Very disappointed in Oyster Shooters, though.  We will be back.
Worst customer service ever. I kept asking if someone could check me out, and I was ignored for a good 30 minutes.
The best show EVER!!!!
Limited menu and very poor service in the restaurant area. More atmosphere than anything else. The outdoor patio looks great for hanging in the cool months.
This food is poison don't eat at any red lobster
I purchased a groupon about a week ago and I made my appointment without any issues today. Brandon was great! It was a lot faster this time around which I am very happy about! Overall, great experience, not sure what all the negative reviews are about but maybe they changed up staff?
I was really surprised to see that this placed had 4.5 stars, which was why we tried it. The food was not good and the fish did not even seem fresh. I would not recommend this to anyone. Don't be fooled by the reviews.
Ok service. This store is still obviously confused by the corporate mandated changes in their internal process. There was a line the whole time. The service was rushed and I couldn't say that it was friendly.
The info for store hours is not correct.\nM-Sa: close at 9 pm\nSu: closed at 8 pm
Don't let the smooth name fool ya,,, the hotel was cheesy.   They took out the mini frig  and the heater was so loud I could not hear the TV. No extra blanket in the room , not unless its free, I will not be returning
Poor customer service. Excellent bagels. \nA restaurant shouldn't solely be reviewed on the food they serve alone. That is why I gave Hot Bagels on 59th Ave 2 stars. Although the bagels are amazing, the customer service is very poor. Next time I will send in someone else to purchase a bagel for me.
We love the Pita Jungle.  What's not to love.  Excellent food, extremely reasonable cost.  Heavy wine pours.  We go every time we are in town!
Love the $3 pints and $6 appetizers during happy hour.  Friendly staff and a great bar to sit at.  Try the $6  happy hour nachos.
Tina is always helpful and the flowers are gorgeous. I recently ordered a birthday bouquet for my assistant. It was delivered less than an hour after I called and she loved it.  Tina and her staff are great at creating beautiful presentations at exactly the price point I set every time. I use Campus Flowers for my personal and business floral needs.
Heads up: This McDonald has higher prices for kids meals compared to other McDs in the area. Also,  our food was over cooked and wrong 2 times. The staff was nice and walked around to check on customers as they were eating.  The dining area was very clean and with great temperature. The prices is probably a reason to avoid coming here again.
Overrated. Even 3 stars makes me think so.\nFroHo. no thank YO!\nGet a chocolate shake from In-N-Out instead! haha. sorry.
Love their food and drinks! You will love this place its amazing. The restraint has a nicely modern and cozy feel. Great service and stands out tremendously!
Nice decor and super nice wait staff but a bit over priced.\nAppetizers  and roll dishes were good as expected but we were pleasantly surprised by how good Kobe slider was.
Went there for a company dinner and was able to sample an array of food. Everything I tasted was excellent!
Room was clean.  Hotel needs to be renovated.  Food was too over priced.  Hotel staff was friendly.  Overall, I enjoyed my stay.
Beautiful resort!  They did a great job with the dance competition.
Multiple not good experiences, tea is not so great. To be fair all my friends like this place.
Awesome tapas, drinks, mood and most importantly the service. We had small group that expanded to 12 people and they were very accommodating.  I would come back to this restaurant every time I was in town.
Confusing on where to dine its 3 floors. Bartender was awesome
It is in the weirdest area!  But the food, good!  Had the shrimp and carne asada tacos, the beef was a little tough, but the shrimp tacos were yummy!  Best part, eating all the guacamole they had out, yummy!!  It's worth going back ::-)
Went here for a snack and grabbed the potato spring rolls. They were pretty good. They were filled with cheese, sour cream and god knows what else. Pretty much a baked potato in spring roll form. They were good. Nom nom nom.
Pedicure was ok .. Don't waste the money on the leg message could even tell she was touching me.. Pretty weak effort on her part reflected in her Tip!
had an ok kale salad and tandoori flavorless salad\ngreen smoothie they had was bleh\nnever coming back
Great Instruction and class. First time here and they made me feel very welcome. I really liked the class and will definetly be back for more.
The food was great and so was the service. I ordered the Newyork Burger and orders a soda from the wall of unique flavors and brands, I definitely recommend it. The food came quickly,  the only thing I could say wrong was the trash area needed some cleaning.
Wasn't a big fan of this place at all. Didn't live up to the hype. It is very much a you don't like it, there's the door. It's a fun environment and everyone is very friendly but the food wasn't that good. Check out the website before you decide to go.
Cute place, embedded in the neighborhood.  Comfort food but done to a higher standard than any diner.  Wish it wasn't 20 miles from home.
i been here before in the past i like this hotel a lot and its not to far from the strip the rooms are amazing and has a lot of space good for families and big groups has everthing you need waser drying refrigerator stove dish washer  ect... check it out when you come to vegas
The chicken fried steak is awesome! My favorite though is the potato pancakes!!
The yogurt is very creamy and good but they're slacking on the toppings compared to Zoyo. But I mainly gave Orange Leaf a lower rating because the staff are not friendly. I sometimes go just because it's close and it's a little cheaper than the other froyo joints.
Very good mexican food. I had a mini burro which was actual good. Also the taco and enchiladas was yummy. Cheap price and great food. Best on in the chandler area.
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork. The corn souffle was good but the potato salad tasted like mediocre store bought. For the price I expected much better.
all around solid mexcan food restaurant. if you're looking for authentic though I'd look somewhere else this is Caucasian style mexican food.
I had a 7:30 reservation on a Monday night.  I did not get seated until 8:15.  At 9:00 no chef had come to cook for us. I had already complained to the manager once and he did nothing. Finally my family had to leave as we had hungry young children.  I am so disappointed and will never go here again.
Not much on the menu. But went during happy hour got pork belly, shrimp and bacon, and crispy spring roll. Really enjoyed the pork belly.
i was going to star of india and i ordered shai panner,chicken karuma and garlic naan. so goooood i love it so much\nmy favorite resturant n phoenix
Food here is just a novelty. It has no taste. I had the sage chicken, eeehhh, not much flavor. Uncle had chicken pot pie, no flavor either, plus the crust looked like a flying saucer on the side of the plate. If your going to get anything order breakfast. They can't ruin that right?
This place is amazing. Great owners and great food I eat here atleast once a week and in never disappointed. Fresh food. The meats are great. It's food you won't find like anywhere else near. Highly recommend.
Average little place , not great not bad. Liked the steak pie. Little over priced but if you want a cup of Joe this place isn't bad.
I saw this show second time yesterday! It is really one of the best shows in Las Vegas as for me, I love the music and performance in general! The stage and decorations are amazing! Love it, love it, love it !!! Highly recommend!
Reminds me of the best Chinese food I've eaten in New York and San Francisco.  Cumin spiced lamb and the ma po tofu are special favorites of mine.
I had a great time here , I will explain later on , when i am certain of all the details ....
Got to love a repair shop that will keep their word and fix a warranted item. I will absolutely return again if any of my cars have a problem. Excellent work. Thank you.
I had the rib eye steak and the crab claws.  The food was excellent, but on par for Las Vegas standards.  Service was excellent and fast.\n\nThe crab cake was tasty with a small portion.
Good food but service is lacking. Servers and bartenders arguing over seating in front of customers.
You better ask for the things you would normally would expect from any other location,  napkins, fork,  straw, cocktail sauce.
Worst hotel in Vegas. Took one hour to check in. Balcony door wouldn't even close got to listen to club music from outside all night long. Would continue writing but there are plenty of other reviews here. I know at least it's cheap right? Not worth it!! Go anywhere else!
$20 minimum on delivery. Way too high when considering other delivery options in the area. (In a college town. lol)
Blah. Mediocrity at it's best.
Fresh microbrew is sweet. The brown ale was the best. Atmosphere is cool. Bartender was cute. Food was not so great  I could have made that chicken quesadilla at home in about 15 minutes. It was pretty cheap tho...$8.85
Very friendly staff and good atmosphere.\n\nHair in baked potato/cabbage and rotten lettuce in Sausage and Eggs sandwhich, not so good.
Epic $10 happy hour burger.  Seriously....  Great staff.  Absolutely recommend on Sun-Mon all night happy hour.
Love this stadium.  Very easy to get into, fun tailgating, lots of entertainment inside.  I love the Walk of Fame and the live music.  I can't get enough Quaker Steak & Lube fries.  The lines to the ladies room aren't ridiculous and the fans are so fun!
The food is just ok.\nThe burgers are really salty & greasy. Other than the salt, there is no flavor.\nThe fries are salty too.\nOn the plus side, the service is good. The employees walk by & ask you how is everything.
It was good but parking sucks and the chicken looked pink and I asked if it was ok to eat and they said that's just the way the chicken looks. So we will see if I get sick. Also they had problems with their soda machine.
The food is great for lunch. Huge portions, pretty cheap. Best are the Chicken fingers (enormous, 2 is plenty with fries) and the \"Godfather\" sandwich (also huge). Drink specials at night are super cheap. I think they have $3 pitchers every night.
Words cannot describe the great flavors of their items. This is a 'must try' place.
Not the greatest selection,  I was charged over 10 dollars when the reviews I read stated it was under that.\n\nThe service was nice but not worth coming back. They should have a bigger soup selection. Also on the taco meat don't add so much cumin...that was brutal.
Dr. Greenberg is very helpful and knows his stuff. The staff are always friendly and the prices are very reasonable if you are cash pay. Definitely would recommend this dermatologist. They have a lot of products and services. Great location. And scheduling is usually really flexible.
Love the fish and grits! Best in Charlotte!
I went to college in San Diego and Whatever-Berto's were always a good choice.  This one in Vegas is really similar.  Portions are massive and price is cheap.
Our burger was good. Pretzel roll was soft.  Service was good. Food came out quick. Milkshake was thick & yummy. French fries were fresh cut, thin & just warm. Not my preference.
I have come here multiple times on trips to the area. Service has always been great and the food is top notch. On the last trip I ordered the Chicken Fajitas and they were great. I would say it is a must try.
Loved it! Tasted awesome & wasn't too expensive. Ordered five plates of meat (1lb each) & three sides & only payed $85! Split between 5 people, wasn't very much money! If you're in the area, give it a shot!
The soup is so normal....I don't know why this place so busy..... And no service at all...best pho in Montreal for me...it's pho mymy...not pho bang!
This place sucks!  I wish Canters would come back.  Same price as Canters (~$15 for a sandwich), but at a fraction of the size!  That is totally whack!
My regular pharmacy! Darcy the pharmacist is the best and gets your Rx filled in 20 mins. or less. Fast service with a smile!
This location is not the best in the LV valley, but the burgers are juicy and made to order. My only complaint is that it is bit over price. Not sure I would ever order the XXXL burger. It might be too much burger if that is even possible.
Giving this course 2 stars because it is not very interesting outside of a couple holes, even though it took me to task because I could not get off the tee box. The greens were incredibly slow. One additional star for the the staff, all very friendly and helpful.
Taller than the one in D.C.? I think so!
this place is dirty and the food sucks
Great hot chocolate, too & no complaint if you hang out for 2 hours like we did one late nite as did some other group....  The iced huge 32oz drinks are fab when it's hot.
great! awesome! tasty ! fresh! i can go on forever I tried it for the first time about a month ago and now I'm kind of addicted. Their bowls are fresh and made on the spot making it all the more delightful experience. The place is always very clean and the employees are very friendly as well.
From the 1hr25min check in to the dirty room...would I go back, when hell freezes over.
I love Firehouse subs, food is awesome and they always remember my name which is awesome customer service.
soup, salad and breadsticks. Always good:)
Fun time, the food was much better than the last time I was there which was 15 years ago.  It is Diner type of food, authentic atmosphere, genuine in the sense that it is preserving some history.
The food is really not good.
Place is awesome.\nVery clean and friendly service.
Stopped in here for a drink and a couple appetizers.  The salmon tartar was pretty good but the other salmon appetizer was just okay.  I had the mojito which was not bad, but not stellar either.
Atmosphere and service was great. Appitizers were good. For dinner We ate the pork tenderloin and a ravioli of some sort.  Both tasted good with the pork tenderlion being the best.
ok so i LOVE Slices.... but the one in Tempe Marketplace stinks... everytime i go in there, they are rude. I prefer the one on 6th - they are so much more chill there and the atmosphere is cooler.
I was in Austin Tx last month for a long spa weekend at a well-known resort, but Nathan's 90 minute massage at n8 touch was better than anything id ever had.  i haven't been to the chiropractor there, but I'll definitely be going back to the facility as long as Nathan is there.
Average pizza.  you can get better from frozen pizza. chicken wings  are not good.
I was not impressed. I loved the idea of created your own salad but not of paying extra for a small ramikin of salad dressing. I also tried the sliders and they were okay. I'll stick to Red Robin if I want a good burger.
rude staff they we're more concerned with hanging out with friends then helping customers.
I'd come back for breakfast but we sat inside and it was SO LOUD. The clanking of dishes plus the ambient background music was too much for the ears.  The food was better than average and service was great.  Will probably try and get an outside seat next time.
Well I went in here looking for gifts for others, but only came out with stuff for myself....hummmm something is wrong with this picture! \nI love Ross stores, I shouldn't have even started looking for stuff for me, it get's me every time!
Great location inside the mall. Very quick energetic employees. Place seemed a little dirty around the soda area. Could use a cleaning when your that busy. But our cheeseburgers were amazing. Good job everyone!
Sushi was really good! However they lose a couple stars for cleanliness. They need a good cleaning/dusting of that place! I look up at the lantern above my head and its FULL of bugs and dust. Hopefully none of that dropped in my food!
Great lunch specials. I'm always a little nervous about ordering Thai food and it being too hot. After talking to the waiter he suggested a \"3\" and it was perfect! \n\nWill be back.
What sort of fried chicken fast food joint doesn't have a spicy chicken option?  It's absolute insanity.
Perfectly okay pizza
Holy hell this place was terrible. The food was just gross, limp fish and the service was bad. What made the whole thing worse was I was starving. What a waste of $70.
The employees are always friendly and personable. Quick service, good value and the best fries out there! Hard to beat.
I had a very nice steak and honeyed Brussel sprouts with bacon at the bar.  Very attentive service.  But the prices cost it one star in my book.  For those prices, I expect perfection, and it wasn't quite that.
I love this groomer.  They are a bit pricey but the owner is dedicated to keeping customers happy.  They always give us what we've asked for and the few times I wanted something done slightly different (cut a little shorter, etc), they've been happy to accommodate us.
Sad to say, our beloved trainer is leaving this location. She'll be managing their new facility at 91st and T-Bird. Good luck, Maya!
Show was great, but the language was terrible. Songs were incredible, but the frequent F bombs made me uncomfortable. Would have given five stars had it been a little cleaner. Over all, great show. Don't bring kids though.
Love the coffee, teas and smoothie! Worth the wait but the music is too loud. Love how they have a stamp card, your 11th drink is free!
I was in town for a conference and found this place on Yelp. Great pour of Steelhead Pinot and awesome crab cakes! Be sure to check for the 10% coupon.
We decided to try this place for a nice Saturday afternoon lunch! I was very disappointed with my burger. It lacked any type of flavor. However, Kevin really enjoyed his chicken & dumplings. I probably won't try it again with all the other great restaurants in the area.
Tried to get my nails done here for my romantic get away with my husband but apparently the four people sitting on their asses were to busy doing that to bother with a client. I will never even attempt to go back
This locally owned place has quite the selection in what they have to offer...loose tea,spices, oils. Even have vanilla beans! They seem to take pride in their store and love what they sell. I got a good spice for chicken last time I was in. Defiantly check it out!
Agree with Darren.\n\nI popped in to Pizza Parma for a slice of pie.     The slices were large, hot, and passed the stand test for New York style slices.\n\nI will definitely go back for their pizza.
Great place...just look for the deals...or download the app and use your 40% off coupon. ..best place for home decor and arts and crafts
Very friendly guys. They have things for those who take it seriously and also a lot of funny things. Must visit if you like zumbies.
Love this place! The owner is very nice, tons of classes, clean, big studio. Zumba with Melinda is fantastic!!!
We always have fun at Fremont...cheap beer and cheap entertainment. This is where I make up for most of the money I loose on the strip... I have great luck at the blackjack tables.
Great spot. Clean, polite, affordable: First time visiting. Awesome strawberry-banana-Nutella crepe!  I will be back
Hate hate hate going to this pharmacy. Staff constantly blaming anything to avoid responsibility. I ordered my refill on the computer for pickup Monday. Today is Wednesday & despite showing them the order confirmation email they still claim my refill was never ordered. This is just one of many examples. Will drive out of my way to avoid this store.
Pretty good service. The appetizers were amazing and love the happy hour!! Bartender and hostess were nice!
Out of all the Korean restaurants I've tried in town this one has the most flavorful food . Can't honestly give it more stars because the service SUCKS! You might as well be invisible. Had this happen to me every time I went so unless I'm just that unlucky, expect it to happen to you.
Stopped here for a quick lunch and was pleasantly surprised on how good the Sliders and the seared Ahi Tuna was. Tasty, tasty.
clean and friendly. What else can you say...\n\nI diddd buy some filet mignon that was at a price that made the food even better ;j\n\nR\\_
Great food bad service at bar waited a hour to get bill. Suppose to be happy hour and when got bill was told that they don't have happy hour
Since my daughters favorite food is sushi, this place has become a regular place for us. We've been coming here for a couple years now and love it. The staff is nice, and the food is good! The specials are almost always a welcome surprise! \nWe can always count on getting a quick bite no matter what time.
Slow service,  average food.  In fact, I had a 100% better Cesar salad at pub in Seattle. Lame. The restaurant itself is nice and the bar area looked pretty lively.
CUPCAKES is pretty much all I have to say here. They have good coffee and lots of other menu items that I haven't had. Though, the other day I had a chocolate croissant and it was probably the best one I've had in awhile. Picture proof below.
Beware of the flyer that the cleaning staff leave in your room called Pizza Bella - don't order from them - expensive and tasteless food.  No one ever offered a complementary drink in casino - like they do in other hotels. Average rooms. No wifi!!!
This location is fine. Not the best I've been to and not the worst.
Regional Airport Awesomeness.
Food is always way over cooked or makes you sick. Health Inspector needs to do a field day here.
Food was okay. The grumpy Asian cook at the sushi bar needs an attitude adjustment. He was rude to the people at the bar. This place would be better without this guy.
Amazing food descent prices will go back in a heart beat....
I love visiting this cafe with my family! It's so inexpensive and the portions sizes are pretty good for the price. I love their butter and jam croissants and cakes. The staff are friendly and the cafe is very clean.
I have tried to love this place many times over.  As far as food goes, not on my list but the service is great!!
Great food, terrific service, reasonable prices. I definitely recommend.
Sehr lecker.  Das buffet hat eine riesen auswahl, alles war sehr frisch und die bedienung war freundlich
This service was fantastic!  We not only got right in, but were sent text messages from each of the clubs reminding us the day of.  When I texted Chris about getting a limo one night, he responded immediately, AND his driver called me within minutes.  I will recommend this to my friends and definitely use the service again.
Enjoyed another GNO with Gen, Shar & Alice!  The bruschetta is always delish and I found a new summer favorite wine, Moscofilero!
I went to this hotel to gamble and the staff was unbelievably rude. I went to sign up for their player's club card, they asked me where I was staying and proceeded to outright insult me. It is a very nice hotel but if you don't appreciate being insulted by classless snobs then stay away.
SUCKS SUCKS SUCKS. Cold, terrible food. They give you no meat. They overcharge everything. Employees are rude. No hot sauce. You're better off at Taco Bell.
Pretty good selection, they don't sell hotdogs here and make sure you check the date on some of the beer.
Love the food and feel of this place. A well hiden  jewel I've tried about 90percent of the menu and it all rocks! There is a wait for lunch but well worth it, the flavors that just dance in your mouth are great!
Super expensive for super underwhelming food. Kinda stupid decorations too, and lots of rain storm effects. This place could have been really well done but its like a Disney knock off.\n\nI ate here with almost 30 people for a business lunch and the servers couldn't really keep up, it was way out of their league
Had a great time!  Great to see Jorian of Sierra Gold!  Great service, enjoyed the food.  The place was buzzin' with energy, good vibe!  Oh, & i won $30!
If you like olives, you have to get the fried olives stuffed with sausage!  I had the braised short rib and it was fabulous, hearty and fork tender.  Giving 3 stars because the prosciutto pizza was not that great.  Just needed to be cooked a little longer and not enough flavor.
Great place!  Very reasonably priced.  Big, beautiful rooms.  Comfy beds.  Quiet.  And great restaurants and shopping surrounding it.  I would go back in a heart beat.
My experience here was the best I have ever had in Vegas. Since I'm pretty new here I have been searching for a nail salon and I found a keeper. They have amazing service, great technicians, and just an overall comfortable experience. Everyone should go here
2 words. best bakery! that is all.
good food d prices but not to hefty om the portions
I've seen the customer service here decline each and every time I've been here over the last 2 years. They will disrespect your time and refuse to explain the delay. I tried to speak with the branch manager who did little more than offer a hollow apology. Not likely to return.
Our waiter was never really around , My favorite was the tomato Brushetta omg amazing!! the view was very good!!! i had Clam luguinne with white wine sauce , had no flavor was kind of dry but it was OK.!! went to the one in crystals
awesome BBQ. food was amazing. service was good. good place for small or big groups
Great Sunday brunch with my lovely wife
Beware how much $$$ you give the bartender, likes to shortchange ya! Never that drunk that I don't know how much I am due back :(
daily tournaments !! is a plus.. but the location on the floor  and set up is garbage..
This was a very good BBQ spot in Las Vegas. We ventured out here to get some non-Casino buffet food and were pleasantly surprised. The service was very friendly and knowledgeable. Would definitely return if I had a rent-a-car and was in Vegas.
The wait is worth it for the scones alone. Sweet or Savory any flavor. Their lemon scones are a taste of summer that never fades away... a ray of sunshine in every bite. \nYour going to want to pick up extra for later.  CASH ONLY!
Most authentic tacos outside of Mexico. \nNevertheless, #SrGORDO please fix your ordering system. Long lines ruin the experience.
Found this place because of Groupon and glad I tried it.  It's a bit in the \"Hood\" but if you like a variety of food then this is the place. I haven't had the pizza but the chicken and catfish is great. Love the garlic knots.
I love this place. I refuse to have pizza anywhere else. The people are awesome, slices are huge! The tomato sauce is freaking fantastic, cheese is fantastic, pepperoni FANTASTIC!!!!
Sorry I live in the neighborhood and have been waiting to try out this great place. Must have been an off night the Rack of Lamb was tasty but was not evenly cooked and the risotto was mush. I'll try again cause we support local.
Arguably the slowest ups store I've been to. Took 9 minutes for one employee to ship one box and 8 min for the other employee to ship a letter. It was kind of amazing to watch. If there's any other ups near you, try it.
Food is average but better than some other local places. Found the service to be sub-par. Based on some of the reviews I expected much better. With an improvement of service I may have given 3 stars.
Food is awesome. I had the Prime Rib Dip, and its for sure the best dip sandwich Ive ever had. Cozy little bar, friendly staff- Ill be back!
Some hot coffee please!! I've had warm coffee served to me about as often as I've had hot coffee served to me.
1 star is a compliment for this place. The service is literally terrible every single time. Servers don't check on their tables, they don't introduce themselves, and they never look happy. Not only do the servers suck, the entire rest of the staff just seems unhappy and rude in general. Avoid this location.
These guys have the right attitude when it comes to product and service.  They are consistently top notch.  Their people are well trained and always very friendly.  Dutch Bros is easy to give a 5 star rating for their great coffee and even better service.
Excellence in all aspects of a restaurant. Food was excellent. Service was excellent.  Not to be missed: the Eggplant Rolatini appetizer and the cannoli, (insert vulgar descriptive word here) AMAZING! Eat here, you wont be disappointed;)
Great deck view for late afternoon/eve drinks and dinner. Less cost than nearby other places plus you can sit outside here.
First time here. Food and service were spot on. Definitely will return
A CALIFORNIA BURRITO is not chicken, pico, rice and beans. It is carne asada, french fries, and guacamole. Nevertheless, I ordered a green chili burrito and it was fabulous.
Love their PAD THAI!!! Can't wait to try the other items...
Awesome place!! I never write reviews but this place is worth the effort. The salsa was amazing and I didn't even eat the other three types that came with the meal. Great service! Inexpensive! Great staff! Clearance clean! Everything was fresh! You have to try this!
Place is open and nice. Seating is comfortable wherever you sit. Only problem was we sat at our table for 15 mins and I'm not sure but there was nobody to wait on us. I figure we needed to go to one of the two bars to order drinks but noticed one bar had nobody there. We finally just left without ordering anything.
Very friendly staff. Great personal service. I needed a minivan. They offered a journey but the inside height was not tall enough for items I was transporting  They drove to another location to bring a minivan back. The went the extra mile to help me get what I needed.
Good food, very different and fun menu.
Airport isn't bad, tsa is rude and liars.
Nice rooms and exceptional service but the the valet wait is beyond terrifying.  And they only have valet parking!  They dont have any system here and all scramble mode.  Waited over an hour to get my car when checking out.  Pls avoid rush hours!!!
Very enjoyable. This is the kind of place that has it's regulars and the employees know them all by name. The kind of establishment that I want to support and will continue to frequent. Try the Yoshi, and have the chocomoco for dessert. You can definitely spilt it with a friend. I did.
This place was totally empty and they still would not allow me to race with my son. Said it was corporate policy on weekends. We will never be back as I don't do business with stupid companies. \n\nHopeful the business that replaces Pole Position after it closes will uses more intelligence!
BBQ sauce was quite boring.\nHad the Baby Back Ribs (full slab) thee meat was tender, but the BBQ Sauce was really boring No bang or No zest just mediocre sauce. I'll give them another try but ordering something else next time.
This casino exudes a sadness that cannot be surmounted by any number of comps.\n\nLiterally, walking through the casino floor en route to the BODIES exhibition caused a sullenness that the much anticipated dissected, respectfully presented cadavers could not surmount.
What a great experience! Food and staff were better than amazing! Can't wait to go back!!!! Thx guys!!
It was our three year anniversary and we were \nTreated with kindness and amazing customer \nService.  Olive and Ivy was top notch in all \naspects of service.  Thanks for letting me \nShare.  I will be returning for some more \ndelicious dinning.
Regardless of the day or time, it's the slowest Starbucks in town. Nice people but terribly disorganized.
Best authentic Mexican food in Vegas! And the horchata is delicious! I have been to a lot of Mexican places that don't even compare. You have to try it to believe it!
Never go here! The waiter David talks back and is completely rude!
Be prepared to wait the huge line outside and accept over the roof prices.
Best bagels on the planet, hands down. Great people too....moved to California 7 years ago but always stop by when i am in town visiting and they still call me by my name and act as if i am an everyday customer. It doesn't get any better than this place
I too want to give Zero star.  Never show up.  No one pick up phone.  Nothing.  I purchased through Amazon local.  How to get my money back?
Great family-friendly attraction in Las Vegas that is educational and provides a lot of variety with it's seasonal festivals.  I'm a member and continue to enjoy it year-round with the kids.
$5.25 for a small latte, which I was told that wasn't sweetened but it was. Nuff said!!
This place has the best brunch menu and laid back environment. I haven't had a bad experience here yet.
Went here with my friend today.. It was both of our first experiences at any foot spa. It was awesome didn't realize you got a full body massage. The place was relaxing, clean and very friendly service. It's my new Spot for sure,,,
Hands down the best prime rib available, if the old saying is true you get what you pay for than this is quality at its finest, pricing is fair, about a hundred dollars for two with drinks, and they even bring the carving station to your table while the chef cuts the meat to your liking, all out great service.
This place is the best Carribean food I had in Pittsburgh. We had the Jamaican Jerk Wings and loved it!
Usually excellent, today the service was poor - someone hates their job or maybe having a bad day. The portion of carnitas was minuscule. I have understood the price increases, but to reduce the portions to a tablespoon of carnitas is just bad for business.
Limited selections, not much favors in the foods. Service was slow and not as friendly.
My husband likes the pizza. I ordered pasta primavera. Tasted very fresh however it had no real flavor. Since we carried out it doctored myself.
The food is always good, but always horribly slow for takeout and delivery. Usually about twice what is quoted, leaving you to sit and wait. After giving multiple chances we have decided not to do business here any longer.
Went during Sunday at lunch. Slight delays in service, but food was great as it always is. Only minor criticism is that they overcooked the chicken breasts on all of our meals so it came off as a little chewy and dry.
The burgers are insanely good but their food comes with a price. I don't believe in paying $14 for a generic Bloody Mary. The service is pretty standard, nothing amazing. It's very much \"upper class\" for the burgers you get but the atmosphere is kinda poor.
Not usually one to do this but I must say that this place is an embarrassment when it comes to the \"professionalism\" (or lack of)  of the salesmen. Horrible, would not recommend even if it would be the only dealer in the area.  What a shame.
Excellent pasta dishes, pizza, daily specials.  We eat here once a week.  \n\nThe staff are exceptionally friendly.\n\nIt is not a big restaurant not for large parties (6 or less).\n\nThey cater to offices, and events.
This is one of my favorite places to go for many reasons. The food is very unique large portions, many locals sitting at the bar, because bartenders are totally on top of there customers service. Not to mention the patio so cool
I got the Zack's special and it was so greasy I couldn't finish and felt sick afterwards. Heart attack and diabetes on a plate..
Fair, I ordered to go and it was ok, that's all.\n\nI would not order again.
Other than the decor, this over-priced, noisy taco joint lacks culinary appeal.    Props to the service -- good and prompt.  \n\nI ordered the three tacos and side combo.  The tacos were salty and the fish was this side of bad.
Went here again on 3/28/2011 before heading to a movie.  So far, so good. Consistantly good burgers, drinks and service.  Won't go wrong with this place.
I went for breakfast, and for the price of 6.99 a person it's a good deal. They had a good variety, and I'd go to them again.
Stellar.  Awesome prices. great sushi, especially for the price.
This place is amazing such a relaxing place and customer service a plus. Really good at what they do. Highly recommend this place! #loyalcusyomer
Love it here because their casino actually pay's out, the rooms are affordable and decent, and freemont is the place to drink beer.  Would stay again for sure.  The serving staff in the casino kept me wet with comp beverages consistently.
Pretty good German fare (good sausage and schnitzel, the gravy was a little bland, but this is German food) and a pretty fun environment on the weekend (the accordion player really gets the snowbirds going, especially when he plays Edelweiss).  Friendly service.
Older hotel, but clean and cheap for a night when you don't want to drive home. Good service overall.
Somethings are just wrong. Imagine a college kids fridge with left over Chinese and some tortillas. I love Chinese, I love Mexican. Cheese and General Tso chicken. Ick.
We have been here many, many times...the food and service are consistently good. We love the gyros and my daughter always orders the Greek burger...the gyros are the best!!!
I really liked the wide selection of beers that they offered! However I do think they need more seating for busier nights!
Excellent fried fish! I love the option of picking your own fresh fish (large variety too!) and having it cleaned and fried to your liking on the spot! \nThe prices are great as well.
If you're looking for fresh poke this is the place to go. They have a wide variety to choose from, and they also have yummy deserts! I'm yet to try the sushi here. Overall, it's a great place with chill vibes and a friendly atmosphere!
I have been here 4 times always get the shrimp lemon pepper w/ Cajun fries which comes out great! Service is a hit and miss so don't be surprise on a busy night things are missing. Can't beat the Vegas location
This is the only place in town I take my dry cleaning. The staff are very friendly, and the prices are exceptionally cheap. I've never had any negative experience at this store.
The only thing I liked were the apple empanadas... The food was a little bland the night I went, but the people seem sweet and the dessert is on point.
Stopped in for some macaroons and coffee, the food and coffee were decent. The place itself was kinda dirty, stains on the floor, saw a couple of flies, and sat in an uneven chair.
Went there for Arizona Restaurant week and discovered a gem!    Food was excellent, service great and ambiance charming.  The only negative is that it is located in an area that seems a little run down.
Eh have had way better blended coffee drinks. It tasted almost nothing like mocha and the ninja blender they used should be swapped for a higher quality blender that actually blends the drink correctly. The girl looked like she was struggling with what she had.
Small place, great pizza, very fresh! We went for lunch on a Friday and waited about 45 minutes but I think that is part of the \"experience\". Cheeseboard in Berkeley, CA is better
We are very satisfied with our servace. They came promptly and on time. The technician was thorough and gave lots of tips to prevent any further trouble. It seems our problem has subsided. Thank you!
Las Vegas local.....saw the show. Not too impressed. \nTickets are overpriced. This show should be 75.00 tops.\nsave your money for le reve...best show in Vegas.
Old hotel and casino, but it has a lot of nice qualities. The arena has hockey, and there is a bowling ally and arcade for kids.\n\nThe buffet is good, and reasonably priced. The gator bar has the cheapest drinks in Vegas I'm convinced! Ask for Spider!
Oh my god, people still stay here?  What hobos? Traveling circus folk?  How could you book this place.
Awesome coffee. Great atmosphere. Try Cartel Coffee Lab over Starbucks.
I took my girl to this place and ended up having the yellow curry with beef.   The dish was soupy, the beef was chewy and overall the flavor wasn't that great,,  If your looking for Thai there are much better ones out there than this place.
Nothing super special, but they do standard breakfast stuff pretty well. The service is so-so: sometimes really friendly and helpful and other times really slow and a bit rude. But overall a good place to meet for breakfast. The restaurant is pretty big, so you're likely to find a spot even on weekend mornings.
Made an appointment for 10 am. Did not see a doctor for over 2 hours. Waiting room is dirty and has no magazines or toys for kids. Women working at the desk are less than polite. The place is just a nightmare, not to mention they blame it all on the new tech. Not the way to do business.
It's about time chipotle arrives at the strip! Awesome service awesome food. Still as good as any regular chipotle. Def get the chips and guac
Excellent show and also not a bad in the house! Tacky and topical and he's spot on with his observations
School looks great on the outside and inside, but beware. The staff talk about your kids in front of  them. The teachers literally fight each other. The kids are not watched and left to their own devices. After terrible behavior coming home, I finally left and now  we are all much happier.
Yuck!    Yet another corporate crap restaurant comes to Scottsdale.   \n\nNo better than any other chain joint, where it seems the primary ingrediant in any dish is salt.\n\nSave your money and fix a nice dinner for yourself at home with a good bottle of wine and you'll be happier for it.
Poor food, long wait for service!!!! Stay away.
Dirty, grungy, 80s carpet with the matching smell. This airport is very old (or old looking) the food courts serve terrible food and the restaurant in there are not much better. I have seen better looking airports in develpoing countries
This one is okay stocked but sometimes you need to double check the prices. Actually a lot of the times you need to watch the prices. Still better than going to Wal Mart.
Food was good. Priced on the high side.  The wine selection is good.  The service was terrible.  The average time to get a glass of wine was 20 minutes.  Server was not attentive at all. I would have to flag her down to get service.
Tried the late night menu at the bar tonight, awesome food, awesome prices! Service was on point, thanks to Dustin! I greatly appreciate the industry discount for restaurant employees. We'll be back soon to try the full menu!
We went in looking for something different, and this was. Food was OK. Not bad, but also not worth the prices. Should list as $$$, rather than $$.
Great costumer service!! Not good sushi !!
All I had was a sandwich and a pretzel from here. Seems they could've done better on all of it. They have people working there that don't seem to care what they serve of how it's prepared. Really ad for a place right on the strip :(
Horrible service. They sent someone to fix our internet because it wasn't working,  and they said there was no problem and that we aren't \"technically\" guaranteed the wifi internet speed that we pay for and that they couldn't do anything to help us. Our internet still sucks as does Comcast.
Mojito pitchers and yummy tapas!!!!  One of the best bday dinners EVER!!!!  I recommend the bacon-wrapped dates- I was VERY skeptical, but damn... So good!  Don't forget the grilled potatoes!
Beautiful coffee shop that's open late for us night owls! Would rate 5 stars if they would turn down the volume on the kpop. Loudest and most distracting music of any coffee shop I've visited. Hard to even drown out with earbuds.
Ok to take a break for a beer.  Lunch salad was forgettable - just a bed of greens with olive oil - I could've done better at home.  Fries were the regular deep fried variety and poutine seemed overwhelming.  Not at all close to the authentic Montreal or Quebec cuisine we had in other places
OMG! Are they putting crack in these donuts or what? They are addictve. Cannot wait to go back.
I've been looking for a good ramen spot and came across fukumimi. I ordered the fukumimi ramen which is the house special; thin noodles with thinly sliced, super tender pork belly, in a lightly salted broth. Pretty amazing. I definitely recommend it!
Easily my favorite restaurant in Chandler! The owners recognized me after my second or third visit and they knew my order after five or six. P9 is the best (seafood pho) and you can never go wrong with an order of spicy beans. I have yet to bring anyone here for dinner who had any complaints afterwards.
The BEST croissants in town- for sure, bar none. I have been in love with this little gem since I first walked into the tiny charming shop decades ago- the quality, the butter, the flakiness, the smells!! Such a treat, each and every time!
I would give them 5 stars if their prices were a little bit lower. \nAs for the product itself, 10 STARS!!! Just kidding. But I really do love the flavors, fresh ingredients and location. As a Vegan, I'm always on the look out for new ways to fill my cravings.
The lunch here is mediocre at best.  Bland and unhealthy, the ambiance is nothing special.  The best I could say is that it's not very expensive (though you can walk around the corner north on Clark and get the same food for half the price).
I came home tonight w coupons on my door.  I said what the hell.  Hot Wings crispy and pepporo pizza for $14.99 amazing. The only reason why not 5 Stars is delivery guy didn't have dried parm cheese. If u live at Pillars Scottsdale a must
If you want hi quality burgers then Bachi Burger is the place to go. Angus beef or Wagyu burgers, pork belly buns for appetizers and oxtail Chili cheeses fries!
Loved it! Jeffrey was awesome and provided great helpful tips. Rest of the staff was great too. Neat complex just off the strip.
Really good gelato. There's usually a Groupon floating around for them. Chocolate Caramel Fudge and Poket Coffee are my favorites. Never tried the fruity ones but it's not for a lack of being offered samples. They always have skinny pretty people working there. They must not be allowed to eat the gelato. ;)
Got sick eating at Claim Jumper in the Casino.  Then woke up to beetles in bed with me.  The only cool thing was the pool.
First time I have been to church in years.....Was as cool as it gets for church.
Not the worst hotel if stayed at not the best either. Room was rather old fashion the bed was hard. I did like that u can hook things up to the TV (i.e. Apple TV) s\n\nThe gambling and shopping is very plentiful so are the restaurants.
Love it! glad to see them open and in business!!  great to for a late night!!
Although it tends to be a meathead show, this place is relatively nice to work out in. I love the variety of cardio machines, and new equipment. Be sure to try  a tasty smoothie on the way out.
impeccable service. good wine selection. food is pretty much standard fair that you'd expect at a high-end french restaurant. can use some creativity.
Beautiful gardens!  \nI love going when it's a little warm out- and then picnicing on Flagstaff Hill afterward.\nIt's best to go when the weather is nice and the outdoor gardens are open.
I landed at the Phoenix airport and wanted a quick sandwich before my next flight. This isn't the place. The service is slow and the staff is inattentive. Had the waitstaff been working and not not talking or standing around, the service could be better. Hopefully their chicken sandwich will be worth the wait.
Everything I have eaten here is delicious...a little pricey for lunch, but worth it. Its a good idea to split a pasta meal and a salad with a friend; Then you get the best of both worlds.
The bartender refused to serve my friend a water because she wasn't buying anymore drinks.
Its ok. Not reall impressive if you are middleeastern. Food is cold and service is disorganized. They can do better. Environment is a bit unique with live middle eastern music. The waiter was very nice and polite.
The waiter was weird & rude. No wonder many people pay more to eat at Asian restaurants in casinos rather than going to out to eat in Asian plazas.
Tasty food but over priced for the usual bar food. With that said it is a great atmosphere with plenty of entertainment, you won't miss a game! Staff is great and they offer decent drink specials. I'll be back for the decent beer selection!
I will have to add that the manager reached out to me because of my unpleasant experience and offered a discount for the next visit. It shows that there is someone caring and that is a good sign. That is why I will give a second star.\n\nNevertheless, I won't be back.
We have been in Montreal now for 3 days and this was the best food and service we have had!  I love this place!
The best place in the Southwest for authentic Mexican food at reasonable prices and the view of the city is absolutely spectacular. The service is prompt, friendly, and attentive and the food is superb. Try their mole' chicken....to die for!
Clean and has mostly everything. Needs fresher produce at times. Workers are nice. \n\nSushi man is legit! They give sushi roll samples at night too (= Better than some of the sushi restaurants I've tried in Vegas!
Great experience this visit. Seated quickly. Served quickly. Waitress was pleasant. Food was tasty. They were having a good day. Only complaint is that once the ticket is dropped they don't check back. And it was free pie Wed. Had to flag down a manager.
After waiting for 3 people in front of me to order, it wasn't turn. A woman walks up to the counter, says excuse me and starts placing an order?!!! What the heck are the rest of us waiting in line for? I complained & walked out. So rude by the customer & the employee.
Awesome place with quality food!  I loved the Italian Beef sandwich (dipped for me) and it had such good flavor.  Can't wait to try other items from the menu.  The wife got one of the hotdogs and really enjoyed that too!
The Free Library of Desert Broom Library cultivates free thinking and independent workers. Everyday you interact with familiar and new faces alike, and the staff is extremely supportive and goal oriented.
This Kmart is a good but not great store.  This location is one of the smaller locations in town and really doesn't compare IMHO to the Target super store or Wal-Mart (besides parking; yuk) when it comes to selection and value.
Food came out room temperature and was not very good in general. Good service though.
Over priced and mediocre food.
Not surprised that they've gone under. Bad service and no lunch menu - who wants a huge $25-30 dinner entree at 12 p.m.?
Why is this place famous again?? Or is that self proclaimed. Im not saying it is BAD, but Im not saying it is GOOD either. The hot dogs are thin - I like a PLUMP doggy! It's your basic WIENER, no frills, no thrills.
Great food and very authentic. Service was good and quick.\n\nAsk for the hot sauce but beware it has a little kick to it.
I would give 5 stars for their awesome food, but the service is SO slow !! I'm being generous with 2 stars. Great fantastic food but be prepared to wait a very very very long time :(
Poor customer service. Unhelpful staff. Not ready to help customers find things they are looking for. Seems like they don't care about customers.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place. Please don't ever leave! The shoe salon is the best and blows away any other selection in AZ. Want better? Go to NY or CA... Barney's other locations.
The California Club and Breakfast Buzz are both amazing
This place is one of the first and only places i order sashimi from, it has some of the best teppan food ever!!!! And I love the special rolls that are on the menu. The boss, Fred is also one of the friendliest guys i've ever had the privilege to get to know
CLICKS IS CLOSED.\n\nGOOD LUCK to the great staff who worked so hard!  RIP Click's Billiards!
Vodka Mussels-excellent. Salmon Crab Asparagus (sans Hollandaise) Excellent. French Soup-best in the midwest. Creme Brule - parochial, inexcusable in it's grade school quality. Only bad thing though-this place is top notch otherwise.
Waited at our table for 25 minutes before we were helped, we were served cold food, and the waitress told us we couldn't split our checks between 2 people... Hmmm id say it was definitely not a good experience.
Worst service and the food didn't seem remotely fresh.
Best BBQ I have had in Phoenix! I have been many times and have yet to have a bad experience. Everything on the menu is good, the sides are amazing and I can get enough of the BBQ sauces they have.
Love the food. Some of the best, if not the best, Italian food in PHX. A bit on the pricey side, but portions are generous and Nick's has a great variety.
Great local brewery. Hop bang boom is one of the best IPAs. Service is great as long as James Manos isn't working at the bar. He was very unwelcoming and walked off to hang out with coworkers before finishing the transaction.
The pork ribs were fall off the bone delicious. Finger licking good. They use a wet rub. Sides were given the same care and attention as the main course.
Decent pizza for those who like very thin, minimalist pizza.  Not being a New York pizza fanatic, I prefer more thick crust and cheese -- like Ray's in Manhattan.  The Greek salad was quite good and the price is OK too.
Delicious pizza and Theresa who works there always give great service with a smile and treats everyone well. This is very authentic Brooklyn style pizza. Theresa is very pleasant and makes the overall experience great.
Nice hotel    It is a nice property and mantained pretty good.\nNice staff     They were really great, real people\nDecent pool    I was the only one there and the spa needed water\nNice rooms    Really large compared to some others I have been in.
Great coffee, although the lattes are rather oversweetened (just order half syrup and it will be perfect). Love the feel of the shop. Very eclectic, nerdy design.
I love this place, the custard is always cold and delicious. I love the smell of freshly cooked waffle cone.  I love the atmosphere music the decor on the wall it really takes you back to more wholesome time.  So another Saturday another custard Run.
Seriously you must go here if in Vegas! It's a short walk from Fremont but worth it. So much fun! Cheap prices too!
One of my preferred pizza places.
Good service got a good deal on Expedia
It's okay. Nothing to die for but if you have no where to go, it's next best thing. But their lemonade is amazing!
This location was remodeled, the most significant change is the drive thru (at least for me, since I only order through drive thru now). It now has two lanes, which from my experience, surprisingly has quick service. Besides that, nothing significantly different from other Mickey D's.
Nice and warm enviroment, servers are very friendly and funny, makes lots of jokes, fod is nice and tasty. The duck pate sandwich was so nice, also the prices are reasonable.
do not book a reservation, they will not get you from phoenix to tucson in a reasonable amount of time.  they're rude, they lie and are the most unprofessional company i've dealt with in arizona.\n\n\n\nrent a car and save yourself time.
So much fun for Hawks games, but it's too hot and smokey to even enjoy the game. Food is good but the smoke makes you not want to eat.
Never had crepes before coming here and I had no idea what I was missing. The food is always fresh, but the downfall is sometimes you have to wait over a half an hour to get your food. Everyone here is really nice and they have a great menu, they close at 4 so a great place for lunch or brunch on the weekends.
WORST dental experience EVER, tried to charge me for unnecessary things not covered by my insurance, what a scam, go someplace else!!!!
I came here after buying the groupon. I was seriously shocked from the variety of goods here. Everything looked so good! Granted that I don't eat dairy, I came here to buy some sweets for some friends. They all loved it:)
I love coming to Parasol Down when I'm in town. The atmosphere is relaxed, with good service and a laid back yet classy feel that allows you to enjoy your beverage without feeling hurried or bothered by the waitstaff.
doesn't have too much to do. got bored after a little while...
I love their green milk tea with boba...my bf loves their reg. green tea...we're almost a regular! The staff are super friendly! Pretty much remembers our order unless we feel like trying different that day...We also love their spicy squid ball:) Decent priced!
We waited 45 minutes in line to valet our car & then it took another hour in line to check in.....really
Service was spotty and the kitchen was not clean. \n\nIt used to be my favorite restaurant in Arizona now I'm debating if I'll give it another chance.
Delicious, you can tell that everything is made freshly and with care.  Great atmosphere, great feel will definitely try and come whenever I am in town!
I don't plan on returning. The food was disappointing. The services was just ok. And you have to pay for chips & salsa with your $12 tacos. Give me a break.
I like catering from this place for big gatherings. We usually order a pan of mixed meat and macaroni salad. Garlic noodles and spam musubi are always everyone's favorite.
Update.  Went to a different location.  Non-smoking location.  Got pastrami this time instead of the bland sausage.  Added a fried egg to the sandwich as well.  I forgot how huge this thing was.  I could only eat half.  I am now a fan of Primanti's.
Beer has been decent in my visits, but have only eaten here one time because of the poor quality that time.  (Had bruschetta) Service at the bar is hit and miss, mostly aloof and inattentive.  With so many great places nearby, can you afford to put off customers?
Wow - not good. The place was really not what I expected at all. The selections were few, and the food - cold.
Im not sure what all the buzz is all about when it comes to this place. I've been here a few times now. The flavors are \"ok\", nothing special. I love my chicken wings, these just aren't all that great. Their okay if you just want to get by and get your wing fix.
While it wasn't 'bad', there are far better places to have an enjoyable meal in the area, even if you want to catch a game.  We went once.  We saw.  We haven't been back.
Pros:\nClean restaurant. \nGreat food. \nFriendly staff.\nClose to home. \n\nCon:\nNo delivery...but worth the drive.
I'd give more stars because it's clean, modern-decor and convenient location but when you have been \"spoiled\" by other pho places in town, you are just left \"unsatisfied!\" Just doesn't taste \"rich\" and authentic enough for moi~
Sort of stumbled in here one random night. It's a safe place for drinks and food. It has a barebones menu, though, and can get quite cramped up at the bar, especially because that's where you have to order and pay. The food portions are large though, so you won't walk out hungry.
Brewery tour rad\n\nStaff are awesome\n\nRussian bourbon aged stout is one of my top 4 favorites on earth
This place has some good yakitori like beef tongue, spicy chicken. Also try tartar yellowtail, crispy chowmein noodle, pork kimchi. Good place for late night dinner, 15-20 mins wait is well worth it.
A very nice place. I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch, my salad was nice and fresh and my guess enjoyed their meals also. The view is very nice if you get a window seat and the service is very efficient and I would recommend it to a friend. Anytime you're in Charlotte stop by and have a nice meal there.
It is another strip mall - and a very subpar one at that.  No covered parking.  No real stores of interest.  Too crowded, and a royal pain in the ass to take a left turn out of given the light timing.
I was craving hainan chicken rice!! use my yelp mobile. And found this place!!  The dish came with a sweet soy sauce. The chicken was moist.  It came with flavored rice not bad but a bit on the drier side. Not bad average
I almost gave this place 4 stars for the ambiance and atmosphere. We went here with a group of friends right after the restaurant had first opened. I was a bit disappointed with the food. I found it was too salty for my preference.
I love shopping here. I've found the most wonderfully unusual things! The only drawback is the aisles are a bit tight and its hard to see the bottom rows. I always feel like I'm in someone's way.
This place is walking distance from my office and I had been curious for sometime. My boss and I went for lunch the other day and it was awesome! We both had a beet salad with almonds, and a kale salad. Great place,  will definitely be returning.
FANTASTIC OFFICE!! Dr. Eric Kerbs & Dr Jeremy Skinner and their staff made the experience exceptional! They are all very friendly, welcoming and professional!
Doubles of jack taste like singles to me!
Baked good just okay and the service was very poor.  Customers weren't acknowledged and the staff was wandering around doing various odd jobs and talking and chatting among themselves.  BIG disappointment.
White trash heaven,  you just have to get one.
On weekends this place is super delish! Fresh and tasty! I have come in during weekdays and been a bit disappointed.  I do not drive 3 hours to be disappointed! The baked good are wonderful, just get there early or they will sell out.
The space is kind of tight and the presentation could be better but the sandwiches are delicious and fulling. Definately worth the wait for a table.
Very nice clean place. Excellent job on fill and great pedi. Very reasonably priced. I didn't fell rushed as some other places do. There seemed to be a lot of others having brow waxing , and I saw a beautiful job of nail art.
That was fun.
Compared to other Whole Foods locations, this one is tiny! For comparison, the Whole Foods in Las Vegas must be at least three times the size. Still, it's nice to have and it is pretty decent overall albeit pricey.
Try the Walleye sandwich.  It's what brought me there and it's what keeps me coming back.  Also try the vegetarian chili.  Out of sight!
Awesome east coast style deli food with a fresh and healthy update, this is the best, we go there all the time
Words could not express how great this place is.......family run and staff is great. I recently took a NYC visitor and he was impressed, that says it all.....
Picture perfect view of Pittsburgh.  Beautiful scenery. Quiet neighborhood.  You can never get bored of this place.
Outstanding customer service and thats why all the great reviews, I second the rating. The couple who run this place are adorable and super sweet. Alterations can be a bit pricey but are pretty standard considering what others charge in this area. Highly recommended!
Could only say yum and that'd be enough. Great food, big portions (you could easily share with someone), great service! Will find plenty of excuses to come up to Phoenix for Bfast!
Gotta have some love for the dive bars!  This really fits the mould.  Great burgers and all the beer you want as long as its a domestic :)
Food was fantastic!  Service excellent as well. Highly recommend.
I stopped by for a little snack before I went to have brunch, don't mock me it was going to be a long walk. I just got a regular hot dog with ketchup and mustard. It was a solid dog but nothing spectacular. The service was friendly but was a little slow. Great for a quick bite.
I meant to try this place for months.  Finally did and I've been there 4 times in two weeks!  Love the salad, starters, caprese sandwich with chicken, onion rings...  This place is way too close to my new house and I will need to show great restraint!
This place keeps getting pricier every single time I came to Vegas.  Furthermore, I felt that this place has gone downhill.  The duck is not as good as it used to be.  But Sam Woo is still Sam Woo.  The food in general is not bad in my opinion.  Just reserve this place for the late night.
Pretty good but could b better.
This place puts the \"meh\" in Mexican. I guess I expected more because it looks like a small, authentic family-run restaurant, but everything we had was fairly bland, and the service fairly lackluster for a Sunday at 11:30. No one seemed to want to be there, and in retrospect neither did we.
this place sucks... \n\nfood was low quality and really bad service..\nthe McDonalds next door would probably satisfy your needs better than this place.
I am surprised I don't love this place. I love sweets but the cake bites are actually too sweet for me. The cookies are good but the stuff is overpriced. We have tried the cupcakes as well but I was underwhelmed. Not my favorite.
This restaurant closed again. It will be some Italian restaurant. I had the feeling that it would close down again. I hope the Italian restaurant has better food and service.
I have been to this restaurant twice, the food is delicious and a good value.  The wait staff is attentive and personable!
This place sucks so bad!! Got a noise complaint when I wasn't even in my room! They charged me 500% for a room.... Literally nuts here. Never stay here unless you want psychos to hang out with you
This is our favorite Mexican restaurant when I visit Las Vegas! The margarita are fantastic ! The service is great ! If your staying on the strip you are missing a Las Vegas highlight!
We eat here a lot when it's like 3 am and I want a belgian waffle or something like that. The service is always great and the food is really good. Don't expect 5 star, it's a cafe that's open 24 hours.
Never been a fan at buffet Asia. The food is ok. The iced tea is what I call tea not so much ice and it is always hot in there (The one on Flamingo is even worse in my opinion). The few bright spots are that the drinks are included and the service is above average.
The location in the Ventian is just allright.  It is a very small bar in the mall.  However the beers are delicious!!  Tried them all, favorite was the wheat and second favorite was the amber.  They both pack a serious punch and very delicious.  The bartender was incredibly friendly and helpful.
Poor food and the service is equivalent. The rolls fall apart before you can eat them.
That's A Wrap caught my eye on a trip out to Phoenix shortly before I moved here. I had high hopes going in and it exceeded my expectations.  I love the veggie wrap with jasmine rice paired with a refreshing and delicious glass of strawberry lemonade.
Try some Crystal Head Vodka at the new video poker bar!
The BLT Wedge and a crab cake make the perfect light dinner. And if you insist on dessert, I would insist on the Apple Pie. Amazing! Nice atmosphere and super friendly staff.
Very, very disappointed, starting with the parking situation.  Then when you are in there it is dirty.  Ordered the combo fried rice, went home because after being there I had to get home to take a shower, fried rice was inedible.  Will never return there again!
the service was so slow we discussed stiffing the waiter (would never).  the food (hot wings and chicken and waffles) was very good! so were our mind bender drinks.
Very slow service at 3pm even if it was after lunch hours....it took 30 minutes to serve my food, but manager apologized.....can you imagine if it is during lunch or dinner times.....food is mediocre and not worth the money.....
Standard target...Huge place!   This location is not as tidy as the ones I am use to.
I love this place! The food is great the staff is knowledgeable and friendly. I have not had a bad experience yet!
This place is not so great.  The nurse practitioner spent no more than one minute with me and prescribed something that didn't even work and I ended up gong to ENT a month later for the same issue that had turned into a chronic issue.  They're also trying to sell some kinda weight loss program that is not covered by the insurance.
Love the location, love the people watching, but mostly I just adore the Modern Tiki Fish Sandwich. It is my favorite menu item.
Average food, good service, poor ambience. If you want something a lot better and don't mind the extra bucks, go around the corner to Louisianne's.
Very romantic, quality, great service- 2 can share a plate easily- Best bread ever-----------------------------------------------------.
Rough start for lunch. Waitress with an attitude.
Ambiance is a 5! Quiet and away from the bustle of E Carson St. BDC occupies the ground floor of a renovated row house. Tables are scattered over many rooms and an inviting outdoor deck. BDC serves Inteligensia coffee (like 21st Street). Oatmeal and gelato are also menu highlights.
I love this Chick fil A. The food is always warm and fresh. The only thing I would recommend for this restaurant is their work-fi. Other than that, fantastic!
Friendly service, good food, tasty coffee, nice and cozy envoirnment
Just as most strip hotel, food prices were outrageous and not even good..but they did make some nice accommodations for me to help meet my needs.
A definite must try while in Vegas. It's a guarantee you'll love. For a couple seeking a steak, you must try the Tomahawk Rib Eye!
Fabulous!
Fantastic staff!  First time visit, will be back.  Made me feel like I was shopping at a normal department store not an adult shop.....cool.
I have eaten at 2 locations of this restaurant. The one was in Huntington Beach and I have forgotten the other one. But my point is that they serve really good Italian food. If you are on a carb-load program, hut thus place up!
Barista here is super serious about his coffee.. delicious. Excellent customer service!!
It was a good place for a 5-7 with a group on a friday, where all the pubs were filled to the top.\n\nThey have nice meal options, including vegetarian options. and got a nice selection of beers as well. Food is a bit pricy, though, but very nice.
Nothing special about this place. Great location but the facilities are a little tired.
bottom line review :   good but way over-priced .   this is hipster-kitsch sushi dining .
One of the best breakfasts spots around. You will never leave here hungry (huge portions). Lots of great pancakes and omelettes to choose from. Good coffee and service in this large restaurant. Sometimes a small wait for tables and difficulty parking due to the popularity of the place.
Old, dirty and disorganized!  The security lines and baggage claim areas are horribly overcrowded.  Service is slow.  Tear it down and start over!
It's a great step back in time. The place is a romantic diner (believe it or not). I also liked it because most of the people in there like to dress, if you know what I mean. Having great drinks didn't hurt. If you ever come to Vegas...... Check it out.
Fanatastic soup and salad combo. The potatoe soup is an everyday item I am sure because it is so tasty. The only draw back is on a Saturday night/date night, screaming kids kinda ruin the ambiance.\nOtherwise it was great. Good service and a short wait for the table.
Worst customer service ever!!! The hostess was more then rude & spoke to us like we were stupid & the manager was clueless
Best Caesar salad I have ever had was from here. Never thought to put a meatball on my Caesar, but I don't want to eat one any other way now! This is one of my favorite new lunch spots. Super friendly staff, prompt service and great atmosphere! Love this place. I am definitely becoming a regular.
Best place, BEST pizza in the valley!!! Everything is so good!!!! Love it!!!
I love this place!! I'm coming back here or sure next time I'm in Vegas. It was nice to eat somewhere off the strip!! The food was so good and the waiter was super nice. The drinks were pretty good too! If you just wanna get off the strip and have dinner; go to firefly!
it's okay. i think there are cheaper and higher quality vegan foods at whole foods! if it weren't so close to the asu campus and scottsdale, it wouldn't be that busy!
The rooms are nice but the food situation is awful and the store workers are so rude. Not worth the price.
platters sized for two\ntableside guac, standard, good\ntoo many black beans\n\na well-priced dinner\na rarity in vegas!\ntoo full for dessert
Teriyaki in a bowl ? quick order? SPICY chicken? \n\nI'm sold, although how its right next to 24hour fitness throws me off a bit. But their meat is nicely marinated and cooked, along with veggies and an option of either white or brown rice, and even noodles!
ummm its ok!
The bald guy with the glasses clearly does not enjoy his job as he was rude and impolite. He worked super slow and had a grimace on his face the whole time, you could clearly see he was \"overjoyed\" to be working behind the counter.
TERRIBLE SERVICE.Waited for 10 minutes for someone to even come to the table. When we left, people who were seated after us had been served.
After a long day of driving I was so hoping the 4 star reviews would not steer me wrong.  From rice and beans to burrito or tacos the food was bland or over spiced that you could not tolerate the taste. Skip if you have a choice.
You've been warned !!!!! Do not eat here. Employees are horrible at customer service, mess up everybody's order and give you the wrong food or either make you wait 15 minutes to get your food. It shouldn't be this hard to get a food order right but these people somehow can't do it
These guys have one of best practices that ive ever been to and they have great service and will help u or refer u somewhere is like if u need braces or something
The food was truly sub par. Everything we ordered was bland and boring. Everything was served lukewarm. It was  almost as if they ordered food from some dive Chinese restaurant and just microwaved it before serving. I would rather eat at Panda Express than here.
We ordered delivery pizza for our first try of Barro's and it was good. Although for thin crust, the crispiness did not survive the drive.  I like the flavor and want to try eating in.  I am not a fan of most delivery pizza but this was good.
Just an update. I have been back many times. The Mac N Cheese is the way to go here. it's amazing! Definitely try this if you are in town for lunch.
They have interesting combinations like curry chicken and yams, pear and gorgonzola....sounds bizarre, but is so flavorful! The traditional choices are available as well, along with great salads and unique sandwiches. Organic whole wheat crust and fresh ingredients make for a great pizza! Friendly staff is an added bonus.
Great Flat White coffee served just right in 6oz china.cups with art work. Pricy at $4.75 but worth the trip down the Strip
Lady at the front, I'm assuming owner is extremely rude! I was having trouble understanding paperwork necessary and there were no customers and she was not willing to help. Shockingly horrible service!
there are  5 factory recalls on my 2013 Escape and I was told it could take all day Gaudin Ford wont give me a rental while they do a factory recall. Gaudin Ford has gone down hill and this  year customer will go elsewhere. They do not deserve  1 star
I'm afraid it's all gone downhill. When the wait staff tells you it was slow lunch and the reason why the rice is hard is because they are being resourceful....not good. Service is sucking balls. My kid is waiting  forever for a couple of pieces of tempera.  What the hell has happened?!
Great variety of food but mediocre. Taste less meet - the Mongolian beef , i didnt like the Cold See Food, steam rice is good. Sushi ok, Mongolian Grill good. 2 persons $26.
Went when they said they were open (M-F 11-2pm) but they werent. This has happened a few times... disappointed in their inconsistent ability to open their doors...so I wont go back.
We got take-out pho after reading the Yelp reviews.  (one with meatballs, the other with Tai.)  We both thought it was delicious!  They packaged the broth separate from the noodles, meat, and fresh veggies.  Put all together  - it was a delicious meal & just what we were looking for.
The view and atmosphere in the rooftop bar area is great. \n\nThe food and drink are average(not bad), but I cannot speak for the whiskey, bc I don't like it in general.
I lived right behind this shop for 3 years. I would literally trust these guys with my life. I can't say that about most people, let alone a car mechanic. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful people.
if you need hearing aids in any kind of reasonable time frame avoid like the plague. I am still trying to clean up the mess they made of my insurance.
Great outdoor space, tons of big screens, friendly laid back staff. Fried pickles the best I've ever had! Great for watching sports. We'll be back for sure!
Stay away!!! Horrible manager failed to renew our lease do to an elderly couple below us complaining about us walking in the apartment that called our handicapped child an \"animal\"  For the rent cost you can live somewhere A LOT nicer!
Save your $20 and spend ten minutes hosing off your own car, and skip the rude people. Terrible customer service and poor job cleaning the car. Very disappointed. I had to spend ten minutes cleaning what they missed. Won't be back.
I played here once and thought this spot was pretty cool. I liked how it was layed out and all but it was not that great of a location for DJ's/Dancers. It's ok but it did seem to be a bit too small for the crowd.
Great atmosphere, the soup is amazing and fast and friendly service. The food is healthy, all natural with no additives. A must try!
Loved the pizza! If you like thin crust this is the place to stop. I haven't had pizza like this in years.  Loved it.  Ate outside. It was a nice little place to take a break and grab a bite to eat.  Pizza is sold by the slice.  Slices are very large but also very thin crust.
Been there once for happy hour they have great deals good food and a lot of options. Only bad thing I can say is it's kindve dark and there and not really welcoming for a sports bar but the staff are friendly and attentive
Let's just say it won't become a habit for me.
$8 for mediocre burrito.  $1 extra for good sauteed veggies.  Carnitas were dry and flavorless.  Flour shell made fresh was cool.  Place is a blatant rip on Chipotle.
The breakfast burrito was great!  The coffee was great!  The service was slow, and inatentive...
Went to listen to free Tuesday night stand up. Shared the fig, goat cheese, honey and almond pizza which was amazing. House beer was very good, service was fantastic. Loved it all.
The place is a joke, the food is horrible, the service is just as bad! Save yourself some time and keep driving.
The food here is good: fresh, flavorful, and creative. Unfortunately, the coffee is weak. I got a soy latte which was largely milk. Whatever coffee was in it lacked flavor.
Our favorite local Chinese restaurant. Don't miss the chow fun (we like it with beef)! Their dinner for 2 is an amazing deal and very good.
Nice selection. Good sushi. Very impressive. This was our first time and we definitely plan to come back.
SOOOOOO CUTE. So many amazing things to look at. The art in the store is also awesome. I was a little overwhelmed by the amount of cards, but that's a good thing.
Is the food good? Yes\n\nHowever you'll have a nicer dining experience at a fast food place. We arrived at 6:30 and we're out the door by 7:02 and not by choice.
The staff here is awful!  I went to the Chateau for a big celebration night expecting a night of dancing and fun, but the staff's pretentious attitude was shocking.  If it was just one employee, I could excuse it, but every staff member was equally rude.  Needless to say, we left and found our fun elsewhere!
everytime i come here for a haircut they mess it up. a good haircut is suppose to last 15 to 25 minutes this place has you in and out in 5 minutes. never coming back
This is the pizza place we have been looking for! Great service! Great food! They have a full menu of options. Small dining area makes me feel like im back in my hometown:)
Met up with friends on a Saturday night, so it was packed. Later in the night the number of children dropped. For something out of the ordinary, it's a good time but a but a bit expensive.
The proshop staff should be more polite when answering the phone.. leaves a bad impression no matter how nice the course is! Plus....clean your restrooms for crying out loud, they smell like urine.
Great coffee house. Amazing vibe. Food is really good. Coffee price is a bit high I think 4.20 for a small iced latte but it was worth it. I got the Mac n cheese and it was amazing.
Delicious. Walked in and it's a small tavern style place with about 20 seats. Fantastic food!!
Excellent sandwiches.  Avocado on toasted sourdough was the best.  Must have had two whole avocados on the sandwich!
I had the fish and chips for lunch the other day and it was pretty bad.  Part of the breaded fish was over cooked and a lot of the oil found its way into the skimpy pieces of fish.  I wasn't impressed at all but at least my server was friendly.
loved it! staff was VERY accommodating! top of the rock restaurant is great!
Good ice-cream poor service.  That pretty much sums it up. \n\nThe people serving up lack eye contact, engagement and are there to do their thing and get the hell out.  \n\nOh well. 2 bucks a cone.  Whatever!
Horrible. Ordered a pizza bagel (which they charge over $5 for) had about 1/2 teaspoon of sauce and a few shreds of cheese (see photo). Laughable. I won't be back here.
Good food at this little place.  Its pretty casual and the menu is mostly fried stuff,  but if your hungry its a nice place to stop for a bite.  They have more options than most small diners and some healthy choices.\nFYI Fries are very good.
This is a great, quality Taco Bell recently built with fast service and consistant food. I love Taco Bell because it's cheap and yummy!
Almost as cool as Peter Griffin
Best asian market in Arizona period.  This is the only place I buy shrimp, and they have products you just can't find anywhere else.  The store is always clean, and the produce very fresh.  If you are looking for more variety in a grocery store this is the place to go.
I think there over priced!  Are you serious $4.00 for a cup with a straw in it!  I can go to $. 99 store and get 4 of those!  Every now and then, I find a few things that are worth it, like pool fun stuff like rafts, and floatation devices.
Never heard back from Paul on the original issue from May 2009.  Not sure if the restaurant is still being run this way...hopefully not.  Mill Ave is a great location for restaurants but I can't say I want to go back to this one.
The best steak I've had at a restaurant period. I ordered the Grass Fed New York strip medium rare. Yes, they have grass fed beef and organic pastured chickens here. \n\nWith a great view of the strip, and outside balcony seating, Morels French Steakhouse is Vegas dinner must.
Service OK. \nChip and salsa, good. \nFood, small portion and not very good. \nPrice, $25 for two people for two entrees and two iced tea.
Dinner has always been terrific.  Been here a 1/2 dozen times.  Always have a good time at dinner.  Happy hour thought?  Had a puzzling poor happy hour experience, drinks and food weren't good.  Can't figure out if it was an off day or they just phone it in during happy hour.
the fish and chips was some of the best i have ever had and the drinks were pretty good. i recomend this over the actual resturaunt.
Terrible service!  It took more than 30 minutes for our food to come out at 1:45 pm on a Sunday!  And it was hot inside too!  I asked for AC and they didn't turn it on. My first, and last time to this place.
Terrible service and food was barely passable. Wait service was unorganized and rude. If you go to this restaurant and don't look like a rich person they will treat you like a second rate customer. Went for birthday celebration and was very let down. NOT worth it!
I was referred by a friend after a frustrating experience with Liberty Tech & Auto. The receptionists are friendly, and the mechanics are reliable, honest, and competent. If you're looking for a shop that doesn't spew BS and try to hustle you, this is the place!
This place is pretty amazing. The food is super fresh and incredibly well made. However because it's fresh and made to order it does take a little longer to get food out to their guests.
+ good variety of sauces and wing styles\n+ Not the best wings in town, but pretty good overall. If you're in the Santa Fe and you're looking for something to eat, this is one of the better options.
Chick-fil-a employees are always so friendly. Love eating their original chicken sandwich. Sometimes I get the nuggets with the buffalo sauce. The waffle style fries were great and the catsup packets are so convenient to use.
Great place! I'm glad that we pull over here at a right place where we eat our dinner with a cool interior design that will add to your appetite.\n\nThe price is also cheaper than the others.\n\nCheck this out!
Yummilicious ! And that waitress is WORKING the place!!!! So good! Buffalo bites are HOT! Mac n Cheese to die for, with a hint of lemon undertone - mmmmm!!!!
This place is delis! The wait was a tad long but worth it! I looooove their Banh Mi burger!\n\nService was great too!\n\nThe server mentioned they're opening up two locations in SoCal...I can't wait!!
We chose Fez after picking a friend up from the airport late at night and were pleasantly surprised. Our servers were very friendly and helpful. The spinach and artichoke dip is highly recommended. My friend and I enjoyed
I've GOT to be honest and say I went for their Bread Basket!  Best ever! Went on my Birthday two years in a row.  First year Everything was 5 star. Second year? Must have hit an \"off night\".  Poor service and mediocre food, except for the BREAD!
This place has had great reviews, but don't get overly excited.  This is good BBQ, but nothing exceptional.  Nothing unusual here.
No stars if i could!! Food was disgusting, leaving a weird after taste. Over priced yuck! Very disappointed. Even the garlic fries were unappetizing. Decor leaves a lot to be desired-- more like a lounge atmosphere, Not an Asian eatery
This is an excellent place for breakfast. The fruit was so fresh and my meal was exactly what I needed. The coffee is the best! I came on a Friday morning so it was busy but I didn't have to wait for a table I just sat at the breakfast bar. Will return. :-)
This place does not deserve a 4-5 star , the food is average and the price is super expensive ..... The biriyani is not good  and the chicken tikka is only colorful , Taste is now ever like the traditional tikka
We had a 2 for 1 coupon so cost us 20 bucks for 4 people. Might\n Have been worth it for pure Vegas awful food entertainment. But not for the food
Food was tasty but portions were small and pricey. My wife did not care for the seared Ahi.\nBottom line=you can do better
Bon restaurant steakhouse/fruits de mers, belle ambiance, bon service, bonnes portions, go\u00fbteux et excellents, abordable pour ce genre de resto, id\u00e9al pour un rendez-vous d'affaires ou galant.
My go-to neighborhood cheese monger. I really like the vibe of this place, not pretentious, it's just about the cheese! They will help you find what you're looking for.
Decent priced all-you-can-eat and great saki specials (weekdays). The atmosphere is a little drab though. And the music was a trip down memory lane, ha!
Was trying to schedule an appointment. They kept me on hold forever. I just hung up and went somewhere else. I do love polished but they are not very convenient for my hectic schedule.
I went in to get a TAG repaired. A screw had come loose that was stopping the movement. It had been previously worked on at another store at the Biltmore. Dave took a quick look at it and fixed it in 5 minutes. No charge. Very friendly and will definitely be back.
I've been going to this barbershop for over 15yrs.  I've referred many of my family and friends to the shop.  Toby and Doug are more than barber's they're more like family. I love this shop and will continue to go there.
This place is closed. Sign says coming soon Detroit Coney Grill
Our room was nice & clean.  The bed was comfortable.  The breakfast buffet was good.  The staff was friendly.\n\nBut man are those walls thin.  Heard every bit of conversation as the people next door partied late into the night and then one of them dropping a deuce the next morning.
This mall Is never too crowded, there are great deals and It has a big food court. The mall Is not as big as or as new as all the other malls but you have some known stores here such as Old Navy, Hot Topic, Journey's, Sears ect...
Good potato salad. Unfortunately out of 4 meals... None were delicious. I really wanted to like this local place. Tasted like frozen microwaved meals :(
Good breakfast selection. I enjoyed the fresh coffee and the customer service. I had the chiliaquiles which I felt had an over abundance of sauce and not enough chips. The husband and I shared a cinnamon roll which was delicious. Nice hole in the wall diner.
Found egg shells in my scrambled eggs. They put wax paper on top of my cheese on top of my grits and when I peeled it back, all the cheese came off. I'll probably eat here again but I'll check everything before I bite into anything.
If there were an option for no stars I would give it no stars. The first time around they brought out the wrong order and had to wait another 15 mins had to ask server to refill our drinks. \n\nI would not recommend this place and would defiantly would not come back
Thought the place was decent. Liked the Shima roll. Everything else was good. But did not have the WOW factor working for them
Great service, great food, great atmosphere! There has been nothing but good experiences here. Please keep it up!
Only been for coffee and light food fare.  Food was pricy - and atmosphere, may be trying too hard.  I try my hardest to support local, and support downtown, but may be a miss for me.  The one worker, had a really saucy attitude - not to be expected at such a place. Will give it another shot!
We were very excited to go to Jasmine after reading the reviews.  Big disappointment.  Overly salty, nearing inedible. Rude waiter.  Short and impatient with my wife, our order, overall experience. Will not be back.  Better service and treatment at restaurants half the price.
For breakfast the prices are high, good food, good service and the people are nice!
I like this place when I don't know where to go for lunch! Small place with a little menu but a good random lunch spot for sandwiches and soups! I recommend the chicken sandwich!
Don't bother showing up early. They tell you to come 15-20 mins before, but they make you stand there in line and wait while a steady stream of people pour in. What's the point???
Best Indian Buffet ever!!! My favorites were the naan of course and the tandori chicken.
This store rocks, Victor the cashier always has a smile and the girls on the front line know my order by heart...couldn't ask for better customer service !
An interesting menu, with average food.
Fresh tortilla, just made. Huge selection of fresh produce. The butcher has everything you can imagine. Fresh fish looked beautiful. Had a $3.50 lunch that was great? Salsa  and guacamole bar , all fresh fresh fresh. Great place to shop for a party.
Love the sandwiches here, they give them to you nice and warm. I have tried about 3 different flavors and have not been disappointed. Their tomato soup is the best!
It is great to have Los Dos in Ahwatukee!   What a great addition to the community.    The food it great.  The people are friendly.\n\nI would love to give them 5 stars, but they'll need to quickly get the folks trained and they need to finish working out the start-up issues.
Huge beer selection and a lot of TVs the only reason for 3 stars is the price of beers. I felt the price on some beers are way pricy
Ewe eat here 2x a week! The fish frys are good.grilled tacos are awesome!!\nThe salsa is great!!! We love it!!\"
i stopped coming her because im not a fan. the servers all have attitudes and the food isnt the best.
The look of this hotel is awesome. Great service in the casino with helpful dealers to walk me thru my first time. Nice rooms with the best views!
amazing food! amazing drink menu! high $$ but definitely worth it!
Shakes were amazing, but the quesadilla was really gross.
The servers behind the counter are rude and move too fast for a first timer! Everything seemed drenched in sauce and I hated that the iced tea was only available behind the counter and I couldn't fill/refill myself. I liked the quick melt oven similar to Quiznos but I wouldn't recommend to a friend.
Great atmosphere, food was good, however, the prices were really high for what you got.
Bad food. Bug problem. In a neighborhood full of homeless roaming the streets like zombies.
Everything is so good here I love the blue cheese burgers, I always have left overs. Some times there's a wait but the last couple times we went we got right in.  Love it
I am very happy I stumbled upon Puff Vapors! Conrad and the staff are very knowledgeable on the subject of vapors! Definitely check this place out first before going anywhere else. The prices are right and all your questions will be answered.
Good crust, decent pie. Not the worst I have had. Not the best. My search for the perfect NY pie continues.
Good location, friendly staff, easy access.  In and out in under 5 minutes.
Great shop! They did my flowers for prom, and I was super satisfied. Awesome customer service, affordable for high school students, and they really support local causes. I would totally recommend.
Tenderloin sandwich.  BORING.  Ok piece of meat yet served on a hamburger bun.  No topping or condiment.  Thin slice of onion and leaf of lettuce is supposed to dress this up?  Skip this sandwich.
For the money was expecting the wow factor and didn't get it. Main course was cold and bland. Guacamole was excellent and the desserts were very good. Disappointed over all. Wouldn't recommend or go there again.
I had a delicious meal at Bouchon. Boudin Blanc. The service was very friendly.
Love this place! They remember us when we come in.  They have excellent shrimp tacos.  You can't beat taco Tuesday!
I've been here before several times and enjoyed it with no complaints.  But this time was not very good.  My boyfriend is now massaging the one hand that was skipped during the massage.  And he is doing a better job!  I don't think I will be returning.
We got to sample some of Belinda's pickles at the Phoenix Public Farmer's Market.  They have a terrific crunch - unlike any I've had before - in 2 flavors.  They were so good we had to buy some to take back to California!
fried fish in a creative place.  If you are a new local, check this place out.  Some fun outside of the strip!  yeah!!
Very nice hotel resort to be in.  Love the decor and the location.  It's right smack in the middle of the strip.  I would definitely stay here on my next Vegas trip
Terrible service. The guy was very mean. I'm glad I am just a tourist. But don't go here. There are other great kosher places around town. Jerusalem grill has a friendlier staff.
The food is great but I have problems every time I go to this location.  Service is very poor. I will not be going to this location any longer I leave upset every time. . .
This place loses another star for employing a Gestapo-like Valet service that prevents anyone from parking on 1st Avenue  who is looking to eat somewhere else like America's Tacos.  I am baffled that Valet service exists out here and that they can successfully block off more than half the street.
What a lot of clutter!  Poor lighting!  I don't know how they manage to stay in business.  It had an old and moldy smell to it! \nI took a quick look around and left. What a trip to the gutter!\nddc
This post office a little hard to find. It's just under the bridge.\nNot too many changes here the heavier set blonde seems to be really grouchy and aggravated all the time because they're really slow at this location I think they need a lot more help.
Amazing indoor pistol shooting range and retail store. Much better then anything available in California. Selection and staff support was good including plenty of 5.56  / 223 ammo for purchase.
Really fantastic hole-in-the-wall. What makes this place is the add-ons - I had the wasabi mayo and dried tomato sauces, the former which gave the burger an incredibly unique flavor. I opted out of cheese, but I think brie or gouda would have been really interesting. Creative and delicious.
One of the best pizzas I've ever had. Love that they use locally sourced cheeses and heritage pigs for their pork products.  The quality of the ingredients shine through in the superb flavor of the pizza.
our pizzas were very good, but the chicken wings and fingers were extremely low end.
Opt for the upgraded room. Its much better than the standard rooms.
dirty with paper-thin walls.
Slow slow slow. Spend some money and hire some more guys to clean the cars. \n\nThey do a good job, but avoid this place unless you have at least 30 minutes to spare.
Little hole in the wall in a tiny casino. The food is awesome and cheap. My meal came with a beer. Would be a 5 star if the place was a little cleaner.
Good place to find cheap stuff. Pretty good selection of cheap gourmet food items. Be careful though, when you go here you end up buying things that you don't even want/need because you are certain that everything you buy is a deal.
Good options including low carb, high protein.  They have great service and you can get a free meal after so many.  Can't beat it... Love this place!
Jan came out to our house and was on time and very professional, we ordered 22 Shutters for our entire house. The shutters were installed within the time frame that we were promised and turned out wonderful. The entire experience has been very professional.
As far as customer service, they receive an A+. Wonderful staff. \n\nAlthough, the food is not my cup of tea. I ordered a side caesar to begin and a pepperoni calzone. The caesar dressing was very fishy. The pizza sauce was way too sweet.
Meh... small.. not really my style.\n\nI prefer Marquee and Hakkasan
Great service, awesome value lunch menu for 11 dollars with salad, potsticker and entree, red curry beyond amazing!  The best Thai in Las Vegas!
Pricey and boring. Everything tasted the same for crying out loud.
Had there 1/2 pound hamburger with mushrooms ...it was really good ..people are very nice there all the time ..I also get garlic pizza for my son  with there special and he just loves it... quick and ez...
It has become one of my favorites when catching a show at the Blumenthal.  The food is quite good.  The service can be sketchy.  Eat outside when the weather permits.
Great food,  nice people. My soup was like a cold canned soup. And it's the only reason that I couldn't give them 5 stars. Everything else was very good.
Quite a spread.  This place has a little of everything.  The real amazing part is that everything is excellent.
Good food, adorable place, nice servers, and they didn't mind that we had to kids at the table, neither of whom were particularly cleanly eaters, yet.  Great neighborhood spot.  My girl LOVED the eggplant benedict.  Original idea!
Best seafood experience, ever! Be sure to sit outside, magical ambiance.  Staff is phenomenal.
Great hookah lounge and Great location for a club. You do not need to go to the strip. The bouncers are hella cool and the crowd is quite alright. Everyone gets a table! I have not eaten here so please take my review with a grain of salt, lime and tequila.
I go here with the fish forum and they always take care of us...even if we are pains in the butt. Bar food but still good
So many places don't have red chile, but LT does and its fantastic. Although I really like this place, some of the food is way to salty for my taste. The staff is always polite (or I would never go back) and the place is very clean. Street tacos and red chile are my favs.
Ask for Teresa she shows what u need even if u don't...  Lol I was pretty specific about what I wanted, and her version was better than I wanted!  She called it \"Hong Kong\" hairstyle!  HAHAHAHAHA
My meat was burned the service was poor. It took 10 minutes to process my debit card . I will not be going to Philly's Famous ever again.
Doesn't return calls.  Tried in May and in July.
I love hot dogs and expected much more of this place. It didn't seem expensive when seeing the menu but the hot dogs are really small, you don't get much of each topping and they charge you separately even for the bun! I felt ripped-off and will definitely not return. Simple food should stay simple.
Been going here for years! Love this place! We always order our usual beef chow fun with gravy,honey walnut shrimp , salt and pepper pork chops and salted fish fried rice..yumm! Best Chinese food I've tasted by far.
Easy airport to get in & out of, & convenient stores & restrooms all along. It would be nice if WiFi was free.
I had a pound of shrimp in their original sauce...and their soft shell crab with fries. The shrimp they served were pretty big and juicy and garlicky too.  Tasty!!  Great service too.
Had a great facial but was put off by how much they pressure you to buy something. I was feeling very relaxed by the end and got suckered into buying something which I later learned is returnable for store credit only. I hate this policy and won't return.
This is the best sushi restaurant I have ever eaten at and I am a sushi snob!  I have tried many other sushi houses  and nothing comes close to this place.  Nice atmosphere, friendly staff and the food is to die for.  The sushi here is always fresh and they serve liquor in addition to the traditional beer, wine and sake.
bad service, yucky coffee and terrible pretzel.  I won't be back.
Good food. Much better than your standard pub grub. The garlic bread is especially awesome. Nice wait staff and a few TVs to watch.
Hidden place for drinks at night!\n\nI had Cocktail Penecilin, a drink made in Milk and Hoeney in NY, its a great drink with ginger and smokey whiskey on top. It was good, a little weak maybe but steal good!\n\nRecomend this place!
Horrible quality and costumer service.  Bought a wallet from them, they were all nice at first but after I bought it and came back to show them some defects with my wallet they smiled at me and told me I'm pretty much out of luck.  Will never go back.
The bathroom was nice. But the room could have been better. I thought Excalibur's room was nicer but it is what it is. It does the trick. It was cheap and not dirty. Plus we got in free at the nightclub LAX cuz we stayed here. So really, not bad.
I ate here primarily because A. I stayed in this hotel and B. they had televisions for the World Cup. I ordered their sangria which was tasty. I had the tostada which was just fine. The ambiance is decent enough for a Vegas eatery. I'd go back.
Gross, repulsive, appauling, disgusting, overrated, dirty, should be shut down by the CDC.  You get the jist?
Come here for a ton of family style Italian food.  You definitely won't leave hungry.
Service was slow, food was just ok, and prices were really high. We were staying at the Pointe Hilton, so it was convenient, but next time we'll get in the car and drive somewhere else.
I'm not a huge Starbucks fan. I only go when I'm given a gift card. Stopped in this morning to try some of their tea.\n\nFound out earl grey isn't my cup of tea
Just came to this fantastic all-you-can-eat sushi bar for the second time.\n\nThe assortment  of sushi chichi me and other appetizers is outstanding. Everything was fresh well presented.  It's fun being Las Vegas and not having to be in the rush of the Boulevard.
The people are not helpful on the phone, empoyees are great management sucks and who ever is working the phones needs to work on their customer service skills
Amazing instructors and they take donations not a set fee. Be generous. :)
This is a very poor implementation of a great idea. I have eaten pre-packaged grocery store sushi which tasted better than this! If you really want to roll your own sushi there are plenty of instructional videos on Youtube. Otherwise, there are plenty of other sushi restaurants priced similarly, which deliver a much superior product.
First impression 1 star because they called to kindly confirm my appointment then immediately followed by a threat to charge me $25 if I didn't show up to my appointment. Classy place.
My favorite flavor is definitely the peanut butter. This froyo is creamy and sweet...just like soft serve ice cream...without the calories and fat. The only problem is that the portions are pretty skimpy. I could have this every day for sure :)
I come here quite often because it's opened so late. Honestly, everything is pretty mediocre except the FRIES. I think they double deep fried it. So good, much crisp
It's been way too long! They've finally added a spicy tonkotsu, which is super bomb!
The food is amazing and the service is getting much better!  Had to come back and change my bad review to a good one.  I highly suggest the Shrimp Torta which is not even on the menu, but should be!
Great place, highly recommend the Philly cheese steak with extra cheese. Only problem is some days it's stacked, others it's way too light.
Place is alright but clearly it does not have the character if the rest of the southside.   I am a fan of Hofbrauhaus and Claddahs in here though.  Shopping is tired and the movie theatre is so so.
Somehow we managed to get a supreme pizza with all of the toppings in the center of the pizza. Crust was good. Just looked like a store bought frozen pizza. I really enjoyed the pepperoni pizza though.
Love the sliders.
The deli guy is really friendly! The girl at Starbucks is not. :\\
Overpriced w/ very average food. Past it's prime.
Great local place.  All the food is good big thanks for the Gluten free options and stevia for my coffee.    perfect location for fast meeting or morning cup.
The service was great and the server was informative and amusingly enthusastic about the food, especially the appetizers.  For a fancy place the prices were unexpected, meaning lower than I expected due to the fanciness.  ie - dry aged steak for $25
Very disappointed in level of service.  Seemed that knowing the owner is a plus as we watched her working the room.\n\nFood is good, but not great.  Tables are way too close together, definitely not a place for intimate dining.
Coffee is okay, the donuts are just okay also. I will not return to this store. I had a coupon for a free coffee and the employee did not know what to do.
Food was not good... and we were hungry ! Deco is outdated. \nService was good. But really the food was tasteless and not appealing .
Always something good going on here.  Kona Grill's Happy Hour has a good selection and some deals to be found, and it goes on 7 days a week!  The servers are very courteous and helpful with making suggestions.
The word is that the Yummy actually had a grease fire in the kitchen, and then the health department got involved and shut it down. \nRegardless, this restaurant no longer exists. Thankfully.
Extraordinary quality and great service. Bacon perfect, eggs perfect, English muffin perfect. My favorite, though, was the grits. Best I've ever had. Coffee was okay; a little strong for my tastes. I highly recommend this restaurant.
It took almost an hour for them to make 2 burgers. Worst service I've had in a long time!
They are not honest at all. They give you an offer but they charge you another price . Do not trust them please
pretty crappy room, but for 60 bucks with 2 beds what can you expect. location is nice though walking distance to the strip. at least the room was clean. only planned on catching z's here so i cant say im disappointed
Have been eating here for 25 years. It used to my favorite place for barbecue. I ordered a half rack of ribs and the bones were soft and tasted awful. The waitress took it back to the cook. The cook said that happens sometimes and sent out two cold pieces of rib. I won't be going back sad to say.
This location is way better than the one by me in NY.  They have such great variety, and are very friendly about letting you customize a burrito so you get just what you want.
First time at this location. The lady at the register was super friendly and the chicken katsu is on point!
Hands down, best pizza in my side of town. They are family owned and creates gourmet pizzas that are really tasty. If you haven't tried them yet, you are missing out. Seriously.
I went there with some friends and we all liked it. My wife and i had a vegetarian sandwich called a Caprese, my daughter had an italian and my friend had the Montagu. They were very inexpensive for the strip but i was hungry after my sandwich.
Stunning arrangements . Contemporary \nand artistic. They go above and beyond to please.
Tori is the best eye brow threader I have ever gone to! Shes super sweet, efficient and does an amazing job. Im always so happy when I go see her! Never again would I get my eyebrows waxed, EVER.
So good and such great service. I would come here again and again. The food is amazing, the atmosphere great, and the staff was super friendly.
Everytime I've come here the last four months or so it hasn't been the same. The flavors are watered down and bland and disappointing. I used to love this place :(
Excellent local bar in a great location.  Enjoyed watching the sun set from their outdoor patio.  Best feature:  the Polish food.  Cabbage rolls are the best!
It's a Food Fight restaurant, and this place has reliably decent food in big portions for reasonable prices.  It's very similar to Market Street Diner in Sun Prairie, and like there, the real star of the show is the pie.  I've only been here for dinner, and I've never had any complaints.
Always love coming to Fresh and Easy and have never had a bad experience EXCEPT for today! I got a Chicken Noodle Soup and it was spoiled :( SO GROSS! Oh well... I also got a Caprese sandwich and it was delicious.
Good place to go to for coffee near the university. Nice staff, too.
Bad service\nPubic hair and make up on \"clean\" towel\nDirty room\n3 out of 3 restaurants on property\nDelivered sub-standard food quality and service.\nInsect in bed (see photo)\nWill never return.\nEnough said.
Great food! It's a small place and doesn't look like much outside. I actually drove past it the first time. Once I found it I was glad I did. Possibly the best ribs I have ever had. The wife's pulled piggy sandwich was great too!
good sushi, nice atmosphere and the price is right!!!
Our group often pops by The Chuckbox when we are in Arizona for our annual Spring Training trip.  Great burgers, great price!\n\nI hear the complaints about the ambiance, but I come for the burgers, so I don't really care about the decor.
I have been in Sweden for several months where I can't find any bagel at most of the supermarkets. Luckily, I travelled to Edinburgh found this shop at the station and order a BBQ chicken bagel. It was not bad!
Collard greens, shrimp, fries and fish were perfect!! I have a happy stomach and a smile on my face!! Nice place, great people...love it!! Cannot wait to go back and sample more of this yummy food!!!
Pho\n\nPros: piping hot, tender meat, hot jalapenos\nCons: bland broth, small portion of bean sprouts\n\nService\n\nWell, I was the only one there and it was fast and attentive.
Rick was awesome. A bird broke my window and I needed it repaired quickly. He came at a convenient time and made time for me with very short notice. If I every need a window man in the future, he will definitely be my guy!
Have been eating here since 1979. Greek family owned. Started wit the Zack's special and hot dogs all the way. Other great choice are Fried chicken and hamburger steak dinner. A Charlotte institution, you will not be disappointed.
Staff who work at Bally's are friendly! Rooms are very spacious however the lobby and the casino area are VERY VERY VERY smokey. I wouldn't return due to the poor air quality.
Love the carne asada burrito. This place offers a great assortment o Mexican style food with a bit of a twist. A definite must try if you are in the area.
So good! Fantastic service. Great fresh food. Daily, in restaurant, freshly made desserts. Decent wine list. Fun & intimate atmosphere. The wait on Weekend nights can be much but well worth it. Love all the traditional Greek dishes here! I could eat here once a week & never get bored.
Salads are ok. first time here for the price it's better then getting a salad at a fast food place. Everything is fresh but just didn't love it if you eat there it smells a bit weird outside. Not sure what the smell is.
Very rude manager. She acted like I was an idiot with every question I had. She acted like it was such a hassle to give me a sample after I spend $50.00. I will not return.
The best ramen ive had so far
My go-to restaurant for very tasty, genuine Thai food. Great lunch specials.  Favorites from the dinner menu: fish cake, tom kha soup, pad thai, hot basil, Thai iced tea
Our puppy just graduated from the Puppy 101 course this week. Leah is awesome with helping all of the dogs out and had an answer to help all our problems. We just got another puppy and he is already signed up for her training to begin in February. So glad we decided to go here! \n\nThanks, Leah!
came for a calvin harris night with presale tickets ($75+fees from online).\nthis place lacks an outside area where you can chill and talk. wasn't worth the hype.
Ordered take out today, disappointed with the rolls, very ordinary and unappealing for the price, just didn't taste great. Maybe wrong food choice or maybe take out is not smart for sushi. Mango mochi is avoidable too, too sweet and overwhelming artificial tasting flavor. Wish I had better news!
Wasn't to impressed with there bacon & cheddar sandwich. The bacon was cold,eggs were mediocre,cheese tastes nasty. I asked them to toast it,they didn't. It tasted like they put it in the microwave for 10 seconds. The only thing that was good was the asiago bagel.
This place used to be a lot of fun when it first opened and the quality of ladies were better. That's no offense to how it is now, just liked it better a few years ago. Food still tastes the same (nothing bad, nothing amazing) but still a nice bar to go to for a drink or two
Service is always good.  Last meal I tried the mussels and was disappointed that they included broken shells and did not de-beard the mussels.  Too bad, because the food here is usually fairly good and consistent.
Never again! Noodles were good, but that about it. The rest of it was barely okay.  And it took way too long to get change since we paid cash. Don't waste your time.
Une de mes haltes r\u00e9guli\u00e8res au march\u00e9 jean talon : tarte pacanes, carr\u00e9 au citron, scones... C'est bon !
Food was undeniably fantastic, but felt shunned after my son ordered a beer and was denied because he left his wallet at the hotel.  Kept staring at him like he
Great lunch specials! Good wings and pizza!
The Worst customer service I have ever experienced! \nAfter returning 2 days after my manicure peeled off I ended up taking my own polish off and leaving as I was condescended to by women who don't understand what customer service is.\nRun away!
Well let's see they charge for towel if they are drity. They don't have housekeeping.on the weekends.  They make u wash your towels to get clean towels. Rooms smell like smoke even if it non smoking . swimming pool is hella cold. Ever take a chlorine bath don't jump in the pool.
Checkin online and then call and ask wait time
God I hate Roberto's. The burritos are so damn sloppy and it looks like someone opened up a tortilla and took big a dump in it. It's like pig slop. Chicken burrito has more onions and peppers then chicken.
Very friendly and food was delicious.. Will be back next time in Vegas for sure!!
ordered sliders... the inside was purple. the Caesar salad was nothing to write home about. but the pretzel sticks were yummy.
Breakfast burrito is good but it only comes with two teeny weeny stingy little cups of salsa.  Raise the price a little and give me more salsa and I'll give you five stars.  I like salsa.  3 1/2 rounded down to 3.
Being a big fan of breweries i was not impressed with this place. They only had 3 of there beers on tap which I really didn't care for besides the Double IPA. The food smelled and looked awesome which I will have to go back and try but as far as beer goes there are better breweries around town.
Waiting line was a little bit longer than usual... Not enough manpower??\nWhat?? A 15 to 20 minutes wait????\nLol..
Pho here was ok, broth was to salty for my taste even after squeezing in half a lemon. Portions were decent, the server was very nice and pleasant. The middle asian man taking our order was kinda sad looking... Didn't even crack a smile..
The service was very friendly. The food was terrible. Burger and fries tasted old and were cold.
Recommend trying the coke cola store. For $7.00 the around the world taste. So fun! And you can even shop and buy souvenirs and take pics with the polar bear. My favorite is seeing the kids get along. Lol!
DJs are assholes and don't listen to requests. They play songs from 6 years ago and pay zero attention to the fact that no one is dancing to their tired mixes.
On my second trip back, I went to Samantha and she cave me a bleeping fantastic cut.  I'm actually moving back to the Bay Area, so I won't be able to come back and see Samantha and Diena (aesthetician), but I highly recommend them both.
Flavoriffic! Looking for tons of flavorful popcorn options? This is the place to go! Cheese, Salty, Sweet, or Mix, they have it all. \n\nMy Favorites: \nJalapeno Ranch - yum!
Smells of tobacco throughout the casino..ugh....the place is just plain outdated
It's crazy how many people rave about this place. I'm Thai and I do not like this place! I've come about a handful of times trying something new each time. Food is just OK but have never left satisfied with my food! Go down the street to pin Kaow!
I am only a fan of the Monday special that they have and their Pizza. I Absolutely love love love their pizza.  I cannot get enough!  So if we go out to eat we will only come here on Mondays.
Bar and restaurant named after the hit I Love This Bar.  They host live bands and have a nice dance floor.  Toby has been known to show up for a guest appearance.
The food is good but not great. The hamburger was very squished inside the aluminum and I would understand that at a fast food place but not in a place where they make it right there and then. I loved the fries though.
Their pizza is fantastic! I was honestly shocked by how good it is. They have a slightly \"chewy\" crust with great toppings and at a very fair price. Two thumbs up!
Fun environment.  Good service.  Terrible food.
My husband took me here and I fell in love with the food and atmosphere. Their pea soup is to die for. And they have a great sommelier. I love coming here and highly recommend it for any special night out or even just to try the food for all the foodies out there.
Holy crap is this place good!
Far too expensive for the quality.  Yes, the fact that they are in Caesar's contributes to the prices, but the quality doesn't back the prices up.
It was just okay. It's over $100 for two for dinner!  we went dec 30th because we are staying at Aria. \nIt was clean, yes, by the food substandard. The Indian food was good, though, and my favorite part.
Love to study here with my earplugs in...Of course you can also just people watch. ;)
Having lived in Germany for 7 years, this is one of the few places where I have found good German food in the US. I would rate it 5 stars, but they really could improve on the service.
If you genuinely like any Denny's, you should probably stop visiting/reviewing Yelp.
Always leaving incredibly happy
You will never be disappointed at Pueblo Grande Museum and Archaeological Park. Too many wonderful things to do and see.between the beauty of the grounds, the impressive architecture and the amazing exhibits you will always leave saying when I come back I want to see.
The Sunday brunch here is excellent (the Beignets au Chocolate stand out in my mind), and the courtyard setting is beautiful. There's an emphasis on local and organic food, which we really appreciate. \n\nThis will definitely be one of our regular restaurant stops in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.
I saw 2 sharts, a skullet and a brony!
My Mother In Law got her puppy back after spending most of day getting groom and they cut her eye so bad I had to take her to the vet.  This place should be shut down.\n\nJoe Rodrigues
Crepes are awesome here. You just order at a window then they'll call your number so there's not really any interaction with the employees. Grab a table while someone else waits for the crepes or you'll be standing and eating.
Not a big fan of the wait, the run down location or all the birds attacking you for the food.  The food was great, but the atmosphere was kind of annoying.
Don't bother going here. The workers were rude and unprofessional, the miso soup was old, and the sushi was too fishy and just off. There's too many better places to eat then here.
I have lived in Anthem for the past 6 years and have never tried this place until now. I am so happy I finally did. Good food at reasonable prices. Also very clean.
drinks are great just not the employees. Very inconsiderate, chatting with eachother while there's a long line of customers.
This is frozen reheated Chinese at best. I can't believe other reviews saying it's the best Chinese they've ever had. I've had better Chinese samples at Costco. Nice atmosphere. Looks like a nice bar. Waitress was nice. Just don't eat the food.
I had to rent a trailer to move some odds and ends. the staff was friedly and very helpful. I forgot my receiver so they let me use one at no charge and evey let me use a tail light adapter instead of making me buy one. great staff.
Don't waste your time or money, incredibly slow service. I get that its family owned however they need to get with the times and truly make a effort to connect with their guests, especially first time guests. Very disappointed.
Great after a night out drinkin! Gets crowded but it was pretty good. I would def go back. Waffles and omelets were delish
Delish carne asada burritos! Came here for a quick lunch and was blown away by the flavor. If they had one of these places where I live, I'd be fat in no time.
Update: tried the pan fried broccoli tonight. Normally, broccoli isn't something I'd get too excited about, but this was by far the best broccoli I've ever had! Highly recommend :). It comes with the NY steak but you can also order it ala carte.
Phan is amazing especially if you like stiletto nails, her gel polish with glitter are amazing she's super talented fun cute her English is impeccable. My only complaint is they are a bit expensive but I will keep going
Every time we order from here something is wrong. Pizza is cold. We ordered wings the had no sauce yea no hot sauce at all. You can't expect much from a chain pizza place but this location is horrible. The service woah it's like you are asking them to much to correct your order.
3.5 Stars\n\nThe food was better than okay and had me wanting to come back to explore their menu.  The corn beef hash took a minute but was definitely worth the wait.  \n\nWill definitely be back the next time we're in Vegas.
Amazing scallops and larger than life prawns! I recommend sitting outdoors to enjoy that Vegas hot summer night and the Treasure Island pirate show. With great music and a lively ambiance, you're also greeted with the comforting scent of fresh baked garlic bread with marinara dipping sauce.
They get my order wrong every time
This a great little italian place. The decor is stylish and the ambience is romantic. The food is excellent and house chianti is very tasty and reasonably priced.
The food and service were both subpar. They were out of french fries, there was hair in the food, and to top it off the mac' n' cheese noodles were soggy.The food is made \"as you order\" which meant it took 20 minutes to get it. Overall not somewhere I would ever eat again!
I am giving 4 stars, probably 1 more than they deserve. However, after the nightmare of nastiness at the IHOP a block away...Roxys was a welcomed retreat. We had breakfast here twice. Good food (a lot of it), very clean restaurant and the servers are very nice.
The cheesesteak is definitely not the best thing here.  I actually prefer Charlie's to this place.  However, I would recommend the other sandwiches they offer like the breaded chicken sandwiches.  I like this place because its open 24 hours and I can get lunch/dinner food at any time of day.  :)
Yeah, I dig this place. A diner that has all sorts of options for multiple diets and still has that greasy spoon feel to it. Lots of different seating options too: outside, a big ol booth inside. Fried oysters were good and hush puppies great.
Excellent sushi, really good bold and fresh flavors. I had the Chicago roll and it was awesome. They were also very generous with the sauce. Although as to be expected, it was quite pricey, and they did forget to serve the ginger. Nevertheless it was a good meal and i will be coming back.
This movie theater is pretty good.  Seats are comfy and big and they have the nice elevated seating so someone's head isn't blocking your view at all.  Never had a problem with movie quality or sound.  Cleanliness is just alright...what you would expect from a big theater like this.
Really good food and really good service. I got bibim noodles and the patty was delicious. My dad liked the seafood stone rice bowl. My mom had some fried chicken dish which was pretty good too.
They happen to have the best burgers in town!  My husband & I love the special \"Blackened Salmon\" and the Black & Blue salad is addicting-nice, clean local pub to eat & feel comfortable.  Servers are very nice-sometimes you have to be patient until the food comes out but its worth the wait!
Came in with a Groupon coupon I was told I would have to pay the additional cost for a larger car which I was fine with but then they told me that my coupon was only worth face value, they wouldn't honor any discount on a large vehicle, so this place should be called just brakes for small vehicles.
comfortable, good food.  The bar was good for after dinner drinks.  Leslie, the bartender, was great!
Where's My Walk has been wonderful!  I would highly recommend them for all of your pet sitting needs.
Great food!  Great prices! Worth a little wait to get in!  Falafal is bomb!
This store is great all the shipping supplies you would ever need. Super cute boxes to mail presents and cute cards. Very friendly and helpful staff. Convenient location and hours. I would recommend for any shipping needs.
I went here against my best judgement.  I have been before and the food was so awful I said I'd never be back. Well, last night it was the only sushi spot nearby open so I went back. The food was tasteless even their green tea sucks. For real this time I'm never going back.
The best chain sub shop I  have been to!!  Fresh soft bread with lots of thin freshly shaved meat and cheese with fresh veg and great seasonongs.  Freindly workers and good sweet tea.  Wish there would migrate to the Nothwest!
This is one of favorite places for New Mexico style Mexican food. They have good size portions of authentic Mexican favorites at reasonable prices. I love their enchiladas and sopapillas. I also love the atmosphere. It's very relaxed and welcoming.
Super good! Best boneless wings in town. Freshly made and tasty flavor.
Worst McDonald's ever bad costumer service cold burgers cold fries the manager lady is the biggest B**** I have meet,  the people that work there are slow and dumb I think I rather drive out of my way than come here.
Great decorations and atmosphere, although a slightly older crowd. Mandy, our server & bartender was very kind and helpful. The food was delicious but comes in very small portions and with slowish service. Overall a very enjoyable dining experience.
Great lunch today. The carving station offered Sirloin, Turkey and Pork Loin. All were very good. The flavors really brought out the flavor. And the buffet was great, with my favorite being the crab salad. I will come back soon for dinner.
Theater is nice. Employees are kids and they could care less if you are there or not. Seats and inside are good. It's 108 outside and the A/C inside would go from cool to warm, never cold.   Entry prices are very reasonable. Concessions are run of the mill theater pricing.
Waiting  30 minutes for a burger is a joke.  It's time to grow up and ditch the food truck and get a real location.
The food was good but not deserving of the price on the menu. The bartender and server were not attentive at all making the experience even worse.
This spot offers very friendly service... I was craving shredded chicken and theirs was awesome. Very well seasoned and juicy... I will be back...
I am from Chicago and found the food very good at this restaurant.  I would come back again to eat here.
Nice decor and... that's all :-(\n\nService is impersonal and food is just extremely greasy and not savory at all.\n\nDisappointing overall
Newest addition to the wynn lineup. XS' indoor/outdoor design is consistent with the motif of Blush and Tryst. Great organization of tables and easy-to-navigate walkways. Check it out.
Absolutely fantastic. It really is like they \"beamed\" a top-notch Boston fish fry straight to Litchfield Park. This is 100% legit THE BEST FISH you'll find for hundreds of miles.
I've been bored with Cirque de Soleil and it's progeny since the mid 90s when my Mom started dragging me to the original tent shows.  Le Reve is clearly derived from the Cirque de Soleil model.  Yawn.
Only go if you have the Groupon, otherwise this place is a total rip. Yogurt is watery and not solid like it should be and they are priced higher then others. I prefer Yogurt Land over this place.
This place is New... I love the Grind and yet this place can't get it right yet! I am going to give it a month and hope they work out the menu and educate their staff a little more with the things on the menu!  I wish them the best!
The YACE is a great deal! The food is fresh and always good. The place is usually packed so expect to wait if you come on the weekend or in the evening. Its worth the wait.
Tried for the first time liked it ill go back
fantastic southern style. It was good.
Wife and I were glad they opened up here on this side of town. We immediately became members. \nThe facility is impeccable! The staff is extremely courteous and helpful!! We had a excellent time on the range and a great experience here! \nKeep up the good work!!!!
Overcooked dry filet mignon, very cold ambiance. Waiters seemed very confused and messed up on many orders in a reservation for 40 people.. The oysters were way to salty.. I won't be in a rush to return any time soon!
Amazing service.  Ken, the owner, kept my friends and me laughing the entire time we were here on our last leg of vacation.  The food was fresh and delicious. I would make it a point to come back here next time I am out in Vegas because of my experience.
Great looking shop, there wasn't enough staff. Or they were too busy talking with customers took ages to get through the check out!\n\n\nYeah forget this!
Stopped in for breakfast while staying at hotel across the street. The staff was pleasant and attentive. I ordered a short stack of pancakes. They were big, but as for taste it was eh. I ate em, but I've had better. Next time I want pancakes I'll find an IHOP.
It took me less time to draw blood than to draw tears because I did not have an appointment. \nExcellent facilities.\nThe interaction with patients is quick and professional.\nWhen you need to test your health..
Happy hour is very good! The waitresses were very friendly.  The reason of taking 2 stars off was that the Asian man (hope he is not owner). He asked us whether we are ready to go while we were enjoying the dinner.  He put the check without saying anything. We felt we were NOT welcomed & rushed to get out!
Food Poisoning ... enough said.    No more reheater places for me!  Well as long as the wife doesn't force me.
There is no other coffee shop/wine spot I love as much, unless it's the Barriques in Fitchburg. Morning or night, it has the perfect ambiance and great service.
I'll tell you I was nervous to have sushi in Vegas but it was as good as any I've had in Seattle. Clean, friendly and yummy! Get the boat! Its beautiful and deliciously fresh! Worth every penny!
Service was horrible..food was ok. For such a great location so disappointed.
Loved it.  Luscious burger but really had a tough time picking something from the extensive menu.  Music was also too loud (is this a Charlotte thing?)\n\nWill def be back here.\n\n\nThumbs up.
Been here for two badger basketball games. Absolutely great atmosphere on game day but the food is average. I'll come here on game days but not for much else... No Heinz ketchup which is sad as Heinz ketchup is the king of condiments
Love, love, love! I had yummy Italian beef...the hot peppers are a must!  The atmosphere is great and I cannot wait to come back for a Chicago dog ASAP. I finished my meal with the Chocolate Cake shake and I'm sure no other shakes compare! Delish!!!!
Moist cake.. icing not so great. I tried the Red velvet (best), Oh My Ganache and Strawberry shortcake. It temporarily satisfied but I prefer Sprinkles/Crave Cupcakes.
I used tatman's to have a few small scratches removed.  The workmanship was alright but the customer service was mediocre at best.  It took many visits to ensure the job was done correctly.  I would recommend you look elsewhere for better service.
I loved Mandayay Bay Resort & Casino. It was clean, beautiful, fun, our room was georgous!  So much to do there, good entertainment, good food. Had a great time and we will go back soon!
Awesome!\n\nTo be 550 ft over Las Vegas was great. They play some fun music and everyone was really social inside the orb. IA\n\nIt was worth the $25. Its a 30 minute ride so go to the bathroom before you get in.
There is a ton of stuff here for kids to interact and play with. Sadly, the LEGO exhibit isn't open yet. Also, I don't have any kids! Still, tons of great art and history here if you're into this subject matter. I would probably choose some other attraction if I had the choice.
Great location with fast service and cheap drinks ($5 for wine and beer). \n\nI pre-gamed here while I waited for my friends to join me for the Madonna concert, great idea since the drinks in the concert venue were $16 a piece. Ouch.
Very nice, you could lose time in here for several hours if you are not careful...
Back again for the lunch buffet... all chicken curries and no fish this time.. YES!!!!\nI'm on my 3rd plate of food and slowly getting the itus.  Lol\nIf you don't know what itus is, google it. :-)
Best Pho in Phoenix and the best price.  No place better and no place cheaper.  Me an My wife go back again and again. Very Very Very good.  12 - 14 dollars two people with water as drink. you can't beat that.
I had the steak, onion, cheese sub and a square deep dish pizza. The sub bread was very stale the steal tasted bland I had to add salt and spaghetti sauce to make it edible. The pizza bread was way over done to greasy but the red sauce was really good, and the toppings was yummy.
Just an FYI, they've shut down. :(
The guy who helped me spent a lot of time finding the right size helmet in the color I wanted. He was very helpful in sizing and also giving me direction on gloves and a tank bag. I would highly recommend this company.
Decent food but nothing special, best spot in the area
Excellant service and very good food.  First time at a Korean BBQ.  The server recommended a few items my children might like and they did.
Do they really need another review. They are awesome, you should eat  here.
I've been to concerts here a few times - this is the best venue for small concerts in the Valley. The acoustics are perfect and there is not a bad seat in the house. It's a small venue so you can see the artists up close - it's very intimate.
First time having Afternoon tea time in the States. This place is very beautifully decorated. We had the Earl Grey and peach ginger tea. They were really good and the tea stand was AMAZING
Simple fast and good food.  Order, pay, eat and leave.  It's really kind of refreshing and then you get guality food in addition. It's kind of a no brainer. Affordable and good portion sizes as well.  The service is actually pretty nice too.
The food was amazing and the service was one of the best. Thanks to our server Melisa.
Is it a North Carolina thing to have bathroom attendants in every men's room, hustling to give you a piece of paper towel from the automatic dispenser and ingratiating himself for tips?  This is not a nightclub, right?  And if it is, it is the worst nightclub airport in the world.
I got a Burrito Bowl yesterday to go and as soon as I opened to dig in there was a HAIR in it. How disgusting, don't get me wrong I love Chipotle but this was just too gross. I've permanently checked this location off my list.
Service is quick?  Whoever said that was paid by the resturant.  Service was s l o w!!!!! Food was pretty good, but just be prepared to wait for it. The 3 stars are for the food. Service gets 0.
I love this place. Mariya is amazing, best massages I've ever had and really good pricing! Sydney also gives great massages. Definitely recommend!!
Very good tapas and great selection of adult beverages. Be careful though, it's easy to spend a lot of money here by ordering a lot of tasty pitchers of sangria or mojoto's then followed up by the delicious assortment of tapas.
So so good. All the chicken dishes are great.
Had a spa pedicure, excellent! Very relaxing,clean place reasonable price, no waiting, close to Orleans
2 Thumbs up Rocco's nailed it with the New York Style pizza.  Best I've had in a while
If you are looking for a reasonably priced lunch buffet in downtown Pittsburgh - this fits the bill.  $8.95 per person.  Food was decent and not too spicy.  Not as many choices as other buffets but enough to eat for lunch.
My girlfriend and I. just had dinner there tonight and it was not bad at all. There fries were realy good and the Hamburg buns were great.
I love everything about this market...I love the food especially the nam. I buy all my ingredients here when I feel like cooking some Lao food for my husband.
Food is okay for the price. \n\nGet the frozen hot chocolate to share!
Called two weeks ago and left a message regarding the project in my home and was told I would hear back from someone by Monday...still waiting.  Seems a shame as she has such high reviews.
the sushi is nothing special and they're VERY proud of it.  that's why i only go here for happy hour.  Saporo bomber and saki for something like $5.  the happy hour menu is enough to set you right, but i come for the drinks and the scenery.
The best!
Dom DeMarco's has the best pizza in town.  Also the meatballs are fantastic.  Service is always friendly, especially when sitting at the bar.  Highly recommend this restaurant.
Stayed there in 2009, the room was old, dark and ugly. If you're planning on staying there, better  to go to Signature MGM, which is much nicer. Just 5 mins walk from the MGM Grand. At least it's at a great location.
Nice addition to the Bloomfield area. Roomy, clean interior. Service was prompt. Food was pretty good and tasted fresh, and the prices were reasonable. The sweet carrots side is surprisingly tasty. I really wish they had sushi though! Also the restroom strangely does not have a lock on the door...
Great food and atmosphere. Service is a little slow but I understand breakfast is hard to keep up with! Would definitely recommend this place. Yum!
love thai food.  love this place.  they deliver too!
This place is ok.  I kind of feel like it's a Five Guys clone.  Although the burger is a tad smaller.  But not as greasy.  Also they don't have cajun fries.  Ok so it's not exactly Five Guys, but it's still pretty good.
Another great Kimpton hotel. Service is top notch. Big pools and 2 hot tubs are a plus
Overpriced and under-whelming. Better coffee at MCDonald's. No full-flavored roasts... tastes like hot water. Got a cookies as well and it was $4... and dry as a bone. Nough said.
The food is ok but it is definitely pricey. You will be still hungry after spending $10.
I think it's overrated, the wait is long also. \nThe homemade corned beef hash was good though
It is a beautiful restaurant with lots of staff, but provides a mediocre dining experience.   We waited for over 45 minutes between the first course and our entrees and had to beg for water.   The lamb chops were mostly fat and everything else was extremely salty.   We couldn't wait to leave.   Oh, and prices are ridiculous.
I love a nice little coffee/tea cafe with Asian flavor! Try a tasty boba tea with a tasty nutella toast! Can't go wrong and the service is great!
Best wings in the southeast.  Although bar is smokey the wings are hot.
I like this place. It's got a great feel to it, the food is reasonably priced, and the meatball sandwich was very good.
Gotta love N9NE steakhouse at the Palms.  Beautiful people, exceptional service, and stellar food.  What a combo.
It was awful!  Cold pizza, the wings were not good either and it was $39 for a large one topping, two liter of soda and 8 wings, so pricey as well.  I ordered it at 4:45 and it was delivered at 6:19.  I will not spend money here again!
Great breakfast !!!! Lemon stuffed pancakes were great but too much for one person to eat.  Everything else was delicious.  Definitely going back.
Awesome food. I will recommend this establishment to others without hesitation! We had three bottles of wine for free with coupons from our hotel. Try the stuffed mushrooms. You will be happy. This place makes your tongue smack your brains out!
You get what you paid for, very nice quality. The ambiance of the store is great as well. Perfect for professional meetings, dates, or bringing your parents to.
Went in this morning to pick up some donuts for my co-workers. As I entered, the doorbell rang and I waited a solid three minutes for service, I heard them talking in the back but no one ever came out to greet me...
wow!  such a beautiful place!  from the golf course to the bars and outside patio, it's great.  We went there for Infusioncon and it was awesome!
So much fun! Love the laser tag! Laser maze is so much fun! We will defiantly be back! Recommend 3 hr pass
Great services but bad taste!!
This was our first visit there and I must say it was decent.  Not spectacular food, but good.  Great prices and not overly greasy.  The fries were not very good, soggy and limp, but we didn't go for the fries anyway.  Super fast service. Cash only though. Will definitely return to try other items.
I have been a few times with my wife and by myself. I love it. It seems clean and the help is sincere and accommodating. The chicken is good and spicy!
Many thanks to Moises (and Beeuyani) for their patience with my personalized order. I was so thankful to customize due to dietary restrictions - and not made to feel bad - that I had it every day! Very reasonably priced all things considered. 15 min wait was worth it.
Third time in a row, they give me the wrong drink. Employees are rude and it's was more expensive than any other Starbucks.
I've tried giving this place a few chances but they screw up orders everytime never  have got my order right since the first time I went I actually used to like fat burger
I am so very pleased with the quality of both the customer service and the work of Clearly Clean Carpets.  Friendly, professional, honest, thorough and well-priced - what more could you ask for?  I'll be a loyal customer for a long time to come.
The food is okay but nothing to write home about.  The main appeal of this place is that it's open 24 hours so it's a good place to go after you've been drinking all night for a dose of greasy food.  There is also a special on the smoked meat the first Tuesday of every month.
The staff seems knowledgeable and courteous but the hours of operation are very random.I've been here twice to buy ammo and the store was closed when the sign says they are supposed to be open. My advice would be to call first to make sure someone is there before you make the trip.
Quality food, unprofessional and unacceptable service.  Too many choices in Vegas to get treated poorly in any paying establishment.
The beds were incredibly comfy, but you can hear all the noise from the hallway, which woke me up before sunrise each night. The pool is big, the casino waitstaff is attentive, and valet parking is included in your room stay. It's a fun & clean casino with sleek rooms!
I enjoyed my visit here, food is good and is so much better then the rubber stamped sushi restaurants.  Not a big place but big enough to have a good time and conversation while enjoying great sushi. I have only had sake and beer.. not sure if they have a full bar but I will check it out next time.
We went to watch an MMA fight and it was great, the food was good, the service was good and the atmosphere was great.  We would have bowled but all the lanes were booked, which is a good sign.\n\nI really like this place and can't wait to go back
I love, love, love this place! I almost hesitate to write a review because I want to keep it a secret and have all the wonderful finds to myself. There are always new discoveries every time I go and I love shopping for my clients here.  The prices are really fair too which I love since I'm such a bargain hunter.
Owner resolved issue
This is by far the worst BWW!  Several of the other reviews spotlight my issues as well service is horrible and often very stingy with sauce.  I will not be going back to this BWW
Tony is the best. Met him through a friend and very glad we did. He's taken great care of our golden. Always asks how Scrappy is doing.
Our party had chicken parmesan, baked ziti, pork special and a bottle of Pino Grigio.  Servers were nice but the food was just average.  The typical pasta dishes were reasonably priced but the specials seemed spendy and our bottle of wine was $32.  Not sure I'd go again.
It's funny----I had heard that Gus had good pie.  All I can say is it must taste really good when you're under the table.  When you are sober, it's pretty medicre pizza, folks, even if they do deliver at 3am.....
Great Happy Hour. If your off the strip visiting friends and family this place is located in the Town Square. Service is kinda slow but the drinks and food is good.
a lot of money for nothing , I stilla to have my problem and I still to pain.
simply the best..staff is awesome and coconut mocha ROCKS!!!  Generous deals..great concept and franchise...they kick Starbuck's A**!!
Love the food area, looks like a miniature New York. Lots of good shops. Has a bridge to the MGM Grand. The magic shop is worth a look.
best poutine ever
we made a reervation and still had to wait an hour, This place sucks. The chicken was dry and had barely any jus on it. The steaks sucked and everything was very bland and not flavorful. Service sucked too. I recommend stk or boa. This place should shut down. Way over rated.
Toto's is so-so.  Not bad or good, just fine.
Great Gyros.  Fast & Friendly service.  Mini-mart & desserts attached to cafe.
I'm not clear why this place boasts \"you can experience the best food the whole world has to offer\".  The free chocolate covered strawberry was a nice touch but didn't make this the best restaurant.  It wasn't BAD...it just wasn't that good.
Would of given it Four stars but couldn't believe no free wifi...they charge you $11.99 per day for wifi, come on in this day and age not to provide free wifi that's a good reason to go elsewhere.
Great pizza and quality live music. Two of my family members are vegan and ordered the meatless sausage and meatball sandwiches. I had a bite of both and they were delicious. The owner recommended her original handmade vegan cheesecake. It was excellent. It wasn't on the menu yet so you may have to ask for it.
Fun for the uniqueness factor but was sadly underwhelmed with the pizza, which wasn't served piping hot. Pricey ($5/slice) but might be worth checking out just for the curiosity factor.
Slowest McDonald's I have ever been too. Nice staff but slow. Literally sat in line in drive through 10-15 mins at the window on three separate occasions. If you go inside it's worse.
I went there to do some check on my car, they are good on knowledge base but the are so slow on doing things a 1 hour fix got extended to 3 hours.\nalso they are a little bit more expensive than normal car shop
Had both brunch and dinner. Pricing is very fair and the food outstanding. It's tricky to find but don't let that stop you. Go!
INCREDIBLY ignorant security and staff when it comes to accommodating an electric vehicle such as a Tesla.
Eric and his team at Speedpro have done some amazing work for clients of mine and their experiences have been nothing short of top notch.  Quality work completed on schedule for a reasonable price.  Highly recommend Speedpro for printing and imaging needs.  Large format and vehicle wraps are their specialty.
First of all, what a beautiful salon! The place was very relaxing and modern. Hossai does a fantastic job with color. I definitely recommend seeing her for color and cute.
I love this place!\n\nIt's not fancy, it's a little corner diner but their coffee is very good.  Better than some of our local coffee shops even.  Their breakfast is much better t
Literally was on the table five minutes after ordering. Seems positive except the food taste about as good as 5 minute food can taste. Simple lemonade taste like flavored water which ranked about the same as for blandness of food.  Should have gone to Buca.
Food is fine. Atmosphere is casual. Beer selection was limited. I consider it a decent place for bite but, nothing memorable. They do have a wide selection of entrees if you have a large hard to please group.
Amazing meal. Great options on the menu and the Front Porch teas went down very, very easily!  My advice is to order lots of different things and share. Everything is tasty.  The Brady burger is porktastic!
In my opinion, this is not the place for Fish Tacos. My order lacked taste, and condiments. Atmosphere is down to earth but because they don't have indoor seating I probably would not visit this joint in the summer.
I wouldn't recommend this company.  There door to door salesman Zack W. can't follow directions.  Despite a no solicitors sign at our door he still rang the bell.  I advised him I didn't want his service or his card.  He still left his companies trash at my door with his name on it.
The club is pretty small, and the crowd was pretty lame. Some creepers in the area! We had hookups in Vegas and particularly at this club. We got free table service, and the two people that served us were really nice, so props to them.
I will continue to go to Starbucks because I haven't been able to make my own carmel mocciato at home. Service could have been much better. It was like I was invisible.  The employees talking amongst themselves,  lack of teamwork. Slow service. I'll have to buy my coffee drinks at another store.
The place looks nice. The food wasn't anything special and the portion was not big enough.
Great Stuff.  It's hard for a diehard traveling pizza lover to often find some loveable pizza but I did here.
Great small brew pub! Staff was very friendly, atmosphere is great and the beer was good! Will definitely be returning many times to this new spot!
Now they accepted American express card:)
Great experience!  Nick did my nails and he was very friendly and obviously knew hos stuff. All of the staff were friendly and I loved the decor. I'll be going back for sure and I would recommend this place to anyone in the southwest area
The quality of the sushi is above average, but the prices on the strip are something to always keep in mind.  We sat at the sushi bar, and the sushi chefs were attentive, but didn't really go out of there way to help us select anything interesting to eat from their menu.
I was happy with the food I got here- it's pretty normal casual dining. They're supposed to be well-known for their desserts, but as most other reviews will attest to, there's nothing really special about the desserts.
up-scale bar food.  not my normal go-to; but, the staff is nice.  food always hot.  can get busy on weekends and around movie times.  apps good before a seeing a flick.  \n\ntry the tempura asparagus.
Totally overrated.  If you've had Pastrami in NYC or SF this place will be a huge let down.\n\nHowever, the staff were very friendly and NOT rude (Lonely Planet gets it wrong AGAIN).
Not a church goer at all, only reason I was here was for a friend's funeral mass.  Great church community, just not for me.
Nice airport with good dining choices. The US Airways Lounge is great too.
Awesome lunch buffet
I just fell in love with the store and the amazing guy owning it (Ralph)! Great selection, and awesome customer service! Ralph introduced himself to me when I walked in, and helped me find what I was looking for. He shared his knowledge on a few topics I was interested in, and by doing so won a new happy customer!
Local brews on tap. Pub fare and a heinous  viking atmosphere. Close enough to pre party before the Panthers NFL game
This fro-yo is AWESOME!!! The pineapple flavor was AMAZING & the customer service was WONDERFUL!!! I HIGHLY recommend this place!
cashiers dont know how to count.  if you like loosing money come here
Survival store just incase in the future... The store is small but a lot of stuff.
Wasn't really satisfied from that haircut, take long time, and the results are not more then ok. For 19$ I've got better haircuts..
Visited Montreal with my 10 year old who has celiac disease. She has to eat gluten-free.  Everything is GF!!  The owner is wonderful. Food is delicious. My daughter fell in love with the bagels.  We even bought some to eat on the way home to New Jersey.
Great breakfast burros and hot sauce. Will be back very soon to try the rest.
Good solid veggie salad.
I just dont get it. The food is good.. the service is terrible!!!
Le Grille Pan in closed and will open under new management.
Great service and food.  I'm second time here and I still would come back. That should say something about this restaurant.
Service was bad and unprofessional comments made by our waiter -  Manager called to apologize for our experience which was very nice but wont dine here again - Food was mediocre and portions are small - thankfully we got our meal charges refunded but still shouldnt have occured in the first place
Trust me!! The reviews are being uploaded from an employee. The food does not rank 4 stars!! Mediocre at best..
Poor customer service and yellow water. My friend ordered a tea drink that was nasty and she asked if she can get something else and the lady said no. I asked for water and it was a slight tint of yellow. We walked out of there never to go back. Word of mouth stay away from this place go to another bosa.
The seafood chili relleno green chile cornbread casserole are must haves.
Decor was nice but the food needs flavor. If you like bland Mexican this is for you.
Awesome pizza and great service. Super friendly and a pleasure to dine out here! Don't forget to try the grilled wings!
Good food but terrible service.  Waited about 15 minutes for wait staff to take order after seating.  Bill was high by $15 as they charged us 3 times for 1 meal.  They did correct it but should have never made that mistake.  Will just stay with ihop in the future.
This place deserves more patrons. They rock! \nI am adding some keywords to help future searches. \n\nThe best burger in phoenix\nhamburger\nburger\nsteak
Everything about this place is great. The coffee is spectacular. The food is healthy and fresh. Customer service is great. Friendly staff that will always go the extra mile to satisfy guests. (The place gets pretty busy, so don't go in expecting speedy service during breakfast/lunch rush).
Decided to try this nearby eatery and came away quite satisfied. While the food was slow to come out, when it arrived it was satisfying and very tasty. The closer for us was our server. Morgan was incredibly attentive and knowledgeable and made us feel like we were her only table. We will return.
a wonderful neighborhood place to do crossword puzzles and drink great coffee.\n\nvegetarian sausage? why yes, yes i will.
Average at best - nothing separates this food joint from a run of the mill fast food. We only tried Philly cheese steaks and salads. Great Decor and clean are the best attributes. No reason to hurry back...
Excellent casino floor, but the rooms are haggard. We had a handicap room and the shower was abysmal. The water pressure was awful. I like that there are TWO Starbucks in this hotel, though. The pool is decent but basic. Finding the parking entrance is a pain in the ass.
Awesome food!! My one and only spot for BBQ!! I am basically addicted! Our waitress Chelsea was awesome! Very curious  and charming! Ask for her when you come!
The beer selection is crap. The food is pricey ($8 for guac? Really?). There are better places to spend your time & money.
Appetizers are great, amazing caesar salad & shrimp cocktail, drinks are great, but we had a 20 person dinner with a variety of main dishes orders and it was all mediocre at best
DJ is a dick and only plays the music he wants. Will also put his hands on you to push you away from his booth. Thinking he's 'all that'.\n\nDrinks are good. People are good.
The food was fantastic as well as the drinks , service and ambiance. Downside  I live to far to be a frequent customer. Thanks for the great food! Hope to be back one day
Really cool store!!!!!
A gimmick for Southerners! The bagels are overpriced and hard. Save your money and hit Bagel Bin down the road, they don't need \"Brooklyn Water\" to make a better bagel. Don't expect them to last long. Bad location and high rent will be their downfall.
Ok, you definitely have to be down with the gays to like this place.  Even a homo like myself can at times be scared by the crazy gays that work there.  I recommend the chicken burrito but that's about it.  Their cocktails are always pumped full of sugar and make you sick.
This place is excellent! The tacos are my favorite. I like the al pastor, carne asada, and chorizo. Staff is very friendly and the restaurant is very clean.
I really do enjoy the sushi here.  It is nice to stop at a place and have AYCE with heavy portions and happy employees.  I will definitely stop in again when I am nearby.
This place is awesome!  Service and food is great!!
Good overall experience--was there early on a Sunday, so the service was great (only one other party there).  Good Mojitos.  The food also very flavorful--particularly the prawns in white wine -- excellent!   Good value, and the outdoor space is really relaxing, really nice.  Nothing not to like here.
Service is awesome (big ups to Autumn!), very quick. \nFood is ok, nothing special, not terrible but not much better than Denny's), and at Vegas prices.
Joe Craig and the other stylists at Salon Botanical offer old fashioned customer service in a modern salon. I've been a client for ten years, and would not think of going anywhere else. Mui's manicures are the best I've ever had. -Great Dilworth location!
I understand it's not the flagship store but the selection here was a bit small. They had some shoes from the Tramezza line but aside from that, the store didn't really have anything to write home about.
Donuts and ice cream are good.  The coffee is horrible.  Service is decent for McService..
Make sure you visit the bar and shoot spit wads at the girl behind the glass wall. funiest thing ever. great 20 something to 30 desparates on the scene. little young sometimes but still holds down a lively atmosphere.
We have had the pleasure of using Brandon and his team for our past 4 loans. He has always went out of his way to keep us informed, comfortable and happy during the process. At every step he goes above and beyond for his clients, something that is very appreciated when going through something as stressful as purchasing a new home.
A little on the expensive side. Some interesting variations. Service was good and helpful.
Not sure what expectations people have with these chain establishments like Subway; however, I don't find a great difference between this location and others enough to count for much. The staff is great here and the sandwiches are just like any subway sandwich that I have ever had across this country.
Fantastic gyros one of the best I've ever eaten. The service is fantastic so friendly and so accommodating they really care alot
Cheap food and quality. Nice counter help. It is just another fast food place.
Went through the sales pitch, nothing new. Just another way to take peoples money. Also very disappointed they advertise on the rush linbaugh show, that tells me a lot.
I am a dim sum fan and this is the best in town.  The carts come out quickly and often (almost too often) but the dumplings are the tastiest.  The duck is yummy too.
I love this place.  It has a small menu.  But what it does have is really good.  I always get the mozzarella, basil, & tomato sandwich.  It is so delicious.  Pane Bianco can be a little hard to find the first time, but it is definitely worth seeking out.
Fantastic fresh Japanese food. The quality of the dishes here are amazing and the prices are reasonable. The variety of food here is plentiful and worth coming back for time and time again.
We tried out Fired Up Grill for the first time this weekend and found it to be quite enjoyable.  The mac and cheese was pretty good and the chicken souvlaki was well seasoned.  The only reason they are getting 3 instead of 4 stars was the service.  The host and server were just not that welcoming.
Great atmosphere excellent sushi!
grungy, gross, depressing atmosphere at this office.  dr licata was very short, impersonal, and unnecessarily rude during the entire consult.  i will never ever consider a return visit to this office.
This place is a pretty good pan-asian restaurant. I was impressed with the selection of asian cuisine but the prices were a bit steep for a group of 2. If I came here with more ppl and the bill was more pleasing to the eye, I would definitely give it 4 stars.
I love this place!  I feel blessed to live so close to it and be able to work out before work.   Great trainers!  Diet plan rocks.  Very happy w/ my results.
Typical taco bell/KFC. Doesn't participate in dbacks taco promo.
Place look very cool and delicious however the blonde lady at the bar rude enough to ruin all good experience !
Garbage! Pizza is sub par. Not to mention they'll cheat you any chance they get. You better ask for the price on the menus they hang on your door every week or they'll tack an extra $5 on there if you're not paying attention.
Customer service is missing for the most part but not the worst. Management is a joke and lazy or rude if not both. Good idea to check packaging of items especially electronics and try to get the customer service you deserve so maybe it becomes something they do on their own.
The food is always excellent,and service has improved since my last visit.
New staff, new menu, amazing food, amazing view and great company if you sit at the bar!\nI have been there twice now since their changeover and everything was top notch both times.  Great place for a girls night (pedicures next door, then head over for great food & drinks) or a romantic date night on the patio.
great atmosphere.... great pizza... delicious wine!
Poor service on a Sunday. Very slow. Many dirty tables. Wet table when seated. Poor response from waitress. Manager is disorganized. Steak overcooked. Juice for kids is in a box. Definitely headed in the wrong direction from the last time I was here. Never again!
It's the DMV - you don't need my review to know how this plays out...\nFour hours on a Tuesday morning for a license. Waited in line outside in summer heat for first 2. Very pleasant DMV worker once I finally got my number called.
Kudos to a friendly staff and them being very helpful. Will definitely return more often now.
I like how it's one BIG circle. You can't really get too lost if you just keep moving forward.
I needed a place to get my nails done as I recently moved near by. Shop was playing 80s rock which was fun. Cody did my fill and he did a good job pretty quickly. Nice little place and I will be getting my regular fills done here.
Good salsa!\n\nRude bartender.\n\nPricey.
Exactly what I expect for a quick cheap lunch spot when I'm craving a hot dog and fries.  Prices are right and the fire dog was delicious.  Will definitely return.
Ordered 2 Tacos earlier at the drive thru the crazy thing, it wasn't even busy. Got tacos with holes in them. Never seen this before the meat in the taco tasted funny. Long story short the lady replaced the tacos. A 2 because the 2nd set of tacos were perfect.
Mister Softee is an all-star, he showed up on time, provided great service, and has great tasting ice cream... Give him a call !!
Wonderful!  My husband and I love this place and pick up lunch from here almost every Saturday.  I wish they had a counter in the Robinson Mall so I could snack there all the time.
The house pizza had lots of meaty ingredients and tasted great.  They also have an impressive craft beer selection.  This is a good choice if you are in the City North area.
It's a fun experience. You get your hands dirty & work for your food in a fun way. Very casual place & when you walk in the aromas hit you in the face. \nMy first time & it was great! Staff is also very friendly.
Great service, Excellent Food! Definitely not your typical Mexican restaurant. This was my third visit and every time I order I am pleasantly surprised. Also the atmosphere is cozy and very comfortable. Once again a very nice experience.
Really like this new place. Holding back on the fifth star until I try more menu items. Tucked away in yet another of our suburban strip malls, it is a delicious surprise and much needed. We hope it is a success and will be back soon to promote that!
Food was good, atmosphere is fun.  If you like country music you'll love this place.
The service was fairly friendly, but the coffee was terrible. It cost me $3.25 for a small coffee with sugar free vanilla syrup. I threw it away, as no amount of cream and sugar could make it drinkable.
Phenomenal. The soup, the filet au poivre, the wine, and the service were beyond comparison.
Par with the other Chipotle's I've been to.  Yay.
Tried the shrimp scampi and it was pretty good. Saw him making a butter and sugar one topped with berries and chantilly cream that loooked good. Minus one star for register girl and cook chatting half the time and taking over twenty minutes to get the food out even though there were only a few orders before me.
This place is beautiful! I thoroughly enjoyed my walk through and time spent here. They have nice shops, a place for getting tattooed, nice restaurants, and fun attractions like Cirque du Soleil and CSI Experience!  I will be back next time.
Good food, good drink and Great staff
Not good at all!!!!!!!  1 small disgusting taco will run ya almost $6.  Not impressed by the Chinese food either, made me almost VOMIT!
For the money you can't go wrong. The food is fresh and tastes like Italian food. No fusion nonsense here. All dishes hot and tasty. Service good. A popular spot for locals and tourists. You can't go wrong for chain Italian.
lots of high end name brand shops but pretty nice
Solved all my coffee needs in a hot minute. With it's own parking lot this is an easy downtown location to get in and out of fast, plus it has a drive thru window. Unfortunately, it also has a high per capita of bums.
The food was pretty good/decent,but the service is so lousy,the waiter for our table seemed lost,I asked for juice he brought me less than half a glass of pineapple juice later I asked for a glass of water ,the guy just disappeared never came with the water.
Not much to say about a fast food joint that's conveniently located all around town. This one in particular gave me food poisoning. I had the sourdough jack once and sadly I was throwing up all night long. Yup, that's about all I have to say for this one.
This location is horrible!! \nthe staff is very rude! and the drive through average wait time for 1 smoothie is 15 minutes!! No I'm not exaggerating!!
Officially offended by this place. Employees talking about her husband getting hit by a car, swallowing, sexualness of each race, and screaming. Repulsed.  Did I mention the manager was standing there laughing with them?
rolled tacos and bean burrito for xmas breakfast.\nfree wifi, cold water.\nnot busy\nshould be, very few places open today.\nworth a try
hate this place but -at the airport- you're just stuck.  nothing special about anything.  Frantic staff, mediocre food, high prices, airport environment.  Here is a novel idea, why not put a clock in plane (ha!) view so you can track your flight times?
This place is closed. Apparently for non payment of rent. - at least that's what the sign on the door said. \nDoesn't surprise me.
I work near to this place and have been going for a few years on and off. \n\nIt's good for groups and their lunch special is very affordable! Tasty food too!\n\nIf you go around lunch time try to go before 1145 at which time it gets a bit busier!
This is a beautiful building with a lot of local artists work new and old.  Definitely worth the trip and a great place to take out of town guests.  It's free and your right by lots of great restaurants and fun shops on Mill Ave.\n\nAdd this to your list!
Taco Bell or frozen dinner would put this place to shame. Cold food bad service! I wish I could give no stars.
Our grandsons' favorite place. The arcade keeps them happy and they can win prizes. Pretty good food, though not spectacular.
They have hands down the best ramen soup ever!!
Love the Bellagio! Never disappoints.
Atmosphere always great, food tasted ok a little better than most chain restaurants.  Expensive not a lot of food for the price.
Best place ever! I brought my own waffles and had their philly and onion rings. Coming back again for sure! #Victor Casta\u00f1eda
Don't waste your time. Overpriced, under seasoned, undersized. The Mac n cheese was runny. The lobster roll was done in three bites. I know, I know. It's Vegas. I should have known better for a tourist trap.
Terrible service was not helped for 10 min not one person in the restaurant . Very unfriendly staff rude and demeaning . NEVER GOING BACK!!!!!!  I Will be telling Everyone I know  TO STAY AWAY !!! And The Sandwich Was So Bland!!
Was hoping for more.  Service was ample though kinda felt fake all around, and while most preparations were adequate, I would not laud the kitchen by any means.
Always a nice atmosphere, often live music. Black Velvet is the best. Good bison burgers too!
Fine place to check in after a Cubs spring training game.
They got EVERYTHING at this location..thanks for helping with my trip!
For the choices that are available at this terminal... this is probably the best choice, but the fries were below average.  The meat was tasty but didn't provide much.
The have a good breakfast with a decent variety. The eggs benedict are great but only on bagels not english muffins (didn't really notice the difference). You can monster size most entree for $2.99 and then it serves about 4-5 people or makes for four meals. I would go back.
Everything was top notch; foods, service, atmosphere. I highly recommend the grilled octopus appetizer.  Amazing dining experience!
This place is probably the best Mexican food I have ever had! The tortillas are home- made and sooooo good. I usually get a plain bean and chesse burrito and it never gets old.
Amazing food and the owner is super friendly!!! Great quality food!!! By far the best Mediterranean food in town.
very average food for its price!  Low point of the night...ordered seafood risotto and risotto was undercooked while the seafoood was overcooked!
SUPER cool and on point. LOVE the colors and layout of this store. VERY awesome customer service. I also noticed that alot of the items here were a little cheaper than the online prices. ... yay!!
They are usually very friendly and the restaurant is a very nice environment. However, the last couple of times I went in, it was very busy and the service and food was not that great.
I picked up a coconut cream pie for my Moms birthday the other day. It was bland, and really lacked flavor or any good qualities. It was definitely NOT worth the $12 price with tax! I don't think we will be back for a pie any time soon.
I love this place! Everyone is nice and friendly. Henry does such a great job on pink and whites!!  I have been coming here for over a year and have never had any problems. :)
Best short rib tacos so far!! The fried chicken is also really good for dinner. The tacos are definitely a must here. Great patio area too.
Service was spectacular, staff are great. Vegas pricing, so not cheap. Food was meh. Not impressive.
This HT is always missing something u need. Might as well take the extra effort to go to the Taj.
A co-worker recommended the place. The food is inexpensive, bland and the restaurant has the decor of a double-wide. Never again, especially with all of the other great options on the area.
The only thing that was good were the fried pickled. The BBQ was tough and the meat did not have a lot of flavor. We came in for lunch and the service was slooooow.
BOO!!! They closed!
Gorgeous, non smoking, modern, clean and inviting. In a sea of bad taste, this place is designer neat\n, spacious and lovely. Fab location and amenities.
This place has horrendous customer service. Sat at a table for atleast 15min and no server came to take our order or atleast give us water. I never write a yelp review but this place is so horrible I had to.
WOW! this is way overrated! I came here to eat cause I just saw Devils Wear Prada and decided to give it a shot.  What a disappointment!  Service was good, but the steak is just very very average....
Have to say I love this place. Usually order take out vs eating there but they are always very friendly when we go in.   Food is yummy, the price is right and service is quick.  Would have given 5 stars if they would deliver lol!
Have been here 3 times and, honestly, I don't understand the fuss. Maybe because it was featured on diners, drive ins and dives? The food is good, but not smack your mama good. A fairly simple menus with family- friendly dining is what you'll get, nothing more, nothing less.
Dirty room, walls paper thin no fans in the bathrooms. Smelled cigarettes from other rooms.
This is my second time here and the food is decent and great for quick service. Unfortunately, something about the food this time made my girlfriend and I have an upset stomach. I think it was the soups. Eek!
...the grocery section is pretty stark, I must say.  Otherwise - yep - its a Target.
I got a double espresso and had to throw it in the trash. I have not had an espresso that disgusting ever.
Great, hands on museum built for kids, but adults can enjoy also!  Lots of places were  parents can sit and watch their children's imagination run wild!  We will definitely be back.
Sports bar.  Strong cheap drinks.  Great jukebox.  I have gone here to meet with friends and have not been disappointed.  The key here is to realize that this is a neighborhood watering hole - if you aren't in the neighborhood, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
Best sandwich place within 300 miles of Los Angeles.. after that Ike's takes over!!
No high chair, no thank you....
They advertise \"you don't need no teeth to eat our meat.\" Well, yes you do! I bought a full rack of baby backs and couldn't wait to get home with them. They were VERY tough... and had very little meat on them.
This is the best Chipotle in town!! They give the most. If you want Extra chicken they give you EXTRA!! I don't mind paying extra for double meat but some of the Chipotles are so skimpy! They also have the nicest staff Not kidding!!
Los Olivos has been a standard in old town for years. It's a little older, dark, and run down, the food consists mainly of \"old school\" Mexican combo plates with rice and beans. ...and it's perfect!!! Happy Hour is good to - especially during spring training.
Between waiting at the airport and then waiting for all the stops (I was unluckily the 6th of 6 different hotels being dropped off), it took about an hour to travel the 4 miles from the airport to the hotel. Would not recommend - I should've taken a cab!
The hype is justified. This. Is. Coffee.
Great restaurant. Amazing menu that changes seasonally and daily. You can even get pasta to go with their delicious sauce. Only complaint they are closed on Mondays
If you're going for something specific it's great. However, this isn't the sort of mall you go to wander through. It's got all sorts of stores and is vastly better than it used to be since it added on the 2nd row of shops and theatre and such a few years back.
Always consistent service and with a smile, too!  love those baristas!
By mistake I thought I could get the same service and quality of work from another Sprint store (in the mall) and surprise, surprise I did not and back to see Danny and Sami went....they are fabulous!
not gonna' lie, the customer service here is hit or miss. a lot of the older women servers seem to have attitudes, although i'm not sure why. the food is decent, and various, but again, decent. you kinda' get what you pay for though at $20-25.
Great subs and great deals at this location. Perfect for student. 15 inches for under $6 and much better than subway.
Larry at golfsmith is a pro- he stepped up and gave great service.  He offered help right away and gladly matched a price from TGW.  No problem he said.  I'll bring them my clubs for regrouping now.  Good job.
Grace is extremely unprofessional. Answered her cell phone while dealing with customers to talk to what sounded like a CPS employee about a child. \n\nLater in the day I was called and asked to come back and pay more knee because Grace did not charge me correctly. I will never go back to this establishment.
There are several clinics from all over the places. But I think this is one of the best I've seen. You can feel the warm heart of every employee working in here, so that the patient will get more comfortable. Good job!
We ate here for Thanksgiving and we ate the turkey dinner that they offered. It was cheaper than the Strip. Apparently they don't fly their turkey in every day, but it was very tasty in spite of that fact.
Been living in Arizona for almost 4 years now finally went too this place they have the best Reuben sandwich and also there potatoes salad and can't forget there awesome dessert . Great place
One of the best buffets...It has been rated as the best in Vegas, and although I think that Todai out does it, it is the only one with Alaskan King Crab already split in half...That is worth a whole star...
Great food. Had the pao bhaji dosa + podi idly + rasam + chicken biriyani. Reminded me of my grandmom' cooking. Great service.
Excellent beer selection.  We ordered the margarita pizza and the pretzel bites with cheese.  The food wasn't that great, but the beer was yummy.
I think this might be the only good food in all of Bally's casino.  Nothing amazing, but at least a decent meal in a casino full of terrible food.
get on their text club to save 20 percent!
This place has great food, but they have ruined the atmosphere.  There used to be a beautiful fish tank in the middle of the restaurant.  Now it is just a wide open bar that has no ambiance.  Too noisy for conversation.
great food. however, they run out of at least one coveted item every single time we are here. disappointing.
If you like dog food, then go to this lousy place for food.
2nd time there, early for happy hour and okay service, arrived at 5:30 today and we walked out after 15 minutes, no service on the patio nor the bar ( too busy gabbing with regulars). Go to d.vine........
I love America's Taco Shop.  I only gave this location 3 stars due to lack of service. I am used to ATS taking pride in their service.  You can tell this location is a franchise.
This place is bogus. No delivery on orders.
Lox Stock & Bagel offers great food in a friendly atmosphere.  From the bagels to the lox to the cream cheese everything is tasty and fresh. For a great meal of bagels, don't miss this!!
This place sucks. Trendy losers and for the most part shitty music. Rediculous cover for a place that advertises something it is not.
We had alittle of everything. This place is dope...good drinks and good food. Service= friendly, professional. The place is clean. My husband is talking about having a birthday celebration since the environment is hip and refreshing.
I really like this place! They need more promotions though I will say that. Also it's easy to spend a lot which as a local we all know gets old fast. But compared to other clubs I find this one to be a lot of fun.
Hot and Spicy\n\nRIP
Waited 30 minutes for my French dip to arrive before walking out.  The dirty glasses and silverware did not help either.
Twin peaks has really cold, good beer. That's about it. The food is nothing to be impressed about. I had the fish tacos and the burger on a couple of occasions. Nothing tasted fresh and everything is greasy. However if you want a cold beer for a fair price stop on in. Not a family establishment.
This location definitely needs a renovation. Mens locker room smells like human waste and BO, and the late night cleaning crews give off a creepy vibe every time. Treadmills are broken and in need of repair, and AC isn't always working. Get your act together 24 hour fitness!
All the staff are friendly, good atmosphere...great prices! My hair is 70% gone.
Great cookies and muffins, but otherwise boring.  Better coffee (French press) at The Kitchen.  Better breakfast at New York Bagels.
Hello kitty rocks!!!\nWe came here for my kid's birthday party, their services is excellent!  We could use a private room, they help us to serve a cake and drinks!  Of course we enjoyed indoor golf.  We love it.  I am sure we do have another party again.
Have visited twice.  Second time was better than the first.  Nothing memorable though.  Steak was cooked perfectly.  Good flavor.  Would recommend, but try Cut first.  I need to try again though, a lot of good reviews about the dry aged here.  It won't disappoint but may leave you wanting more.
Had dinner here last night.  Service was pleasant and efficient.  Eggplant Parm was SALTY.  Veal Parm was tough and so thin.  Maybe 1/16 inch?  The breading was thicker than the veal.  At least the veal wasn't the pressed type.  Will probably not go back except perhaps to try the pizza.
Had high hopes for this place.  Made reservations for 7pm, got a table at 8pm.  First thing I ordered was out.  Waiter recommended something else.  The food was horrendous - not just bad flavor, fundamentally inedible.  This place is typical for Southpark restauarants - crowded and very marginal food.
The sushi is the best. Try the tuna poki, spicy rainbow and yum yum crispy tuna
Fabulous food, generous portions, and friendly service. The decor and personality of this place is refreshing. A place I'd visit again and again.
Good location downtown, rooms too dark for me.
Strayed here many times. The cost goes up and the amenities go down. Still a fun place but used to be better. Most dealers are not that friendly but they are the same in every casino now.
There is nothing bad I can say about my experience here. The staff was wonderful, the nurses were wonderful, and most importantly Dr. Nelson was the best doctor I could have ever asked for. He always listened to my concerns and is extremely knowledgeable and reassuring. I wouldn't have anyone else deliver my babies.
Awesome Viet restaurant. It's in the middle of no where and it's nothing fancy inside, but the service and food is fantastic. We had summer rolls, pho, and a beef dish that were all cheap (I think it's the worst when pho is $7+).
I had high expectations for this place based on it's \"fame\" and high reviews. I have been here a handful of times and never impressed. I tried to give it multiple chances but never has excellent food or service. Probably won't return, as there are too many fabulous choices in Vegas!
Went into an empty restaurant and asked for a table near the window. Was told nope! You can only sit inthe corner! - it was an empty restaurant at 9.45pm on a friggin Monday! - I walked out, if the service is that bad, I didn't want to try the food!
If you had to ask me where to stay in Vegas - Caesars Palace - I would pick this over Venetican!
I can't even begin to describe how good this place is. Trust the reviews and do yourself a favor ...go try it out!\n\nWhile your there...try the pork belly tacos. They are sinfully good. You cannot go wrong with Soul Gastrolounge.
If you want to try a lotof different kind of beer, this is the place. Food is decent, service is decent.  Tables jamed together. Kind of crouded and uncomfortable.  Kind of pricey.  I will go back.
Today was our first time here and from the service to the food to the decor of the tiny place we give it 5 stars! This is a must visit if you are in Pittsburgh. I highly recommend the con pan Carne with skirt steak! Yum
Ajo Al's is a pretty solid Mexican restaurant for Phoenix.  All of the traditional favorites that you're used to ordering are well executed.  The staff are friendly and helpful.  The margaritas are tasty.  Check out the tacos morango or the queso dip.
Loved this! It was a pleasant spot with great food and good music. Loved the garlic fries, dipped in ketchup they really did taste like garlic bread.
I enjoyed my experience very much.  If I lived closer I would be there often.  Great happy hour.  Should consider opening a seperate location in Summerlin that does tapas.  I would be there.
Sat at the bar but didn't get service. So we left!!!
Very helpful. Knew exactly what I needed (a grappling hook) and pointed me in the right direction. I will use them again. Very nice.
There is no way to give a NO star rating\nThis restaurant is ABSOLUTELY filthy. four managers running around with their heads cut off and no one doing anything. Dead bugs on the floor and soda spilled throughout restaurant. Worst Mc Donald's I have ever experienced.
This used to be a wonderful restaurant. Excellent food, delightful service. Every meal I've had here gets worse and worse. Tonight, the service was spectacular for how horrible it was.  The egg roll had more oil than egg role
Had these guys service my transmission on a 64 thunderbird. They were able to get me in quick and had all the parts in stock. Dave was knowledgable and friendly and made me feel very comfortable. The price was better than a few other shops I called. I highly recommend this shop!\nGreat job Dave!!
Food was good but service is slipping. I ordered 3 chicken tenders only with the garlic sauce. I received the chicken tenders, but not the sauce.
Right across the street. To be honest line mountain  itself is not much of a mountain but a large gray rock; if you want a hike worth your while just drive the extra 20 minuets and go to red rock.
I have only had the lunch buffet, which really isn't fair to write a review off of.  While cheap and I would consider a good deal, it was overall greasy and bland.\n\nOnce I go back and order something off the menu I will have to re-review.
SO bummed that they don't offer Sour Cream in their restaurants..
We only go here for the beer selection. The food is ok,just don't stray from ordering pizza and you'll be fine.
We ordered dolmas chicken gyro beef gyro and a combo plate. The meat looked and tasted cans and every item was the worst Arabic food I've had. Not sure why this place has 5 stars, $30 wasted
The only reason you should ever come here is for their pizzas after 11PM.
Went by today and the Museum is now FREE- it was $5 for awhile but they have now made it a part of the overall experience which is a nice touch to the store. Great store- worth the trip to the Linq- but you have to sit and play w/the computers to understand the experience- cool store-
The hot dogs are pre-made and available for a \"hot dog buffet\"\n\nThey also sell cheesesteaks which are actually very good.\n\nNot fancy but good food.
The bagels are great. I tried the sandwiches; they were tasty but too greasy. Won't order sandwiches anymore.
Pretty decently sized. Wish they had more produce. Good crafts and games for the kids.  Live music, haleamano today_ good reggae music. Even saw a couple dancing. Balloon making, face painting. . . . Fries in a cup?
Nice selection of rum. Matt was a knowledgeable bartender; a refreshing change. Good music. Unfriendly crowd of mostly guys trying to pick up chicks.
The food was ok.. When they have it. I counted 8 empty pans. The ice cream was the consistency of milk. All this for $12.49?!!!!!! I got ripped off
Sign at entrance directs you to seat yourself, sat down at a table and waited over 15 minutes without ever being served. Finally flagged down a waiter to at least bring us a menu. Another 10 minute wait with no service, and we gave up. Food may be good, but it does not count if you never get to eat it.
Good basic rotisserie chicken dinner. Service was excellent. \nThe chicken was tasty although not the biggest chunk of bird I've had. Fries were okay \nAs expected, a good basic meal with good value for the money
The prices are high the food is ok. I had a sandwich a bag of chips and a glass of tea total was $12.33. It was way too pricey for a lunch.
Best Italian joint in the city!  The pici with duck is so insanely delicious... I swear, I dream about it.  The caramel dessert is super outstanding.  Great service too!  If you're feeling adventurous, try the pizza with the duck egg.  YUM x10!
Love cherry lash lounge! Such a clean, relaxing environment. My artist is Gina R. She's great at what she does, my lashes stay full and ravishing always! I love the fact that they don't fall off easily nor do they ruin my natural lashes. Check in on Facebook for $5 off!! :)
This review is only for the chicken fingers. I have never tried anything else on the menu.  Chicken fingers are hand battered and fried to perfection. Best fingers in Las Vegas.
To the reviewer that said that Qwik Chinese's food is like Chinese food back East, I have 2 words:  NO WAY.\n\nThis food does not taste like Chinese food back East.   \n\nBelow average to average is a fairer description.
Always wanted to stop in as I love a good margarita! I was not disappointed with the original - complementary chips and salsa are yummy! Great bartender too!!
Very casual place in the hotel lobby with good food and great, friendly service. Love the breakfast items available all day. My husband liked his turkey panini with yummy sweet potato fries. Lots of choices to go as well. Pricey, but what isn't along the strip.
Great food, and good organic and grass fed beef options. The decor is comfortable and you feel right at home.
Why did they close the Charleston location?? The butterfish is the most delicious thing on the menu, but everything is great right down to the cocktails.
good pizza but they dont honor the yelp check in offer of 15% offer
Grade: C\n\nBest if enjoyed after 11:30 pm on Friday or Saturday nights. Warning: do not try to recapture that enjoyment during the week!
Food was pretty average.  The fresh chick is basically a chicken breast sandwich with a side of fries.  Lots of TVs here and the live band was good.
20 damn minutes waiting for lumber to be cut. So employee finally meanders over and grabs the good looking lady's lumber to cut first who just arrived. Now I get attitude. Grrr.
$13 for sliders that were the same size as the pickle put on them, waitress never came over once to check on us, combo plate was pathetically small. No wonder there was no wait, go somewhere else.
Don't usually give 5 stars, but in this case:\n* Excellent food\n* Excellent service\n* Great prices \n* Fun, rustic and unique adventure \nHighly Recommend!
A perfect place to hang out and watch all the happenings in Planet Hollywood's casino.  The bartender was really nice and, after I was tired of wine, he was able to fix an awesome martini for me.  We had a great time.\n\nThank you.
Totally messed up my drink order after I waited for it forever.
I went with my family, there were a lot of us and they were very accommodating. Our food came out fast and it was delicious. I had the avocado omelette - really tasty. I also had a bite of the vegan carrot and coconut pancakes- really good! Highly recommend MTO!
Had the lobster shrimp asparagus Eggs Benedict...so good. Outstanding food and service ftom Johana. Atmosphere a nice break from noisy crowded Strip.
\"hair on mushroom soup\" I suggest you skip this dish.  And they didn't been apologize.  4 tables in the place and they still forgot about us.  This place sucks
Decent ice but no good shinny times.  I'd be a much bigger fan if they had evening shinny available, even just once a week.
Picked up Ben and Brandon at tennis camp so had to stop here.  Plus you can get slices at lunch!  Giant breadsticks that are great also.  Pizza takes time if you order a whole pie - 45 minutes for a thick crust, but worth the wait.
Awesome experience!  Best invention since sliced bread! No more asking a friend or my husband to take me to/from the airport!  Driver was nice and safe. Was greeted by a friendly Super Shuttle employee at Terminal 4 that dispatched a van quickly to get me on the toad.
It has been a year since my visit so I will say you should check the place out for yourself.\n\nGood Luck with the business JK.
I used to frequent this market on the weekends and I have yet to go to a farmers market that can compete. \n\nMeat straight from the cow, honey straight from the honeycomb and cheese straight from the utter . . . what more could you want in life?
this place is fun for a bored day... unless it blistering hot out...
I work in the southwest and this location is very close to my office.  The food is really great here. My favorite is the orange chicken and the mixed veggies. The staff is friendly and helpful. I frequent this location often when I am craving Chinese Food.
Everything was nice until we got our bill and there were four extra charges for resort fees. Excalibur you are scum 191 turned into 291... unacceptable...never again
Great place for fast lunch!!! The buffet is always stocked here! Keep it up! Easy to get in and out of.
Poor service took my order and didn't even put it in with my wife's order. Walked due to poor service. However management did go above and beyond to correct it by crediting the entire meal and giving us a $25 gift card
Overpriced rip off. Its bad enough that they charge $25 for an average weekend lunch buffet, but to throw you out at 3 pm is totally ludicrous.
Forget about the Cosmo, customer service is AWFUL! \n\nGo to the Aria! It's just as nice and their staff and services is EXCELLENT!
yech!  i don't want to waste my time even writing about it....it brings back bad memories and a bad taste in my  mouth.  don't say i didn't warn you :-p
Don't even think to stay in this dirty hotel ... Even if they give you a room for free. I would stay in a motel rather than stay in this hotel. I don't know why they called hotel ? The meaning of hotel word is way far than what I saw in this hotel.
Stopped here randomly while looking for a place to eat lunch and was pleasantly surprised. We both ordered sandwiches which were good and the prices were reasonable. We also tried their alfredo poutine which was to die for!
If you like chinese food, then this is the place for you. They serve family size portions and it wont kill your wallet. This is the only chinese restaurant that i take my family and clients to. Try their crispy chicken its to die for.
FIVE stars for carrying New Mexico Hatch chile!!!!! e.o.m.
Best pork chops I have ever had! Also the Split pea was really good too.
Freaking legit!!!
Take this from someone who use to work there! Do not even bother going, save yourself the money, half of the games and attractions there don't work or are constantly having issues. The management sucks, if you call to complain basically they will laugh in your face.
Great way to network and build your business with the backing of a multi billion dollar international company. They have a product for all of your business needs. Professional, flexible and effective. Ask for Mike for more info!
One of the spots I regularly visit every time I go to Vegas. Decent priced, clean and well spaced out. It gets crowded but I've never felt overwhelmed there.
It's an ok place to eat. Lobster roll was good, but the bread was too buttery. Also was not worth $16 for such a small sandwich. Nothing beats Luke's Lobster in NYC!!!
Our Dr. is great but the administration fee is completely inappropriate.  They charged my wife an annual 49 fee and myself a 49 fee.  We are not going to pay $98 a year to be seen at this facility when they collect our co pay and bill our insurance company.  We will find another provider.
We really enjoyed the food service and the waiter!!! Really an enjoyable experience and for sure we will be back!!
The closest original tart you will get to YogurtLand or Pinkberry.\n\nThe two yogurt places the MidWest fails to have... Was surprised they had Menchies.
I won't say that the sausages are not tasty. I just feel some kind of way about paying so much for this . Very upsetting even knowing that the cost of food in the airport is in general outrageous. I am not feeling the value.
A bit pricey, but a classic Vegas experience. I'd go elsewhere to eat/drink. Abysmal service - particularly at Senior Frogs.
A mozzarella bar where you can't get mozzarella (or bread or italian lunchmeat--until dinner.  Poor, confused service.
Was pretty underwhelmed considering how much I love bachi burger. This place is definitely not that healthy, I got a create your omelette and the bf got the waffle. \n\nMeh is all I can say..
Food was good, nothing to write home about.  I don't think the menu has changed in years.  Price was reasonable and the atmosphere was terrific!  The special (which I had) was outstanding!
This is very simple. If you come to this show without expectations, I am sure you will love it.\n\nIf you come to this show expecting acrobatics seen in other Cirque shows, you will be disappointed.
We came here for taco Tuesday. After waiting almost an hour and a half we were thinking, \"well you can't really go wrong with dollar tacos\".... then La Paz did. I've been here a handful of times and have consistently gotten bad service.
This is a party down place even after the Holidays as they are gearing up for the Big Super Bowl Game and a great bunch of people are always stopping by and having a great time connecting with others or just hanging out.
They carelessly laser the area you have chosen and cannot keep their calendar and scheduling up to date. I had to wait 1 hour for service.
Food was stale. It tasted bad. Not many options. Service was pathetic, 10 of us wanted to sit together and they did not join our table. Also, dinner is very pricey. I would never go here again.
Complete assholes. Nuff said
The staff here are friendly and care about the customers. I had to get a card project done and I saw the UPS store offers cheaper pricing than Kinkos, so I went with them. The staff member there was kind enough to stay past store closing to help me get it done. I have not had customer service like that in a while!
Great massage, I walked out feeling very relaxed and the pain in my neck was gone.
Butter Burger and the milkshakes \nTheir in house root beer is pretty good too
They are so good and take such good care to make our dogs have a relaxing experience. It's like a day spa for them. They were so relaxed after Kelly finished that they just dropped and slept. I loved them so much, I set up a regular schedule to have them maintained. Great job!
Can't get much better. The food was great and the service was fast and friendly. We had the half skillet and basic breakfast. Everything was delicious. The owner, Mario, came by ask us if everything was fine. I think this is one of the best breakfast places in Phoenix and we have tried a bunch of them.
Overpriced and slow service. Great selections in freshwater but go online if you can, it will save you time and money
I miss the \"Metro Midway.\"  If you enjoy shopping for shoes and baseball caps look no further, other than that there is nothing left.  They have added a movie theater that smells like cat food, so I guess that's a plus...
While I enjoy the comedians and the owner is funny and courteous, it's always so dark in this place. And their prices are ridiculous! 10+ for a drink and 5 for a glass of soda that had no syrup in it? I shouldn't be spending more on 2 drinks then I would at a dinner for two.
Quite tasty though in lebanon u can find tastier ones.\nBit pricy I felt..
Great deals all around on all Dillards depts. Look for addtl savings on weekends.
If you haven't had a chance to get by this location, GO! They do an amazing table service now, and you order right as you enter! No more waiting for people in front of you to slowly progress through the long line!!!
I am kicking myself for coming here! I live close and thought I would try it. The worst sushi I've had in a long time. The rice was super dry and the fish is prob grade D. They hide the worst fish in the rolls.
i was here last nite drunk for happy hr,after slam some drinks some gay bar around the block with 3 friends and yes it is nice cervice,nice drinks,good food $28 usd check thank's.  wil go back again, this is a fancy  hipster restaurant.  and the whole crew is friendly.
This place used to be very very good! Not anymore! Owners not very accommodative, refused to make changes to rolls on the menu....nothing crazy, just wanted a different type of fish. Fish not fresh. Will never eat here again!
It was everything i dreamed it would be: greasy, fatty, salty, sweet, syrupy, buttery - delicious. \n\nIt's worth the hype. \n\nI ate it all and regret nothing.\n\nWell done, Lolo's.
Good dinner.  Family friendly way to spend a few hours.
Loved coming here for their breakfast burritos - perfect ratio of eggs to other ingredients. Stopped by for lunch and there's an eviction notice on their door. Come back!!!
Fresh margaritas made to order, not too sweet- best I've had this side of the Caribbean! Tacos are money as well- fish and shrimp were my favorite. 4 stars because steak tacos were over cooked and guacamole needs more flavor.
Decent food, definitely worth it during daily happy hours! Good sushi and apps; they come out fast!
Bartender seemed inconvenienced to serve and was not social and rarely checked on us....This is the third time that the service was poor......we decided to go next door to the other bar.
Called to order spring rolls to go and the butt head on the phone said that they were too busy to help. You have forever lost my money Jenni Pho.
It's inexpensive and has been updated but it has that \"lipstick on a pig\" feeling. It still feels old and the whole place smells like cigarette smoke, meat, and Febreze. Pool has no appeal. The gym is a hodgepodge of mismatched cardio equipment. We won't stay here again.
What great cozy little place! The owner actually serves there and is perfect in every way. The surf and turf Phoo is incredible, the owner brought several wines to sample before choosing. The food is clean and natural and delicious.
Food and wine selection are very good.  Found the service good, but under staffed.  Otto was full, but needed at least 2-3 additional servers.  Great for shared dinners with small and large groups.  Love that they have Peroni on tap.
Just moved to Vegas and found this great Mexican restaurant. Reminds me of my moms home made plates. Can't go wrong with Maribels. Everything I've tried specially the Chilaquiles plate is my favorite.
Yummy! It was great, the pepperoni was delicious, owner was there super friendly and you can also get gelato there!
Great coffee shop, free wi-fi, great service! Can't ask for much more. Atmosphere is nice and cozy, and quiet.  Lots of people studying here I think.  Not me though. :o)  Has outdoor seating too.  Too hot in summer maybe, but great in winter.
Took a friend here thinking they could get a black & tan since it's a tavern, but they didn't have them.  I had a burger.  Nothing to write home about, nothing to make me go back.
Requested thin crust, delivery, so good!! Not healthy, but absolutely great flavor. Delivered on time. Good price and local. We got the Supreme type pizza for the guys: sausage, pepperoni, green peppers, onions etc... Then the pepperoni cheese for the girls. All were amazing. :)
Try the Aloha or Tart yogurt. Their toppings are yummy as long as you don't get the pineapple because I'm pretty sure it comes from a can. Gross. But the berries are always fresh. The patio is a bit loud but the location is cute.
We came here a day early for Mother's Day. It was busy but not overly (was told 25 min wait, ended up being a 15 min wait). The Banana Pecan French toast is THE best I have ever had, hands down. My husband had the Big Gooey Mess. He raved about it.
This place really continues to be great and come spring/summer, it becomes a weekly must have for me. \nNew card: $1 = 1 point. 50 points gets you a $5 gift card. Worth getting if you stop in often!
Promised a non-smoking room... only one problem, there are no non-smoking rooms... only smoking optional. Room service food was average.
Never stayed here but have lots if offers to stay for free... No thanks.  It's getting older and even with the renovations there really isn't much action in this place. They do have a nice sports book though.  Also, they are located right next to he MGM and Hooters.
This isn't my favorite bar on the strip, but it's good enough. I like the cozy feel and the large garage doors that open up to the outside world.
This is a great sushi place! The service was awesome and the sushi was delicious! We ordered take out and they threw in two miso soups and an extra california roll. This our new sushi place for sure.
Never had their food, but I am pretty sure that their cupcakes are from a mix.  If not they spent a lot of time painstakingly recreating the taste of a box of yellow cake mix.  \nThe cupcakes look really pretty though!
Very unprofessional\n\nI booked this about a year in advance. 1 month prior to my trip they changed the entire offer and then threatened to cancel my stay if I wasn't willing to accept the new details.  I will definitely not be staying at hilton hotels any more. Sad to see them going down hill.
Best in this hood\nGreat food and great service\nDefinitely this place will be my hangout breakfast place to go to, I am glad I found it.
I love it here. Way better than Yama. The rice to fish ratio is great. You gotta sample the sashimi salad.
Just watched the chef drop his tongs on the ground, pick them up and use them again. Refund? Yes please.  Not returning to this place. When I asked him about it he wouldn't respond to me.
Decent food at crack prices....DONT buy a soda! $5 for a hobbit bottle, no refills-lame
I'd love to try this plate but 3/3 times they've been closed or just sold out of doughnuts. Especially on Sunday mornings...what's up with that??
The worst customer service I have ever experienced in the US, after ordering a beer the manager decided to refuse me service because he could not understand my Irish accent, crazy .....
Had a great Parmigiana sandwich and my friends also ate some chicken and other cold cut meat sandwiches.. great deli at great low prices!
Filet mignon A+.   Wife loved the lamb.  4 stars. Could have been 5 stars but they put ketchup in a cup.
This place is dirty and disgusting,  I should have taken a picture of the menu it was dirty and falling apart. Avoid
Great place to have lunch. The sandwiches are awesome! The soups are always a hit and the salad bar has good variety. For a chain restaurant, not bad at all.
Good Service, Good food.
Not entirely sure why this is 3 stars. I think it's delicious. The meat rodizio is amazing. Staff was kind and funny too. Definitely coming back here when I go to Vegas again.
Great hip place with a unique current menu. The pizza is great the salad was also very good and the service was excellent. We will be back.
TJ Maxx has some great bags.. and some really nice bathroom stuff. ya know.. Soaps, lotions and bubble baths..This location is pretty nice and neat on the inside. \nI will visit again!
The best Mexican restaurant in the area that very few know about.
I stayed at the Venetian and had brunch here one morning- the service was terrible (Sally has got to be the worse server in the city), as for the food? It was nothing special, in fact I gave my toast to NHL to use as hockey pucks because I certainly couldn't eat it.
If you ono for hash browns you have to make your way to this place.  \n\nDa bomb!\n\nOnly thing I didn't like.  We went around 2.  An off time.  And we had to wait about 10 minutes for a table.  The place was empty!  WTH
Worst food ever. Staff is rude too, after hearing the place had bugs I never went back.
Skip this location at all costs. The Hualapai location has hands down better food and employees. The food at this location is always sub par, and the staff is ALWAYS very rude, short, and cold. I LOVE Rachel's Kitchen, but this location gives RK a bad rep!
I like no extra charges for ANYTHING pickles, pepper, onions etc.
Good, solid pizza place with lots of charm and great service. Really good salads too.\n\nGreat place to go for a birthday -- the warm chocolate chip cookie w/ ice cream is sinful. Loved it!
I like this place. Service is usually good and so is the food. I will say though, they changed the wings within the last couple of heats and they're just not as good. They used to be great, now they're just good. This particular location has a pretty good beer selection as well.
This places employs people that prescribe medication for children that do not need it. And they do not get consent from both parents when both parents are required by a judge to give authorization for any treatment on my children. This place should be out of business.
Did not reach my expection. Since this is a grill own by Gordon Ramsay.Kidna Disappionted.Especially the scotch egg, curry chicken.They are really.just o-Kay...Probaby won't go there anymore.
Out to eat with friends from work.  Really good food!  I had the Combo plate:  2 little tamales, 4 mini-chimi's (2 chicken/2beef), 2 taquitos, and spinach queso dip.  Brought some home!  Service was good.
Die Service W\u00fcste schlecht hin, sehr schade da die Produkte nicht schlecht sind
Great fish and chips the best I have had in years. The fish was very  clean and not greasy. Scotch eggs were fabulous.  Use mustard on the  eggs.
Smallest portions ever!  Don't get me wrong, I understand the purpose of controlling cost of goods.  I get more than double this portion at a Chipotle across town.
Not too much for a gf person to have here. I had a salad.
I wish there were half stars with yelp because I would give this one a 3.5.  While the food was pretty good, and the service was fast.  It seemed very frantic and pushy.  Good food just not the place you want to go unless you are in a hurry.
We finally tried this place and I have to say the food was good, did lack a little flavor , but over all good food and good prices.
I'll update my review when they settle my case.
Stopped in for the first time today. I got the Thai peanut bowl with brown rice and mock chicken. It was incredibly delicious, actually. I was very pleasantly surprised. Wish I lived closer! Very impressed.
The people here are miserable.  They are rude and don't give a shit about helping or being customer service oriented.  They act like you are bothersome.  If I wasn't stuck in this miserable contract I'd ditch these bastards and fast.
Went here on a weekend and was really pleased with the service and food. The selection of drinks is very robust along with a great bar menu. I had the custom burger and it was excellent. Both of my kids ate all of their food as well - which is saying a lot! The service was attentive and very friendly.
awful service. the guy always find excuses to prevent you from paying by credit card. food quality is nowhere near satisfactory
If you like shrimp and crab and good vibes this is a place to go! The shrimp is awesome and their fries are really spicy in a good way!
The grilled chimichanga here is my favorite mex dish ever. You don't have all the calories from the deep fried version and it taste better. Who would have thunk!? Love the sopapillas with honey for a sweet end to the meal.
Same good food as original Nick's Diner without the permeating bathroom smell.
great food.. it's just in a dangerous scumy part of town...\ntwo stars deducted for that..\nVery authentic food.. and always great.. be weary of the gansters that happen to habitate here..  just smile when they stare you down!
The absolute worst Denny's ever. I have given them multiple chances, Bc they are so close to me but every time I go there I have to wait an hour plus for food.  The manager is a jerk that only gives excuses and then gets mad when you leave.
being from toronto I've been to a better parties on a friday night :/
Overpriced, very mediocre Italian. Given the choices in town I would avoid this place. Not to mention the Mirage had a sick nauseating smell of cigarette smoke they tried to cover with a sweet smelling deodorant. It permeates the whole casino. I would vastly prefer the smell of cigarette smoke alone.
Great music, margaritas and apps! You can't help but go in! Dia de Los muertos decor awesome.
Review for the club: It sucks. lol The only thing good about this place is the view. It might be good if you're over 40 because that's all there is there and the music is 90s hits and misses. The drinks are overpriced with a drop of alcohol. Paid $28 for 2 drinks.
Sat at the counter and was waited on by Shantel.  She was very friendly. Great service and deserves to go to Disneyland.\nShe made breakfast fun. \nFood was great!  Have the chili relleno omelet.
This is where I started with cigars. And after all these years I still frequent the lounge. The staff is always helpful and the regulars are always a joy to hang out with
If this is the same Pho place that was here quite a while ago, and is now again open, and owned by the same mom & pop, it is fantastic!  I really need to go there again.  It's far from me, but worth every bit.  I shall expand my review after revisiting.
I regret to inform you that the prices are reasonable for a reason. It hasn't even been a full two weeks and my nails and toes both look pretty awful. The techs did a good job but the product is not very good or it would have lasted... On to try out the next nail salon... Ugh
The gym is a little big for my liking, but is well maintained with a friendly staff
Great atmosphere and the food was fresh and delicious.  Fit for foodies!
Loooove this place! It's my go-to place for home decor. Great choice of product at very competitive prices.
Major plus for being the closest place to Tempe Mission Palms to sell beer to go.  Literally a half a block away!  \n\nI also tried their Chicago Dog - fresh tomatoes, sport peppers, relish, pickle, mustard, and celery salt.  All for $4.00.  A+
20 oz beers OK, but  $8 for that beer, hrm. Loud thumping music makes it difficult to have a conversation - on the phone or otherwise. If you've got to wait for a plane, meh, it's alright, but wouldn't be my first choice in the future.
Wonderful place!  I visit LV about twice and year and always go the this place.
Great Fabric Store with Great low prices! Mostly everything is $8.99 a yard. Plus they give out great ideas and advice.
Nothing special.   My teenagers thought it was good, but I guess I had high hopes.  I did really like the crust, it was thin and crispy!  Didn't really have a lot of cheese or toppings, disappointed.
Awesome! Great food, amazing sangria and the staff is very kind. Would highly recommend this place.
We ordered out some veg. food.  Sorry, not good at all.  Quite bland, watery, dishes. Egg rolls were more spring rolls with thin deep fried paper wrap.   Our go to place is Yao's in Chandler, but we need one closer to home.  Will keep looking.
My girlfriend contracted a skin infection from taking a hot bath in this hotel. It took several visits to the doctor and meds for the infection to disappear after 6 weeks. We blame it on the sanitary conditions or lack of in the bath tub.
Very disappointed!!!!! Well luckily it was comp. bc i wouldn't want to pay for Wynn's buffet ever! lets just say i was VERY DISAPPOINTED!
Always go to this bar, close to my house. Awesome Bartenders. Jackie is amazing & Fun! Machines always hit. Very fun enviornment. You can choose your own music. Highly recommend!
Since the new owners, this place has greatly improved. Much better beer selection (read craft beer), food quality is better, and atmosphere is improved. No longer just a sports bar. Things are a little pricy but the quality if the food justifies the higher prices.\nCome check it out.
I might give The Grand Wok another shot, but this visit to the sushi bar was just ok.  We only ordered two very ordinary rolls and one bowl of soup, drank water, and got nicked for $38 with tip.  Charge it to the room, I say!
The food here is very good. I've loved nearly everything I've tried. I will say that I only ever get take out. The restaurant itself is really small and often packed. If you are in the mood for a pasty though this will hit the spot.
Best breakfast in Vegas!!!!
Ate here two nights in a row. Had the branzino one night and steak the next. Both really tasty. Service was terrific. Our server was Casey (?sp). She was the best.
We stopped by for brunch, I love this place.  They have great Bloody Mary's and for me that alone is worth the trip.  I recommend their lox plate if you are a fan of lox, they have a great creme and the bread is awesome.  I really can suggest anything on that menu on Sunday's.
Always friendly helpful staff.  Convenient.  Favorite store ever.
My technician was both professional and personable.  Very easy and satisfying experience with Safelite.
Cheap booze, diverse crowd, great bartenders, rad KJ, best karaoke bar in town. N'uff said.
This place is fantastic! Everyone is at the ready to help you and they have almost everything you will need to beautify. Love love love!
This place used to be one of my favorite places to go. All the food is authentic chinese made cooked by chinese. The portions are more than generous with good prices. Visit this place you won't be disappointed..
I flew with US Airways from Vegas to LA.  Flight took off on time and arrived on time.  It was smooth and I had no problems at all.  Only issue I would mention is the $25 bag fee, but you get that with most airlines anyway nowadays.
While Jamba Juice is my favorite smoothie place in Las Vegas, this location has the dirtiest bathrooms. Worse than that- they give you a key connected to a spoon to access them - huge sanitation no no. Worse than a gas station bathroom. I will not return to this location.
The food is delicious, but the best part is the desert coffees.  They are delicious and the table side preparation is an entertaining experience.
I like how close it is to my house. The service was great and my lunch was delicious. I think the amount of food was just right, but it was a bit pricey, especially for lunch. I did like the ambiance and I hope to eat there again so I can try the cream cheese pie
I only eat here occasionally because a couple of my co-workers like it.  Bland bbq, bland chicken.  OK salad bar.  Overpriced for the quality.  I have never understood the allure of this chain.
Nice mix of jazz, world music, rock, etc.  This is the largest Jazz festival in the world.  At one point in time you can have at least 4 LIVE outdoor stages, playing different bands.    In addition to that, many venues have paid concerts throughout the city.   Very lively, very fun...
$5 for a trip down memory lane.  Good deal!
I wanted to see If their high rating was truely earned or not. I must say I was very pleased with their service and repair and all at a fair price so they most certainly earned those high ratings. Ill definetly be back for future maintenance and repairs. Thank you japanese car service
Not the best Italian food I have have.
Good, inexpensive, and authentic Mexican food in Harrisburg! The pollo fundido is one of my faves and I hear the chicken soup is great, too.
Mr. Lee and the reviews here did not disappoint one bit. He was very friendly, quick, meticulous, and skillfully cuts hair. I would definitely go back again.
I could've made the chicken nothing BBQ about it except some sauce. Brisket was dry and borderline old. Coleslaw was OK. Beans are Ok. Don't ever need to eat here again. I love the stores in container park but what about some real good eats??
Light, not greasy like some Greek places. Traditional gyro was good and had lots more than just meat. Spanakopita was perfectly flaky and tasty. The rice has a distinct flavor some might like (olives?), but I wouldn't get again.
Average at best.
Great view and food. Wheelchair accessible to boot. Definitely a must do romantic spot.
Nothing Special.  Just another ok Mexican place in Arizona.  Blah
Great food awesome menu... Laid back and watch some march madness
Yelp had to remind me that I ate here. I ate the burger waiting in line because USAirways cancelled all the outbound flights to SFO for no reason.  So there's two things in this review that I would hesitate before doing again.
Located in Circus Circus Hotel Casino on The Las Vegas Strip. Ok so I went for breakfast, I was not wowed. It wasn't bad just not great. There is better and cheaper in Las Vegas. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Never had a bad meal at Haus Murphy's and it is part of the rotation when we have out of town guests.  If you like German food I would highly recommend this place!
These cupcakes are so much better than other ones I've had! I definitely recommend Showboy more than other places in town. I don't normally like red velvet anything but I even liked this cupcake.
This was billed as fine dining, but frankly, the casual dim sum place in Bellagio, Noodles, has better food at about half the price. \n\nThe service is good, the view of the fountains fantastic, but if you are looking for great Chinese food, this is NOT the place.
I go here enough that the staff already know what I'm getting.\n\nNot sure if that's a good or bad thing LOL
This was the nicest, cleanest group of bikers that I have ever met.\nThe cars and bikes are amazing.
The food was amazing, tasted great and was very well presented. The atmosphere of the restaurant was very adequate.\n\nOnly negative thing of the night was our waiter who did not know much about wine and brought us a different white wine than we asked and insisted that they were all the same.
Awesomesauce as they say.  Flavor adventures on a whole new level.  Creative recipes with old style tricks.  Add a great staff and awesome drinks to the mix.   \n\n If you enjoy food, this is a must go for at least one time.  Chances are you'll be back for more.
The best bagel place I've been to! EVER
Tried the chicken pho as well as the vegetarian udon. Both were excellent. Will be coming back much more!
Absolute best resort to stay at south of the strip. It is pricey but you get what you pay for. The beach and the pools are awesome. The sights and the sounds are fantastic. I totally reconmend staying here at least once when in vegas.
My first time Brio. Based on review from fellow yelpers I decided to take my wife and try out the happy hour menu.\n\nWe loved everything we ordered and the service was great. I will definitely be back to Brio next time I'm in Town Square.
I love this place, been here twice for drinks with friends and had a really good time, the inside is very well decorated and feels just like a bar. Definitely worth to try!
This place was amazing, best AYCE in town! The customer service was very good and they had the cutest lil Asian waitress working haha. The Sex Bomb roll was delicious and so were every other roll we ordered!  Definitely coming back soon!
This is my favorite park that i have been to so far in las vegas! It is just beautiful! Hiking, awesome kids playgrounds, perfect for picnics, birthday parties & any other kind of family outings. I could spend all day at Explorations Park with my family and it would always be a great day to remember!
Also purchased living social deal as a gift. They were unable to contact  the company and I too am requesting a refund.
Love this place!  Both doctors are knowledgeable, and extremely personable.  Both my husband and I go at least twice a month!  We love the no appointments necessary.  With a busy lifestyle the Joint has definitely made chiropractic care more accessible amd convenient.
This place is great! Food is amazing. They have a really reasonable lunch buffet as well.
Fun to walk through, but damn, everything is expensive. $36 for a small, circular towel?  Wow. Save your money and buy M&M's at the regular store.  In a word, overkill.
The food is great but wow is a lot of food! lol
I have had good customer service at the admitting desk, one of the PA's is not very nice at all. Another PA told me that she could not help me but did not assist with referring me to a different doctor. \nFor my allergy treatment, the PA Derek has been spot on.
excellent food.\nexcellent service.\nexcellent happy hours.\nexcellent.
I have had their calzones before and thought they were good but we decided to try the pizza tonight.. A large pizza with pep, sausage, onions, mushrooms was $18. The pizza was fair - lots of grease and the crust was too chewy for me!
Quite a charming place to dine! Think of paradise bakery...but way better! Excellent house coffee. I look forward to visiting again :)
Excellent food and service. The food is delicious and cheap. I highly recommend this restaurant. My experience was amazing.
A great Indian option downtown. Their lunch buffet it good and cheap I think it only came to $10.00. I've been there on a weekend after going to Heinz Hall for a concert, and the service was very good.
Decent buffet place. Stopped by on our trip back home from Vegas. Food is all right , but not in the vicinity of the Vegas big boys.
Great sushi in a great modern sushi bar.  Happy hour menu is great however the standard menu is expensive.
Airport its self is decent felt like a ghost town on Saturday morning at 9am...much nicer than my home airport (LaGuardia). Airport screening staff extremely pleasant and accommodating....everything was a breeze to get through.
Rooftop? Don't you mean Suite 301?
A bit less classy than anticipated, but not the worst place
The parking can be a pain in the neck if you don't know your way around this place. But if you're looking for an uphill hike or uphill jog that is seriously steep, North Mountain will get your heart pumping hard!
I can not say enough good things about greka pita. I LOVE greek good, and this place is legit. From the owners, to the shwarma. Please give all your money to this place because I eat here like 4 times a week.
Wasn't impressed. I heard good things about this buffet and I was disappointed. Gelato was the best thing. Steak, chicken, and pork were all dry. The pizza was soggy and the bacon tasted gross. Expensive for mediocre.
Geat customer service ! Can't beat prices ! Staff is so helpful ! Check them out juice is amazing and I vape daily . Wax, herb ect  they have it all . 180 plus flavors .
The pork ribs looked good but tasted pretty bad; bad BBQ sauce.  The rest of the offerings were common and very forgettable, not worth the $50+ for the two of us.  Instead, cross the street and try the Bellagio, can't go wrong, 5 star buffet.
Yogurt and toppings are great but it is a bit expensive. Took my family of 4 and it cost us nearly $20 for frozen yogurt which seemed high to me. Will go back it just won't be as often as if it were a bit more affordable.
Very good food. I am a big fan of their ribs.
Food is good. Service is spotty. Drive through is always backed up, and is often not an option. \n\nTime to get your food in the drive through is INSANE. It makes no rational sense how long it takes.
They have a great selection here.  I got a new gym bag for $30 and a sweatshirt for $24.  If you're a huge Nike fan, come here!
Good staff working the venu. The process of getting into the club was relatively smooth.  Beautiful venue with great waitresses.  Music wasn't the greatest but energy was good. If you like EDM this is one of the top clubs behind Light Nightclub
I am not ok with how I was treated by the management here.  We told them what our budget is. Then when it came time to leave and sign the monthly went up by fifty dollars. And when we talked to them about it, they thought it was funny that it all happened.
good food, decent prices, fun atmosphere. it can be crowded! for pure sports event viewing, it would be better with all flat-screen HD sets, but you can't have everything I suppose.
Really nice facility. Great family fun. Watch out for the pig in the bathroom!
Best brunch by far in Northwest Glendale. Always searching for a good spot in this area and found this one. Staff was great, food was good. Like the atmosphere . Plan on trying them for wine tasting And dinner soon
My loved it, I went along for the ride.  It is a great chance to look at history.  Good break from the fast pace of Vegas.  Tip: don't pay full price, there are countless ways to get a discount.
Dirtiest place I have ever been in wait staff could care less if you were there walked out never to return
As everyone suggests the Oxtail soup is very good as my wife tried and liked, not loved. I had a steak that had more gristle then meat. Horrible steak.
Very entertaining! The costumes and set were awesome. We thoroughly enjoyed the entire show!
horrible service, the line was 20minutes long even though there were open tables. they made us switch seats just because we can't just get one order of meat. they said you're not allowed to order just one plate of meat which makes no sense.
It's  really good but kinda pricey
No vegan cupcakes found here...
Not impressed.  Couldn't get a players card, player system was down. First tap beer requested was out. Said they had Tuaca, then out.  Did not try the food. Geez.
Horrible service and hot drinks. Also had multiple u tinsel that were dirty. When i spoke with the manager she commented that the dishes at times get dirty because of the queso. On top of all that, the food was smothered in cheese to cover the dense content inside.
Not that bad as other reviews. I ordered a tuna sandwich after I read all the negative reviews about their steak. Tuna is juicy enough and tasty good. However, I don't like their chicken noodle soup because it is way too salty...
Overpriced, food wasn't very good, the service was only decent. If you go to Cadillac Ranch go for the eye candy and the bar on a Friday or Saturday night otherwise you will walk out feeling like you just kissed your sister... yeah I said it!
My kids love the chili cheese dogs here and I like the cheesy tater tots. Seriously where else can you buy fast food tater tots covered in cheese? The afternoon happy hour for slushes is also nice on the wallet.
Braised spare ribs were bland, and the sauce was wrong. Mediocre beef pancake rolls. The American Chinese food looks like a good deal. Maybe the Sichuan dishes are more tasty and authentic. Seems overrated.
Painless drop off. Verified that we did not go over allotted miles and left appropriate amount of gas.  Took all of a minute.
A delicious lunch. The pickle soup was amazing. The perogies mouthwatering, topped off by my favorite childhood comfort food, a black and white cookie, which until now I had to go back to New York for. Love this place
As a new resident from LA, this is a cafe that features a hip, understated atmosphere with great service , food and drink! One of my new cafes choices in the AZ!!
Great chain BBQ.\nI have been several times.\nThis location is clean and the staff friendly. \nThe food came out hot and the drinks were kept full.\nI had no complaints.\nI feel their prices are not bad for the amount of food you get.
great deep dish pizza and this is from an ex Chicagoan.  Casual surroundings and pleasant servers.  Their salads are XL and recommend the house dressing.  Deep dishes naturally take longer to make so call in and order before you show up even for dine in.
My son gets a donut reward for making it thru church.  He is three so sometimes lovin Jesus just isn't enough.  I thought their selection was limited and sooooo picked over.  The donuts we did get were poor quality for the price, stingy on the icing come on.  We need to find a better local place.
The guy at the counter made me break a dollar to pay the penny when i pumped $30.01 This jerk made me sound like one of those janitor's with the huge key rings with all the change in my pocket because he wouldn't let me slide on one red cent. TOTAL DOUCHE!!!
Same as 59th Ave & Beardsley location (chain).  Bagels served up fresh, with fresh quality ingredients.  The Surprise store seems to offer more breakfast options than the Glendale location.  Cute Irish ladies with strong accents was uplifting and brought a smile to my face.
Milunka is amazing!!!!! So knowledgable and has the hands of a goddess! She definitely knows her stuff and knows how to treat her clients! Amazing!
I was told about this place by a coworker. I have to say IA am glad I listened. We went for my birthday and had a great meal. It is a very small casino and the place doesn't look like much compared to all the other casinos around but the service here is amazing and it was a good price.
I'm not very adventurous when it comes to food, so, I had chicken/vegetables IN a pineapple.....it ruled so hard.
The staff was great and ordering was quick and easy. The market fresh sandwiches is delightful and tasty. I love the roast turkey ranch and bacon wrap. I will always order it.
This Circle K has friendly employees and you can't beat the 79\u00a2 soda. I must consume 3 of these day. It is pretty clean compared to most Circle K locations I've been to.
Now Ive never been to New Orleans but I love this place!!! Its perfect for my boyfriend and I to go! We love the drinks and the free entertainment oh and the fried oysters!!! I would recommend the Hurricane Drink so good! \n\nThe Service is always good and friendly!
The burgers are excellent. Milkshakes were ok, but not worth the price
I really enjoy coming here for breakfast. The service is really nice and fast and the food is good. I got the omelet egg breakfast with a side of bacon and my boyfriend got the breakfast, which we both loved. We're definitely coming back for another Saturday brunch.
Pacific Blue Pools is a very professional organization. They are responsive, honest, and provide competitive pricing. I would not recommend anyone else....seriously.
The place is jam packed with stuff I do not need, but fun to look over.
Ordered a New York hot pastrami sandwhich on rye bread. not even close . it was alright, but not great. there bagels are delicious tho. I guess coming from nyc makes it hard to like the pastrami here :(
Oddly smells like popcorn..but in that \"covering up a smell\" bad way.
I went to the establishment in Tempe, AZ.  I ordered the #5, chicken strips and fries.  The entire meal consisted of salt.  I could not even eat because salt was everywhere even in the bag.  Never again will I eat here.
They don't have a huge menu, but they do what they do well.  Friendly service and good food.  And it's reasonably healthy too.
Went here cause a friend said was so great. After waiting over an hour to be saeted it wasn't worth the wait. It was just OK.
it is a beautiful monument
Chain diner type food. They redid their menu about a year ago and Completely ruined it. They do have fair portions but raised prices about 30 40% across the board making it a treat rather than a 3 night a week dinner stop for us.
So much for my previous review....expounding on the virtues of flame-broiled meat and that glorious smell it produces.\nThe place burned down last night.
Plain and simple this place kicks butt! Great food and great music with a fun staff. This is a staple in this community!
Classy and beautiful with pretty girls, pools, and poles \n\nI'd recommend bottle service here for convenience
I love the location, it is very \"little main street\" feeling. The food is good and priced very well. The service is slow, so i would not come here if you are in a rush.
TheBomb.com!!! Tasty food, great service! There was nothing bad on the menu and the beer selection was phenomenal! If ever in Vegas a must stop!
This is a fairly inexpensive lodging option which is within walking distance of the Royal Mile and many other cool places in Edinburgh.  The room was clean and the sleeper sofa I slept on was adequate.
Cheap enough hotel. It's close enough to the strip that you could walk to a lot of hotels. It's not popular enough to have taxis hanging around the hotel; please call ahead. The beds are about as comfortable as slabs of concrete though.
Bumping up my stars because I have recently found out that they use a soy sauce in their sauces that is gluten free! Feast away, my fellow gluten intolerants and celiacs!
Mendelson Dermatology is a great company.  We've gotten to know the staff fairly well and they're great people, too.  If you're looking for a dermatologist in Phoenix... this is a great spot.
The view...sitting outside, service and food was amazing! I had the trout salad which was great! Drinks good and different and I had a spikes push pop! Yum!
I tend to think of Sprouts as the poor man's Whole Foods.  This location is much cleaner than the one on Indian School.  The selection of different organic items is good, but it can be tough to find kitchen basics.  One time a cashier expressed surprise at the cost of my Udon noodles.  So that was strange.
I have been going since January of this year and today there was a price increase of $5. I need to watch what I spend so this took me by surprise as I pay in cash. As far as the work they do a great job and I will be sorry to leave them but they did not take into account loyalty or cash.
Hands down one of the best restaurants in Scottsdale.  Atmosphere is great, owners are uber nice, and the care they have for their restaurant shows in the food.  I love this place
Love the location. Easy access. Huge parking. Clean and friendly service. Excellent food. LOVE...LOVE...LOVE...
Very long wait (even though we arrived early and there were few waiting), extremely slow service, food was tasty though.
Best thai food I've had so far in Las Vegas. Very nice little spot,  clean. Food comes quickly,  very generous serving and always tastes delicious!  I'm currently trying my way through their curry menu - yumm!!!!
Love the atmosphere.  Its best to get their late in the afternoon when the Bellagio fountains go off and stay to watch the sun go down as the lights of The Strip come on.
Beautiful view great service awesome food what more can I say.
I love this place! The biscuits and gravy are awesome. Same with the eggs Benedict. I look forward to coming back.
Excellent food.  The service is typically good, but surprisingly -- not as consistently good as Soba and Casbah, which is curious.  Still, it's a favorite.  The chef's tasting menu with wine pairings is a treat.  The cocktails are excellent and inventive.
$2.99 for a foot long chili dog and tator tots.. I worry about myself sometimes.
Good but not great. After three visits we have given up on the place. I would like it to be better but for the price it just makes me yawn. Nothing exciting or compelling here.
Every time I go here it's an awful experience.  I can safely say this is the last time I patron this establishment.  15 min wait to order and I get fries that taste like they were cooked in Abraham Lincoln's oil.  Change ur dang grease!  Disgusting!  You have hosed me for the last time
I thought the aroma's were really nice.  I felt more awake after it.  The massage was relaxing.  I didn't buy any extras but it wasn't a problem.  It was the first time I tried it and I was happy I did.  I would try it again though a tad pricey.
We had to try it and b'y Jesus this was the best sandwich I've ever had. The only problem is I will never be satisfied with any other smoked meat. The bar was raised. First stop next time in Montreal.
try the wrapped dates!! sooooooo good. a bit pricey, but worth it.
I almost always use the drive through and to date they have never gotten my order incorrect. They always have a friendly smile for me as well. My good to sandwich shop!
the arizona center is to phoenix as the galleria is to scottsdale.  can you say white elephant?
Delicious food, awesome service, and Mr. Pibb...what more could you want?!?!
Not too busy.  Employees are moderately friendly.  Expect to wait in line for a bit on your lunch or after work.
Love the pizza and hate the lighting.   Please get bulbs that have have a bottom filter as the lights are so glaring.  Very cozy place yet feels like I'm under a spot light.
First time in a long time. Liked the quick check out with their new tablets on the tables. I even got a paper receipt. Their salads and new bowls were pretty good too.
There's little I can add that hasn't already been said.  Except maybe this.  Best chicken wings I have ever eaten.  Ever.
as with any other ted baker shops, they have a great selection of men's pants and shirts. but the service here was more excellent. i felt like i had a private fashion assistant/advisor. even better, she was pretty cute.  free martini to cool off the vegas heat was nice too.
I really like this place.  The staff is very friendly and it's a nice place to have a bite and a glass of wine.  I prefer it to Fez or Ticoz.
Pizza was hot and had some real good flavors.  Just a little pricey for a togo pizza, better then Pizza Hut, just not $11 better!  I most like will go back just not any time soon
is this place for real?\ndo people actually come here to eat and drink?\nthis place is listed under 'caribbean'? really?\nwhat the hell is that all about?
It is a bit too far but completely worth the drive. Haley is incredible with color and is really light handed! She is really serious about her profession and always has a blast!
We loved this place!  You can buy popcorn without leaving your car!
Blah. Waitress. Sucked. Fast service but overall very blah. Half off wine bottle for the night on a saturday was great though. Their saving grace. Wanted bread before the meal, tradition with Italian but was charged for it.
Lots of slots to gamble if you're bored and waiting for your flight. Decent airport....doesn't take long to get through security. Plenty of food to choose from and eat. \n\nBeen here 3-4x , not bad
Needed my Filipino food fix, fried bangus & Tocilog !
i love this place.\n\ni hate the 'artwork'.\n\nhaven't had a picnic here yet. was too hot by the time it was down to really throw down a proper style picnic. (although i'd probably feel guilty, as they're a lot of bums around...)
Food was good, but the service was horrible.  Took 30 minutes to bring out food to begin with, then forgot one order and continued to tell us it would be right out.  After 15 more minutes without explanations had to ask for money back.  Very disappointing
Stopped in for a gyro and couldnt believe how disgustingly dirty this place was. The service was just as bad, rude kids who didnt give a crap about what they were doing or serving. And then to charge $9 for a gyro...really. Never again!
As much as my husband love, love, loved his spicy chicken bowl...the kids meal fell waaay short. I got my son the beef bowl and the meat was really subpar. Fatty grizzle all up in the bowl. Better stick with the chicken if you want consistancy.
I thought it took at least some education to work for the post office. I was wrong. A personality would be nice as well. WRONG on both accounts. This branch should be closed down to save money. The resident would rather drive a little than put up with such horrible service and bad attitudes.
This place lacks everything.. The food is disgusting. I threw up after I ate there food. It's just not good. It's sucks because Arizona lacks culture foods. Id rather go to Panda Express than step foot in that place.
Yummy! I have had the filet and buttermilk chicken, both were delicious. Restaurant is small, but the a/c is ice cold.
I love the coupons on the website. I like the target generic brand stuff. We use the target face creams and laundry detergent. The food section has a nice variety of common items needed all the time. I like the  plus size clothing selection. My red basket is never empty!
We tried the new local burger bar by doing takeout. It was quick and the burgers were great. Love having a place that sells well sourced grass fed beef.  The only suggestion is that they should have more side options. Sweet potato fries would have been great.
Food was good and customer service, just a bit over priced.
This place smells, is in a crappy location and was a total dive. Went to 20 pubs last trip to Vegas, this was the worst and the bartender Matt is a total douche.
We love Troy! We go there frequently. The hummus is wonderful. Try the Donner sandwich.
Five of us ate there, None of us enjoyed the food.  Too bad, has fun outside games to play.  Would be nice to go for drinks and play games.
Food tasted good; however, overall, it was overpriced and the service was poor.
A definite contender for our \"Winchester\" -our go-to neighborhood pub like The Winchester in the movie Shawn of the Dead.
Just got better.\n\nBefore, you got decent burgers and fries. Now, you get great service from the employees, and even better food made by them.
The service here is lacking. The food is below par at best. I can honestly say this place should be avoided.
On entering, I asked the bartender if we could use our restaurant.com certificate for mojitos and was told no though we were allowed to in the past.  Not a problem, I pocketed the certificate and ordered a pair of mojitos.  These drinks suffered from too little mint and an overabundance of club soda.
Love this place.  Friendly staff great food.  Jamies is a great guy, always trys to remember everyones names.
Not worth the money at all! I was so excited to eat right before Christmas but this buffet is very disappointing! Not that many food choices. Plenty of other buffets in Vegas that are much better than this one.
We love their curry dishes and the deep fried fish is very good.  The tofu wasn't very good nor was the crab rangoon.  There is not a lot of room to eat here.  It is a great take out place and good Thai food.
The mussels with frites are AMAZING. Flatbreads are pretty good. Chairs are super comfy, thank goodness because service is pretty slow.
Good pizza at a good price and great wings! We always get delivery and have never been disappointed.
I love this place! A coworker of mine recommended it to me in March and I refuse to go anywhere else. Everybody is really nice and the service and quality is excellent. Leon does better pink and white manicures than anyone I have ever been to. The deluxe pedicures are awesome and only $35!!
Loved the outdoor patio seating, the humus and Thai chili shrimp appetizers were really good, the street tacos were good and the apple crisp was excellent to be a \"healthy\" version of it.  The drinks were so/so.  I am debating between 4 and 5 stars, I am giving this 4.5 :)
For a place called shucks, I'd expect an oyster that at the very least smelled better. I thought I was going to a seafood joint. As it happens I ended up at a sports bar that happened to serve sea food, and in a rather mediocre fashion at that.
Awesome gym thank you cris for treating my friends great..
Very tasty. Appealingly decorated and tiny. The jerk chicken was not overly spiced, but had a nice little unexpected kick to it. The Cocunut Curried Tofu was excellent.
Very disappointing. Ordered delivery and Kabob was overcooked, appetizers were bland, pita was cheap, store bought kind.
Food was cold and not true Spanish tapas. Would never go back even with a Groupon. No windows which made me feel like I was in a dungeon.
I was at The Rhythm Room and saw these cool people selling Tacos, so I checked it out. It turned out to effen awesome. Fresh quality food!  ChiChi- lisous! Be on the look out for these guys! Chow down baby.
Solid American Italian food that's not making a pretense of being anything else.  The service was incredibly friendly, the food was well thought out, as promised, and in ample portions.  Half price wine on Monday and Wednesday. \n\nWill be headed back.
First time and probably the last time I've dined there.    VERY noisy,  slow service.   Food was okay though a bit salty.   Lots of menu items listed garlic.  One large roll to split between my wife and I.   It was very good but the second offered roll never came.
This is a solid lunch choice. I prefer it to the other area bakery type lunch places. I was in last week and had the chopped salad and a cup of chili. Both were excellent but the salad was top notch. The friendly staff keep the tables bussed and clean. The hazelnut coffee here is very good too.
Odd that there are two entries, but regardless I love this place and will gladly write two reviews. Love Terri, and the food is great.
They don't reward players. Was told I get 1 comped draft beer per 20$. But then didn't comp my beer at all or any drinks I had. Also dirty pads on the bathroom all night long.
This the right spot for you to grab a coffee and some nice bakery goods. In the afternoon, the croissant is only a dollar. One more very impressive thing is that they have cube sugar. I believe it's not common but I love that ancient wild way to put my sugar. Cozy tiny place.
Food way salty. If we come back will order burger without salt. Always fun to sit outside on the strip. Burgers are good $30 for 2 people. Had drinks and shared fries. The burger sauce is an interesting flavor. We parked at aria. So it os fairly easy to get too.
I love this place.  I absolutely love it.  Great food, great drinks, Really cool vibe.  I am an AZ native and love eating down town.  This is the first place I think of when trying to come up with something fun, and delicious that everyone will enjoy.  Be prepared for some good spicy Caribbean food
I DO NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL!! Room was not great at all and the pool is a joke. When we called and told them about our horrible experience, they did give us two free nights though.
It's fine if you're looking for a flavorless greasy, beef patty. But if it's an umami overload you want, I recommend Burgatory. The apps are spot on! But the burgers lack seasoning.
They had a good drink special going on for local beers but it seemed like everything was out. The bartender suggested a beer and I liked it. Didn't stay very long, a little too uptight and stuffy for our group. But it seemed like a cool place to hang out. Staff was attentive and polite.
The past three times I have gone here to get my coffee and they have managed to mess up my order each time they forget to put soy milk in a soy milk drink or they give me the wrong size or they switch my sizes between my two drinks. They need to remember what people say to them
The worst I gave ever been to, party of 4 .\nNo yeast Rolls no seafood salad fried chicken way over cooked refill on drinks came after we were done no coconut cream pie 8-(
Got my first Balenciaga bag that I was eyeing on in a long time at this location.  The lady that helped me was very helpful and not pushy at all. I definitely recommend Balenciaga if you wanna splurge on a bag.
Had the chicken kabob and hummus. Didnt enjoy either, hence, the two stars. On the other hand, the bartender was really nice. Might give a second try.
Yes. Not even a question.
Too crowded, too loud, too expensive, too long a wait, people were rude.  pretty much sums it up.. bleh
Beautiful ambiance...brunch was delicious...service terrific!
Excellent at what they do. If they were open for allergy shots on Saturday it would get a 5* rating.
Worst service ever - very unpleasant dining experience.\nThis local S-Hubert should be ashamed to try to overcharge the customer even before treating customers like inferiors.
Loved this place for the price, the decor, and delicious food! I got the blueberry granola whole wheat pancakes with the chorizo plate and it was so good. Coffee was good too!
Great hospital, very clean and easy to get around.  Beautiful decorations...good food too.  Friendly staff.
Great food and great customer service. One of the best sandwich shops around. I recommend either the Bobbie, the Capastrami (my favorite), or a the cheesesteak.
Better than Honda West.. honda west service department are straight up lazy rude emplyees who would give you all kinds of crap excuses just to thwart you away thibking that you would be gullible enough to accept their effin epic stupid reasons
This place is your average 3 star mexican place.  Yes the beans were soupy and salty, yum!  i loved them!  I got just a bean and cheese burrito.  Nothing like ritos take out mexican market but still good.
Happy hour here is a must. Try the wings and sweet potato fries. AND, beers (GOOD beers) are $3.
they've been better the last two times i went through the drive thru bu if you order more than one item and gawd forbid it's a coffee drink ,they will screw it up. there are much better places, imo..
Love their steak tacos
Just your normal gas station, always busy an they have alot of options for snacks!
What a great place.  A little expensive but well worth it.  Staff is Awesome and food perfect
If u have had enough to drink and want to drink water to sober up b4 u go home, u can't get it unless u buy their bottled water.   Not cool!!!!
I love this place!  It's locally owned and I think it's a family.  They are from Korea, and the menu reflects some Korean specialities as well as terrific, freshly prepared, and beautifully presented sushi.  They have a good happy hour and reasonable non-HH prices.  Please patronize!
This was voted best mexican in Madison?  Sad, that says quite a bit.  Chips were gross, salsa so wrong and the main course even worse.\n\nNo thanks.  I guess I won't be having Mexican in Madison.
Amazing and delicious food paired with great wines and friendly service. Love it!
This was a good place with lots of room inside and very clean. The staff was friendly that southern friendly that annoys people from\nThe north.\nThe food was very good. Better than\nDenny's and I would recommend it as good place to get out of the sun.
I really like their food portions are a little small. My favorites are hong Kong steak, Singapore noodles chicken lettuce wrap
Delicious and healthy fruit smoothies!  The fruits are raw and fresh compared to other juice bars that only use frozen fruits.  Justin, the owner, is always friendly and helpful!  I've bought supplements from this place and the service is fast and convenient!
Great food for the price, nothing beats Golden Flower off Russel and Pecos but this place is right at the top. The Lemon Chicken is good and so if the BBQ pork fried rice. Friendly staff and you can see them cooking the food from the counter which is cool. This place is worth going to again.
A very cool hotel.  It is big and has a fun roller coaster.
The service is  fine I'm just not a fan of the layout of this place. The seating is terrible and it's hard to carry a conversation.
Country fried steak is awesome. Bacon is awesome. The sourdough toast was awesome.... i need a thesaurus ...
This market has the BEST lamb anywhere I have found in the Phoenix area and the prices are extremely good. I love the meat department here and would recommend it to anyone looking for the best quality meat at the best prices.
The service was slow. It took about thirty minutes for them to bring out some nachos and a salad. \n\nThe nachos were made with some fake movie cheese. And were gross to say the least. \n\nI would not recommend coming here.
This kind of food isn't my favorite, but I did enjoy the crab wontons here as well as their Japanese offerings. The prices are a little high for what it is, but not too bad. I would probably return every once in awhile when I feel like Asian food.
Solid cheap drunk food. And when you're having a greasy day, don't want to cook, and want something different. Their gyros are the only thing good.
I gave them 2 stars for being open late. The pizza was awful and I am from NYC. Please change the receipe for the crust and add some more cheese, how can you represent NY and have bad pizza???
My local circle k it's nice for snacks and my nice iced  polar pops but today I got some hamburger buns 2were moldy ugh *gagging while writting this*  please check ur produce!! Other than that 4stars!
i really hate this place.\n\nbut i have spent a lot of time here.\n\ncheap drinks. decent salsa. and old men who buy these drinks for you is what keeps me coming back.
Super place to have some bibimbap at 10pm on a Monday night.  Even though it was late and they were going to close in an hour the food was delicious.  Can't wait to try it again, planning on going full on BBQ next time.
Tried to get a group together to watch the steeler game. Problem was, the place wasn't open on Sunday - like they say they are.
Why did Mimi's take all the good meals off the menu. No steak & eggs! No Santa Fe omelette!. Their new potatoes have no flavor.
Food was good but EXTREMELY small portions. Way too $$ for food. Paid $17 for 2, yes 2 scallops. No sides.  Glad we tried in once. Many other fancy places in Southpark that feed us more!
Perfectly good place to grab a quick sandwich downtown. Quick service even during the lunch rush.
VERY fun! the lines were outrageous but it was worth it.. the roller coaster is kinda bumpy & long.. but it will have you super PUMPED. highly recommend riding at night!
Fun spot! Frozen hot chocolate and sweet potato fries were boommbb!!
Parking was free! Beautiful stadium! No shade on the stadium. Only shade was on the side eating area. Giving it 4 stars came for spring training and no tail gating :(  the parking lot is like a mall structure....old town is walking distance alot of souvenir spots
It's a very basic 24/7 restaurant. Not worthy of 4 stars. Nothing spectacular about it and just decent grub when you need it. Not worth the trip unless you are staying here.
First pizza in Montreal, well recommended and no kidding good pizza with many many choices for topping combos, we even did dessert and everyone (8 people) was happy sharing.  The salad was huge, the sizes for pie are two people size, excellent  crust. Came to table very fast
YUM this is my favorite lunch spot while in Vegas! definetly would reccomend
Update:  It is scheduled to reopen with different owners on Feb. 2, 2011.\n\nUpdate 2, Feb. 2:  It's open - but it's something entirely different now - pizza and chicken wings or something.
Great views..impressive architecture and engineering of Skywalk.  Recommend driving.  No more dirt roads and plenty of parking.  Avoid arriving between 11&3.
there is not much improvement to protect nonsmokers. we were coughing and our eyes turn red. the food buffet was average. all restaurants meals are expensive
The staff here was quite friendly, but the fact that people love Monical's pizza leads me to believe they have never had pizza before.  Its awful cardboard with some sauce and cheese on top.
Overpriced, the food is dry and bland.  The drinks are insanely priced.  The waitstaff is miserable.  The theme is quirky but kind of annoying.  The outdoor seating is uncomfortable.  I've ordered many things from the menu and always been disappointed.
Not really a big fan of used things, but I decided to check it out one night with friends after dinner.  Lots of selections, but it's not for me.  At least I can tell my friends that I've actually been to one.  Good luck if you are a like buying cheap things.
Still satisfied overall, but is it necessary to tell your landscaper to remove dead plants?  Apparently it is.  And is it too much to ask for landscaper to let you know something is not doing well and to check the watering? Apparently it is.
Have to judge on what I ordered...Shrimp Fried Rice... It was pretty d*^m good.   We ordered SFR with the extra shrimp & I was impressed with the amount of shrimp & the size of the order.  & they use real shrimp... not those fake baby shrimp.
This was my favorite thrift store in vegas.  But for some reason since they have remodeled its just not as good.  I can't seem to find good stuff that is reasonably priced.  I don't go anymore, and I used to go every week.
I am so upset. Have had great service the 3 times prior but the fact that we are a returning customer & could not get the consideration of a phone call back so I could make other plans (they check voicemail every day according to their voicemail) tells me they don't give a crap. Will never use their service again.
This place is nothing too special for me. Overpriced drinks (well, it's in Vegas so...) and incredibly long wait on hot afternoons. But it's in a relatively good location in the middle of the Forum Shops so I see how it's very accessible for people.
You can forget about the pizza that are already made. Twice I went to get one of there pretzel pizza and twice I waited almost 20 minutes. Sounds like false advertising to me. If I wanted to wait 20 minutes for pizza then I'll go to a place with quality pizza, not this crap
Loved the flavor choices. Staff very friendly. Great concept.
My eggspectations were not high, but from the spaced-out waiter to the overcooked and tasteless scrambled eggs, everything about my lunch was below average. Even Cora is much better than that.
closed five hours before closing time. lame. was really looking forward to trying it after work but i guess it'll have to wait.
So far, one of the best Starbucks in charlotte. Been living in dilworth community since a year and I happen to land here just now. How could I have missed this place...
WOW WOW . . . I just had the Seared Ahi Tuna wrap and it was HUGE!!!!!! It was light and flavorful perfectly matched with very fresh vegetables.
Easy to navigate. Plenty of food options. Careful about the distance between terminals though..
Went here last night with my parents and while the whole meal was delicious, the blueberry cobbler was definitely my favorite part. I don't even like blueberries and I would eat that morning, noon and night if I could.
Fav nail salon! Have been coming here for about 3 years! Great employees and quality service! Also they have 20% off happy hour deals and awesome discount cards \n\nKate and Larry are awesome!!!
I absolutely love this place. The coffee here is easily the best on the Mount. Friendly owner and great service and baked goods to die for!
I walk by this place constantly. It's a diet of the mind not to run in and get an old fashioned each and every time.
Don't go!!!! The service is that Bad!!! I went by myself and the server was that bad. Was a waste of money. Very RUDE workers.
I couldn't leave the restaurant before writing this review ...\nIt's amazing and vick ( the waiter ) is so professional. \nFood is hot and delicious ..prices are good .\nGood place ..I recommend it .
Friendly, inviting,\nPub stop on the whisky trail\nGreat beer slection
Nice ambiance but a little noisy, over priced.
Haven't had a bad experience. Everyone is always nice & friendly. Adam makes me laugh when I go in & makes a bomb caramel macchiato! Thanks everyone!
Couscous was simply awful. The effort put on the dish was very minimum at it had a bland taste. Disgusting. Other items on the menu... not for me anymore!!
It killed the day and wow we were flying!!! Get ready to get down and dirty!!
Very good thin crust pizza. The personal size will allow you to take half home with you, so portions are generous depending on your appetite. I was disappointed that they do not have wifi.
Was just thinking about a trip to vegas, thinking I'd hit up Rosemary's Restaurant and am very sad to hear they have closed.  This was my hidden treasure in Vegas...and now...I don't know.  Maybe I'll go to Hawaii instead.
Excellent iced mocha. Friendly staff and fast service. I was on the run so didn't stay to check out the snacks, though I will be back.
Great price! Great food! Great service! Love this place! Good for the whole family!
The four of us had a wonderful breakfast on their outdoor patio. The august 31st temperature is a cool 85 degrees.  Great coffee, home fries, and biscuits!  The gravy is great for the biscuits, but they are a little too proud of their gravy when it comes to price.
Husband and I stopped in Chia Bistro during the lunch special hours. The food was less than delicious. We sampled the hot and sour soup, Hunan beef and sa cha chicken. All the dishes lacked flavor. The egg roll and fried rice that accompanied the meal was clearly prepared days ago and reheated.
Amazing burgers! OMG the best burger I've ever had in my life! The Moscow Mule was on point too!
Had lunch, it was good. Nice sized portion of lasagna. Wish it came with another piece of bread for sopping up the sauce I'd go again.
Came here a few times in Feb/March and it was very wonderful. They had salted caramel and I mixed it with graham crackers. HEAVEN!!!!!!
I had a blast when some friends and I went here looking for something different to do.  It's kinda pricey for what you get but I'm competitive and I love racing the boys...and winning!  :)
I got a spray tan from Kamela and she was awesome! Super professional and the color looked great- no orange status! I'll be going through Diana next since she was the one I was originally referred to first.
For $7.95 you cant beat their lunch special! Very good quality fish at a good price!
Chef Dave was amazing!! The food was delicious! We went there for a bachelorette party and thanks to Bex for being able to get us seats at the chefs table! If you ever plan on going to vegas please ask for Bex!!
The food was good but it wasn't worth the price. We've visited restaurants that are very pricey but that we feel it is worth every penny, Montford was good but nothing extraordinary.
Absolutely delicious ramen. The hakata and the chashu are my favorites. It can get busy but don't let a wait discourage you. Completely worth it.
Too damn expensive and the service usually sucks! The food is good but not worth this much frustration.
I LOVE the Green Ginger Limeade! Also, this place has nice ambiance... aka attractive women hanging out after their gym sessions. If I lived in Vegas, I'd be here all the time.
Service here is very slow. I had a fish combination plate and it tasted like it was FULL of sodium. Not impressed. I hear the ribs are pretty tender, but that's not enough for me to ever want to go back and eat there again.
The only good thing about this place is the beer. The food sucked. Our chicken buffalo dip was cold. The hamburger was well done when ordered medium rare. The \"buffalo\" wings were wings covered in sarrachi sauce. To the managers credit she comped the bad food. Will not be returning.
Good wings. Good Service.
Just tried this place for the first time last night. Started with the Pork jerky and it was an absolute delight! Especially the sauce it comes with. So stinkin good! Had the pad Thai and it was delicious! Highly recommend this place.
This is a wonderful place with fantastic food!  Be prepared to take your time to enjoy every mouthful. It's an expensive place for dinner but worth it. Try the lunch special for a real treat. The staff is very friendly too. \n\nDon't expect to get in and out quick. Just sit back and enjoy.
Good food but much smaller portions than any other tapas restaurant I've ever been to. So if you're  starving be prepared to order and spend lots. Our waiter Ernest was great too.
They make the 4-hour trip from Champaign always end happily. Amazing coffee, food, and people!
We had Matt and he was awesome. Very professional and nice, amazing service! highly highly recommend! Ask for Matt!!
Best sushi in town! We always come here when sushi is on our mind. Very fresh quality meal.
It's winchell's.  It's okay, but you wonder....
Food was perfect portions, price was fair & appropriate, food taste.... off the charts. Really good Chinese food here in Queen Creek.
Love their fried pickles.Beer selection is good too.\nWent on the Big Game day,enjoyed it.
Pointless for a person without money to go in there. If you are an economically disadvantaged person, then  this here is a vacant lot in Las Vegas. Rich people or fools who pose as them go in there. No strollers by Aileen explains a lot. The expensive buffet says a lot too.
great food..spicy shrimp with egg plant and lamb chaps are amazing
Disappointed... My red velvet cupcake was hard and cold in the center, obviously not fresh, straight from a refrigerator.
This place is OK. Good for quick pizza. Good for on my lunch break pizza. Good for I need to eat because I am starving pizza. It doesn't get too much better than that. They are quick and friendly. Not a bad place.
Poor flavor, long wait time, and decorated to give you seizures!  Everything you could want in a restaurant.
Exactly the type of place that makes me happy to live in Charlotte.  Atmosphere is spot on - casual, just enough TV's, outdoor patio.  Food was righteous - we had a variety of burgers - every one was creative, perfectly cooked, and full of flavor.  Nice beer selection.  Another 5 star offering in plaza midwood.
Went to get a radio installed and installer named Bishop burned my car . Installers dont know nothing wish old installer named Eduardo still worked their
Food was mediocre at best. The bread for the bruschetta was 2 inches thick and the toppings just seemed to be lacking in every way. Not sure what all the fuss is, the hour wait was not worth it.
The pub vibe is awesome and they know how to pour a Guinness!  The food wasn't what I hoped it would be so stick with the booze and you're all right.
Had to wait to order while waitress cleaned tables,  steak  was supposed to be well done  it was still bleeding  to death on my plate and rest of food was cold ,  want good service  and food look elsewhere
After two visits they finally fixed the frig....had to use them since I have Old Republic the home warranty company
Not the same as it used to be.... Smaller portions .... Like Drake says, nothing was the same ....
Love this place!! This place is fast and easy to get food from. They are open late and early. Their pricing is super affordable and the food is delicious!!
Ate at the Mission twice during our stay in the area.  Both times we had very good food and drinks, great service - we will go back again when in the area.
Cinnabon's sweet roll with tea seemed to have won my breakfast affection between flights from Seattle to Miami. Warm, gooey, mouthwatering goodness before an airport yoga session... Yummy!
Great food but I can't tolerate poor service. Called in order and was told they were busy. Would be 20-30 mins. Order took an hour. Unacceptable.
Good place for brunch and I can consider it very cheap comparing to other brunch restaurant. The portion was generous and off course the taste was amazing. Unfortunately, it's not a place for big family or to hang out since it's very busy and many lines-up. Don't forget to have the bagel to go.
Went for drinks and appetizers tonight,  all of which were good but, we left early because the music was so loud we couldn't hear the people at our table.  Would go back again but maybe sit inside to get away from the music.
Excellent food, great location.  Will be going back when in Las Vegas
We usually go to Sushi Tachi on Wednesdays to enjoy the all you can eat and all you can drink. Our favorites are Gone with the Wind and Haru!
A problem I have with salons of this type is the tip HAS to be in cash..no exceptions.  In today's world of credit/debit cards it is out of date practice and not customer focused.
Yesterday I had my windshield replaced by Southwestern Auto Glass. Sewell responded timely to my calls, had everything set up within my insurance company very quickly, and came to my place of business to do the replacement. Their service was outstanding and they are extremely easy to work with. I highly recommend this company.
Idiots pure idiots. Can't even cut and wrap a sandwich properly! Wish they let us give them negative stars!\n\nStay away there's a better one right down the road.
Cheap beer is great but this is the anti-strip! This place is gangsta I've seen better dives in east LA. \n\nNOT FOR TOURISTS!
Agree with the others horrible customer service went to visit their showroom and they acted like we were bothering them!
I went here for dinner recently.  I had the raw beef appetizer, which was quite good.  The pho was about average, nothing exceptional.  The service was very good overall and very friendly.
I can only attest to the burger.  It was awesome.  Really awesome.  Like Shake Shack good.  Aged cheddar had great flavor - burger had such a nice flavor too.  I have three cookies waiting at home that I haven't tried yet but they are in for a hurtin'.
Everything is OK, prices are reasonable.  I think most of dishes are much sweeter than authentic Japanese style to me.  It is very casual place, it might be fun to come here after the long day to have fan.
I have been looking for 3 years for good crab rangoon - I finally found it!!!  We had boneless ribs that were absolutely wonderful.  Definitely going back!!!
When the owner comes by to apologize, I'ts not a good night. Service is slow, pizza is nothing special in a town with some good pie. It's also weirdly loud in there.
Don't go to the blue diamond location. The food is bland and undercooked. The Maryland location has been a favorite of ours, but when we tried the Blue Diamond location it was awful !!! Spend the gas and go to the Maryland location !
This is not bbq..... This is not bbq...... This is not bbq..... I'm a huge supporter of mom and pop places, but this one needs to go.....
Come here for a good hearty breakfast of absurd proportions, but be prepared to wait.  if food were my only concern, I would not hesitate to say DeLuca's is one of the best breakfast joints in the 'burgh.  Alas, they have terrible coffee, and for me, that's a deal-breaker.
I came here for my first Brazilian EVER and Jessica was so great!! I felt like I had been a customer of hers forever; she made me feel so comfortable! So great! Highly recommend her and I will DEFINITELY be going back.
Decided last minute to try and get in with a party of 8 to Chelseas after horrible service at a nearby restaurant.  After calling several nearby restaurants, Chelseas had the best service and was most accomodating.  Emily was our server and she was excellent.  Food and wine was good too!!
I was fortunate enough to come here by attending a coworkers bridal shower and I absolutely love this restaurant. Food was delicious and the ambiance was amazing. The service was top notch and I can't wait to go again, possibly for date night! It is reasonably priced which is a great thing in this economy!
The mango I think it was a sorbet was edible. The other flavors were gross and that includes some I enjoy other places. I wanted some chocolate so I got some mini peanut butter cups and they were so waxy and bad that I did not eat them. Go to yogurt land they are way better.
This bar is in the Epicenter in downtown Charlotte.  I found the crowd a little too young for my taste.  But on the bright side, they had a mechanical bull.
Don't expect too much and you'll be fine, not bad but obviously not great,  good place to group with friends, have some beer and watch sports
Went here for lunch today after hearing good things through word of mouth, I had the smoked Turkey panini and my boyfriend had the sandwich of the day which had chicken breast and an array of delicious ingredients. We were SO pleased. I will definitely be back, I can't wait to try what else the menu has to offer!!!
Had delivery last night and it was TERRIBLE!\nI threw the menu away
Simply overpriced.\nBad food, stagnant atmosphere.\nWhy am I still here?
Sit outside!  Inside can be a little crowded & loud, but outside is just right!
I personally love Umami! Went the other day and shared the chick and mushroom dumplings, a salad, pork buns and summer rolls. I thought it was all great. You guys should teach some other places how to cook pork belly...  YUMMY
This place is very clean compared to any other sushi place around. The prices are high and the food is average at best. If your looking for not so fresh fish check this place out.
Very glad to have found and chosen this salon. Sign up was very easy, everyone I've met has been wonderful and helpful, and it's a national company so you can visit ANY palm beach tan in country. Lotion is a little pricey in-store, though.
Their good.  Creative toppings and doughnut basses at a reasonable price.  Looks like an attempt to emulate Voodoo Doughnuts but good in their own right.
Not very responsive or polite. Extra star for the dog that I saw when I was in there.
Since they did such an amazing job last time, we used them again. Huge mistake. They were late, damaged our things, and are now refusing to return our calls or take any responsibility. I would not use them again and will be following up with the AG, BBB, and any other agency I can think of.
Wonderful dining experience all around.  The  Filet was perfectly prepared.  Creamed corn was to die for but the potatoes were just ok.  Wonderful service from beginning to end.  And let's not forget the desserts!!
The girl at the counter had a difficult time taking our simple order. She also messed it up. Beautiful seating and decor. My beverage was mediocre.
Worst sushi I have ever had even if it was for $3.
Port of Subs is one of my favorite places for a sandwich and this location rocks. The service is amazing - so quick and friendly. Everyone is smiling! The cold cuts are sliced for you as you order and you get a fair amount on your sandwich. The prices are decent and there's a whole wheat bun. I am hooked!
Despite people are very courteous as always (all chick filas staff are extremely courteous) in this Northlake loc nobody was attempting to serve me until I brought it to their attention. I suggest managers train employees.
On a business trip I stopped here for lunch one day.  I had spaghetti and meatballs.  It was very average, I would say no better than the Olive Garden.  The service was decent and quick.  The atmosphere was pretty cool too.  There is better Italian food at a Deli / Italian grocery down the street, much better.
Stopped in for lunch today and was happy to be able to find something that I could make work with my Paleo Diet. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich which already comes with avocado & bacon (without the bun) and a side house salad.  It was delicious!
Do not eat here, nasty food.\n$5.00 for a chicken potato taco.\n$14.00 for 6 shu mai\n$2.00 for hot sauce.... I wouldn't even come back for .99 cents
I went to eat at this location after driving by once to try it out. It wasn't bad, I had the 8\" steak & cheese sandwich combo with sauteed mushrooms and sauteed onions. Next time I will get something with some spice, since they had a cabinet full of different hot sauces.
Not impressed.\nFeels like a Dennys.  I suppose if you MUST eat at a chain restaurant it would be OK... but life is too short to eat at chains. So I will never go again.  For breakfast only- it's hard to mess up eggs!
I love to bring groups of 6+ to this place.  How can it go wrong?  Good friends, alcohol, meat and a hibachi grill = fantastic way to kick off an evening.
Didn't care for it.  Expensive, small portions, and mediocre cooking.  Go a few blocks west to Saigon Pho if you want the real thing.  But this place is prettier, whatever that's worth to you.
The chips and salsa are good here, but I'd give the food a solid \"meh.\"
The nail polish chips off less than a day! They don't massage your hands like they do other salon's. Not worth the money.
5 Stars for sure! Awesome atmosphere a great wine bar/lounge without having to go all the way to scottsdale. If you are looking for a good chill time in chandler this is the place to be!
Great place to hang out. Great friendly Karaoke on Wednesdays and Sundays, with fast singer rotation. Good drink prices. Fun local bar.
Service was great and venue was chic and contemporary.  Food was not at all bad for bar food.
Stick with sandwiches.  Everything else is so-so.
The food was probably the worst I have eaten in a long time.  It seemed to have been sitting out for a long time.  Everything was very dry.  The oysters tasted like stale mud.  I highly recommend not eating there.
as a Portland metroer I fucking love this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
I've eaten here several times and liked it every time. The staff is very attentive and friendly, I love the patio, and the food is pretty good.
Loved this place. Our first visit to vegas. Meatballs were to die for.  Great calamari. I got the clams and linguine.  Great meal. Beautiful bread basket. Refill of water without asking. About 30 per plate
Pretty good AYCE sushi. The place is very small however and we went on a cold night so sitting outside was not an option. I don't eat raw fish much but the cooked rolls were delish! I would go back again!
Really chill bar with an amazing mojito made by our bartender Steve. It was a fun place to play some video poker!
All you can eat sushi was good quality. Waitress said we could not finish but we proved her wrong! Four stars because dining area is tiny.
If you like waterlogged pasta, runny sauce and food that really is not that good, by all means eat here.  \n\nWater is cold, so that's a plus.
Not clean. Poor service. Attitudes. Not helpful. Insensitive. Rude. \n\nWACK
I like to order a coffee and grab a book to read when I visit on Friday nights. While I don't attend church at Central, I have found the people and staff I have encountered to be incredibly nice and welcoming. The coffee is good too!
kinda of a crazy rocker bar...\nIf you like rock music/head banger music then this is your spot!\nDrinks were decent, music/cover band was good, and the atmosphere was typical of what you should expect. \n\nI like it!
My favorite pho place in the valley!! I got 2 bowls of soup and an amazingly delicious iced coffee for my friend and I for 13 bucks! It's a must try:)
Good eats!
It's bomb. Get a box combo, switch out the cole slaw, and bring me the other canes sauce. \nUNLV students, don't forget to show your Rebelcard and get that discount. At this location only!
There stuff is good from what I tried. The staff should be more attentive though. Be prepaired to wait forever in line and hours to recieve the few things you did order. They should have a better process... will be going again because ya there. Stuff is good.
By far the best salon to go to! They always do an amazing job and are very friendly! The prices are fair and the service is great!
Tmobile wins my business for best phone customer service(American), cheap phones and great coverage. However, when it comes to the stores I'm always disappointed with the staff. They must be miserably commission.
When they can't get something simple like a regular coke with a lemon right, you know it's going to be a long night!
Gerri with a G is a fun and informative guide! Unfortunately we did not experience any paranormal activity, but we did learn a good amount of Edinburgh history. Thank you Gerri with a G!
Just had the worst experience at CPK in Charlotte. We used to be frequent customers, will never return. Still have not even heard from them after writing to them explaining my situation. The manager here is AWFUL! Ruined a 5 year olds birthday and was completely rude and arrogant!
Food is great. Green chilis are delicious. Staff is hit or miss. Some are better than others.
After a long wait for the food, even though the place was not extremely busy when we arrived, I found the food to be above average and worth the price listed. I am not really a fan of Chinese food, but my wife is and she was satisfied with her dinner. I, myself would come back when and if my wife wants more Chinese food.
Nicely appointed, well kept. outside of the restaurant customer service did not truly impress me.
Always stop by Monta for ramen when we are in town.  They serve up some tasty ramen.  I usually order the miso although the tonkatsu is tasty as well.  The gyoza is good too.  I ordered a small rice bowl one time but the ramen is enough and I struggled to finish both.
Yeah, sorry. These people do not really know what they're talking about. Just trying to sell stuff. 2 stars for amount of supplies they carry. But They didn't have what I needed, and will not be going back.
Came here with my dog early in the am, very nicely done landscaping and trails.  Felt safe walking alone here, will come back again
A truly amazing place.  I now live in Minneapolis and I miss the terrace greatly.  If you are in Madison in the summer make sure you visit the terrace at around sunset to enjoy the lakefront view.  How many universities have their union on a lake?  I have so many good memories of hanging out there in the summer sharing pitchers of beer among friends.
I can't lie - I had a lot of fun here. This casino is definitely reminiscent of old school Vegas. Lots of slots and tables that pay out pretty well. The staff are all nice. It doesn't get too crowded, which I like. I'd go back!
Decent hotel - decent food/restaurants - decent casino - everything is slightly mediocre - not bad for your first trip to Vegas - but it is a bit further away from everything.  If you don't want to be too overwhelmed with Vegas, this might be a good place for you.
When it's late and you want a pint and some wings, this isn't a bad spot. Granted they aren't free range organic, but better than the stuff you'll get at BWW. The place is usually empty after 1am, so the service is great.
Excellent excellent Pizza. Very nice bar with great selection of craft beers and good wine. Nice comfortable place. Nice employees, well trained and knowledgeable.  Family owned. Moderate pricing.\n \nBy far the best Pizza in this part of valley.
Food was good. Waitress \"Maggie\" has no common sense. Spoke with owner and got things cleared up. Still won't go back again.
We are from Seattle where we have amazing sushi so we're pretty particular.  This was hands down probably the best sushi and rolls I've ever had.  I will definitely be going back when I'm in Vegas!
A good little breakfast place that serves up excellent omelettes. A personal plus for me is that you get a real coffee with breakfast (read allong\u00e9, espresso, latte, etc.)!\n\nGet there early otherwise prepare to wait.
Food was ok \n\nWaiter forgot my water but the biggest sin was the shut off the baseball game I asked them to put on in the Bottom of the 9th...some sports bar
Delicious as always! I love getting Nathan's whenever we're in Vegas because I can't get it at home.\n\nI got the Krispy Chicken Sandwich and crinkle cut fries, both were insanely good. My only real complaint is that it was pretty expensive.
Pour24 is one of the best spots for quality beer on the strip.  24 beers on tap, full bar, more beer in bottles, and jello shots (no kidding).  They also have several wide screen tvs to watch sports, video poker, and great people watching.
Nice hotel.  Definitely for a young crowd appealing to people looking for a hotel with a modern style with a urban/metro edge.  I think this compares to the level of the NYNY or Monte Carlo hotel and casinos. Not quiet the level of the Cosmopolitan.  Definitely has cool and accessible restaurants.
It looks like a nice airport. The one issue is the CAB line. Very hard to find. One of the worst i have came across
I had the best bruschetta here. \n\nThe drinks were good and refreshing.\n\nThe sandwiches and salad were fresh and delicious. The place looks like a bar but comfy and big. Service was quick and patient. \n\nAgain, bruschetta not to miss
Good restaurant, good food, and attentive service. But we all had pretty rough upset stomachs after. Must have been the fish in the rolls...
I cannot say enough about Dr. Simonson and entire Staff! If your looking for a veterinarian for your Furr kids, this is the place! Honest, Caring, Compassionate, and loves your animals! Amazing Dr. Amanda Simonson and her Staff!!!
Excellent food and wine. The braised ribs were not as great as I expected, but good.
After roaming the airport for a decent breakfast sandwich, I finally found the fast food comfort of Burger King. Typical airport protocol had then prepare numerous breakfasts items and place them out for quick service. Made me a little bummed. But it was still warm and pretty good. Thanks airport Burger King.
Came here for lunch at 11:20am, it was not too packed yet.  My brother got there 10 mins later.  We both ordered.  I got the Chicken Philly Pita.  My favorite!!!   This location did not disappointment either.  Woot woot!!!
We stopped in after seeing the Michael Jackson ONE show and everything was fantastic. The server was very attentive and the food off the charts good. I had a chicken Caesar salad and it was the best I've ever eaten. With a slight citrus spin, the salad was amazing.
We have eaten here twice prior to our last visit. Food is good and generous portions. However we stopped in one night 15 minutes before closing time and were turned away claiming the kitchen is closed already. Why would your kitchen close before the restaurant....
Not even the hungriest, rabid infested pack of Chihuahuas would touch this food. All their food is canned process nonsense. It's like Mc Donalds on Mescaline. Now the freshly made tortillas are good, but that's it.
This is your average \"locals\" casino.  The facility is pretty nice and there are plenty of things to do here; gamble, bowling, movies, food.  I think that this is one of the nicer local casinos when it comes to cleanliness.
Cocktail amazing, smoky sweet wonderfully crafted. Cheese selection also delicious, selections with a honey comb, buttered toasted rye,and a cherry chutney/jam.  Mussels on the other hand not cleaned properly. Lots of sand, and spent my time picking off the beards; too bad.
Just wanted to update that I NEVER received a phone call from this office for the follow up appointment.  Amazing- especially since I was diagnosed with an eye infection by a much better Dr.  This place SUCKS
Decent beer selection. Curds were good. Even really enjoyed the atmosphere and friendly staff. Was less than impressed with the mushroom burger. The seasoned mushrooms were so salty that it was hard to eat. I'd go back if in the neighborhood but not as a destination.
open and crowded with a diverse international student-heavy crowd on a monday night? that's not too shabby as far as i'm concerned.
Ahh Versace, my most favorite store in all of Vegas. Michael Garcia is the best sales associate ever. Made my shopping experience very smooth. Can't wait to visit again!
Love going here when I'm staying on the strip or walking along the strip.  Perfect place to take a break out of the sun and heat.  Large selection of stores to shop at.
How on earth is this show still on?  I went two years ago with friends, it was terrible.  Why oh why do people pay for this?\n\nYou will get far better value for your money by placing it all on black.
Beautiful AAA ballpark. Great skyline and probably not a bad seat in the house. Good quality baseball, major-league caliber. Only downside is cost of food and drink, but what pro sporting event isn't.
the waitress recommended an entree named \"seven stars and moon\" under Chef's signature section , which is merely a mixture of different meat, tastes awful!\nthe sesame shrimp also very bad!!! even not fully cooked!!\nand the service is the poorest i've ever seen.
The carnitas were ok. Someone else made a comment that they tasted like they were cooked bad and reheated....I agree with the reheated part as the meat was a little tough.
Many choices...specialty pizzas or build your own. Great arugula salad! Vegan and vegetarian options abound.
Well worth the $28 for dinner. Everything was awesome. We liked the different varieties of fish here. Long line but was real quick. We will definitely be going back.
First started using them with a yelp deal and even aftee it,they still,give me a great rate. Great with my dogs. Even set me up with a landscaper for an affordable rate! David is my guy. Highly recommend them! :)
Absolutely wonderful!  The food is amazing, the service was impeccable and the atmosphere is trendy and inviting. Would definitely recommend!
Absolutely nothing special about this place. Not worth a second visit. It is sad that best moderately priced Italian restaurant is Olive Garden.
This location is nice and the people at the pharmacy were very helpful. I wouldn't buy barely anything at Walgreens though. It is usually overpriced. Take the extra few miles and make it over to Walmart.
Great selection of local food.  Everything is delicious.  The service was very professional and polite. We'll be back!  Seating can be hard to find so be prepared to wait.
luv it! very friendly! many choices of color. gotta try the pedicure treatments!
Beef is hard and chewy, and the dough is meh. Having had Cornish Pasties in UK, this doesn't even compare. I think they should make their menu with fewer, better choices.
Not great but worth revisiting! The grilled chicken sandwich was awesome!
We ordered the Mochiko bowl and Srirachi Bowl. We liked it, kids finished their bowl, the only thing is that I wish they didn't use frozen vegetable. 2 stars for the frozen veggies. The food is actually very tasty!
My wife and I stopped in here just to get away from the strip a little bit. For off strip fast food the food is awesome and the prices are a welcome \"relief\" from \"on-strip\" pricing. If you make it here, you won't be disappointed.
It's loud, trendy, outside,  it was ok
Waited 40 minutes in line at the cage on a Sunday morning. There wasn't even a lot of people in line, just really slow processing. There was a gambling addiction brochure on the counter that said \"the fun stops here\" - oh you bet the fun stopped after waiting that long!
First they auto grat for 18% with a party of 5, 2 being children. They service was worth nothing. Would have totally given more but your service needs improvement and let me decide what your hospitality is worth.
What's not to love about this place... perfect for gifting... they have such unique products and a fun place to shop... A must go see.
The Luxor was nice however their service was the worst I've ever had. We called several times for towels and other essentials we needed and they finally brought them up after 2 hours the lady had an attitude. We also requested room service while we were gone and that never happened. I was very disappointed with them.
Good music, and sound system! Interesting characters always hanging out around here....enjoyyyy
We waited 10 minuets at the outside area to be served. The bartender and server looked right at us but never came to our table. The atmosphere was awesome but the service sucked! The sad thing is it was Sunday and not busy!
They have always taken care if me and families cars. They are always helpful and prices are good.
They cropped my negatives and printed way too light. Really disappointed. Need to find somewhere I can do it myself.
Cool concept. The fries and the sauces are delicious--my friends and I got a bunch of different ones... the garlic/rosemary and the madcity sauce were my favs. But be forewarned... this is literally just fries and sauces to dip them in. Nothing fancy.
I've eaten here a couple of times and the amount of food you get is not consistent.\nI love the noodles, orange chicken and beef with broccoli. This place does satisfy my craving for chinese food.
Best sushi in Madison. Creative, high-quality options and always welcoming. Jimmy is a great server, attentive and personable.
It was ok.  Had better
Delicious food......! I had Spicy chicken Teriyaki and fried rice and I loved it with sriracha and teriyaki sauces
Great service and great times!! Nothing like beer and bowling. I will return and look forward to the live DJ.
still a big fan, wonderful pizza!!!\n-- Remember to join their birthday club!!!-
Yummy!! I was a big fan of the dumplings. The mac and cheese was thick, cheesy and very filling; the side could be a meal. Very good. Apparently they have half of bottle of wine on Wednesday's. Live music on Friday and Saturday's. We'll definitely be going again.
First time at this one and I get my cup and go fill up my drink only to find an ant in my drink. Restaurant looked fairly clean and all but I just can't stand finding stuff in my drinks or food but the food was fresh and out in a reasonable time.
Scoops is great. They have a really extensive selection of flavors. I had a milkshake and it was good. The place itself is a little bare, but you're not there to look at art you're there to get some Scoops!
Terrible service. The waitresses were downright rude. I don't know if it's because we're not Spanish speakers but seriously the service is pitiful. Food was good- but not good enough to deal with this. We will absolutely not be back.
A French style bistro with great (fantastic!) steak tar tar....as for the other items, it's okay.\n\nCome here for steak tartar, otherwise try somewhere else.
Quite poor.  We came looking for a quaint French back fast place, this is a lowly American greasy breakfast hog feed (like Eggspectations) but expensive.  Terrible
Sometimes you want a good beer with some good food at a reasonable price.  Blue 32 has  a nice selection of beers on tap and some pretty good bar food - all at reasonable prices.
The store is really fun, just know it gets crowded quickly, especially around the holidays. Don't recommend going with a stroller in tow!
bww rocks!
My daughter and son-in-law always find the best little places to eat when I come to visit and this quirky little cafe is now at the top of my list. Had the half Cornish hen with grilled figs and tomatoes. It was perfection in every respect. I loved everything about this place.
Great place! And cheap!
Had the blu cheese burger and fires. Burger was just ok and the fries were not good at all. way over cooked and no taste.
My fav dim sum spot in Vegas.  Easy to get to, park and get seated.  Food is consistently good.  Easy on the wallet too.
The tacos are the best. The guacomole is very flavorful, but the chips shouldve been crispy- they were dry.\n\nOverall, I would recomend this restaurant.
Hmmmmmmm places that doesn't live up to their namesake...A poor facsimile attempt that does not  do the REAL STUDIO 54 justice...
Went with my boyfriend for a few after dinner drinks and was a bit disappointed. The place was packed but the 2 bartenders were more concerned about talking to their friend or the regulars. The service was extremely slow.
Went here after work for a quick Mickey D fix. I had order a 6 piece chicken nuggets meal. Sorry to say but I think it will be my last time here. Don't get me wrong, the food tasted fine by my insides didn't think so.
i came, i waited in line forEVER, and the food was blah. and expensive.\n\n\nnope..
DO NOT GO HERE ! 40$ for a battery that breaks 6 days later and with receipt won't return ! Completely over priced .. I'm sure it will nonlinear be in business in a couple of months with this customer service !
This place is in a good location with a lot of other restaurants to compete with.  When I went with my husband for the first time, it was just ok. Atmosphere was just mediocre. Food was good. I would go back to try more.
To my suprise the show was great!
This is a great pizza place. Perfect brick oven taste at a good price. The pies run you for about 12 bucks. If you've ever been to Grimaldi's before this place has a similar taste. Best pizza restaurant I've been to in Arizona yet.
I come here almost daily and I have never had to have a drink remade. That plus the wonderful staff can't go wrong!
Hands down the best barbecue in Charlotte..... Great patio in the summer and an eclectic interior atmosphere. The service is hit or miss...... But mostly when you go to Macs, it's about the food..... Which is never a disappointment!
Service was good, wings were good but both sandwiches, which were supposed to be best per server, the Philly and club had no flavor whatsoever accept the bread which was good.
Great place for an event!
Delicious food, excellent service!!!!\nGreat experience !
I will never eat at red devils on 31st street and McDowell!!! First of the roach on my pizza and to top it off my drink had a long hair in it this place is gross and would not let a dog eat that garbage.
The food is inconsistent and the service is terrible.  No reason to go - ever.
Yesterday I ate at Panda Express Casa Grande. \nIts been a while and I am suprised that the foods cooked better and perfectly great. It was exactly the same experienced that I had in Panda Express Maricopa! Great stuff for lunch!!!!
I put in an order for pick up. My food was ready on time and my order was correct even with my modifications. This is not a 5 star restaurant, but it was 5 stars for what it is!
The tapas were amazing. Good customer service. Food was a lil slow but overall fairly nice
Had the nachos since nothing else appealed to me.  I have had better nacho cheese at a Football game.  Pretty bad.
Fantastic family place with great pizza and friendly service. Always get the pizza, and my wife loves the calzones, and unless you are sharing you absolutely don't need a large.\n\nThe food is fantastic, but the staff makes this the best pizza place in town.
Atmosphere is very conservative.  Service was great, however steaks are okay not OUTSTANDING like at Prime at Bellagio.  The sides were excellent.  The wine menu is over 100 pages.  But really not work the $52 for a bone in ribeye
Don't miss this local favorite. Great drinks and great bartenders like Danny, Dan, Daniel!!! Cheap drinks and wonderfully accomadating!!!
Casual place to get some cocktails, beer or grub. Reminds me alot of Jack's Urban Eats in Sacramento.
Was there in March with some friends, excellent steak, also had the mac & cheese, that was good too.  My friends had the shrimp, which I was told was also good.  We went out on Freemont Street after and had a great time.
Terrible. Ugly d\u00e9cor, bad food, poor service.
Great place to stay, great view, awesome tropical atrium in the lobby.
I'd give this zero stars if I could! This is twice I have come to the coffee and donut place only to find out they are out of the Box O'Joe! I won't be giving this location any more of my time. Craig Road location, please don't fail me!!
The food is great when they do it right but otherwise my orders are mostly wrong. I get cold buns and burnt patties and when I ask for ketchup they forget most of the time. I would recommend another in n out.
Good food, decent prices!
Best Vietnamese food in AZ! I'm so in love with this place that I plan on coming here for years to come....yummy!
My mother, sister and niece got so sick yesterday 9/26/14.\nThrowing up and diarrhea ALL NIGHT!
Friendly staff, huge selection of glasses and styles, new and modern equipments. Dr. Ha is very courteous and professional, very patience and he's a perfectionist! he made sure i have the right prescription before i leave his office.
I just got a smoothie and wrap. The smoothie is good. As for the wrap I didn't even eat half of it, so I tried to feed it to my dog and my dog said hell no.
Sage chicken and waffles and Andy's chicken benedict are always the best!! Got the watermelon kiwi lemonade this time--it was a little sweeter than I typically like, but the flavor was terrific!
BEST all-you-can-eat such EVER\nEnough said
Ok this is not at all like the original in Santa Monica, CA. The food was salty salty salty. Terrible. Terrible margies. Overall, sucky. I do not recommend this place.
What a disaster. We came with a large party. They knew we were coming. 2.5 hours later and we just got the salad. We were here for 4 hours before dinner was complete. Manager is clueless. They scheduled 2 servers for a party of 40.
Visited the aquarium sinve it was on the 10 must do things while in vegas. Nice aquarium but not everything advertised was available. An interesting place to visit but I'm not sure it's a must see if you are in vegas
I got the verde pizza and it was very unappetizing all around- it was too oily, the dough was extremely soggy but the crust was all burnt- if I wasn't tasting oil, I was tasting charcoal. Was expecting a lot better and left very disappointed.
Some good rolls, a lot of choice!!!  i'll go again for sure... ;)
Worst McDonald's by far. It always smells like sewage and the food is alway old. When you tell someone about it's like an inconvenience to them. I can't believe the manager is actually the manager. She has the personality of a rock. There are only a small amount of great employees here.
Prices are reasonable...fried rice, Thai flat noodle with Duck, and the yellow curry is delicious!  However, they burnt my fried calamari :(
Talk about a no pressure sales place. They let me explain what I wanted, made some recommendations which were spot on, explained the differences in tires and ended up having me pick something else with no pitch back to a more expensive tire. Very unusual in my experience but wishing I experienced more of it.
came back. service is extremely lacking lately.
Great party place in Tempe. Good help, friendly and a great place to watch football on the weekend.
New place. Needs to work a few kinks out but Great food and moderate prices. Nice addition to the neighborhood. Look forward to my next visit.
Came here last year and had a great time. This year we came back expecting the same but instead got a horrible experience. The food wasn't as good as last year. Only good thing is that beer and champagne are limitless.
Seemingly decent looking place,  we wanted to try given it's proximity to our home....will not return!  Sub par food, mediocre service, not a great value for the buck, and possible the worst restroom on 7th Ave, disgusting!
The food is great but service is the absolute opposite.  We had all our food, 5 kids and the pizza took over an hour.  The tables around us were leaving as we sat and waited and waited.  I am aware this happens but  no customer service as the manager watched our upset reactions but never apologized and did not take it off the bill.
Always busy but worth the wait, good service, good food and consistent!
Way over priced and 2 out of 4 of the flavors I tried were disgusting. 45 cents an ounce when everwhere else is around 28 cents. The quality of the yogurt was just terrible. Find a Yogurtland or a Uswirl for better price and a better taste.
This place is awesome. It is a sports bar so the atmosphere is sporty. Staff is awesome and friendly. Food is delicious and extremely affordable. I'd recommend this place to anyone.
I'm 6'1\" and 250 lbs., and it was a crammed fit!
So much fun! My friends and I were afraid it might be cheesy, but we all had a great time.  Good food and a hilarious cast! Definitely will go again.
A little bit of renovation going on and things have been moved around but still a huge supply of goods.
It was there and so were we.  It was getting late and we wanted to dance.  The music was fine.  The crowd, ok.  It was only a $5 cover, thank god :)
Top notch service- super friendly! I was however quite sure I was going to be shanked in the parking lot/it's always weird to have the bathroom be unlocked for you at a donut shop.
Great place and great service!
I haven't been back here in years. The food is mediocre at best. Head to Monterrey's.
Kinda disappointed. We were panhandled in the parking lot, and then subsequently on the patio.
Not a big fan of Paris Las Vegas, but this part of it is okay. Several restaurants and shops are here, and there's a place to get a good Bloody Mary. I like the French Village look of it though.
Amazing service with the best rates in Phoenix! I took my Porsche 911 to McIlvain Motors for my 60,000 mile service.  The owner, Scott, came to my office to pick up my car and dropped it back off when completed.  Could not have been easier!
Located in Red Rock Casino & Hotel. Decent food. Obviously, if you are in the hotel, convenient location and open 24hrs.
There is no doubt that the ambiance is better than many other optical's shops but the prices are very high. \n\nWe saw the same product in Carolina's mall in sears Optical's at a way lower price point. I am definitely disappointed.
I do love this doctors office but the wait time is dreadful. I would recommend Dr. Miller to any one with children.
Way overpriced. Wide selection. Good to browse, not to buy. Check out your local mexican market.
The drinks are good and relatively cheap for Uptown. The menu is a rather limited selection of sandwiches and standard bar appetizers of average quality. Folks come to watch sports on tv, flirt with the generally attractive waitresses, and to play poker for free on Saturdays.
Very nice and helpful.  If you are balling on a budget then this is the best store to visit.
Awesome pistachio and dulce de leche. Customer service could improve, and prices are outrageous.
This is a weird semi-suburban scene filled with odd looking single professional thirty-somethings, made all the more weird by the fact that this is a really small demographic in Madison (small gene pool).
Found three hairs in two different dishes! Bun was waaaay too sweet too! Will never go back.
Went here for the first time and was pretty disappointed after reading such great reviews. The egg drop soup was so thick I couldn't eat it. Very gelatin looking. I had the orange chicken as directed by reviews and it was OK. Not wonderful but not bad. Left much of my Chinese craving unsatisfied.
Not a lot of options as far as food. On top of that you can tell the food has been sitting there for hours, yuck! I'd enjoy my McDonalds meal better then this joint. Service is also lacking. Where the heck is management cause you've got workers just standing and chit chatting!
When I need a sweet treat I go through this drive thru for a blizzard. I hate to admit it but I've tried multiple varieties of blizzard flavors, and every time I leave satisfied.
Stayed here for a month in 2012. Very friendly staff, clean gated property & close to the strip, across the street from UNLV & the hard rock. Will be back.
Update: In addition to the aforementioned disasters, they made me gate check my handbag, which defeated the whole point of packing only a carry-on (so I wouldn't have to go through baggage claim).\n\nNOT COOL.
This place is now closed for business. :(
This place has gone really down hill :(  I was in last weekend after a hockey on a saturday at 9pm.  The ladies bathroom was gross.  The service was lacking in friendliness and timeliness-and all we had was beer and appetizers!  We used to love coming here, but will definitely think twice.
Great panoramic views and photo ops: check\nFabulous brunch selection: check\nSuperb service: check\n\nThis is a wonderful venue for a Sunday brunch with the girls and a romantic  choice for couples. I definitely recommend this classy establishment!
Fun atmosphere, Great customer service and food is wonderful!  I recomment for anyone.  They do offers on groupon so watch for that and utilize.
The food is great, the shawarma plate, hummus, mixed grill, it could've been better tho. The staff and service is ok.\n\n4-star mostly is for the garlic souce
placed an online order which it was schedule to be deliver in 30 mts. an hour later i got a cold pizza..ewww!\nwill not recoment this location..if you live in the uncc area..dominos is a your best option!
There street tacos are super good. I could eat like 6-8 though before I am full! So they add up price wise. Really good al pastor! Right up there with taco y taco as the best two Mexican joints around.
We have gone 3 times, my husband likes fish tacos-I ordered a beef and cheese burrito---twice the burger was burned so bad I thought someone was playing a joke. The tortilla was dry and breaking apart.  The home made salsa is good.
The Best Jamaican food Hands down in the Charlotte market!
While my daughter is at school her car is garaged.  We know we should start it occasionally but often forget.  German Motors solved the problem with a trickle charger.  Peace of mind was a great result!
Love this place!!  I have eaten authentic thai food all over the world, and this is some of the best I have had.  The Thom Ka soup is amazing.  The staff are also very nice and always make me feel welcome.
This is frankly the best Mediterranean food restaurant in Madison and trust me I've tried them all. Everything from the excellent food, Faysal's unmatched hospitality, and the staff's friendliness just keeps making me come back and back again to this place to satisfy my Mediterranean food cravings!
Chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good. Service was OK.
Great patio. Great wine selection. Tasty food. Enjoy downtown Matthews!!
I would say this place has one of the better boba places I've tried in Vegas. They have a pretty good selection of milk teas and slushies and they have shaved ice! It's like a Tapioca Express but better because I actually like this place and I hate TapEx.
Been here several times now, always good, always fresh. Can get crowded though during peak times
Good food- expensive. Great ambiance . All in all a pleasant experience.
I was told it would be 45 minutes when I had 2 girls in front of me, they left before they were helped and I should have been next in line when they helped 5 other people before me. I waited an hour and a half with no apologies from any staff.
Service is alwayse super friendly and attentive. Love the salads and deep dish pizza is a must have!
I bought a Groupon for a hair cut and partial highlights. Great deal and I love new hair. Kayla did a great job and she was really easy to talk to. The only disappointment was the temperature in the salon. It was pretty hot and I was in the chair closest to the front.
Beers!!! Holy cow what a selection. Had a Thai chicken pizza and a couple great beers to wash it down. Told the bar tender the things I liked in beer and brought great selections. I might go back tomorrow......
Great food, great service.  This was my second visit and it didn't disappoint...
Simply the best paintball Field in Arizona. 3 rec ball fields to play. Very reasonable prices on paint and you can also bring your own paint. Houses, Trenches, helicopters, swat house, cars, etc. great staff and lots of fun.
The name wasn't the same but the sushi were amazing and big\nWill be back
I have been out of town on business and couldn't wait to get my sub fix today, but when I got there they were out of bread. The Port of Subs I ended up with sucked, and cost twice as much.
Always a million-hour wait (dinner time or later) and gummy ice cream. Everything LOOKS fab, but meh. If I ever go through a horrific breakup and need to punish myself with food I'll go here and get a cookie sundae and cry in it.
Visiting from Omaha, Nebraska and wanted to start the day with something healthy. Had \"the greenie\" juice and it was delicious!!! Loved the atmosphere and the customer service was awesome. Thank you, I will be back later :)
Es ist halt nur eine Vereinsgastst\u00e4tte mit etwas orientalischer Dekoration im Gastraum und am Essen. Muss nicht.
First let me say I'm a picky eater love good food a friend took me here so was not my first choice da price was good da food ? Let's just say my first and last time hopefully.
You can get 50% off your car wash when you check in on yelp. They do a really nice job. They never miss spot.
Go here a lot good service and value for the money. Food is consistent. Will continue to to come back.
Love this place! They are always very fast, even during the dinner rush. I highly recommend the Singapore noodles! Yuummm! :)
I've loved this Thai place for years. Best Chicken Satay I've had since I left So Cal! Good lunch specials with soup and such. Personal favorites include Spicy Basil Dish, Pad Thai and Red Curry.
This place needs some cleaning!!!!!! We tried it because of the great reviews , the buffet was gross, the hibachi chicken was not bad, but just eating it in that dirty place wasn't pleasant.
I have stayed at the Bellagio for the last time!!  When a pit boss says \"let me talk to you like your white!!!!\" I think that pretty much translates to \"your not welcome colored folk!\" So I will take my non-white self to the many other non MGM properties!
Great vegetarian-friendly food! The beet wrap was outstanding. Lunch is always a pleasure.\n\nFine weather has me out on the back patio, admiring the cherry blossoms and downing yet another magnificent panini or quesadilla or wrap-thing. Keep it up, MYM!
I love this place but have been here 4/5 times and have had horrible service every time!  I sat at my bay for 20 min with no acknowledgment and previous times waited over 10 minutes to get drinks I ordered!  I hope management sees this!
One of the best Mexican spots in town. The food is great (salsa bar!) and so are the margaritas. That said, it is crammed - try to go on a night when it's less busy to avoid feeling the full brunt of that.
Stopped by for lunch special.  Delicious. Had to take doggie bag home it was so plentiful.
Awesome food love to eat here.
This place was right off the freeway on my way to Tucson.  I loved that it wasn't busy at all and I was able to get in and out.  The guys working here were friendly and didn't try to up-sell me at all.
Great food! awesome Margaritas!
Went at 1 on a sat. Server was nice but service was beyond slow. All burgers were cooked well regardless of our choice.
Great selection of gourmet donuts. So many to choose from. I picked the gourmet dozen for $14. The donuts had fun creative names and the staff was friendly. In addition they are open 24 hrs! Hidden gem on Lake Meade!
Yuck!  I don't ever think I've given this bad of a review!  Not good.  Hopefully this was just a  bad night for them.  Cold potatoes and undone chicken.  I just don't know what to say!  Ewe!  I would not do again.
The woman who answered my call was very rude! Nuff said.
Very cool place.   Excellent wine list, great friendly service and a smart, friendly crowd.  One of our favorite places in Scottsdale.
My sister likes the hot wings...  They were ok considering they are from a sports bar deli.
Good beer for sure. Try their sampler-a nice way to get to know their brand. Avoid the carnitas tacos, however. They're not really carnitas...just fried cubes of pork fat. However, the grilled cheese is great!
Gotta love Carl's Jr for when you are trying to get the kids and yourself fed in a hurry. Always good...not amazing...and consistent. Their double western bacon cheeseburger totally hit the spot today. \n\nThis location is new, clean and the employees are super nice. Overall a good experience :)
First time going here and all in all not a bad sandwich.  I ordered the club without honey mustard.  Total 4.91 and a short wait.  The sandwich itself was very tasty and I liked the bread.  The tomato's had a good flavor too.  I would like to try a few more of the sandwiches they offer and the lemonade.
This is the best sushi in town period. It doesnt get fresher than Hana's especially in the desert. The sushi is very creative and they have some dishes you won't get here in Phoenix everyday.
I'm in love with their happy hour.... Amazing Bloody Mary's and half priced apps!  Their frites are memorable and highlighted by garlic aolli
Good food, great service - the balcony has got the best view of Bellagio water show.  I tried the escargot for the first time there.  Loved it!
Dude was rude I was late getting to my house compensated him for being late and he left didn't finish the job came back today finished but took my keypad entry
It is the crew that makes this store work!\nAnd it is the crew that keeps me coming back!\nThey always seem to go above and beyond what is being asked.\nThat kind of service is rare!
Service was really quick and efficient. We had the duck and it was a bit tasteless. Beautiful location however we didn't get a table with a view. Had young families and old couples a like having dinner. Definitely worth having a look at as the area is lovely, in the Old Town.
Belle ambiance, beau menu.  Je vous conseille vivement de r\u00e9server...car c'est souvent plein.
This is most likely your best option for an overpriced sandwich at the airport. Definitely better than the ones in plastic wrap and you pay just a bit less at Jersey Mike's.
Been going here for nearly 6 years.  Food used to be incredible and service was fabulous.  Just went there last week and it was awful.  Food was cold, order was wrong and service was slow.  I am so disappointed!  Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be going back.
Probably won't come here anymore. The past couple times I've came, the steak has been barely cooked and so chewy and fatty, it was disgusting, it ruined my whole meal.
Great beer selection.\n\nThe food is so so.\n\nIf you love beer I would go to this bar.
Our family ate there over Spring Break, 2013.  Great location in an upscale shopping area.  The best pesto pizza ever.  Everything wonderful, except the A/C was broken.  I was sitting next to the thermostat, so the manager talked to me.  Very nice and she gave us a free dessert.  I recommend.
Had the Street Tacos. They were way too small, not enough meat. The tacos were more tortilla then anything else. They get 3 stars for good service.
Great food, great people, and cold beer. What more can you ask for. Best wings in town. You'll swear your in buffalo.
It is so so at best.I stayed there again with a friend who likes it there.I tried not to eat there at all. THe music lounge has June groups listed in July .It seems kind of old even though Im old too.I still greatly prefer Bellagio
Naan is decent, saag paneer is awful. I think they may use cheddar cheese in it. The buffet always looks picked over (I have been there on more than one occasion) On  a positive note the gulab jamon is amazing
Delicious. Anything else I add to this review would just be fluff. Delicious and reasonably priced sums it up. No inside seating, basically fast food and there are tables outside in the foot court common area. We ate there pretty late so it was cool with a breeze. Dress accordingly.
Always very friendly staff. Lots of kitties for adopting - check them out! This is a pretty active Petsmart between the groomer and dog training. Great location to kill time if you're wating for an appointment too.
nice location nice pt's......very average service
Massive quantities & yummy food, good ambiance BUT terribly slow and somewhat incompetent service.
I'm giving this restaurant 4 stars because they are still around. 10 years ago this was one of the only restaurant to eat Filipino food and 10 years later, the food is still up to part and the service is great. \n\nVery consistent with the food taste.
This food is better than sex. Even further astounding than the product is the customer service (Even though it's an extraordinarily overrated aspect and I'd gladly supply a five star ranking if they just shipped out the food without any emotion). This will be the new barometer I gauge all other establishments off of
We love CPK - but I've never been to one this bad. It took 20+ minutes to get water and about 40 minutes to get food. Salad was out about 3 minutes before pizza, pizza was soggy. Service was terrible.
C'mon, five bucks for a big, quality plate of delicious lemon chicken? Please. Really, we're talking about two meals worth of food.  This place rocks.
Great place to go, I love the night staff and the food is amazing. Great place to hang out after a long day
Clean, delicious food, shared crab fried rice, I had chicken noodle soup, my wife had the beef soup, both were really good lots of meat and noodles, very reasonable price for the amount of food and the quality of it. Great service. We will be back!
DJ is playing good music from mix house to hip-hop and to some 80's rock. Their drinks are strong and their bartender brings such joys to the crowd. Some are celebrating their birthdays here or just celebrating their way of being happy. It's never a problem to get drinks. It's the happiest place on earth.
Used to go here a lot a few years back and just went back for the first time last night! Great service, friendly staff, and the food was fresh and delicious! Great little hole in the wall.
Nice lady behind the counter. Ham and swiss croissant rolls were pretty good. My daughter really liked her donut, but on the whole it was just too pricey to justify going back.
We just ordered nachos and a burrito for delivery (via postmates) and were very disappointed by the quality of the food. It was average at best and pretty forgettable. We won't likely return again.
What's the point of having a Starbucks if it doesn't open till after 8am?!?! Most people are already at work by then..
I've been to this location a couple of times and it is getting worse each time. The staff is good but the food is not. The lettuce looked dead and slimy on my wrap and their was a bug in my drink. I prefer twin peaks over Tilted Kilt now
Tried the corn chowder and it was divine. I especially loved the grated Vermont white cheddar on top!
BEWARE: These guys will mess up your bank account, and will provide a horrible customer service to go with it. They will only sign you up for insurance without your prior approval.
As a spectator this race I wanted to get me family on video attempting these obstacles. With the amount of real estate soooo close to stands, the obstacles could have been laid out better too allow family to enjoy the race too. Very disappointed.
Small portions.  Relatively high cost.  No sauce on my kung poa chicken.  Meat dry and over cooked. I instant it is airport food,  but really?
A place that you can buy any kind of clothes from teenagers and even for adults with affordable prices!
Love this place..always new things to see. Can spend hours here...always bring just a little bit of cash, or else I'll spend alot of money here
This place was really a neat location.  My friend and I played pool and had a drink. The server was great and the place was nice.  I really liked it and would recommend it to anyone.
Bonne bouffe tex mex, ambiance d\u00e9contract\u00e9e, bon service. Belle petite place presque cach\u00e9e au coin de St-Germain et De Rouen \u00e0 Montr\u00e9al.
It's 106 degrees outside and 90 plus inside the restaurant !!! Asked if the AC was on. Oh yes she would check??  It's 90 plus. AC is not working!!! Daaahh
We ordered the Cabo appetizer platter and taco salad. The food was very good and service was okay. The only issue I had was the wait to be seated. They had empty tables that were not open on a Friday night. They seemed to be shorthanded.
Cheap Drinks, Hot bartender, Internet Jukebox, Cheap pool and tons of good times. \n\nDont listen to Sara K. she was 86'd for not paying a bar tab so made a fake account just to write a bad review.
First day here decided to try the complimentary breakfast.bad idea i sat in the restuarant area for 20 min without even being acknowledged. Four more days here not sure i even want to try again
$5 for a slice of pizza. When it's 2 am and you've been drinking all day, it's heaven. Centrally located in New York, New York. It's not worth seeking out but if you happen to be near in the area, it's a good cheap choice.
Their regular customers are not very friendly if you are not a packers fan. We had great service from our waitress. This place is perfect for a Green Bay packers fan. Their wings were good.
Harkins is always fun to go to.  I like them better than AMC and they always seem to have a friendly staff.  Thanks Harkins for being there for me :)
Great presentation but poor selection of ice cream. Cupcakes were tasty but not up to my expectations.
Used to be a serviceable record store but has become a shell of its former self.  OVERPRICED lps and the selection is almost the same as it was 10 years ago.  I am an avid collector and really find no reason to go here anymore.
This place actually gets it. Small enough to be a comfortable atmosphere but big enough to have a lot of great beers on tap. \n\nI'm a white wheat kind of guy and loved the beer Dan picked out. Great place check it out!
This is a good local bar.  The wings were average and they had a good beer special with 3 dollar Coronas on Wednesday.
Don't get me wrong, ice cream was good but dang $3.99 for a SMALL bowl.  Kiddos enjoyed it of course.  They had a good amount of seating in the small shop.
Worst I've ever been to. $20 cover on a Monday w promise of all we can drink, including top shelf liquors. Instead greeted by the cheapest, rudest, bartender and his drinks. Thinking they are doing us a favor, please looking like a dead tamagachi
The worst McDonald's ever. They never get the order right. They are slow. And speak horrible English!
Cheaper than Starbucks and great service. It's on my way to work and easy to get in and out of quickly in the morning.
I was shocked to find out they served breakfast here and all day long. I ordered a turkey sausage sandwich and it was quite yummy. Might have to swing by for actual breakfast at breakfast sometime. Service was fast, place was clean, lunch was inexpensive.
Worst experience I ever had. Tried to force services that I did not want. Major attitude when I refused. My nails was not shaped and my fingers were sore from the technician digging for cuticles. Think her name was Nancy.
prettay.. prettay.. prettay.. good. \n\neven though the crumb cake was like concrete they get an extra star for being the only effing place open at 8am.
This place is amazing. It's a beautiful Saturday morning or sitting out here having a wonderful breakfast dogs next to us and it's packed in here.  Did I mention that they have really good mimosas?
I dined here on Monday 04/29. I ordered the Korean steak tacos, they were ok but nothing special. The vanilla bean cheesecake however was good. The waitress young lady long blond hair, was very good and attentive.
Fast Chinese food and you get a lot for your money! \n\nFood is good. \n\nBut their pot stickers scared me way to big and texture was not on point!
Staci was just great and the food is so worth it. Great prices, everybody working together to help get people in and out. It's a breakfast wonderful
The best sushi place I have ever been to. Bar none. I recommend the tasting menu but even if you don't get that, any roll you get will blow your mind.
California comes to Vegas! This place is like the restaurants in California, but better. It's open 24/7 363 days a year (closed on Easter and Christmas) I'm usually here on there graveyard shift or sometimes early dinner. Great food and affordable. Look for discounts in the Entertainment Book!
It's the post office....could the customer service have been better? Absolutely. Could it have been worse? Absolutely. I believe this is a dying bread anyway, unfortunately.
Big fan of their salsa.  The Pollo Diablito is my favorite here.
Had the Kiki Burger.. It's okay... Service needs to improve. The servers seem to have early stages of Alzheimer's. They forgot the extra plates, knives, coffee... Lol
The fly swatting by the guy behind the counter threw me off a little but good http.
Super noms! Try the baked salmon roll. Friendly fun atmosphere. Everything was really really tasty.
I'm so glad to see a restaurant other than a chain open in AZ Center!  The atmosphere is cozy, the service was ok and the drinks were good!
Great spot to get your smog check done prices are amazing $15!!!
What a hidden gem!  The food was out of this world amazing and the service was lightning fast.  Can't wait to come back!
I don't get what the big deal is.  \n\nWe ordered a bunch of different things and honestly nothing stood out.  Food was bland.  Meat quality was subpar.  Restaurant interior was boring.  Won't be back.
This airport should be better..
Another Groupon casualty.  We went there to have dinner the other day and saw that it was closed.  That's too bad.  I think Groupon did them in...they always had deals out there, how could they make any profits?\n\nReturn Factor - 0%
This restaurant has consistently good food at very reasonable prices. I wouldn't bring a date here but I would definitely come here for lunch or dinner with friends. Also this restaurant is open late so a great place to sober up after drinks.
Bad service at  this location
On Sunday and Monday they have a Raw menu and I highly suggest you give it a try. The prices are a tad higher but the resulting flavors are awesome. Check out the dehydrated crackers and cinnamon rolls!\n\nThe owners are really friendly and helpful as well.
Soggy french fries?  Crazy crazy prices?  Long waits? this place has it all, the worst \"Cafe\" I've tried in vegas.
Great food/service. I tried 3 different things and it all tasted really good.
Went on a weekend morning more than a year ago. It says something that I still remember the details of my visit. They were just unorganized. Possibly overwhelmed. Lady who I think was the owner was just barking orders. Maybe we should have waited for a table outside for a more peaceful dining experience...
Beautiful venue and felt very fine dining! Staff was super courteous and informed about menu. Full vegetarian menu which was outstanding! Would go again on next trip!
Decor is great. Food, was so so. Teriyaki chicken was tough. Tempura did not have a crispy texture like it had been reheated. Service was good adding a star.
One of my favorite coffee pit stops on the way to work. Coffee is always good, sometimes the baked good disappoint. Still, a must stop for the coffee! My fave: cafe au\nlait with a shot of espresso, nonfat with 2 Splenda. Yum!
Sun city high prices. No public restroom. Nothing special about the place. Staff is friendly but nothing more than any other business. Just your average sun city used furniture.
Smoothies, smoothies, smoothies! That's what it's all about.  Mango and peach was very good. Hangover breakfast sandwich was delicious and you don't actually need a hangover to eat it, as it goes. Real solid brunch joint.
Can we say slo-mo expresso? Very slow service with staff members who don't listen well or ask enough questions. Also very limited pastry selection for 11 am on a Sunday. Latte was pretty but mostly foam.
If you stay here you might not wake up with your kidneys and your car will most likely be stolen. Splurge and stay closer to city center.\nI took one look at this place and called and cancelled my reservation. If the clerk needs bullet proof glass you know it is a bad sign for you.
Really needs a renovation. Stayed in 2007 and came back in 2011. Nothing has changed and I doubt it ever will.
Terrible Service, The owners steal prizes from tournaments. Very shady.... best to stay away and shop/play elsewhere in town
the drinks were yummy and the food delicious!
Can't go wrong with the Vespa (v.). Heaped with toppings on a sizeable jacket potato.
Had dinner here last night with a girlfriend and had a wonderful time. Greatly enjoyed the meal, the wine, and the company. The liver pate is wonderful. The popovers sublime and the meat cooked perfectly. My only regret, it's pricey or I would frequent this place.
Ordered pasta with mushrooms, asparagus and a cream sauce for takeaway last night. That's exactly what I got-no salt, pepper, or any herbs/spices/cheese. The worst part was that the asparagus and mushrooms were canned.
Food was really good so the stars go the the kitchen. Bartenders took forever to take our drink orders and even longer to take our food order and it wasn't late we went at 12pm. Our server/bartender was super rude and seemed irritated that we sat in her section. Good food but won't go back.
Food was mediocre and the service was horrible.  Slow, rude waitress.  Looks like it attracts the boozer crowd.\n\nThey offer tons of coupons then get pissed off when you try to use one.  I live 2 blocks from there and will never go back.
Just ok!\nNo kids menu so unless your kids like seafood don't go.\nFood is somewhat flavorless \nReally wanted a good po boy
Food is really average....we ordered sausage shrimp rice fry and yes my dish comes with 2 shrimp.....if u have living social deal then worth a try otherwise go somewhere else
Was more smokey than other casino's.  We have a great time playing all the games.
Humongous omelettes. Very great service. Clean and cute decor. Try the Mexicana omelette, the green chili salsa adds a nice kick!
Average casino, went here for shows. Nice place for frozen drinks though.
Deion was helpful and patient. I am usually uncomfortable learning about new devices because I am technically challenged, but Deion made me feel at ease.  I still need more help and I know I won't be nervous about seeking it.\nDonna
All you can eat special is a great buy. Food is served hot and accurately cooked to order. Service is very friendly. Nothing fancy, good comfort food better than fast food.
The place was clean.  The employees were friendly enough.  The ice cream was delicious.  My only complaint is that the guy mixing our ice cream thought it was ok to tell us that his job was annoying and the worst job he ever had and he hated it.   Like we really want to hear that.
Fun and silly place to spend a couple of hours. Learned more about mustard than I needed to or ever thought I would. Especially great on a cold and wet day.
Excellent food and great service. Great deals on lunch menu, highly recommend this gem.
Great restaurants serve different types of bagels, here you get the choice of PLAIN.  Eggs were served warm, hash browns barely good.  Atmosphere is nice.  There was a line to get in and my advise is to NOT wait in line.
What Filipino restaurant charges $7 for HaloHalo, really?! Red Ribbon is less than $5. Might as well go to Thelma's across the street.
OMG, $7 or $8 for a smoothie?!?! I mean, it was tasty, but seriously? Even at inflated airport prices, I about had a heart attack. The only reason they got a customer in me is that I really, really wanted a smoothie such that nothing else was going to hit the spot.
Spirit airline We had nothing but delays both ways and they were two hour delays the plane was not clean I have nothing good to say about them I would get another airline or would walk over taking then again, plus there was a cup in my chair covered in gum ewwwwww
Always hit this place up when I'm in Vegas. It's CHEAP and has decent food). I usually go with the grilled chicken- helps me feel somewhat healthy after my typical vodka binge. However this is usually cancelled out by their 2 for 1 drink deal.
Back when i lived here in PA, i was able to try these guys out as i heard a lot about them. I had a pastrami Sandwich and fries. Everything was pretty good but wish i would of tried more as the sandwich i had was just a little better then average. Would like to give them more credit if i could
Terrible service was ignored then panini wasn't even put in to heat until I asked about it then they sat it on the counter and didn't even call it out, rude staff!! And they weren't even busy at the time!
Great place for decent sushi and tempura. Friendly staff and always courtesy service. Menu is just the standards yet no complaints. Good happy hour and always enjoyable when dining there.
While the chimichanga tasted great, i had diarrhea for atleast a week. Place did not look clean. I lived in guatemala for a while, and i like street food, but this just looked dirty.  Their sanitation standards looked sketchy
Awesome flavor! They use some sauce that makes the taste pop. I got the three wishes sandwich, stacked high with toppings, it took a couple days to finish this beast of a sandwich. Really clean interior and great service at an unbelievable price for how much meat you get.
One of the worst companies I have ever dealt with.  Very unprofessional.  Extremely Rude and uncooperative, and did not preform the work they were supposed to.  Would never recommend them
So excited to be back and enjoy the new menu and beer selection. It was perfect on this rainy night!
One of the best steak houses in Las Vegas!  It is up there with SW.  Excellent service by all staff.  Especially loved the VIP cocktail!  YUMMY!  I'd go back just for that.  The steak was of course great, but the lemon cake was moist and delicious.  Will be back again!
I really liked this place. Good vibe, good music, a good first stop of the night. Overall, it was fun and unpretentious unlike many of the clubs. No cover, and got in for free drinks!
I dont really have nothing to say about the FOOD. Their food is amazing i just got a little bit disappointed about the service the last night i ate here. Dont get me wrong i always eat here with friends and family theres a lot of good server but my last one hmmm..
Everything we ate in this restaurant was excellent.  Even when there were long lines, they got people seated very quickly.
OVERPRICED $10 for a beer is ridiculous.  This place gets packed because its the closest bar to the elevators but its not worth it.
Pizza was good s lil doughy.  Supervisor made a \"human error\" (she said it not me) by giving my slice to some guys ahead of me.  Free slice (7.00) for a guy equals 10 min wait for my slice again. Tis the season of giving I guess.
FYI... This place is no longer at The RIO
It's always been a favorite, the people are relaxed and friendly, the food is good and a bonus is outdoor seating.  The coffee Pub feels like a home town place you can call your own. It's comfortable and kind, sometimes fast sometimes slow, but always a pleasure.
If you choose to go thru drive-thru expect to have vagrants walk up to your car and ask for spare change. Del Taco does nothing to stop this.
The area is cute & clean but I was expecting more than the usual m&m products. They actually had a 3D show...I kinda enjoy that but the products are too expensive.
came here expecting some good shopping. i was pretty disappointed to find that there were only a handful of good outlet stores to check out. its a nice mall. really crowded on the weekends. doubt i will be frequenting this place.
We've had some pretty terrible experiences ordering L&C's from work.\n\nPizza's decent but the employee's and their attitudes need some adjusting.
Prior to my visit I checked the prices online and when I arrived the menu price was different. I asked if they were going to honor that price and the hostess told me that they needed to update the menu online. I went to this restaurant because of the price and for them not to honor what they are advertising is unacceptable.
Good service. Not that high on the food.
Not bad
This was our first time at AquaKnox.  It was first class all the way.  Jesse was our waiter; he did a fantastic job, as did the sommelier (a woman whose name escapes me right now).  The entire staff was fantastic.
Such amazing home services! I have had the pleasure to visit each home chatting with the employees, residents and the owner Lida. Beautiful landscaping and everyone is treated like family! I wish there was 10 stars to rate them! :)
We went to the holiday Champagne buffet. $37 per person but well worth it with endless champagne :)\n\nUm other than that the casino was nice but small, the shops were nice.
Worst mexican I've ever had. \"Truffle\" dip looked regurgitated... no seasoning for meat in enchiladas or tacos... rice looks microwaved... TERRIBLE service!
Divine!  That really sums it up.  Have the hanger steak.  It is simple perfection and honestly enough for two.  Tender, with the juices perfectly sealed in.  I dream of my next visit to Vegas and another amazing meal here.
Called and ordered some sandwiches here because of a recommendation from a friend and they weren't bad. They have a lot of selections but went with the usual special combo and grilled pork.
The gym will be closed in June 2011.  Their reason --  \"Lease is up\"
Absolutely awesome first time here will not be our last.  Biscuits, Gravy and Omelette outstanding.
27 minutes to get a poured glass of wine.
I made an appointment to have my hair styled and for a makeup application. They did a wonderful job! Very fair prices and they didn't push me to buy any of their products, which I appreciated. I'd definitely go back!
Extremely disappointing. Slow and unprofessional service with a 1/8 filled Resturant. All of the hot dishes came out cold or lukewarm. Very limited liquor choices. Certainly not like their New York Resturants.
The stadium is fantastic. I took off a star for the terrible parking and single exit.
I went Saturday even, extremely hungry and excited to try the new pretzel burger..my bun was burnt:( was very upset. way over priced also
Good crepes, fast service. Its a small place, but friendly and good for a quick breakfast.
Ordered delivery food took two hours and was cold. Wing sauce was spilled all over bag.
Best fish and chips ever, agree with other reviews, service is great.
The Best place in town hands down. I  bring everyone I know when they come to visit and they always want I love sushi when they come back.
This place was cool about 5 years ago, but now it is lame. Sucky greasy bar food, ruff almost scary crowd, minimal service even to high dollar spending cabana customers. With all the party pool options in Vegas I would leave this one off you list.
i dont really know how to explain it, but when i was in vegas, i felt like i was living in somebody else's dream.
Had a great 80 min stone massage with Evelyn. She was great! I would definitely return but next tell them to take the ticking clock out of the room.
Very frustrating. Expect a long wait or to make an appointment for days later. Not very helpful when you need your phone working. Person making appointments was not very helpful or courteous.
Nice little tepan yaki restaurant in Vegas. Decided to try Musashi, after all the raves in yelp.\nBut i guess it wasn't all that hype that i read here. The tepan chef was nice and courteous, but i will probably not go back.
This place has horrible food. The kitchen is a wreck and needs new leadership. Three other patrons were returning food at the same time we were. Dont eat here
Nice people, good prices!  Make an appointment or call ahead unless you don't mind waiting if necessary. :)
Good taco shop with flavorful food; everyone enjoyed their lunch.
Not the same people as before
Great food, creepy cult atmosphere. Ministry tape is on ALL THE TIME...it's just weird. \nThe food is really good though order ahead and pick it up to go.
Best salsa in Phoenix...I never never found another that compares!
This place was excellent!  I went with a friend and we had the capresse salad, the bruschetta, and two pizzas. All were fantastic, the service was good and friendly. I would definitely recommend to friends and go back.
Slightly lower than average Hampton Inn.  Heat/AC wasn't updated, pretty typical besides that.
Awesome nail salon ;) 100% recommended ;) I've been getting my nails and eyebrows done for over 16 years.  This place would be the best one yet.  Please view picture of nails for 'proof is in the pudding'.
My drink was fantastic and more like a meal-very filling. $8 for a medium drink is a little rough but I probably don't need to eat dinner now so I guess that works out. My drink was prepared fast and the clerk was nice. I'll come back!
so so so so many issues from bad customer service, super expensive, and then surprise charges on your bill\n\nFILE A COMPLAINT AT THE BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU !!!
No stars for this place I had to select one. Make sure you bring your own sweetener and salt as they do not provide condiments of any kind. Tables are filthy, air  conditioning set around 50 degrees and their bread is hard, intentionally.
Great show!!! All seats are good seats.  If you stay at the Mirage you might be able to get a deal on your tickets.  We got ours for $95 vs. the regular $175!
This place was a great find inside the Hotel, large portions great choices.  There was a choice on the menu that was called something about a nascar fan breakfast.  It was a plate of bacon and 24oz Budweiser.  That was just great...
Very affordable, but you get what you pay for. The food is average at best...but the soup is usually pretty great! Staff ehhh if you're lucky you'll get a sweet waitress.
Soooo disappointed. Close too early, nothing my two- year old daughter can do . Our family spent almost 6 hundreds to purchase seasonal pass, all are waste. We are not going to buy the pass again next year.
Best grilled wings and blue cheese. Get them double grilled. Ribs and Mac and cheese excellent too. Going back before we leave Charlotte on Sunday. Here for the ACC game. Go Noles!
Had breakfast here the other day with the fam, great selection and to my delight, many items had a Greek twist to them.  On top of the food being tasty, you can easily share with a spouse, friend, relative or foe as the portions are huge!  I will definitely be back soon with friends.
Chicken and waffles.  Best hangover food you can imagine.  WIne list could use a little upgrading, but Im still a huge fan
Okay, how bizarre to review a Starbucks, but the State Street Starbucks employees are seriously amenable to complicated drink requests, as well as consistently efficient and pleasant, and I thoroughly appreciate this.
Wonderful food! Great variety of meat options, the steak is especially good! My favorite dish is the enchiladas verdes full meal with lack beans. All the food is nice and fresh. Really recommend it :)
Nothing about this place should surprise you, particularly a fast basic breakfast for about $4-5. If you have to go to the carolinas medical center but want a quick breakfast beforehand this is probably the best (or only) reason to go here.
Oh my word, thank YOU Scottsdale.\n\nHeaven in a slice of meat & potatah! Yes, I said \"potatah!\" \n\nYUMM. Freakin' yumm... Good 'ol meat and potatoes.
Crazy long lines, walked out as soon as I walked in.  Maybe I just caught them on a bad day...
Probably the worst seats I've ever sat in. My back is still killing me. Also had to wait an additional 30 minutes for the movie to start as, according to the employee that spoke to us, the projector had broken. Do yourself a favor and go to Harkins; they're better in every way.
Just... Ok :-\\ Had wings and fries and they were nothing to write home about. Not to mention they only had one waitress for 17 occupied tables in my section. I must give her credit though.. She was extremely polite and did her very best!!!!
The service is horrible. There are never enough people to massage you. You have to wait at least 15 minutes before the people phone a friend to help out. No one ever speaks English here either. So much potential here but they really have to learn how to be better at their services.
New and used games, informative and knowledgeable gamers behind the counter. My boyfriends favorite hangout. Nuff said.
Skip it.... No taste and pretty bland. Don't skip, unless your a starving college student on a budget. They do give generous portions
Fantastic place for anyone with an interest in sewing. You can always get a good buy no matter what you're buying. Materials are insanely cheap in comparison to chain retail stores. The staff is friendly, though they might look a little mean sometimes, but they're always willing to help.
Underwhelming. The wreck salad is a prepackaged salad totally below average. My friend got the wreck sandwich whick was ok. Go to the duck instead.\"
Earl of Sandwich is a good spot for a quick bite at all times of the day. The sandwich and the price were on point, but I don't think it lived up to the hype.
love this theatre. its clean, nearby my house, located inside red rock, perfect for a relaxing day off
Joy, a pharmacy technician, is not helpful and does not believe in customer service! There is no need to be mean, ma'am!!
Connecting places \nStanding, walking, riding...Go! \nSunsets, a must show
Dangerously good and shockingly cheap. It felt like I ordered every item on the menu and walked out paying $15!!! The items are baked fresh everyday and the l;eft over breads are sold discounted the next day (french toast anyone??)! Best thing of all it's 24hrs!
STAY AWAY! This business is only out for your $ and could care less about customer service or integrity.
This was an amazing find on the Royal Mile. Tired and hungry, this charming place provided good food with fresh fragrant flowers on each table. The rhubarb pie was yummy!
Great experience selling my Gold Wing on Consignment.  Didn't want to sell moved out of state and the comfort of Don and the crew was great.   Received a check for a fair amount and they took care of everything.  Thanks for the great experience.
This place is the best!!!! Went here with my boyfriend had the yellow curry with potatoes and chicken, the xtra hot curry! \nSo good! Also I hear they have great lunch specials
The best Indian food I've ever had. Staff was a little passive which is why I gave 4 out of 5. But, this place is definitely worth trying.
Great view is what I first say.  Great food is what I say next.  A nice romantic spot for those couples enjoying a little time together, but also the food is really good.  They have got a very creative chef at work there that brings a touch of elegance to such a earthy town.
Very disappointing experience... we get here at 5pm... party of 3... and you refuse to seat us because there are going to be 2 large parties later!?!?! There were 5 open tables, this is completely unacceptable!!!
Why does every les bar have to change and be taken over by Men? Bummer, major bummer. Maybe I'm going the wrong nights. I hope so, I liked kicking ass at darts, but it is no fun with the boys.... They take cards though which seems to be rare for a les bar these days.
Great food , good service with an awesome view of the lake . You feel like you have left Vegas for a mini getaway , the Escargot appetizer is great
Best pizza in charlotte that I have found so far.  Cheap pizza by the slice specials, and friendly staff
Was a bit skeptical of this place at first but it is really fantastic. Well flavored pizza cooked well not soggy or easily falling apart. Love their cocktail list and their garlic cheese bread. Good and quick service only thing would be is that it is slightly overpriced.
This is like 80's decor LVAC, probably the worst of the chain I have been to.  The equipment is a bit old but they have most of the same amenities as other locations.
Food was a bit greasy and the kid serving us was like 12 years old and bit forgetful.  I love the Asian noodle concept but they aren't able to pull it off that well since there food is just average.  I will try again just to be sure that this place is justified having 3 stars instead of 2.
There crepes are amazing!
Been going here for 15 years. Best customer service. The couple who own this place are great with customers. I've gotten a lot of pants altered here as well. Very good work.
It's McDonalds.  Always consistent.
A favorite restaurant of ours.  Has a very good wine list and also very good Italian food.  Yes, the prices are high, but where in Vegas can you get the $1.99 deal anymore?  The food is clean and straightforward, not frilly and overdone.  I'd recommend it to anyone who likes good Italian.
Underwhelming. Sandwiches generally dry and not the best ingredients. Good if youve been drinking and nothing else is open.
Nice, cozy cafe.  The Panini sandwch I had was pretty good, but nothing terribly special.  I should go back and get some pastries because they looked mighty tasty.
Nothing fast or urgent about this location. Had an appointment and 45 minutes later I'm still in the waiting room.
Everything was just spicy... no depth to any flavors and we tried a variety of dishes while there. Also, long wait and over priced.
prize  is so high
It's a nice park, but they don't allow any tailgating.  We show up with 15 people and an RV and were expecting to BBQ but none of that is allowed.  It would have been nice to know before we bought all the tickets.  Never going back again.
They'll steal your money, then threaten you. Stop keeping  scum in business.
Sitting here at the bar for lunch. Have seen 3 cockroaches crawling around behind the bar.  I can not finish my food,  I will definitely be calling the health department
This is the closest Subway to home, and is conveniently located in an easily accessible strip mall. The store is always very clean and organized, and the people working are friendly and helpful. My only issue with this location is that it is very slow sometimes and gets crowded if there is a rush. Otherwise, it's a solid location
I love this place, no matter what time of day! UFC viewings are the best if you're early! Atmosphere is always great! Mario the bartender is a favorite! I tell everyone to come here! Prices are the best!!!! You can never go wrong with Miller's :)
Apollo Cleaners is the best! I have lived in Tempe for over three years and have not found a cleaner that I trust more with my clothes.  The staff knows my name and greets me upon entry.  They provide a quick and dependable service! Doesn't get much better than them!
Excellent food! Excellent service! Will be back again! Maria
Phukin awesome, is the best way I can describe there work. Jamie and the guy know there stuff so well and perform every time. Ashley, the receptionist is awesome to talk to and even better to look at. The pricing isn't the cheapest but the work is well worth it!
Holy fuckin hell, USPS is a load of shit. Can't talk to any human and the one time I got lucky they didn't care to help one bit. Giving you all a warning just use fedex or ups for fucks sake and get your stuff without having sent back to amazon twice
It would be nice to try this place but I the 3 of us drove all the way there  and it was closed, but the business hours in yelp say they are open 3pm to 9pm.\nIt's just very irritating to get there and find out they are closed. Thanks a lot!!!
Took my wife here since she wanted to check out what all the hype was all about... I was surprised at how many options they had available. They even serve chilled drinks while your significant other shops. I personally didn't find anything but then again I wasn't really looking at the clothes at least hahaha.
Love this place! \n\nBloody marys are to die for! Blueberry scones, I die again! I love to frequent this place during lunch and always get their DW bowl of the day, it's always different and better than the time before. \n\nThe service is beyond great.
Great food, great service. Obviously fried chicken isn't the healthiest food on earth, but once a month I get that craving for good fried chicken. Their chicken is great, doesn't seem too fatty, and their sides are excellent too. A+
This is the first stop on diners drive ins and dives. The Stromboli is great ice cold beer and friendly staff. The only thing is they only have 1 draft beer coors, hey guys bud or miller would probably sell more\nStill one of my faves. Enjoy
I did take out here as I need a quick dinner and it met the mark.  I really like the fact that you can get brown rice and the prices are pretty reasonable.  I liked the mapo tofu but the guy who took the order over the phone insisted it wasn't fried and it was.  Other than that, it was pretty good.
The food had excellent flavor and was good. However, it tasted old and reheated and like it would have been so much better if fresh. Also, was overpriced for what it was.
Disappointing. Avocado was hard in the sushi roll\nNO HO
ehhh...the cheese fell off. But it was pizza. And I was hungover and needed grease.
Save your money..... Fake Mexican food here
I'll definitely recommend this place to everyone! Being a virgin on pedi/mani I had a very good experience with the service! Must get the MOD ped! Super worth it! The salon was very clean and modern atmosphere! Ull feel like ur in a strip salon ;)
I'll echo what others have said.  The service was poor.  This is a $6 million upfit and it's gorgeous.  The food is good, but not spectacular like the atmosphere.\n\nLots of potential here in the front and back of house.
Food portions were gigantic and flavorless. Service was absolutely despicable. The server was sitting there texting on her phone, charging me 3 dollars for hot water and a tea-bag, and I was just sitting there, staring out the bullet holes in the glass windows, wishing I could have gone to Wild Thaiger.
terrible, immature and rude service.  unfortunately.  very disappointing.  food average.
Dart boards and filled with other fun venues. Great beer selection. Good service. Worth stopping by before or after a game.
I like the store, but the Starbucks this morning was out of coffee because the water wasn't working.  You have got to be kidding me. You are in a grocery store...get some gallons of water...make some coffee. Unacceptable.
Looking for a tuxedo shirt? Maybe an apron that looks like a fat Elvis? No? How about some playing cards or key chains? This place has EVERY souvenir you can possibly think of and more!
I am gonna keep this short and sweet: AMAZING.  \nI am hooked and every single teacher is great and encouraging. Much love!
Food was amazing!  Atmosphere was amazing!  Staff was amazing!  Happy hour pricing was amazing!  Thanks so much guys, will be back next week! :-)
Sushi was great, service was quick. The... burgushi was not that great.  My friend didn't finish her burger, but said it was ok.
No sign - door is locked. Voicemail is still working but at 1:30 pm on a Saturday this place is definitely not open for business.
Great and quick service and HOT fresh food!  Definitely will come back here again. Great fries and very clean dining area.
Slow, slow, slow.  Place was a ghost town.  Service was poor, facilities seemed in need of maintenance and repair.  I wonder how long until the Lake Las Vegas hotels change brands again or just shut down altogether.  The golf course looked like they were just letting return to desert.
LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Gita is great at what she does. Clean environment, great energy, great prices!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The food here was ok, for the price it was alittle underacheiving. Except for the chef special. Grey sole with risotto to die for.  Service spectacular.
Nice restaurant. Great food.
This place is amazing and bar service is exceptional!! The manager and Ben were so fun! Gave us great recommendations on sushi and saki. We sat at bar with them for hours.
Have stayed here multiple times and always enjoy the rooms.  Every room has sunken living area, very nice bathrooms, and multiple televisions.  For the price, really enjoyed the hotel.
I have some experience with accidents and insurance claims.  It's important to have a good agent who make sure you're covered properly.   Marc Sollee is what I can an extra miler.   He takes the extra time to do it right and he's backed by a company, Farmers Insurance,  that in my experience takes good care of their customers.
Sushi Creek is consistently good. Misty recommended stuffed mushrooms deep fried in tempura. These are a celebration of goodness in your mouth.  We typically get nigiri from the awesome happy hour menu. Lunch has the bento boxes which are a pretty good deal.
OK, so I do not golf but I have been here for several different parties, weddings and mixers.... the food is always fantastic and the staff is great!  And of course, you cannot beat the view!
Food is cooked perfect, service is fast and courtious, very clean and classy, great dining experience
It's BS that this joint is mentioned as a viable eatery option when in downtown Phoenix when unless there is a game going on - it's NOT an option !!!
Didn't start off so well (they forgot my friend, and my order)...so they compt our meal, which we didn't expect cuz it was no big deal.  Atomosphere is great, burger is great,...will definitly go back, well runned restaurant and friendly.
Thankfully they're still closed. \n\nThat's it.\n\nThat's my update.\n\nDrink Folgers. Drink Sanka. Drink malted battery acid. Just know you're lucky you didn't drink the \"coffee\" here!
I could not resist and went back to this place again.  The food is so good.  I just wish the people were nicer.
Great service and amazing food.  I love their cheeses, steaks and wines.  Definitely a favorite.
I love the Mexican food here. The food is very spicy and well prepared. Our service was good. I like to sit inside in the dining room. You can sit in a booth and hear the conversation without having to shout at each other. We will come back soon.
Very good soup and fish dishes.
Great food, drinks and service. Always fresh seafood especially the oysters! Surprising for being in Vegas. Happy hour is nice too. Never disappointing
LOVE IT !! Inca salad and Asada Taco thats all I got to say !!!! Best Asada in town because they use rib eye meat so dam good !! And the Inca salad is one of the most amazing salads I have ever had!!! Service is also very good !
Plane ride and flight attendants were okay, what is about expected on a commercial flight, but due to having to check a bag last minute claiming \"there wouldn't be room for our overhead bags\". There was still plenty of room. Total BS from this airline.
Just stopped in for a subway sandwich.
Cheap gambling, strong drinks. \n\n... very strong.
The food and service were good. I would return.
Not a fan at all.  \n\nAlthough the place is bright and clean I found the airport staff to be extremely unfriendly.\n\nThe bathroom attendents are sort of weird too.
The Atmosphere is fantastic,  The drinks are great with a wide selection of options. I highly recommend this bar.
Great service...good food....
Where in the heck happened to the ventilation??? If you don't smoke, definitely don't come here. OMG. I thought I was in a weed house minus the weed. Way too much smoke!!
I'm a japanese.\nBut I don't like this restaurant .\nBecause SUSHI is terrible, and too expensive.\nBut waiter is veryvery friendly.
Big Two Toyota Scion of Chandler helped me purchase my new Toyota Sienna several years ago, but they also have continued to provide excellent service to my van. I do not take my van anywhere else for service or maintenance. Thank you.
The infamous noodle bowl wasn't impressive. Although, the crispy noodle dish was impeccable! The service was horrendous. The server forgot my boyfriend's order and we had to flag down two other servers until our server came. Water was never refilled! What a disappointment!
Average food at average price. Menu is small and simple and the food comes as ordered. High school cafeteria feel to it. Tables placed in high traffic spots that get you bumped all the time while eating. The place was super busy so they must be doing something right. Not my thing tho
We stopped in at South Point because it's next door to the time share we were staying at. I enjoyed myself. Won a little, spent a little, drank a little. We only paid $24 bucks from the strip to South Point.. I'd go back again..
Stinks off smoke, bad waitress service, average to poor food.  This is a dive bar without any off the virtues of a dive bar.
This is a good show, and certainly one to bring kids to. Took the family and we had a good time! Not a cirque show by any means but much better than I expected.
Great for lunch - the sushi is fresh and on point.  The service was good and it's a pretty good atmosphere.
Excellent menu and quality- just what I would hope for in a Mimis Cafe. Service was excellent. Wine list was fairly priced with good selections in all price points. Surprisingly, the only disappointment was the coq au vin- the lardons were so prominent the whole dish became heavy-handed, tasting like salty bacon.
My husband and I have been here twice both times it has been wonderful! This is one of my favorite steakhouses in the area!
Il n y a presque pas de v\u00eatements de sport...
This place sucks. The food tasted like  glue. On top of the fact that they didn't want to seat me in an empty restaurant that never came close to filling. Over price d!!!
Lamb tikki masala and garlic naan are delicious. I try to come at least once every couple weeks for lunch. Great food every time and the owner and his wife are hands on and very kind. Definitely recommend this place.
Saw this show several years ago. It is really fun, especially for a Beatles fan like me. Think of it as a live music video show where they do many different songs.\n\nNot the best of the Cirque shows but still would recommend.
I really don't know what the hype is been here 3xs and each time it's just reg buffet food nothing special. Maybe the glass cup decor but it's just a reg buffet with nothing that stands out
Start with a Thai tea and small jewel soup. I had the pad thai and it was great. I'd comeback here again.
Not the same as I remember since I moved. It not worth the money . I just wanted to know if it is the same as I remember. There no heart or passion in the food. For new Mexico food,  visit the state of New Mexico for the food.
Republic West Remodeling did a great job on my back yard living space - they did a great job, and their professionalism is unmatched! Highly recommended!
It's cool, I guess\n\nHow does one review an airport?
Not enough produce! Smells like fish inside too.
My favorite place in Charlotte! 'Nuff said.\n\nThe Burrek is yummy and goes well with a glass of Blanche De Brussels beer.
Excellent food. Poor service tonight as it's during Barrett Jackson auto show and place is slammed.
I was completely miss led when i was brought here by my brother.  IN N OUT is a million times better than this place.  and frankly im not a huge fan of in n out i mean its good but nothing to get excited about.  dont bother coming here go somewhere else. shoot go to the mcDs on 59th an bell
You know I'm not a fan of the basic burger joint.  They would typically get 1 star from me.  However D&B have some fresh food. The problem I have with the fresh food is how its bombarded with the less healthy stuff.  Course if you're looking for a burger joint, this is your place.
It was a long long wait for our app.  ANd, we ordered a pizza and hte app came out like 2 min before.\n\nFood was good would try again.
Great bar ... Everything you could want in a neighborhood pub ... People are great and friendly and life is good at the end if the day.
The most frustrating unintelligent staff you can imagine that go back on their leasing quotes! Don't bother!
I went to the one on 7th ave & mcdowell , and it was the worst Philly cheese steak I ever had.  This place is way overrated and overpriced!!!
They have a great selection of bottle beer. They have a lot of art work on the walls to look at, and will often times have live music or a DJ.
This place has cheap pizza by the slice & is open late night.  The pizza tastes okay.\n\nThat is all.
Don't be fooled, it says this location is at the airport, well it's not, huge inconvenience when your not prepared!!
Big airport with many electric walkways that makes it easy to go the long distances between gates.  The Atriums have white rocking chairs. Many trees as well line the main atrium.
Joe Filter is a easy way to order my home air filters online. I highly recommend checking out their webiste at www.Joefilter.com. It was simple and inexpensive to purchase my filters.
The Brie turkey spinach fig compote omelet was a nice change of pace. Cool spot. Good, varied menu.
Four of us met for lunch at this centrally located Uptown restaurant.  Hospitality by staff, food and service are all very good.  Furnishings and carpet are a little tired looking and could use an upgrade, but that does not detract from very reasonable luncheon prices with a good selection and quality.
Food ok. .. could use more flavors. .. service slow. . Ppl very friendly. .. was overcharged....
Simply the best grilled artichoke and banana cream pie on the planet. \nEverything else is top notch, if you have not had a chance to try this place,  please put it on your bucket-list of places to eat. Been taking clients and friends to this place for years.
Never had a problem with this DQ. Great blizzards. Food took a little while but that's common when you order the chicken strips. Service is always prompt and pleasant.
Better than Wynn, but not 30% better than Wynn, considering the 30% price increase.  Amazing seafood selection.  Pesto mashed taters and apricot mousse are to die for.
It's pretty average Chinese food. Their egg rolls and dumplings were decent enough as was the Hawaii Five O dish I had was ok too. The service is a little slow as well.
Nice casual off the Aria Casino/Lobby -- away from the frenzy.  Very friendly wait staff, delightful Cobb salad at lunch.
Overpriced, slow, and undercooked vegetables. The pasta was the only highlight. Good atmosphere.
Great spot for drinks and noshing...\n\nNow if the other people in front of me in line would just go away....
Tami at Wisemagic is incredible! She's done 2 of my 4 tattoos and I will never go anywhere else! She was patient when I had her stop a billion times while doing my side ribcage and was super nice. Customer for life!
This is the best Church in Las Vegas!  Praise and worship is awesome.  The present of the Lord is always here!
boo. messed up my order and had over-the-counter-static.
Sorry this one is a miss.  Love Postino's and Windsor, but Joyride is not too good.  Food was really disappointing. Tacos were so average and service so so.  Maybe my expectations were too high.  I think I'll stay with America's taco shop.
I wish I could honestly get my money back spend $56 on a 100 oz drink that I swear had no alchohol in it. Most expensive slushie I have ever bought!!
Love this place... love Joey. Super cool dude, always polite. Small spot for vinyl but I always find a great gem.  Prices are VERY reasonable. I enjoy the atmosphere. You want a great place for records, this is your spot.
Great Gyros & baklava authentic Indian market as well.  Hidden Gem here, great place for lunch, cheap prices to boot.
The truffle chips are to die for.  You must order them!\n\nThe gnocchi and flat iron steak are both fabulous as well.
Shitty service, shitty food, and shitty manager. Manager was unbelievably rude towards my party and I will not be returning here again.
Love love love!!! Having no expectations I fell in love immediately, loved our waiter Tommy - he should own the place, we felt at home, relaxed and ready to eat and drink - HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
This place has finally closed! Good riddance!
Great service & FRESH food. I see some complaints about prices but sometimes you get what you pay for & this place is worth it. \nBest Mai Tai I've ever had,and you only need one.
An entertaining, enjoyable show. Kept the crowd interested and A for effort from all the performers.  This is at the Windows Theater at Bally's -- a small room.... and we all thought it was better than average.  This show is about an hour -- and we clapped, sang along - and had a fun time.
Decent burger, good salads but really high prices for the quality...probably because of the location.  Nice outdoor seating area.
Far from the CA headquarters, this particular location tries but misses the mark of the usual standard.  Unattended bathrooms and a harried, albeit friendly staff don't quite give the same great in-n-out experience, but you can't blame them for trying.
Totally not what we expected! Turned out to be a blast went for a bridal party and couldn't stop laughing the whole time! Totally suggest this place for a good laugh!
We walked in at 650pm on a weekday night and discovered that they close at 7pm. Went immediately over to LUX. It looked nice but without evening hours, this place is giving away business. \n\nUntil they change their hours they will rarely get our business.
Horrible customer service!  Store very unclean, something I over looked for a few visits, but when customer service went south, that was it!  AND my poor dog never got a drink of water hen he was there!  Never again!
Not a favorite at all!  Nothing is homemade like in East Los Angeles.  Processed Mexican food is NOT real Mexican food.  Re-fried beans NEED lard, not canned beans.  Eggs were burned around the edges.  Canned hot sauces taste....canned.\nNot going back.
Just had another Sunday breakfast.  Now have live music....fantastic!\nHad the awesome cinnamon roll again (split between 3-4 people!)  and one of the egg omelets.  Super yummy and great coffee of course.\nThanks,\njon
I enjoy this Starbucks and believe me all of them are different. Love how they make chi tea lattes here but their service is just so so sometimes I prefer the drive through at this one.
outstanding seafood, but don't be afraid to try the chicken
It stinks of raw sewage and the bathrooms are awful!
Wings, fingers and drinks are great! \nThe other entrees, not so much. \nGreat place to watch the game or catch a few drinks with friends.
Our favorite in the area
I am not a big CPK fan but will definitely eat here again . Food was better than average and the service was great. Great spot to eat while your in the Mall.
I'm so depressed I can't even write this. The past three visits, no coffee ice cream. Bummer. 2 stars because I like the concept and love the ice cream.
nice and trendy restaurant with great food!\nwill definitely come back again!
Trendy, but coffee leaves something to be desired. Location is good though and the decor is novel. Okay place, but way overhyped, I don't get it.
This place has gone downhill since my last review. The service is even slower than before and the food quality is poor at best. Also, most of the card readers at the stalls don't work. Such a shame as this place was right down the street for me.
I will not stay here again!! They tried to over charge me,lied about the food coupon and locked me out the room after I paid more for my room! They salon is awfuuuuul!! Well at least they by the monorail
Great little coffee place in Scottsdale Quarter. Friendly staff, fresh brew and decent outdoor seating. Can't really ask for much more :)
great gluten free place. And I finally got to eat garlic bread again!
I went here for a ratio removal session and  I was very pleased with my experience. The shop is very  clean and the staff is very friendly and pleasant. After one session one of my tattoos is hardly visible the other still needs about 6 more sessions to go. I cant wait until I am able to go back and get rid of that horrible piece of work
If you order anything more than appetizers and expect a quality meal, you'll be somewhat let down..
Stay Away...\nNot worth the price.
Decided to try this place out. Walked in and every table was dirty. Service was just OK. Lots of choices on the menu.  Food was pretty good.
Altered my dress in a day! It came out perfect and was reasonably priced. Very happy customer.
Actually pretty good. If you can see past the atmosphere then you can see that the food taste good. I tried a carne esada plate and it was good. Keep in mind this is relative to other restaurants in the same class, it is above the other cheaper Mexican restaurants in the 7-10 dollar range.
Worst calamari ever. EVER. EEEEEEVER. missed hearing 2 orders of sliders (mediocre)- waited an extra 20 minutes for the 2nd order (over cooked). Sigh. No mas. Not recommended to anyone.  $100 for crap?  Vegas. Can I give negative stars?
Pretty good food at an acceptable price. They seem to have a good beer selection too. The server was very friendly and responsive. Good place.
Finger Lickin good eating....  Worthy of several repeat visits. Sweet potato fries are great sides...
It doesn't get any better than Bloom. What wonderful treats--superb selection, wholesome ingredients, and reasonable prices for the provided quality and delight. :)
Poor service and cramped feet space under the table made this experience less then I had expected.  I was also a bit upset that they included a gratuity on the check and I was not able to control how much i tipped the bad service we got.
They have  naturopath that works there-great advice-and free!Just everyone can hear your problem so be aware of that when consulting. They don't stalk all the products I want to see. The owner is close minded.Isn't very giving.
Not enough staff on Saturday to handle the crowd. The coffee containers were all empty, except one, and mislabeled. I got flavored coffee from the container, which wasn't labeled as such (which by the way, I hate). Other customers were leaving the restaurant very upset because their food was taking so long.
Been going for 6 years  and great pizza just like my  previous home on Long Island. Service and atmosphere stink.
This used to be 4 stars, but unfortunately the food quality has really dropped in the last couple of years.  The corned beef hash is still awesome and the selection of desserts is good, but most recent dishes I have tried are not what they used to be.
Service was outstanding.  Food was tasty.  Best lamb burger I've had in a while.  I will be back next time in Charlotte.  Exceptionally nice touches in service - they gave us free dips and divided up our salad. Service was very prompt and friendly.  Impressive menu.
Average steakhouse.  I heard the Cowboy steak was good which unfortunately I did not have.  I had the filet which was average at best.  The server was good but nothing else was too memorable.\n\nProbably the biggest turnoff was the restaurant was inside one stinky and smoky casino which is not for me.
Solid hot wings cooked the right way: not breaded and legitimately spicy. Great service even during lunch. It's also great that they don't skimp on the sauce leaving you with dry wings to deal with.\n\nThey manage to put out great wings - definitely worth giving a shot if you like good wings.
First of all the add outside about 5$ off is misleading. Moreover the service here is really bad. Inspite of not being able to give the shirts ontime she is really arrogant. The money saved by coming here isn't worth it. Would never return.
Although I havent tried the Teppan part of the restaurant, the service and sushi wasnt good. Sushi wasnt fresh and a waiter passed by us several times, about 10 minutes without helping or saying if someone helped us.
It only gets two stars because of the location... This is right down the street from where I live... However the fruit is always 1 day away from rotting, the set up is lousy, & they're understaffed.
Food was decent, but far from anything to write home about. The salsa bar isn't anything that any other Mexican restaurant doesn't have.  After getting 4 asada tacos, that everyone raved about, I'm disappointed and still hungry.
Not bad for burgers and fries, and of course a drink or two. Garlic fries were pretty ok. Service was great. Only came here because we had to use our dining credit and was short on time and not looking to eat too much. My left over burger was even good at 4 am! =)
What a joke of a security staff they have here. Everyone thinks they are something special, and their lack of professionalism and bad attitude is a complete letdown for an old establishment. I would NEVER return and suggest you do the same.
Food was good, I had the Thai Chicken pizza and it was good. There were a little too many peanuts in it and the mint was a little too strong. But, it was good and I will try again.
Weight area was Very small, and limited. Kinda uncomfortable. Had to get my pump before I hit the pool.
This store has such bad service. The service staff are rude rude rude.  Save your money, shop elsewhere.
This was a great indoor amusement park. I liked how there was a cool ride that went upside down indoors. U can be here during thunderstorms since you're indoors. I would go here again if I get a chance to go on a 4 hour drive to Las Vegas again.
The service was extremely poor and the staff and management was rude.  I wouldn't go back.  Also, the place was almost dead.
cool and hip and one of my favorites
late review, as we used them this past April.  Can't say enough about the excellent service, fantastic food, and overall experience!
There's a reason for the hype. If you're willing to wait.
-small and under staffed\n-not worth the wait in line... panini was average.\n-good price ...$5 for panini\n-not enough space inside so you will wait outside and be pushed at the door (when you finally get there) by the people leaving.
Favorite thai place! I'm obsessed with the crab rangoon and yellow curry!
We have been coming here for years. It has switched owners more times than I can count. But they have always kept us at the same great rate. Well looks like things have changed. The new owner has raised it out of my price range for our two dogs. Looks like we are going to have to look for a new groomer.
Definitely the worst Indian lunch buffet I've had in Pittsburgh. Selection is very limited and the taste is bland. And nearly $10. Only good thing is close location to UPMC and Pitt. If you have time, walk down to India Garden on Atwood.
Gross. Busy. Morning cashiers on their phones walking around ignoring customers using profanity. Where are the managers?
This restaurant is amazing! You must try it if you are a fan of healthy eating! There is an option for everyone! The Fox restaurants are my favorite and I love True Food but this might be a close second! The wait time was much easier because you order at a counter and you do not have to wait for a table!
went once when i first moved to phoenix. didnt excite me! thought i would give it another try with the hubby. NEVER WILL I GO BACK! PASS! PASS! PASS!
I hate that I have to come here for my packages now. This is the slowest post office aside from downtown.
Worst service. Longest wait . Good burger. Extremely expensive burger.\n\nWe waited 19 minutes to place our to go order.  Three employees said hi and them quickly left. When we finally placed the order burger was ready 30 seconds later. It must have been pre made.
Extremely poor seating layouts, be prepared to pay 50% extra on top of your $10.00 ticket for \"premium seats\" that are really the only seats that allow you to watch the movie without breaking your neck or sitting next to a wall.
Wonderful! Get the Ribeye you won't be disappointed!
Pink box has great donuts but this location is unreliable. We went in on Sunday at 9am and were told they had no donuts that day. I'm not a donut expert but I imagine Sunday is a good day to make sure your stocked. Wasted our time driving there. Stock up kids!
always clean and has good deals and nice selection of items
The quality of the hamburgers was poor-dried out to say the least.  The place was a dirty mess-the kitchen looked disgusting (floor and counters looked dirty) and so did the restaurunt!   I will NEVER go back.
One of the best hot chocolates I've ever had in my life. Try it and fall in love!
god i love this place, second time staying here, smoke free, everything is dark wood and large crystals for decor. it smells of coconut and burnt brown sugar. the rooms have a nice living room area and super large flat screen, bath and a half, and i love their lotion.
Great Ahi. I love just getting a drink and app, well maybe a dessert as well. Always Yummy.
Food is decent to good.  I have gone there three times for take out for my staff and the orders were completely screwed up three times and when I our someone else tried to correct the order they were incompetent or hostile.
Not terrible, but not a first choice for tacos on the strip either.  If you don't want to wander too far from the hotel, I can understand eating here.  But go a few blocks down for that of you can.
This place used to be great, there was a DJ and great waiters and waitresses, but it seems to have gone down hill. The people there are rude and seemed more annoyed than happy to serve you. Definitely not going there again. Too bad though cause it used to be great.
Horrible customer service,  they will try to rip you off any way they can. Not happy at all with them!!
Best in Phoenix!!!!! Yum Keep up the great work
I love this Sephora. The employees are always very helpful and nice. The customer service is amazing. I love that you can enter the store from outside so that you do not have to go through the entire mall.
Dressler's  was a place that was on my bucket list to go to. My wife took me early this month for my birthday and I was not disappointed . The restaurant had a really nice atmosphere the service,and food was great.
I love it here, I go to the best Hairdresser Laura. \nMy good Friend Michelle recommended her and I saw her in January, I loved how my hair turned out, she really knows her stuff!\n\nGo make your appointment, she is super Busy!!!!
I love this place! Angie was sooo nice! Her wings were out, but as soon as she got her new order, she hooked us up! I wanna try the chicken and waffles next time, but the chicken wings were to die for! I'm craving some right now, lol.
Good food. We went here for lunch and got fish tacos. The tacos were fine. They give you freshly baked bread which is good. It's in a god location and the servers were professional.
Best Pool in VEGAS!  Water falls, Fire Pits, Lounge chairs that are IN THE POOL.  A freaking shark tank aquarium that has a clear tunnel slide through it so u swim with the Sharks. It's EPIC!!!!!
Done with giving this place my money. Every single time it's something.  Whether it be no dressing rooms, exchanges,refunds,tax, no price checks and no leaving anything on hold. Just can not suport a store who hires people that can't smile or use basic english.
I don't even care about authenticity issues.  I'd eat a sushi filled with a taco if it was delicious.  the food here is just criminally bland.
Shut up. Go Here. And get the Mac Gnarly Burger or any burger...yum.\n\nBeachy vibe...awesome fries too man i'm hungry. Just do it.
A warm homey place, nice owner. Food was well prepared. Not a wide variety of pastas, in fact, the menu was verbally told to me by the owner/ chef. Overall, a good experience.
I had the thin and The deep dish. the winner was the deep dish
Although the pizza was decent it isn't anything to wrote home about.  I would have rated it with more stars but for the price you pay for a pie I think 2 stars is about right.  You can definitely find a similar pizza here in town for a cheaper price.
Won't be going back.  They have replaced all their vegetable dishes with many versions of bland seafood.  Started several things but had to leave them on my plate because they did not have any flavor.  Great service but bad food.
Great service!  Knowledgeable and fast.  Love having such great tasting hot and cold water on demand.
There's a mask and costume shop in here that I was fascinated by.  Thoroughly enjoyed the gondolas and the singers on some of them.  :)
Creeper central.  Seriously don't go there when its crowded unless you are OK with getting groped repeatedly.  You couldn't pay me to go back.
We were walking around town and decided to stop here for a drink. It was the loud music that attracted us here. It was actually a live DJ with a drummer playing decent music. The outside patio was kind of dead, so after our $3 well drink, we decided to move on (yes, $3!!! amazing!)
When I first moved here in 2010 after moving in me and the wife were hungry and felt like Mexican and looked up places and cafe Rio was closest so we went and tried the burritos I thought it was very tastey. All the way till now I still love it the pork is the best soooooo good.
Food is great and Yanni, the owner, is too.  I couldn't tell you what to order as I get just a plate of Gyro meat with a side salad. It's not on the menu and Yanni always remembers what I order.  \n\nOne of my lunch time favorites!!
Only here for the night... Checked in smells horrible like smoke.. They gave us an upgrade for a suite nice of them but the room reeks like mold or humid  I hate that smell... Never coming back
Bugs!!!! Once I saw it I was quiet to not scare the other customers. Later I asked to refill my drink and she gave me an attitude.  I could have made a scene but didn't. And they didn't give discount on the food. Never again will I come back.
This place is horrible!!! The staff is very rude and they don't have respect for there patients. The doctors are also not friendly!!! Office is VERYdirty!! Wouldn't recommend this place!
Good burgers, not great. Sweet potato tots are super sweet, like they have sugar added, so it makes for an odd paring with the burger - imo. Service was friendly and overall I wouldn't mind going back.
The miso soup was amazing. The chef was entertaining. Definitely a great place to take some friends but not a first date. Plenty of adult humor at this place and the food was pretty good as well. The midnight happy hour specials are great deals as well. Definitely planning on coming back again.
I guess each hotel has to have something of its own to separate them from others. And what makes Mandalay Bay one of the ultimate places for having a great time outdoors is their big artificial looking beach. Kick back relax enjoy the water and the live DJ music.
Definitely love Five Guys. However, I was dissapointed that this location apparently doesn't know that they have a secret menu and they wouldn't make me a patty melt...
I'm all for the cheesy experience, but I haven't been enjoying the food lately. I love the service, the experience, and a fun date night. I hope the menu receives a makeover soon. I will certainly give another chance though.
Good atmosphere, friendly service and awesome life music. There's karaoke as well. So, you can sing your heart out if you want to.
This place is great. Not fancy. Filled with locals. You can walk to it from the strip. Great prices. The Breakfast Burrito was a 9 on the scale. Chicken Fried Steak was a 9 also. Next time we will do dinner here. \nYou will not be sorry.
Came there today around 1 o'clock all the way from Middleton and it was closed. Hours on the web and on their store are 12-6 pm! Called them and all I got was an answering machine :( I hope this can be fixed
We wen to Chicago Joe's after reading these reviews and were throughly disappointed. I've had authentic Italian food and this was no where near it.
Meh.  This Embassy Suites is Ok.  It does not live up to the classic high end Embassy Suites that I'm used to.  My front didn't shut on its own and the suites have this weird area that looks like a reconstituted kitchen from an old apartment.
Good food, reasonable prices, quick service.
They have a train to ride, carousel, ice cream shop, huge playground, and outdoor cafe. What more can you ask for?
Meh... Tasty and fresh bread, but way too little meat for the amount of bread. Way overrated. 3.5 stars
Service was horrible. \nNeed to teach servers how to turn tables, prebus, etc.
This is a wonderful find. The local couple are so nice and the prices reasonable. I highly recommend this place.
Super cool fresh fish different kind of salmon \nWe had omakase for 2 and it was enought they even make us try some fish.
$13.00 for wash, vacuum, air freshener, interior & exterior windows and surfaces. Not a bad deal. \n\nThey are quick and professional. They weren't spectacularly thorough, but for the price they were just what I needed.
Unsafe environment.
It is great that there is a Greek place open 24 hours, but their food is really only mediocre.
Tons of stuff!  Great deals on baby clothes.
Holiday, so we had dinner nearby and stopped at our favorite dessert place. Consistently, nice workers, busy, and delicious shaved cream desserts. I had the real taro topping for my first time: delicious!
better location 5 min away
Me and my family have been eating here for 10+ years. It's simple... good pizza and great customer service!
Downhill is the key word - I don't know what happened to this particular location but I am shocked they stay open. The crab cakes are abysmal and just about everything else is at best mediocre. Spare yourself and go elsewhere.
DH & I had the tacos had 3 tacos...carne asada, fish, and chicken, fish was probably the best. The tacos were good, but the meat on its own had no flavor. We also had a burrito, which we didn't enjoy, we left most of it.
very busy place.  you have make sure you check your plate to see if it's clean.  I had got 4 dirty plates they still had some food left on them
Tasted like Tokyo To Me !Really Really good Ramen! Get the Spicy Soyu! So much flavor and a very nice burn
One of the best chai hot teas I have had as well as there NY style cheescake. All there baked goods are made daily from scratch
We went here for breakfast on Saturday.  We had the breakfast burrito  $13 and the french toast $12.  The small portion was good for breakfast, but the set up and service could use some improvements.\n\nI can't believe we spent $38 for breakfast and coffee
Better thank QDoba in a lot of ways, just not in locations.  As a fast food joint, it's one of the better ones.  The brown rice is a great addition.
the BBQ is terrible here. the chicken was so dry, i threw it out. the pulled pork met the same fate. it was just too rubbery and too dry. gross.
We get the hot and sour soup Taiwanese style no meat, crispy tofu (sauce on the side), and some greens. For dessert we get the sesame balls.  Great food.
Came here with my 2 year old daughter for our first date last night.  Halfway through the movie she got tired ad wanted to go home and when the front desk saw us leave, she asked if everything was ok.  We old her what happened and she gave us 2 free passes to come back again!  Awesome!  Clean place, great seating!
When in Charlotte, enjoy some sushi instead of the typical overpriced fast food normally found in airports.  It is pricey, but no worse than any other sushi bar.  I recommend the Tuna Poke.  Served in a Martini glass and SO delicious.  Perfect place to spend a layover.
The pizza downstairs was way better. Very greasy and not worth the price that I paid. (3/6/12)
one of my favorite restaurants in phoenix. best hummus i've ever had.
2.5 stars\n\nI thought the food was mediocre and would easily recommend Lemongrass at Aria over Wazuzu....food was very similar to your standard Pan Asian fare at half the price.
Good basic breakfast, nothing fancy but lots of variety for many appetites.
Big surprise -- looks like the merger with American will take away most of the benefits US Airways loyalists enjoyed.  Time to bail out and find another airline.  Better check to see how you will lose out!
I don't know how anyone who likes pizza can say that they hate the pizza here. It truly is made with some of the freshest and finest ingredients that can be used. My only issue is that it is great for it's style of pizza. I just prefer NY or Chicago style.
Expensive. They Don't have the red bull sugar gumming bear.\n\nOnly cool thing is location.  One of places I stay when I go vegas.
My husband ate a burger here on Saturday evening, November 16, 2013 and subsequently became sick with gastroenteritis a few hours later. We are wondering if anyone else has had this experience around this date and time. Please be careful what you eat and please if you work somewhere handling food, wash your hands regularly.
structured well, it's like taking the airport shuttles- except it's more expensive, and all it does it take you around a few locations... makes you feel like you got jipped. DON'T DO IT. unless you feel like really blowing your money for a short monorail ride.
Loved my experience the receptionist was very friendly. ..so was the lady that did our ultrasound would def recommend.
The new place is really nice and has a lot of room.  The wait staff are nice and helpful.  The food was crap though.  I had a burritto and the red sauce tasted like tomato soup.  The chips tasted a little on the burnt side.  I will go back and try again in the Spring.
This place makes such great food and the store is fun to shop in while you wait. They make their own English muffins, which are so freakin good, you'll wonder why no other bakery has ever made them.
It was good but not great.  Went there for an early lunch at 1130am.  The chicken was great.  Lots of big pieces.  However it tool almost 45 minutes to get served and I thought it was a bit expensive.  The 3 peice meal and a drink came to over $17 plus tip.
Only been to the first floor and food court. Has a variety of businesses in it, banks, coffee shop, restaurant etc. Kinda everybody's memory. \nThe entrance hall is very relaxing with ancient looking clock and couches.
Visited the store to purchase my new iPhone 6 plus! Very helpful and knowledgeable staff!
Great English pub in the middle of Phoenix.  The fish and chips meal is delicious.  Also, they serve great Black and Tans.  Sometimes the service can be a bit slow, but overall, I recommend George and Dragon.
Me and my Family love coming to this restaurant all the time.  We love the beef Pho soup especially.  We're planning on coming again this Friday for some Pho soup!  The place always packed.  Sometimes it takes a while waiting on food or your check but the food always good.
Always friendly great service.   Go there before work on a regular basis.  They are busy at shift changes drom the hospital have to time your visit.
dr. patel is the best dentist i have seen. i recently got lumineers on my top row of teeth and the whole entire process was painless and my teeth are perfect.
After hours of playing on the tables it was a nice place to stop and rest my feet with an ice cold stout and fresh raw oysters. And eating at a place called Triple 7 has to boost your luck especially in Sin City.
I wish the menu had a more cohesive theme but it is what it is. I had the chicken wrap. It was fresh and very tasty. My bf also had no qualms. It's a bit pricey but hey, it's vegas!
Bored
Great service . A lot of food with every meal we ordered ! Good guys place for sure ! I would definitely eat here again . The enchiladas suizas were awesome !
This place is horrible.  I will never ever ever come back.  Room is like a motel 6: cramp crowded and no AC.  No hot water.  Staff is unhelpful.  The only manager available is a gaming table manager.  Also the room is so smokey it was like smoking a pack a night. Our eyes were burning.
One of my favorite lunch spots near my office. The food is always fresh and delicious. I love the chicken and ground beef kabobs!
Coffee keeper of this place is really good. Has a great personality and is good with the drinks.  Coffee takes great and you get free drink with purchase of a pound of coffee. Prices are great too. The have a nice patio in the back.
Awesome candy store!!  They have a very large selection of good candy to pick from.  They don't have specialty chocolate, but about any other type of candy you can think of.  You can get a bag and fill it yourself and its priced by overal weight.  Good store, if we are back in this area we will stop again.
Portions were HUGE!!!! It's good for breakfast. But don't expect anything wow!\n\nWait was waiting waiting waiting waiting....took forever!
Lunch special Thalis offer a nice variety. Otherwise, the rice dishes, e.g number 37, is another great option for people who enjoy tasting a little bit of everything, and want to avoid the stress of deciding which curries and rice or naan to order a la carte. Fair prices, tasty food, and comfortable location.
I went back with my name twin yesterday for lunch. Flavor of the pho ga is pretty consistant. I wish I came starving so I would eat the whole thing but I can never finish the huge bowl.
This used to be my favorite place until a small worm was on my roll.  We took a video of it and management offered to pay for meals. Never will eat there again.
Superb food, cocktails, and wait staff. Worth returning just for dessert (Filmj\u00f6lk panna cotta, espresso soaked figs, chocolate merengue); pair it with a house-aged Wigle whiskey (neat).
ya know...this club would probably bad ass if ive never been to xs before...sorry...its way smaller...but the waterfall is pretty nice. the set up is pretty much the exact same tho.
The selection and prices of this macy's are very acceptable, and the selection is nice.
This is, by far, the cleanest most professional nail spa in the southeast valley.  I have been going there for about 9 mos.  I have tried many salons but they just don't match up.\nWay to go Cindy!!
Since my last update, I have gotten a response from the owner of this place.  However, since I haven't logged on in a while I responded a month late.  Im awaiting a call and im glad to see that management is putting an effort to work on this issue.
Not really sure what the hype is about this bakery. the concept is lovely but the cupcakes are dry and the icing is nothing to get excited about. I've sampled the vanilla and chocolate and once tried a raspberry bread. All dry dry dry.... won't go back
I love the food here! To dark & to many tvs for my taste but my kids always have something to look at!
I have eaten here twice and both times the rice and chicken were fantastic. The cooking performance was entertaining both times I was here. I cannot give it a five because of the charge incurred for splitting a plate.
View is great.\n\nDrinks are pricey.\n\nDJs are pretty good.\n\nHad no idea there was a restaurant.\n\nMaybe not a good sign if the waitresses are some of the hottest girls in the lounge.
AMAZING! Everything makes you feel like you aren't even in Pittsburgh! The decor, staff, food and music all raise the bar. Try the cheesecake, it is so goooood!
what the pho'!? bones all in your chicken soup, service is s-l-o-w...i had faster refills on drinks playing slots....avoid this place....there's a little pizza shop over by starbucks, cheap and fast.
Way good food and reasonable pricing. Staff is friendly and efficient. Definitely a keeper.
I come here often..
Food is just average, service is pretty good, and seating is usually hard to find. Went here to watch UFC fight and ended up sitting outside - during the summer, yikes. Had one of the HUGE beers and got pretty toasted for a decent price.
Tried this place for lunch with a co-worker.  Good fried chicken with nice flavor and crispness.  Would have rated 5 stars but the chicken portions were a little smallish.  I read the reviews about bad service but I can honestly say that our service experience was pretty good.  Definitely gong back!
Brand new location with the worst customer service.. And their fryers are broken and down already! Not to mention dude in the drive through laughs at me for being angry.. This business needs to be ran properly..
Dr Ted is an amazing doctor! I've been a patient of his for years & have followed him to the different practices. So glad he has his very own now! He's helped my neck & spine greatly. Would def recommend him to everyone
Simple but tasty, a chewy cookie and quality ice cream. Mix and match your favorite flavors for a downhome comfort experience.
Been coming here for a while now it's very clean and the wait time isn't as bad as other places. However staff here is a hit or miss you never know how the experience will be
Seriously good and authentic food with great variety and super quality. I put on 7-8 pounds very time I go there!
Melrose kitchen is quaint and quirky like the best little diners are! The service was great and the food was even better! This little gem hiding in the Melrose District is the place to be for a great cafe breakfast!
Really cute place, but the food is not good! The biscuits I had and the English muffin that my hubby had both were dry and hard. His poached eggs were very under done and the sausage was bland.
This is gonna be my last time here, everything I ordered is so nasty..
We had the green curry with shrimp and the pad Thai both great flavors and perfect spice. Great service very helpful for one of our members who is glutton free. Good atmosphere as well. If you like Thai food this the place for you.
average food and service in my opinion.  I eat mexican food regularly, in So Calif. and this is not exceptional.
Catfish was great!!  Love the spicy fries.  Bag of shrimp and bag of crab Cajun flavor was dynamite.   We will be back here for sure.
Looking for a bite, or to pick from the vast selection of very tasty smoothies, or a good coffee to start a day, this is your place. The staff is so relaxed and unobtrusive ... And food is descent as well.
If i could give 0 stars I could. The service was so atrocious, its not even worth spending the time to review. Ended up walking out.
Putting it nicely the guy that runs the shop is named Jos\u00e9 and just because he is wearing some stupid piece of gold and gun on his belt thinks he can be rude obnoxious and a thief.horrible in communicating with anyone worth anything and programmed to deal only with lowlifes like himself.
Food was ok, portions were small and it was a bit pricey.  Stephano's is way better.  They were going to get 3 stars but they serve Pepsi and that's just nasty so only gets 2 stars.
the guy working behind the bar was great, he took my order and they quickly made me the best capastrami i have ever had. great location, conveniently located with a fast, courteous, efficient staff. will be back, often.
Great oysters. Fish ceviche needed more flavor, but overall, everything was great. Friendly service.
My boyfriend loves this place so I thought I'd give it a shot. I've tried 2 different burritos and both were dry and tasteless. Needless to say, I'm not a fan of Bueno Burger...
Sad...girl at the check out was not in a good mood and super passive aggressive! And they were playing some of the most depressing music I've ever heard (and I love every kind of music)! I thought coffee made everyone haopy!!! ;p
You have to order the Combo Pan Roast.  It is heavenly!\n\nLook for deals from station casino and you can find gift certificates for half price.
Haven't ordered from here in a while...definitely went downhill. Pizza was soggy, fingers were gross and garlic knots hard. Oh and they forgot my fries that I paid for.  Never again :(
my husband and i had a blast at this show. we definelty recommend it to others. the hosts were hilarious ans the talent was not disappointing. its a small theatre so dont ever worry about having bad seats, and dont pay too much for tickets because there really isnt a bad seat in the house.
Totally unimpressed. They didn't even make the burger as I ordered it. I was the only person in line, and they rushed me to take my order. Then got it wrong. Way over-priced.
Shops are good here with everything from super high end to Mac, HM, and etc what you would expect at the normal store. I liked how it was a great break from being outside and there were random places to eat and etc. Beautiful layout in general and probably the best stores by the strip.
I've been relying on Dr. Chrisagis' excellent care and service for the past 15 years or more. About 10 years ago, I moved to Idaho but have come back every year for my annual appointment with Dr. See.  I couldn't be happier with both the doc and his fine staff.
Perfect for people watching, not crowded. Fondue tree is beautiful, but somewhat disappointing as we were expecting a traditional fondue service - the fondue is served as a trio of chocolate dipping sauces. Convenient location right next to the front desk.
Great wings! As a Buffalo native, I've found my new favorite wing place. Thank you ATL!!!
four cheese sliders with everything and a medium dr. pepper - and you're getting out of there for under $7. i will be back many a times to check out everything else they got. i like their style - laid back, short order food and the staff couldn't be nicer. thumbs up.
Friendly service and great food! Tucked away just down the street from my home, I lived in the neighborhood 2 years before I discovered this breakfast/lunch gem! I recommend this place to anyone who enjoys a good breakfast in a relaxed atmosphere. Reasonably priced with homey decor and a staff that knows how to treat people like people.
Decent job on my pedicure, but my nails looked like a child painted them. My biggest complaint is that the place was kind of dirty...could use some attention from a cleaning service. Overall I'd go there in a pinch but my quest to find a good nail place since moving to Bloomfield continues...
Great food. Service is excellent. Highly recommend it.
I love Mr. Tofu!!!! We had Bibimbap and combination tofu soup. They are so good. The soup was soooo good with rice. Great value!
Had breakfast here on Saturday after being recommended by our hotel. We were nicely surprised by the atmosphere and food. We had a breakfast bagel and the American breakfast. The food and service was great. The server was pleasant and very friendly. Would happily recommend this place. \nLocation is also great and plenty of staff.
Too oily , i felt like im eating pure fat , even the bread is covered with oil ! I suggest they make it healthier with more whole wheat option, grape leaves are very dry and tasteless. Oh and their fries are terrible
My weakness Carmel frap..\nI know like who writes a review of Starbucks everyone knows they are great just thought I would point out, they have excellent customer service. \n\nVery clean and friendly location for your coffee needs..
If you want to wait 30 min to be seated after parties your size or larger have been seated before you even though you're first in line and then wait at least an hour for simple food (burgers and brats), then this is your place. Only redeeming factor was the band, Retro Specs.
Room was clean, we rubbed the ass, and it's in a great location for visiting both the Strip and Downtown. I liked it, it has a very lived in vibe. Be warned, the food there is thoroughly rubbish -- not trashy enough to be good bad, but not nearly good enough to be good.
Was looking for a new place... Told the stylest what I want and she said okay no problem and spun me to the tv screen. She quickly hacked away at my hair giving me a 7.99 haircut treatment. I was spun back around , now facing the mirror with almost no hair left. I will never visit again.
The food and service are both very good, I do however wish they where open later on weekdays with me being a 3rd shifter the options can be somewhat limited.  I do appreciate that they have no problem calling when the driver arrives.
Never disappoints, service is wonderful, food comes fast, and the prime rib is full of flavor and cooked the way yo ask. For the food to price ratio they are spot on!  \n\nOne of my favorites.
Great service and attention to detail in all the services I have had. The one disappointing thing is the turnover seems high at this location. Every time you get comfortable with the same person, they aren't there. Somewhat disappointing.
Overpriced! 30$ part cost me $300. Owner claims that because it's a holiday that's the price plus the markup cost for the part. She says the price is the price. The techs are nice but NO!
I have no idea why this place is so famous. I eat sushi almost every week, but this place has the worst quality of sushi. I had to pick off every piece of sushi. Also, crispy sushi was too greasy. Please eat good quality of sushi for your health.
Seriously? What can you say about In n Out? This location is consistently good and always has fast, friendly service. The restaurant is clean and the drive thru is easy to get in n out of..
I wish I could have given 0 stars, got through told them I was army, a vet, told me to get out, obviously not vet friendly... Literally
I highly recommend the Greek Pita, the Gyros are freshly sliced off of a split as you order. This isn't your crappy coney island microwaved Gyro!! I didn't expect great Greek food in the middle of a desert but don't take my word for it!
In town for the weekend and trying to adjust my schedule from EST. Decided to get the Vietnamese Coffee to wake me up. It woke me up but very disappointed with the portion. I finished my coffee and 3/4 of the cup full with ice.
Worst breakfast ever :( . I am so disappointed. Had their special with eggs, meat, potatoes and a pancake. The pancake is too large and tastes terrible. Fried eggs are tasteless. Bacon undercooked. Potatoes terrible. Coffee bad.
Just your average sports bar. My girlfriend enjoyed the thin crust pizza so that was good enough for me. Pretty large venue with plenty of seating. Friendly service. Very college-like.
Viva Mercados customer service from my entrance to my exit was exceptional! The restaurant anterior was also very traditional to go along with the theme of the restaurant. I definitely enjoyed the atmosphere and overall my visit. Food was good and I will be visiting again.
Saw these guys on tv and had to try them out.  Bakery is fabulous with decor being super cool.  Loved the cupcakes and love supporting a local business that's not a franchise.  We will be back!!!
Blindsided by a 33% subscription increase without any notice is unprofessional to say the least! Illegal? Sorry there's no zero star. Possible cancellation of 20 year subscription.
The fountains at the Bellagio are remarkable. They are a must see for anyone who is visiting Las Vegas. The water to the music to the colors are amazing! Anywhere you stand you have a great view and the kids love it.
Amazing pizza and pasta!  Probably the best pizza outside of NY.  Can't wait I go back!!!
This place has nice eye doctors but they take forever to get u ur eye priscription. Ive been here 2hrs and I still dont have it ugh! They toss u frm eye Dr to eye Dr ugh!
Rude rude rude. Inconsistent preparation of grilled wings. But the rudeness was my last straw.
Babbo had a great atmoshere and the food was good. The waiter wasn't as attentive as i would like.
Special thanks to waitress Ashley for taking outstanding care of my family of 16 tonite!  What fantastic service....outstanding! Add to that wonderful salads and delicious pizza, and this place is a winner!
2/5 thai?\n\nsee my review for sing high...again my fault for trying to have asian cuisine in phoenix.\n\nit was your standard greasy thai fried rice. msg flavor. nuff said.
Love, love, love this place! Marg. pizza is delicious and I dream of their cheese burger, it is a MUST. We used to live right down the way from Liberty Market but have recently moved to Tucson. We go every time we're in town.
Been here a couple times and the food is great but the service has been eh..lets just say it could get better. But it wont stop me from coming here! lol
This place is amazing! Great food, low prices and a short wait that doesn't jeopardize the quality of the product. A must if you're near by.
Their food is consistently good, but beware if you place a to go order.  I called in a simple order of Rogan Josht and garlic naan at 6:20 pm.  The order was supposed to be ready between 6:35-6:40 pm.  The food was ready 40 minutes later at 7:00 pm.
Treat yourself to a deluxe pedicure. So worth it.
This place has went downhill.  The service is still pretty good with a friendly staff, but the food is same ole stuff.  I went for lunch multiple times over last year and they do the same food everyday.  My most recent visit revealed that they are putting less out there to choose from as some stations were closed. Not worth the price anymore.
was waiting here for a good hour.. could tell that the nurses could hear me wheezing and having trouble breathing they didn't seem to mind let alone acknowledge me. When I finally saw the doctor the service was much better.
Just had this tonight and everything was delicious. We ordered orange chicken, General Tso chicken, chow mein, fried rice, pot stickers, wontons, and fried sugar donuts. Everything was perfect. Ordering online was easy and they have great online coupons to add free items. Really good prices too. Highly recommend.
Great place for an after church brunch. Ivan our server was just amazing!! He was helpful as we ordered from the menu and gave us great service. The food was delicious.
Except for the deal on wine ($5 for a decent glass)  I can't recommend this place.  The food is blah.  I mean its not bad but the atmosphere sets you up for expecting alot more.
I think their food is nothing special.  In fact, I'd prefer iHop.
Read the reviews here\nhttp://latouchemontreal.wordpress.com/2009/10/26/sourcils-parfaits-5-minutes-3-dollars/
I love fat tuesday! Get the monster yard ... you just can't go wrong!
Tried these bagels as part of a bagel club at work and they were awful. My bagel was not cooked all the way and felt like it weighed 3lbs. Not edible, threw it in the trash.
Not bad, but not wow.  Definitely not worth the money.  Service is lacking.  Not the \"Vegas\" experinece and not up to Venetian standards.
Horrible wait. Horrible service. First and last time will ever patronize.
Uninspired and blend pizza!
I liked Dr. Miller a lot. She took the time to get know me and answer all my questions. Since she knew I was a med student, she not only gave me tons of free samples and waived my copay. I highly recommend her if you're looking for a great obgyn. Her office staff is also really friendly.
Good thrift store.
I buy the fresh today whole bean coffee every few weeks for home. only thing I would change is the opening hours. The place just doesn't open up early enough for me to get breakfast and get to work on time.
The best Persian food and the friendliest people with the most reasonable prices\nI recommend this restaurant to all Iranian and everyone else who wants to have an excellent meal!!!
Views are amazing and the entire restaurant rotates slowly so you get a 360 view of the city.  \n\nFood was good, not great. Bit overpriced and the service was so so.
The \"Ideal\" dive bar... although the front room, with its grizzled clientele, was a bit sketchy, we found the back porch to be the perfect size for our large-ish group to lay claim to.
Nothing special to see here, it's an airport.  I've got no complaints.
Don't disrespect your taste buds by eating at a chain subpar pizza place again.\n\nThey deliver, great quality, reasonable prices.  Unexpectedly Delicious, serioulsy.
Great food, the service friendliness could be improved a little, but over all i really like it and would definitely eat there again!
This place just opened up, it's located in the AJ's anchored shopping center at Scottsdale Road & Lone Mountain.  Tom and his wife opened an upscale nail salon and they are great at customer service.  It was a great relaxing experience...  I'll be back.
Nurse Nikki is the best!  We always feel comfortable and well cared for at Healing Hearts.  The staff is kind and caring.  Nurse NIkki always gives thorough exams and takes the time to chat with the kids.
Everything about this place was amazing.  The portions are huge.  We went on a packed Tuesday morning, and we were seated promptly and got our food in probably less than 10 minutes.    The portions were so big, I didn't know where to start.  It was amazing, and definitely the #1 restaurant I recommend to people traveling to Vegas.
First and last time...
Absolutely delicious with the friendliest service ever.  What a treat for Goodyear!
I love this airport. I only fly using jet blue so it is very easy to get in and out of. There is always taxis and car service ready to pick you up if you havent made prior arrangements.
Garden is awesome. Convention rooms are accessible, comfortable and near plenty of restrooms. Food and beverages supplied were more than acceptable.
Such a unique place.....a nice change from all of the Frozen Yogurt and Ice Cream places in the area.  The owners are sooooooo nice too.  I love supporting them.  It is nice to know that they are making things with local and fresh ingredients.   Try it, you will like it.
I've been here twice now and I'm just not that impressed with the flavor of the food here. And it seems a bit pricey for what you get. \nWill give the place another try as there are not that many Vietnamese restaurants in this part of the town.
The Lamb Chops &Burgers are excellent. great for happy hour
Never thought I would order a burger here but a friend told me that I would like it. He was right. Awesome burger. The chops are great too.
great sushi available until 10pm nightly.\n\ntheir sushi happy hour is great with $3 wells and $5-6 delicious rolls. their crunch roll is exceptional.\n\ni have not tried the 24 hour restaurant but i've heard good things!
Food is always good.\nService during the day is grand- night time less than excellent for sure... Bummer.
One of the more pleasant happy hour experiences in both food and drinks thus far. Pleased with the service, great atmosphere, and the Sweet and Sour Soup is amazing, any time of year!
Slow slow slow!!! I have never had to wait as long as I do here. After giving them several chances I have just given up and refuse to go to this location.
Great food at a great price!  Don't expect anything fancy on the inside, but the eating area is clean and simple.  Of course the chicken is amazing, but so are the sides.  One of the best items on the menu is their cilantro soup.  This place is worth checking out!
Found this place through my babysitter! Mercy did miracle with my poorly shaped and uneven eyebrows. Super love the place. Never tried to look for any other place anymore. Two thumbs up!
Terrible terrible terrible....wings were dry and disgusting....nachos were pretty much microwaved...disgusting all the way around.
Really good hidden find in downtown Phoenix. Great Cocktails and  Food. The music and Atmosphere is something you would see in San Francisco. Such a great surprise.
Very good pizza!  This is usually our \"go to\" for pizza when the kids aren't around (they prefer Pizza hut) .  Pretty authentic NY Style pizza although a little bit on the pricey side.
Great food. Nice Lighting. Attractive bartenders. Amazingly concocted martinis. Love this place.
This place is the biggest ripoff.  Every time we go in there go in there, there's a different dentist and are always trying to sell you work. This place deserves no stars. They should fire the current Dentist  that is there.
They always have amazing customer service, when I am there.
One of he smallest buffets I have ever visited. Pretty low quality but what can you really expect for around $10 a person. I would advise spending a little more to go to a better buffet.
Went there on Tuesday for lunch, started with a shrimp cocktail appetizer, were given 3 shrimp for 12 dollars, almost made us send it back.  The food wile good was almost 40 minutes getting there and the portions were relay small.  I would suggest that people skip this experience.
Great Indian food! There is always great food on the buffet. Great for take out or dine in. Kid friendly.
Good food, flamenco guitar and dancing, so fun! You have to get there early as its a small place, but its worth it!
It's a lounge. They serve alcohol. They play music. Simple.\n\nNothing to compliment it on. And nothing to complain about. Average.\n\nGreat for older people, I guess.
Terrible service, terrible margaritas.  Do yourself a favor and find something better.
I live in Clearwater Florida. Found Tatum on Yelp recommendations for Tatum. My daughters birthday a day late Lusia found the right arrangement with a Teddy bear. my daughters a teacher at elementary school. The whole staff and daughter went sissy. Great Price! FTD no way!
This is one of my least favorite malls. Only a handful of stores I enjoy and it's always crawling with teenagers. It's in a great location, but you can get to three other great malls in 10-15 minutes.
I drove by today and to check it out,and I am glad I did. This place is family friendly and the sandwiches speak for themselves, they are a step above Jimmy J.'s. I had the Italian and it was Delish!!!
Miserable staff that works there. No thank yous for shopping at the store. Will never be back.
This place is amazing!  The bacon mashed potato omelet is a must.  The wait staff is friendly and attentive.
This place is fast and good food.
My husband and I went to Monk's for lunch one day. We have returned a few times since. It is a nice place to have a quick lunch. We usually get good service.
The best Italian in Charlotte.  Period.  I have been going there on Sunday night for 20 years.  The food, the people and the ambience cannot be replaced by any other restaurant I have ever frequented.
Honestly, the yogurt flavors were not that great. The employees were not friendly when I let them know a machine was out of yogurt. The fruit was old and brown. The kiwi wasn't rip, and the mochi was stale. I am not happy and will never go back!
This place use to be good.  I had a chicken philly and they used cubed pieces chicken instead of the thinly cut meat that they use to use.  This thing was horrible.  They certainly cant call it a philly anymore.   Yukkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
We received some mini bundt cakes from Nothing Bundt Cakes as a gift. The small size made them very cute, and the cake was moist, rich, and indulgent.
They have It's It!!!!!!! Best ice cream sandwich ever!
I go to StripSteak every time I go to Vegas.  The food and service has always been exceptional, everything is prepared to perfection there. It's one of my favorite restaurants and I will definitely be back!
Disgusting and overpriced cheap food.
We were pleasantly surprised to find a traditional dim sum house in Las Vegas, let alone in the Rio.  The food is exactly what I remembered when growing up and the atmosphere and service were spot-on.  We dined there twice during our recent trip and plan to do so again when we're next in town.
They have fountain sodas, no paying by the can! No delivery, pick up tho. Nice and clean. Crushed ice. Fresh herbs, super super fresh. Sauce for fish cakes is amazing. Small shrimp. Very reasonable prices.
Love the place! Great food and atmosphere. All the employee looked like they were having a great time.\nWonderful staff! I forgot and left my wallet there and they found it and\ntook care of it till I could return to get it. THANKS SO MUCH!
Service is terrible. They give priority to their own \"people\". Food is ok. I usually just come here for the Duck to-go now.
Excellent service by Eddalena and the crew.  Soup, salad and breadstick is my meal of choice here.
This was a great venue for my first concert at the Joint. We saw Prince on Friday night and would see him from the floor and from the suite. What a show!
Finally found my Thai place! Great food, decent prices and a rewards card for regulars?! Sweet. Found this place last week, ate there 3 times already, love it!
Initially I thought that the sushi was huge, well it is huge, a huge ball of rice with a very thin piece of fish. Wasn't very tasty and I simply felt ripped off because they artfully display the fish as if it was worth the $11.49. Go try something else in the airport.
Awesome vegan spot. Coming from an Austinite, that's high praise. The Kung Pao tofu bowl was amazing. Expand to Austin, even if it is just a trailer ;)
The food and service is average but I have to give this restaurant 2 stars to compensate for all of the high ratings its gotten. I think this restaurant is so popular because of the great view.
Food is always consistently delicious...don't let the location fool you. Food is great and pricing is very reasonable..the nachos are a great choice meat is always cooked perfect and the portion is more than enough for two people!
went here with a friend to look around and see what is it all about maybe another time when it is not so hot  right now i think this park is not so hot as the weather is
It is pretty neat to make your pizza or salad to order. Most of the toppings are good but, the meat selections are not so great and the place is a little pricey.  The pizza is good but the salad was just okay I kinda miss Neapolitan.
Amazing dining experience!
Great atmosphere and food, but a little pretentious, over priced (even for Vegas), and waiters have been trained to up-sell you.
We placed an order for delivery last night online and not even 20 min later our doorbell was ringing. The pizza was piping hot, exactly how we ordered and very tasty!\n\nKudos!!
well be back there deep dish is nice along with there chicken wings more of a breaded texture vs what you see. a little pricey but ok. didn't realize they deliver to my location
Dear Arnold, I wish you were my employee..... so I could fire you. You are the most rude and lazy person I've came across in Las Vegas. This location sucks.
The airport is going thru some major remodeling and additions to the parking spaces and there is a major construction area going on. This is causing some major delays when getting the bus to the parking lots and it looks that not many buses are available when many people need them. Hopefully the situation is going to improve in the near future.
I have visited twice this month.  Poor food both times:  first visit a hair in food (dish was sent back to kitchen), today cold over easy eggs (yuck) and a quiche that never arrived.  I will not be returning.
If you sign up for the txt message alerts from tropical smoothie and take them here, this place always has some sort of condition on every single one and very poor customer service.
Excellent show, lots of fun. Bought tickets the day of at one of the discounted ticket places on the strip. Was as much sight as sound, and more humor than expected. Very creative show.
Great happy hour spot. 1/2 price drinks and appetizers. \nFriendly staff nice decor. Small enough to talk and enjoy. \nHighly recommend.
The staff was OK on our visit but really not all that helpful. When I picked up the glazed plate my son painted there were small holes in the glaze showing raw ceramic.\n\nWould we go again? Possibly but we won't be rushing back.
Walk in to one employee outside smoking and another coughing up a lung at the register.  Condiment bar was dirty and ketchup dispenser was broken and coated w crap.  Call the health dept!
After living in Charlotte for 7 years.  Our first time at Time Warner.  We got to see Cher in concert.  Nice staff they are all so helpful.  We had a wonderful time.
The best muffins, especially the blueberry, that I've ever had! If you're not a fan of a really dense muffin and want something that practically melts in your mouth, then you have to try these. Their other stuff is great too.
I live right next to this place and decided to try it out. The pizza was good, very big portions. The service was also good. I will be coming back to eat here more often.
Delicious and healthy food. Very nice staff. Menu changes daily based on what's fresh and in season. Can't recommend this place enough.
This place is breath taking you have to go here if you go to Vegas.\nThere is everything, shopping scenery, but don't forget your camera!!
Amazing  venue to see  great  live music , Staff and  bar service are friendly , fast and  know how to handle big  crowds. sound  and acoustic are exceptional for a small  venue. Amazing stage  so everyone can see the band  Cover fees  and ticket prices are the best in Vegas.  Best place to see your live show!
The restaurant is clean and the staff is nice but I gave them a 3 star because it is very expensive with very little food served on the plate. We had to flag the staff down to get water and rice. The best thing to try at this place is the Mongolian Beef, it is delish!
I didn't have much of a view from my room on the club level.  However, the facility was clean and quiet.
Just learned this store is going out of business. No wonder.  :-)
My folks stayed here and had to try 4 different rooms before they got one that was just acceptable enough to stay the night in. Poorly ran terrible hotel
It's okay. it was very salty.
We love this place...great service...great staff and wonderful food.  We discovered this place about 4 months ago and eat here regularely,,,,,,love the soups they have and the souvflaki:)
I love this place! The servers are nice and suggestive and the food is great! They have a nice menu with lots of choices! I wish they had a location in San Diego because my wife and I would frequent there!
This place is great. Highly recommend. Delicious food, great service and comfortable atmosphere.
Second time I have been there.  Takes forever to order.  Then it takes even longer to get your food!  45 minutes for a waffle!  They say grab and go.   Not so much\nProbably won't go back
Great service and selection!
Came with a Groupon. Glad we did! The flight was good and the food. Would have given 5 stars but I felt like the atmosphere was missing something. Maybe some music?
Big portions but just ok food. Not worth the wait!!!
worst place do not waste your time here!\nLas Vegas has many options dont pick this now!
Food is relatively bad but in a pinch.\n\nThe only plus is the outside seating.  Good people watching.
Great place to try many beers, love the food here too!
Great food and prices, just dont get the green sauce or home potatoes.
Awesome.  One word says it all
Quaint little find! Always fresh, quality food! \n\nI just wish I could get here more often!\n\nNOTE: Does not accept credit cards!
Excellent show. Too bad it is ending soon. Musicals aren't really my thing but a lot of the tunes are catchy. Costumes are really cool and the movements are very animal like.\n\n\nMy girlfriend loved it and would give it 5 stars.
I'm not sure how anyone after eating here goes back.  The refried beans here are the worst I've ever eaten, they taste rancid and diseased.  If you really want del taco drive the extra couple miles to 83rd and bell, you'll thank me.
Fantastic first experience =) Great service, attention to detail (cold salad plates, hot dinner dishes), fresh pasta and absolutely delicious food.  We will be back!
Overpriced drinks served by lousy inept bartenders.
I have used Commonwealth Animal for my two chihuahuas. Both were treated great by the staff. The day that I had to put Che down everyone there were really understanding and compassionate.  Dr. Watkins is a great vet.  Evita does not mind going there. I will continue to take all my animals there.
It's an antique mall and it's huge.  Waaay back in the day this used to be *the* place to find Beanie Babies.  They have lots of glass displays and definitely a fair share of furniture.  They are a pretty decent place to spend a couple of hours on a weekend.
People in this apartment have no common courtesy . Loud noises past 11pm , domestic disputes constantly . It is just not a safe and quiet place to live .
Awesome... Food, service, prosciutto salad, and the steaks are on par with any of the high end steakhouses in town. We've eaten here several times and it is consistently excellent.
Lola's did not disappoint! Staff were polite, atmosphere/music is spot on and the most important thing the food was yummy! I'm going to try and change up my recipe and maybe have a few friends over.
I would give this place no star if it was possible.. the service is horrible, not friendly at all and they take forever to serve your food. Not only that after I made a payment with my credit card, they went ahead and they change the price to give himself a bigger tip after they didn't do shit.
Good coffee, better than Espresso and Starbucks.  Seemed like nice atmosphere with possibility of tasty food, but was just there for a caffeine fix.  Will definitely go back again to try out some more stuff.
A little over priced, but loved that we were able to get up close and personal with the animals..better than most Zoo's
This is a great little downtown getaway, and I recommend it. If you are a crowd person, you'll love the weekend evenings here. If you are a chill person, go early. Either way, expect good brew every time, and really good food. Service was quick and friendly.
Excellent food but my friend and I asked for bread multiple times without receiving any. Needless to say we received very neglectful service
Small bowling alley (30 lanes). It was a lot of fun they had good pizza.  We were there for a company party which they were able to accommodate pretty well.
Cheap, strong drinks and a tree in the center.\n\nPaul's gets sort of crazy on the weekend, but it's a good escape from the UW-scene (no offense) with the convenience of still being on State Street. The bouncers are usually pretty cool too.
Lives up to the Hype.  Galbi (Grilled Beef) was more Korean than Japanese, but was some of the best I've had.
The food was great!  Service?  I couldn't ask for better service.
Mario, you've done it again.  Not the best, but this is a good one.
Love this salon! So clean! My hair always turns out amazing and the atmosphere is great. I would recommend to everyone!
Pizza is ok, not at all great. The garlic knots are ok, but the sauce is sweet and too greasy. The atmosphere is stuffy cluttered. They have Christmas decor in June. Just very odd in my opinion.
Since a lot of the Buffet's are closed at ten this is the ideal spot to grab a bite after hours!
The food was good for american type mexican food. I got the enchiladas with rice and beans and the margarita was huge, but not much alcohol. The flan was the best flan I ever had! so creamy and sweet!  The service was quick and very friendly.
Big wine list. Impressive setting and location, and the servers were both polite and professional. I would say the food is about a 7, however.  As others have said, save the $15 and tour the mansion yourself.
Slow.......so slow.....and I'm so fed up with not being able to use my rewards. You are either a Starbucks or you are not!
The girls who came out were great! Very nice, and they never stopped working hard on my home! They even did more than what I asked them to do.. Made our move-in less stressful. I will definitely use them again when the time comes that I need a deep cleaning.
This is no longer Guardian who was bought out by Safelight and this location has been closed.
Amazing foie gras and mussels!
The food is fantastic as far as shawarmas go, but wait times can sometimes be a bit longer. Great value for the price, as you get a huge serving when you order the plate.
Bad experience.  Food was cold.  Filet was tough and not seasoned.   Used to be a good place to eat, but way overpriced for the quality of food.   Next time will go to Ruth Chris or Black Angus.  Anything would be better.  Again, it wasn't about the price, it was about the severe lack of quality.
The worse customer service ever. Ordered a cake two weeks in advance, they made it one week early, never called to see why it wasn't picked up, could have fixed problem at that point. Now my pooch is without a birthday cake :( will never go back.
This show was really entertaining. The cast was really cool and it was fun to interact with them. The show length was perfect and the cast singing was really good as well. The story line was really funny, a typical 80's story. It was really enjoyable and i would recommend to see this show
If you want a great happy hour and great ambiance, come here. If you are in the mood for real sushi, not the cream cheese version served at ra, go to geisha in old town. Geisha has a better happy hour, $1 Sake, and authentic sushi.
Great thin pizza with fresh mozz and plenty of toppings. The kalamata olives were a bit too salty for me. Good caprese salad and large 'small' salads. The small pizza is definitely not small either. Oh all you east-coasters and your moving to AZ gig.
Was just in tonight and sat at their sushi bar and had the Tootsie Roll platter. Very nice for a fast food joint. Chelsea is the manager, and she's really great, as is the rest of the staff. Gonna have to come back and try something else soon. Plus it's right down the street from my house.
Customer service is on point! \n\nHot Dogs--- never in a million years would i have thought id be paying $7 for a hotdog but man is it worth it!
Lots of pictures, guy at desk knows a lot about Burlesque. Must visit when in Vegas
Great shrimp Thai green curry! Nice flavor and the sauce isn't too thick or thin...perfect consistency. Just wish they'd add more veggies and shrimp ... Too much sauce.
Only visit this Walmart if I need something for an emergency. I am always asked for money even before I park my car. The customers inside leave it a mess and are very rude. The parking lot is full of trash and carts are everywhere. Seriously do not like this Walmart at all!
Had good expectations but was let down with poor service and sub par food
Me and my family loved getting wasted here. Everything was so good and we had so much fun watching a basketball game. Try the Guinness, the beer they are known for.
Great tasting food all made  from scratch and you can literary taste the love and care that goes into each dish.
great pizza i always get the brooklyn and am satisfied everytime. the only thing i think they can work on is their delivery times maybe. not sure why but it takes them a minimum of an hour to get the pizza to my apt even though i live only a couple blocks away.
This is what I call a good froyo place. It was clean, affordable, there were a long list of options and the employees were nice. \n\nIf you want a good self-serve froyo shop, you should come here!
awful!!!!
So far I've had one of their Omelets, which had Turkey Tomato and Onion and Guacamole on top. It was one of the best Omelets I've had. Their Hash browns are amazing. I'd recommend everyone come here.
Club was great but the DJ last night was whack. Time to start recruiting some legit DJs from MGM and Wynn if Drai's wants to compete.
Pretty good pizza.  This place isn't far from my house, so I'll probably go back.  Not as good as my beloved Grimaldi's, but it's plenty good for the price.
Tasty food. Great Atmosphere. Small menu. Creepy Staff.
The food and our server Nay were great.  We sat at a table at the bar and 2 guys we thought were patrons who turned out to be employees of Applebee's were out of control loud and dropping curse words left and right.  No one, not even the manager, asked them to quiet down.  There were children in the restaurant.
The salsa taste like V8 tomato juice yuck! They charge for extra chips and salsa not unlimited like most Mexican restaurants, so no worries here of me wanting extra salsa. Really nice people with fast service. Food is delicious I ordered a beef burrito and cheese enchilada with rice yummy!
Worse customer service. Just ordered an ice latte and it is literally white because it's all milk. That's after I returned my first one because they decided to add sugar.
This is one of the better Indian food restaurants we have found in AZ. The food was good, the place had a good atmosphere, and the staff was friendly.
Tip: nachos here are bomb, yes gas station nachos. When you want care less about your health, load up on nacho and chili cheese. Also tamales in green chili and horchata at this location.
Convenient location at Fashion Square, the decor was nice, the service was good and the food was good.  There is just nothing special about the food that makes it stand out!
Went there today with 4 colleagues, one of which is from Jordan. The food was hearty and delicious. I suggest as a rule getting the special of the day or a couple of the sides. The kunafa was delicious.
Love their Thursday wine tastings, and great wine restaurant overall. It is a little pricey but worth it.
Good food realy bad service
I stopped by last night for the first Bluesday night jam and I had a blast. The atmosphere was great and the blues jam was amazing. I cannot speak for the food as I just stopped by on my way home to hear the blues, however, the staff was friendly and attentive.  I will be back next Tuesday for food and the jam!
They offer unlimited uni and ama ebi, but overall quality of this place is worse than average.  With so many AYCE sushi places in town, you can do much better.  But I have friends that love this place because all they want to eat is subpar uni.
I have eaten hear before and it was ok but I won't be coming back. Today in the paper under Restaurant Inspections they received 7 critical violations!! I wouldn't  be surprised if we end up seeing them on TV's Dirty Diner. UGH!!
Predictible
We were completely blown away by the show. Went there with my wife and parents and was worried they may not like it. But everyone had such a good time. Fantastic show.
Terrible breakfast. Don't, bother. I had a crappy bagel sandwich.  I should have hit McDonalds.
Best place to watch the game with out a lot of random shit going on behind you... Get a cold tall boy and sit back and enjoy wings pretty good to...
great people and really clean!!!
It depends on what you're looking for.  I think the food was marginal.  Most people seem to come for the country music and girls dressed in cowgirl hats, bikinis, chaps, and boots.  The service was decent.
Service is good, beers are good but $5 for a small draft beer is a total rip off!  The thin crust pizzas are very good, ribs were just OK, Dave's BBQ ribs are far better.  Good 80s music selection.  Very cool and hip atmosphere.\n\nWayne Gorsek
Bad service, even worse food. Everything looks dirty. Food was under cooked. Area is horrible and staff gossip all day next to your table due to tiny environment.
Too slow, very expensive, very bad food, the food at Deny's is better, warmer....\nDon't eat here if you can\nThey never asked us for more coffee or water\n$82 for 4 people regular breakfast /w 4\nOJ's and coffee
If your looking to pickup on hot woman MGM is the spot! They also have Hakkasan, the hottest club in Las Vegas. The slot machines don't pay out for shit.
What a great place. The staff and the managers are so friendly I cannot think of another place to go to get an outstanding gift for anyone. And they do parties
This place is packed in tight. Always looks liked it has been ransacked. I have been in there two different occasions to get the Ulta brand mineral make-up and both times they only had two shades available. I only go in when necessary.
OMG that was bar none the best Napoletana pizza I've ever had. I live down the street from Tony's in SF and IMHO Chef Marc (no this is not me) could take them to school. This is my new Vegas must have meal.
Yummy! Love the Mountain Beef, Pad See U, and Tom Yum Soup with shrimp. In-dining experience is GREAT and makes for a nice casual dinner date but take out during the week is my favorite. Easy parking, punctual service, coupons, and hot ready to eat delicious food.
this is the WORST!!!! Asian buffet I have ever eaten at.  Things were barely warm, many were greasy, and many things had no taste at all.
Love this place. Love how they redesigned the whole entire inside! Super fast service and workers are always nice!
At the Rhythm Room last last and the food truck showed up.\n\nWe had the Drunken Apples and a side of fries, very good.\n\nThe Shrimp Tacos looked good too
Tornado Room is one of my top spots in Madison.  Enjoy Perfectly Crafted Cocktails?  The BEST Lamb Chops in all of Madison?  Maybe something a little Different like Frog Legs?  This Place has great food.  Not to Mention Awesome Steaks.  Check it out!
What happened to the amazing salsa they were famous for????  Everytime we're in Vegas we make sure to have dinner there, but not anymore.  Their salsa and food have lost the flavor we loved so much.
Randomly came here during our roadtrip.  I thought it would be cool to eat here because of its name :P  These burgers taste as bad as a white castle burger. I can't determine which is worse! I'm giving an extra star because of it's unique name!
Mother, sister & I enjoyed this show. We laughed and sang along with the rest of the audience. Intimate theater. Loved the musical parody!
Super friendly staff but the quality of the food is no longer what it used to be. Not even close! No more complimentary fruit shots or pur\u00e9es. Quality of the dishes as a whole have diminished unfortunately.
Great service, friendly, reliable and good, fair prices! Thank you Andre!
Horrible experience rude unprofessional staff not to mention over priced !
Everyone's food was ok. Our service was just ok (we had difficulty understanding our server) and there was NO room to sit inside. The restaurant is tiny. The bathrooms were not well kept either...go here if it is your only option.
One of my staples. I no longer get asked for my ID when using my credit card...very bad sign. Just can't beat the hot and ready deal and crazy bread! I may get my pizza here all the time, but the price is pretty close the quality. However, totally worth it in a pinch.
Good pizza and the buffet at lunch pretty cheap, always end up eating too much. Beer selection okay too. Half price pizza tuesday nights.
Best fight store in Vegas! Has everything you need! Went there to get some TMT gear for tonight's fight and they had a huge selection at great prices! boxing to ufc they have all the gear you can think of, awesome place! Thanks Scott for your help!
I don't like steaks that are that flat. But it was average. The frites were a nice addition. The service was good. The ambiance is great for a date.
Visit Charlotte on business every two months and have to hit Thai house. Pad Thai noodles are outstanding\n.   Can't recommend anything else because I get the same thing every time.
So serene... eat an entree like the Beef short ribs. Appetizers are small enough for only one person. You also need to take a few seniors with you to fit in the crowd... :)
Smoked Gouda.. Delicious. White bean dip.. Delicious! The braised chicken breast with peaches was ok, nothing special and kind of bland. The flank steak is a much better choice!
I love rocky's pizza.  This place is fun for kids as it has an arcade.  It also has 100 soda flavors.  Now, for the not so good, floors were very dirty with wrappers etc.  There were numerous empty tables needing to be cleared.  Seemed understaffed for a weekend.
So disappointed! The food was mediocre and the chef serving us was a new trainee. It took an hour before my food was served. Nothing special here.
Happy hour was amazing!! The street tacos were great with so much meat!!! Wish we lived here we would go all the time!!
Lunch at Freddy's is always always a treat. Love well-done thin patties and fries to kill for!
Some of the best espresso I have had.
Used to be good 2 years ago.  The albondigas soup was okay, but everything else was at best so-so.  Unfortunately, all four of us got sick after eating here.  Clearly the place has gone downhill.  You have been warned.  The server was a nice guy, about the only saving grace.
Visited here tonight with a large group. The drinks were ok. The food is a TeX Mex...if u like this kind of food...u may enjoy it. It wasn't bad...it just wasn't great either.
Don't get the horchata, it's $4 and tastes like half and half with a dash of cinnamon.
Enjoyed this beautiful zoo while on vacation! Perfect weather in December. Best part is the interactive activities they have for the kids. My favorite experience was riding the camel. Staff are very polite and make the experience much more enjoyable.
Asked for a menu bartender asked if we were ready to order to which we said no due to needing more time. Bartender then proceeded to take the menus as if its common for people to change their mind on ordering food. No thanks on trying the food here if that's the case.  Will not be back.
I was feeling Chinese so i chose this place from the yelp reviews. Glad I did. Service was on the spot & the food was great! It was a pretty inexpensive meal in top of that. Looks like I'll be adding this place to my musts......
Sure this Walmart is cleaner than many I have seen but don't expect to get any help if you need any. The photo guy was oblivious to customers and an instant photo machine ended up take 30 minutes to get my pics. Not worth it.
Don't get me wrong, I like port of subs, just not this one. Stay away.
I got an automated message from Penelope M dated 6/5/2013.... I tried replying to it but it won't go through...
I had a super rude cashier made a huge fuss over a exchange of a broken item. I would have bought but because of her rudeness I did my exchange and left I didn't get her name but on my receipt it says cashier 1271421
Adding more to my review.. 2nd visit and it was fantastic yet again!!!
I ordered my custom made door and it arrived recently for installation. The design was exactly to specifications, quality of construction and the finish are flawless. It took several months to get but it was worth it. This one improvement has increased the value of my home and makes my entire family feel safer.
I brought my entire family here. There are 5 of us. Dr. Grant is very nice, but his kindness does not over shadow the rudeness of the two ladies at the front desk. If Dr. Grant fires those two, I would definitely go back. In the meantime, I switched and took my entire family with me.
Kind of makes me feel like I' inconveniencing them.  I get left so they can help others.  I don't mind waiting, but when its my turn, then I am the person that should get the help and the other people should be told to wait.
Update: the manager Annie has yet to call me. Either Jen didn't tell her manager about her horrendous customer service skills, or Annie isn't woman enough to deal with customer complaints. Overall fail in this locations lack of care. Beware!
My husband and I have been seeing dr DiCarlo for years and gave nothing but good things to say about him and his practice. Our extended family goes there as well. Dr DiCarlo saved my tooth when another dentist wanted to pull it.
This place is authentic Japanese izakaya cuisine (tapas). It alwsys delivers. Sushi is excellent. Tempura light and crisp. And the little plates are all awesome. Favorite is salmon skin salad.
If you have been to the Islands, you will not be impressed. The menu is basically American Food with Hawaiian labels. They do have Kona Beer on tap and some Tiki mugs to serve a Mai Tai. Oh and don't forget the staff in red t-shirts with black spandex and boots. Aloha!
Potato salad not good at all. Beans not good at all. Ribs were really pink and when its pork I rather be safe than sorry. U ordered garlic bread and that was a joke ! How can u mess up garlic bread cmon guys ! Youll never see me there again but u can catch at honey bears tho !
Used Cleanital to clean my carpets on a LivingSocial Deal.  Eddie was on time, professional and did an amazing job.  My carpets were a mess before he arrived.  I plan on working with him more in the future!
Very expensive only time we stroll through is when we are stopping in for a show no locals in their right mind would shop here
The food was excellent. But the wait staff could use a brush up on service skills. Our waiter forgot my iced tea and I had to ask another server for it. He was more than happy to get it but our waiter was no where to be found. Green chili burger and swordfish club were excellent.
Family owned business with some fantastic NY style bagels! They are the old time hand rolled, boiled then baked bagels. They are ALWAYS fresh and tasty. If you don't go you will be doing yourself an injustice....
The restaurant mixed up my reservations a little but was eventually able to accommodate us.\n\nI had the 10-course fixed dinner and it was delicious! Great service tops it off.
Let's see, Bad Service, Very Slow, so so food, couldnt get waited on even when it was slow.   Much much better places to choose from in the area.
Well it's over when they want it to be underwear night 11-to whenever they feel it's over
My favorite sushi place hands down!! Their menu is so creative & delicious. Service is great & food comes right away. Always looking forward to eating there!!
I have been seeing Dr. Weisner for various ailments since May of 2000.  He has helped me recover from a serious car injury, and allowed me lead an active an healthy lifestyle.  \n\nAlways very professional and willing to spend time with you.  Great staff as well!
Really wanted to like this place.  But had a horrendous experience all around... Staff was woefully inept and over their heads.  Food came out 40 minutes later and was burnt & inedible.  We will not be back.  Very sad to see yet another restaurant fail so early...  good luck to them.
It's free and easy. It saves a good amount of walking between the different casinos. \n\nGot me back into the action so they could take all of my money. In hindsight, I should have just walked.
The store manager is rude, lacking EVERY key feature that a manager should have. Luckily there are two other girls who sort of helpful. However, customer service rating talking for it's quality. What a shame. Everyone on their cell phones... What a joke this place is. I rather drive few miles extra next time.
You get all of Warhol; video, silk screen, photography, funk, sculpture.  Your senses are challenged your inner artist comes out.  Go enjoy it!
Food arrived cold and took a very long time; not very impressed. The best part about this place is the waitresses wearing chaps.
Cool place.... Much better than a hotel, amazing pool.\nNO PARKING :(\nNeed to get an exterminator... In the evening the sidewalk crawled with cockroaches.... Not in the hotel, just need to spray outside desperately.
Average fare, and the service was a bit slow... Ordered the green salade from the Table d'Hote it was very good...but in all not really as good as it sounded from the reviews.
Stay away from this dry cleaners in Chandler. They tell you one price and when you come to pick it up the price has gone up. Will not go back to this dishonest business again.
Loved visiting this store after ordering online a few times.. The manager Jamie is so helpful and friendly.. I picked up a few Syntrax Protein flavors here and some JefFuel.. Easy to find if you use the NAV feature on your car or cellphone which is what I did..
Great atmosphere, food and staff hidden in South Phoenix.  When friends come to visit this is the restaurant they all want to stop at.
Not much flavor.  Awful service.  The food did not taste that great, I'll be on the look out for another Vietnamese restaurant.
Management or lack thereof have ruined this place - zero service and food has become completely mediocre..
The worst Italian food I have ever had. Easily worse than Olive Garden
Love body worlds! Can't wait to go back!  Puts a new spin on how you view the body.  I'm donating my body to science now.
Great beers and grub - a must re-visit
They have delicious pastries! I've been searching for so long for a near by bakery & turns out that this well hidden place happens to be near & delicious. Also it's the cheapest place bakery I've ever been to so I'm not disappointed!
Last time we went there there was blood on the light switch...Obvoiusly tons of people have been in these rooms.  Another time we had to switch rooms because of the plumbing.  Just somewhere I didn't really want to stay at.
I give it one star that's exactly what this place deserves. A group of friends and I went to go see what all the hype was about we all left feeling sick and very disappointed. I had the Chicken Alfredo pasta and it tasted like cardboard this place is way over rated and over priced all five of us said we would never go back.
Expensive drinks but hey you are in Vegas so else would you expect! They have really good drinks, there was this one with a strawberry puree that hit the spot. Very cool setting and great music/vibes. No line to get in and no cover- huge plus:)
place is always happening and the food is great.  it can get real crowded and the wait can be long to get a seat. so i f there is room in the bar then go ahead if not. wait. its worth it
Buyer beware if your gambling at the bar and you're winning your drinks are not free. Plus I order dinner as well so what I'm saying is the server should warn you that the drinks are not free. I will never go back
Well let's just say very contrived, very predictable and very boring. The style of food is well very canned. The atmosphere is very soccer mom oriented or married man trying to say he still likes his party life while wishing someone would slowly bash his skull in so that he could feel a moment of life before dying.
Simply Pure is simply delicious!!!  I'm so excited  Las Vegas finally has an awesome vegan restaurant. Her staff is more than amazing. The service is impeccable.  The food speaks for itself. I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a great introduction to quality vegan cuisine.
It's a supermarket chain, so don't expect great produce, 'cause their fruits and vegetables are pretty much mediocre across the board.  That said, it's a supermarket, so it has pretty much all the general foods you might want.  And they do put out some pretty good manager's specials from time to time.
You get to order a slice of pizza with any toppings you want on it, it was really good and fresh, lots of people everywhere, fun atmosphere, good for people watching
Great gastropub ambiance! Came in for the Happy Hour- 50% off beer and snacks! So this of course peaked our interest.... definitely a great choice! Really enjoyed the atmosphere, beer, and snacks!
We stopped here on a whim looking for something to eat before going to the Belk Theatre.   There were a number of expected tapas and some new ones to try as well.   Everything was really good!
Salmon kabobs were delish. Came with salad and hummus, very fresh.  Will definitely go back.
Only cleaner who can get the pet  stains out of my carpet!
Every time i come in to this location I always get followed around. I think they have something against you if you are a person of color.
Great food and the beat part is that you can order half rolls that way you can try more things! All you can eat is a great deal but watch out if you do t eat everything  they will make you pay full price . Haha
The chips and dip are deliciousssss. Basically anything on the menu is bomb.com
I bring them several shoes to have re-stitched and/or leather straps shortened. Always happy with the quality of the work and the timely matter in which its completed. Would HIGHLY recommend for any leather shoe repairs or rubber sole augmentations.
These guys are quick and very sweet. I registered online and at the last minute had to have them come to my work and pick me up. Did not take 15 min! The are the best. I was in and out in time to take my daughter to work. Love Them
Staff here was very friendly and attentive. I ordered a few drinks and the bartenders were nice. I like their outdoor patio...clean and very professional. Did not stay at the hotel
Eh! I wasn't impressed by this addon to lucky strike. There is an identity crisis as well, why the name Gypsy bar? Nothing is Gypsy. The drinks are pricey and the food is meh. Eat elsewhere like at Arrogant butcher around the corner and come to lucky strike for the bowling.
The happy hour prices here are affordable. Atmosphere is trendy and the sushi is good.
Decided to write this review while waiting for my carry-out that is 25+ minutes overdo. This is the third straight time I've had this same exact experience at the same location. Will definitely drive the extra miles to find a more professional pizza hut. Signing off.
I took my 2 year old and 8 year old there. Great for children over 5, but for little ones. They don't have a good selection for 3 years and under, especially for $10. I rather have went to McDonalds.
This is the second time here and the bar service is impersonal, little eye contact and minimal effort. Unfortunately,we will not be returning.
Very clean and friendly.  My daughter came into get a Henna tattoo and Sara was able to free hand exactly what my daughter wanted! Great place!!!
try the mint sugar smokey stuff
Great drinks.   Awesome music and environment.   Ribs are tough which is unfortunate.   But satisfied with experience.
Ordered online, and estimated time ready was off.  Waited an extra 20 minutes past estimated time.  Pizza and wings were good, cashier was friendly.  Not bad.
An honest to goodness pub! What luck to have this in Pittsburgh. If you like soccer, this is the place to watch games with your  mates. The beers are super and they even have cask beers! Tons of single malts, and the fare is really decent, too. Never a bad choice unless you have to wait for a table.
the filet was perfect. and i highly suggest the hennesy sidecar. just as perfect as the steak.
I drove by this location on April 5, 2011 and saw that the restaurant has been closed. All of the signs were off of the building.
Typical Red Robin.  Good service, never much of a wait here on the weekend.
Staff is okay. They have a lot of conversations on the sales floor that shouldn't be held in front of customers. Prices and sales are really good.
I used to live behind this place, and it is pretty awesome.  Pranksters is great for a neighborhood bar.  The food is good for what you would expect.  Don't come here if you want super fine dining, but if you want to get solid bar food, and a good buzz, this is the place to go.
Went for the first time today 38 weeks preggo and the chairs were sooo comfy for my pedicure! Love my nails and can't wait to come back to get gel!
Their sandwiches are so good!  Love the new sandwich place down the street from the house ;)
Poppy seed bagel, 0.75 each. Smells so good!!!! Soft and yummy : ) I love this area!!!!!!!
Mediocre restaurant for the wait...ordered takeout Pad Thai and had to wait 20 minutes. Be warned.
Always has what you need! Neighborhood grocer nice people reasonable prices great service holly recommend
My favorite park! I love hiking up the hill and enjoying the view. The park is always clean and well maintained. My daughter really enjoys the water feature and playground here also.
Go for Karaoke on Thursdays at 9PM. It is the best.
Smells really good outside of Winchells. Got a half dozen for only $5. Donuts look fresh and delicious. Hope they taste as good as they look.
\"That's just the way people are.\"\nOverheard when I went to get the plants I was going to purchase back off the shelf.\nMe thinkth that was a negative comment directed at me.
Don't go here unless you have at least a grand to drop and don't mind being overcharged for a tiny ass \"club.\" They cram the place and take advantage people trying to get in. You'd be better off spending that kind of money at a real club in Vegas, not a second-rate one.
Got the half chicken. Was delish. Price is pretty expensive though. But normal since it's in a casino. Waffle fries = win!\n\nSadly didn't get to try any burgers or steaks.
good froyo =)
Worst rental car agency by far at Las Vegas. Expect huge line to get your car. Minimum one hour wait. Staff is oblivious to long lines and regularly takes breaks leaving one or two people to service 15 person line. Worst is a guy named Jeremy Blair who insists on getting your hotel info. Real creepy. I will never be back.
The carne asada nachos were soooo good!! Only thing thats not good is the price of the beer!
Cool patio with games to play so that you can just chill with a beer outside with your friends and dogs.  Loved the flights that came in tree trunks.  Food and Beer both just ok.
I love this place!  It's on my short list of places to make sure to take visitors.  I always get the bruschetta and there are so many different options to choose from it never gets old.  One of favorites in the valley.
The food is good, not great.  The bar tenders were friendly and helpful. It is small, but it has open views of the casino floor which always provides sites and entertainment.
I hate CenturyLink, worst Internet and tv service ever. Always our service is interrupted and freezes and I don't know how many times we have had a tech out. It's pretty obvious they know they suck as they don't even respond to the reviews.
First time here. Great staff, great wings and great beer!!!  Definitely coming back when I am in town!
Worst staff and manager ever! My girlfriend and I were harassed by a few drunk men and the manager could care less. He told us he would ask him to leave instead kicked us out and said we needed to leave. Wtf! It was actually mind blowing.
I waited over an hour, which wouldn't be a big deal if the job was done well. It wasn't. I gave them the opportunity to fix it, and just get the stuff that was missed, and was told I'd need to go back to the beginning of the line and wait all over again. Won't be back.
awesome! My stomach isn't big enough for all the good food. waaaayyyy better than hometown buffet and that whole chain.
Owner present at location and very helpful - retro galore :) including old pacman machine and of course rock solid machinery !
What red blooded 'murican man doesn't love white knee highs and short plaid skirts? I mean seriously this is the single equation to a successful bar.
Never a bad meal here. Cheap , but great sandwiches. Several sides to choose from. Line always goes fast. I always seem to get there before the line starts which is a bonus.  24/7 is a huge plus as well. I always get the Ham and Swiss
Cool place.  Kinda forgot I was indoors with the ceiling painted like the sky. Not too over priced for being a mall.
Love the chicken fried steak.  I will have to say it's the best in the valley.  Service was wonderful.  I have no complaint and I will be back very soon.
Joe was absolutely fantastic! They called the insurance for me and did pretty much all of the work. My windshield was installed quickly and efficiently. The man that did it was very quick and did such a great job. He even cleaned the inside and outside of the windshield after installation.
It's sad that this place is so good, but the service is not. The owner should not be so cheap and hire more food servers. These ladies always seem so tired.
Best place in bell road. Everything I ordered tasted too good and fresh. They have unique cuisine with different recipes, I have ordered several dishes and everything tasted excellent.
Best Sopes and Burrito in LV! Best ASADA in town, LA style...closest thing to Cali...Yes! ...found my spot.
Horrible customer service.  They don't respect their customers.  Food is mediocre.
This is Mexican food done American to the max!! Lol if I want cheese all over my wanna be Mexican food I'll come back here but other than that Macayos you can stay away with your sad open faced so called quesadilla!! Smh
Next to impossible to find help in here. Walked around the entire store twice to find someone to answer a question I had, and saw nobody, except for the cashier who was busy with a decent-sized line.
David and his crew are amazing! I've used them twice myself and have recommended them to several friends who have been just as pleased. These movers are fast, friendly, careful, and reasonably priced. Go with them, you will be glad you did.
Great choices for fresh seafood - especially considering how far Pittsburgh is from the shore!  They also have a good Italian cheese shop too.  A Pittsburgh institution.
Thad did a really good job on my heart tattoo.  The place is kind of old and dingy but the work area environment was sterile.\nI would defiantly let Thad do another tattoo for me.
Everything about this place seems very antiquated.  I wasn't impressed with my clam chowder.  There was some kind of bread component inside the clam chowder that may have been an attempt at dumplings but just tasted like soggy bread.  \n\nI'm not a fan
Super nice people. Answered all of our questions. The furniture is amazing, and they take their time to make sure you pick the right stuff. Can't wait to go and shop their again!
Are beer, funny shorts, and spanking high on your priority list when it comes to choosing a place to have dinner?  If so, Hofbrauhaus is right up your alley.  Food isn't anything spectacular but the biergarten style seating, the plentiful amounts of beer, and a fun loving band keep this party moving.
This is a good buffet. The decor is bright yet welcoming, the food selection is great, and the food is good. Yet...it's just a buffet. I can't say it was worth the drive from the strip.
Food was ok although we were not feeling the decor.... a little dated and busy\n\n:)
I had a fish and shrimp dish for lunch. The fish was very fresh and tender, shrimp was very well flavored. The service is also good! Highly recommended!
Very upset this place has closed. Please come back! One of the few places in town where you can get healthy take-out.
Went here for a graduation dinner. The food is grossly overpriced and the decor reminded me of a converted doctor's office or 90's sitcom. Not what you'd expect on mount Washington.
A $65 Denny breakfast for 4 adults. Nothing impressive or noteworthy. Went here because we had a $35 credit. If we weren't exhausted we would have walked to breakfast but we wanted a quick, easy bite to get started on site seeing. I agree with other reviewers dated decor, everything in Flamingo smells like old cigarettes.
Had a great dinner there tonight. Clean, friendly, great deal on delicious food. Good sized portions for a great price. We will definitely go back soon.
Stop by for a snack midday and you'll be quite satisfied with a tasty pork sandwich. Definitely recommend the onion stuffing and BBQ sauce on the sandwich. Well worth the few pounds but probably not a proper lunch spot
If pizza is your business stick to that. Worst damn spaghetti I ever had in my life! Meatballs taste like water logs no flavor whatsoever!!!!! Tried to post without a star!!!!
It's an old place that's been polished new IMHO. It's noisy, smokey..came home with bronchitis and the flu.. Not my fave on Fremont. I probably would never stay the night here but not  bad to pop in and grab drinks.
Of all the restaurants I have been to this is the worst. The server who served us was extremely rude he just slammed the menu on our table and dint even bother to be friendly . We were completely put off by his attitude. Food was really expensive. The only good thing abt this restaurant is that it is located in mill avenue.
Great club/bar/lounge/venue. Great mix of people and music with decent bartenders and good prices on beer.
The jalape\u00f1o poppers were awesome! They come in their own individual shot glasses with dipping sauce! I wasn't crazy about the sweet potato fries but the Parmesan truffle fries went fast! :)
I love Mexican food!  I love Hussongs Cantina, in Mexico. This was lame attempt at both. Food is over priced and a gringo version. Save your money and go to Taco Bell. Of course if you think of Taco Bell when you think of Mexican food you'll love this place too.
Try the snake bite venom draft. Very good.  Be patient on drive here, no need to hurry.
I love their popusas! They are just a bit on the expensive side $2.30 each. Their Chicken Salad is also very good.
Haha...just got a call from Lifetime asking me if I want to reactivate my membership with their \"special\" offer...um, NO, thank you!
Okay for quick trips or filling a script late night.
They do a god job in my pedicure just think need spend little more time on foot massage
Best pizza I've ever tasted! I have had it once a week since I discovered it! A bit pricey at that rate but worth it. I get the pesto instead of read sauce w/ mozzarella and basil. Love the thin crust and woodfire taste. Just YUM!
Thanks for the heads up! Thanks to the reviews I will not be going here to get my nails done.
Very good food and service,  Great variety and unique flavors.  Forty minute wait, but they served food to waiting guests.  Now that's class!
I got the pulled pork sandwich and wasn't that good. service sucked bad, waited long for the food and check. Only good thing about this place is if you sit on the patio you can see the strip and people walking by.
Too loud and too overpriced. That said, food is great. I miss the MAC Burger....PLEASE bring it back. Wait staff is a tad bit pretentious but fitting for the place. This place beats Lucky s 24-7 coffee shop which I detest.
McDs is what it is...but this one has about a 50% success rate on getting the order right.
TSA Pre rocks here. Usually no line and very friendly folks. The main terminal is well laid out. Baggage claim can be a bit daunting after a long flight with all the \"Vegas Baby\" lights. Overall one of the best small airports.
100% best cheesesteaks in Pittsburgh (note: not Philly!). Order with mushrooms and grilled onions.  Eat in for for fab fries.
Great service and wonderful food. All-you-can-eat is a must if you're going in a group. Check out their special menu located behind the bar.
This is one of the better places in Charlotte for good food and nice atmosphere.  The food is above average to great depending on what you get.  I like the Salmon.  There is also a nice outdoor space during the warmer months.
First clue - does their aesthetic say, \"Lets chill out with some yoga?\" \nNo.
I wish I could eat here everyday.  I love the Handgrenade Chicken and Jerk Fried Rice. Snickerdoodle to go!
Their greek chicken pita is my favorite lunch dish.  And you need to add some of their house vinegar & oil.
I've used Dunway Carpet & Tile Cleaning for a couple of years now.  Todd and his crew always do an amazing job.  The carpets look great afterwards, the price is decent, and he always shows up on time. I would definitely recommend Dunway Carpet & Tile Cleaning to everyone!
The flavors are great! Bring back strawberry lemonade that was my fave lol
LOVE this place. The  grounds are expansive and lots to do.  If you want information about anything Vegas, ask for Thaddeus at the Concierge Desk. He's the man.
Waste of money. Only good thing is close to home. Cheaper gyms out there with much more for less.
Gotta love the Pizzookie and the Dirty Monkey!! So worth the wait!! Legalize Marinara!!
Have the owners from here ever even had a bagel from back east? Certainly doesn't taste like it, and they charge double what they do back east too. No thanks. The search for a good bagel continues, for now I'll just keep having them shipped straight from NJ.
Extreemly small portions!! Expensive. Not that good. Dont come here if you are hungry bc you will have to eat 3 bread basketts to satisfy your hunger!!
Not as many stores as I was anticipating... the crowds were horrendous, too. Vehicular ingress/egress needs some work. Poorly planned.
We had 2 awful sandwiches, that were supposedly turkey.  Even the pickles were lousy.
Great rooms,
Meh. It's okay when you want something quick. Not overly impressed. Fried rice is good.
Nice stadium.  Very clean but odd watching in a dome since the roof was closed when we were there (end of June and about 112 degrees outside). \nFood was only OK in my opinion, but there was a good variety.
Finally a nice clean gay bar for vegas!!
My favorite gun range.. Friendly staff, clean store and good prices.. Favorite things are free soda pop, pop corn, sonic dip cleaning and its not a tourist trap either..
Excellent Italian food and a huge wine collection.  Anytime you're in Charlotte downtown.  Stop in.  You won't be disappointed!
Best breakfast I've ever had! Got seated right away at the bar. Will definitely be back!
Show was fun and entertaining! Big draw back, everyone around me (in  front of me and to the sides of me) was using flash photography making it difficult for me to see at times. I think flash photography should not be allowed. No need to buy more expensive seats, small venue any seat in the room is a good one.
Five of us went for dinner and were very disappointed with our cocktails and the entr\u00e9es. The frog legs were the highlight. The monk fish was tasteless. The jambalaya looked burned and did not taste good. The salad was ok. The service was not bad. Way overpriced.
I am not even a big wine drinker but I still love this place. The atmosphere is great and the snacks and toasted sandwiches are super good!
Love coming here for my late night after party cheeseburger run! They're open 24 hours and the service is usually fast and friendly!
Too expensive! Just not a good deal...
Good service, and okay wine selection. Food was below average lack of flavor, not cooked to correct temperate. So many people have recommend this as a must try restaurant, it is not worth a 2nd visit. Prices are priced well for the items they sold however the quality of ingredients and preparation of food served was equal to a home prepared meal.
A must stop for the best food and service in Vegas.  One of the first pho restaurant in Vegas and the fact that it is always busy speaks for itself.  Open till 3 am everyday so it is a great place to have pho to sober up after the clubs.
They are very thorough , professional and caring here. I have visited several times with my son, and daughter . I recently had a sinus infection and seasonal asthma . They were wonderful . They do BSA and Sports physicals as well.
Don't have anything to compare the Scottish breakfast to - but it was damn good. Ambiance was comfortable and service was impeccable.
Good place to get tapas on the strip.\n\nIf you like cured meats and cheese they have a good variety here. Good selection of Spanish cuisine.
This place is dated. The bar improvements look nice if the temperature wasn't sweltering...the monitors are old too. I'd much rather go to the alley on Scottsdale and Thomas.
I was very impressed I must say. The views from atop Mt. Washington are just stunning. I was lucky cause the sun had come out after raining all day, could see much farther and clearer. Didn't take the cable car ride. Still the views were totally worth it.
I went to Debbie for my sister's baby shower...the custom invitations were amazing! So many people complimented on how adorable they were. Debbie listened to all of my ideas and gave honest and constructive feedback. I will definitely be going back to her for my upcoming wedding needs!
I absolutely love this place! I usually get the chicken shawarma plate and have enough to take home for two more meals. The staff is amazing as well, so helpful and friendly! This is honestly one of my favorite places to eat in Matthews!
I stayed here for a conference recently. The conference rooms were decent, but the hotel room was a disappointment for me. The rooms are dated and not worth roughly the $100 per nightI was charged. I would not stay here again. Thanks, but no thanks.
Service was nice and helpful. Food was outstanding.\nI usually can't stand Italian food as much of the places seem to take frozen foods, throw it in a pan and serve it. This place was a fantastic treat to Italian food. The greatest place I have been in a very long time.
Its an airport....... they are constantly building and adding on to this airport. It is definitely growing and getting huge.
It is what it is....an off-price retailer of outerwear in the desert. \nGood prices for mediocre goods. I'd go to Ross first folks!
I was fairly disappointed with this zoo. Signage was unclear. Many of the exhibits were on loan. The petting zoo consisted of a large pen of goats.
I did a take out order and the staff was really friendly, sushi was great too. :)
The food is not good\nWeekends are very crowded\nSo mediocre.\n\n(b)
Amazing guacamole!! The food is wonderful! Great service too! Go on Restaurant.com to get your $$ off! We used a $50 off of $100 and ended up spending around $75 for four adults to drink and enjoy an AMAZING meal!
Don't let the nice new casino and great restaurants fool you into booking a room here. Above the first floor it's still the same gross smelly run down hole it has been for years.
This is a classic steak house.  Good service and great food. Go ahead- spend the extra money.  It's worth it.
Bread pudding with bourbon sauce is great! Avoid everything else. Elementary school cafeteria quality food.
Ok food, our party had the flatbread, nachos, wings and a burger.\n\nThe bill was large for bar food which is exactly what this was.
Pretty good but they give you this food on a cheap flimsy morning roll which quickly falls apart in sogginess. Its not exactly cheap either (for local non tourists) which  makes me not want to go back because they are being too greedy for profit.\n\nEither make it cheaper or serve it on decent bread.
Horrible service, ok burgers, good fries. Overpriced and a la carte ordering (burgers and fries separate). Waitress didn't place our order with the kitchen then offered 15% off after waiting 1.5 hours for burgers and fries. Nice patio seating in Oakland.
The casino great place to play low-stakes and get cheap drinks on the strip!  That also means it attracts a younger, rowdier crowd, so keep that in mind.  Overall though, I had a good time playing here one afternoon.
Came in for a drink after lunch. They seemed a bit lost and they were out of grass jelly and several other items :( I ended up getting pudding milk tea. It was fine, not too sweet, pretty good. My friend and I hung out and played a board game, it's a chill place.
Great food, atmosphere, & friendly staff.  While it's not the best Italian out there, for the price around $10 average, it's one of the best.
I really like everything overall, but two things...the parking and how crowded it gets. But overall if it's a band your going to see, very nice for that.
We got free tickets to go see this so we had no expectations.. BUT .... we had a great fun time! Just let your hair down and bang away!! \n\nGreat fun for kids
One word describes this place....COCOON!!\n\nI'm 43 and when we went on a Friday for happy hour the average age had to be 70.\nHad one drink, actually nice pour, then left.\nGreat for much older people, I will see u in 30 years.
Worst service I have ever encountered.  Passive waiters and terrible manager.  With 2 kids in tote, you would think we could have had faster service!    Would NEVER go back.
Top of the line tequila selection of anejo and reposado tequilas. Tortilla soup was great. Service was great. Prices were great. Stop here to eat.
A nice place to catch a little music on the patio.
Always friendly & great service.
The food here is awesome. Had the lunch special. The fish is amazing and the sides we just as great. If you love fish you must try Ada's!
nice food! just the price seems little bit expensive, two ppl paid 64 pounds
I love Toast! I love to eat in the bar area, which reminds me of a tasting room in Napa Valley.  I love the way the food is put together so simply but so delicious! The chef's tasting paired with the wines is the way to really experience the best of Toast.
My sister told me to try Jersey Mikes since I eat a lot of Jimmy Johns. Ok so I tried it. At $12.45 for a footlong was a joke! It was not $5 better than JJ's by a long shot. Also, JJ's bread is A lot better!!
If you see this truck you must stop!  I have had everything and it's all so good. George is one of the friendliest people I have ever met. Top notch.
Entertaining, acrobatic we're amazing. Be ready for crude jokes...
This was quite bad. Do yourself a fbir ad drive an extra 5 miles to Signal Butte and the 60 if you must have crappy buffet food. At least that place is decent.
As I was heading home to LA, I wanted some coffee. This Starbucks is convenient and just south of the Strip. However, they have the world's slowest service here! I don't know if it was because of the crazy drinks people were ordering or if it was the hired help.
Most of the time enterprise is great to deal with.  They have always tried for great customer service and the Las Vegas location is no exception.  I have always been treated kindly, courtiosly, and promptly at enterprise.
Harvard and Highland has excellent cocktails and a good bourbon collection. The space is a little stark, but it's a great place to go with a big group. You can order up BBQ from UPG late and play pool for free on a new slate table in the back room.
I love this store, lots of fun tropical type stuff, every now and then I pop in to see what's new, it's a cute little family owned business that I feel good supporting.
Best Tacos. Best everything. Love this place! The chips and dip are so good. Enchiladas are good. Street tacos are the best. You have to try this. It is the best food!
I love the guys who work there and Juong and his wife the owners are so helpful and down to earth not to mention they were able to save me sooooo much $$$$ on my phone bill!
Food was delicious, restaurant was dirty can't imagine what the kitchen looks like. If they clean up their act I'll be back.
Rather than say anything negative about the food or service, I'm just going to post pics of the girls bathroom. That's it. The best part about this place is the bathroom. You decide what that says about everything else. I'll try it again sometime. Hopefully the bathroom won't be the best part.
I'd like to start off by saying that the atmosphere was great. Now that being said, the service was rancid to say the least. We made reservations and yet it still took 30minutes to be seated. The food was just as bland and over buttered. The waitress was rude and winked at me inappropriately. Awful.
Great atmosphere! We sat out in the garden and listened to the live music. The Brucee is excellent- so smooth! Definitely not the burnt/ash tray taste of Starbuck's. We'll be back for sure!
You get a full plate of food for a very decent price.\n\nThe room is well light and the staff is very courteous\n\nThey have nice beers from Eastern Europe too!
AZ burger is da way da go!!  staffs are amazing..
Had a steak and mushrooms, both were very good. Escargot was OK, but I have had much better. I would go here again.
The owners should probably train their wait staff to be proper.\n\nWhen a table is done and they have paid their bill it would be very nice you did not ignore them completely and go and pick up their chat. Until the customer leaves the restaurant it would be proper to continue to serve and refill their drinks.
Bomb.com love this place and it's yummy drinks and Popsicles!  My kiddo loved the Hawaiian torta, and the guacamole is good. Good beans too! The veggie torta could stand to be improved! It's pretty plain with mayo tomatoes and avacado .
Food is great, if you like waiting for 45 minutes for it. There were three of us and its not like we ordered anything complicated either. The server did aplolgize several times and offered us free dessert, which was also a waiting game as well. I love the food there but thats about where it ends.
Disorganized. They do kit seat people as they come in. Rude. Better to go to Mcdonalds.
Loved this place. Food was good and prices good too. Don't have to leave a tip either.
Great Food and Great Service. Nice and clean Greek food eating experience. If I wanted to improve something It might be the deserts. I'm not saying they are bad. But I have tasted better ones elsewhere in the Valley.
I don't think this diner is going to last. They need to rethink their branding and food selection.
Nice people, I left a fitted hat for dry cleaning and it came back shrunken 3 sizes and misshapen. Maybe dry cleaning a baseball cap is too advanced for them.
Just ok, fish tacos looked good...but had tiny pieces of fish cubes. Same with Nachos...very small bits of steak. Chips not warm or particularly fresh. The serving bowls they came in were worn and frayed. Prob won't be back.
Maybe it's just me, but it seems like the staff at this location isn't all that friendly.
Good spot! Very clean inside. Had the cold vermicelli and the service was fast! The beef stew is also good. Next time I will try the pho
Nice hotel.  Nice location.
So disappointing. The service was horrible. Beer tap selection was sad. Had an Old Guardian because it was somewhat interesting. Food? Our server forgot to order it. The \"frickles\" and fries were so-so. Save your money and find a Sin City Brewing Co. Station instead.
Very nice meal.  The lobster bisque is really TO DIE FOR!  The lobster Surf n Turf is the Business!  I also had an order of crab legs with the filet, however not as tasty as the lobster for sure!  Wonderful restaurant! Loved the lay-out and decor!
So I had to wait in line for almost an hour and spent about 70 dollars on drinks that night.  But the view from the roof is amazing and the bartenders are speedy and friendly.  I do have to say that they need a real dance floor space; the only dance floor I saw was really minimal for a club this size.
Good place for drinking or seeing a band play.\n\nFood is decent, taps are great, staff is pleasant.\n\nAwful karaoke though. AAA entertainment I think it was, no bueno.
Atmosphere typical of PF which I'm okay with! Wasn't too busy this day and noise was at a low level. Service was fast and friendly. Brown rice a bit dry. Shrimp n lobster sauce was okay! I was hungry or may have given one less star!
Absolutely delicious!\n\nGreat pizza, just be ready to wait in a very length line and wait time. Be ready to break the bank as the pizza is slightly expensive ($22 I believe is where a full pie starts).
My friend and I stayed at Monte Carlo on what was my first time to Vegas and I couldn't have been happier with our choice. For the money, this hotel and casino was the nicest, cleanest and classiest of all the hotels in the same price range.
Bally's is an awesome hotel, but their steakhouse is not up to par with what you can find on the strip. If you're being comped here, then that is another story. However, do yourself a favor and hit the Smith & Wollenskys if you want an awesome piece of meat.
This is a breakfast review.\n\nTasty omelets (although the omelet chef is a tad gruff), horrid coffee, and we breezed right in at 7:30am.
Terrible selection and the employees don't know jack about what they sell. Also it's just about as overpriced as it can get. Just go to dick blik or arron brothers. Just anywhere but here.
Dragon Jasmine hot tea is amazing
Great prices...bad customer service.
Love this place for a quick Mexican fix. Their \"Rami burrito\" is really good! Carne asada burrito is really salty. Hubby loves their menudo.
One pita bread for two orders of hummus? What a joke. Slow service too. I'm not one to give bad reviews but this place reeked of slow service and sucky portion control. \n\nStep your game up, guy.
AMAZING!! We had the crab fries, the Brussel sprouts, the Gotti's lux  burger and the Salmon BLT.. Divine.. Dana took great care of us.. We couldn't eat all.. My new favorite place..
Hands down the best bike shop in the valley. Super cool staff. Great service. The ONLY place I trust to work on my bikes.
Excellent Navajo food!
Really nice people and place. I went there yesterday and they are really good and helpful. My Audi got fixed really fast
I love LOVE my new look.  Everyone was kind, sincere and helpful.  Dion understood how to cut my thick curly locks.  Bree added just the right amount of highlights.  Thank you to everyone at Rolf's for the amazing experience.  I'm actually looking forward to my next haircut.
Why does this place always smell bad? Seriously, the second you walk through the door it's vaguely sewer-ish. Their roof deck is okay, and I am honestly glad that not every establishment in Lebo is high-end, but overall I'm not a fan.
Chicken Tikki Masala was amazing.  Great deal on Wednesday's for date night; 2 entrees, 1 app, 1 desert, 1 bottle of wine for $40. Highly recommend!
If I could this place would get negative stars. A friend and I went tonight, took FOREVER for any one to even take our order. On top of that they forgot my friend's order and after 15 minutes came back to ask what he ordered again. Very poor.... High priced
First timer but will be coming back for sure. We ordered four dishes and shared family style. My favorite was the fish fillet in house spicy sauce, although it was very difficult to choose because everything was sooo good!
We go here a lot for family dinners or lunches but the last few times have been very disappointing.  The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.\nI think it's time to find somewhere else to eat.
Staff was dressed in 20's gear, cute touch. Still very pricey drinks, but a very cool and mellow atmosphere. Good place to sit and talk - Saturday night they had a DJ spinning live.
On our way to downtown to do some ice skating, I noticed that my car was running on fumes.  Stopped in to get some fuel and water.  Had some issue with the credit card reader at the pump from reading my card; took 3 times for it to successfully read my card.
Good on the go food.  Really good for an airport.
Great place, well maintained. It's big airport with some long walks.
I am a big berries fan, and \"Berry Berry Berry Good\" at Cold Stone is very very very good!!! Love the ice cream texture!
I like Filipino food. This place has a great selection of meals, snacks, and desserts. Yummy stuff.
The coffee really isn't that good, but the variety on the menu is decent.  I have bad memories of teenage angst and if that is what you are looking for then you found it in The Beehive
This place is missing one key ingredient:  Flavor.
They have a surprising amount of vegetarian options, just stick w green sauce as the red sauces are beef based. Love their salsa, it all seems to be cooked rather than fresh but I still enjoy it, and just the right amount of heat.
We ate here last night.  The food is not good and they are understaffed.  Sonoma is consistent with the other restaurants from this group, Nola, Seviche.  I will go back for drinks.  The wine list is extensive but the food is poor. \n\nGet a glass of wine and eat soemwhere else.
Red eye to NY.  Nice new leather seats..yay\n\nNo internet or tv on this flight....boooooooooo
4 starts... seriously??  The old hotel, that might have been luxury 30 years ago is no more or less than a dive located on the Vegas strip and looks pretty cool from the outside.  For 1/2 the price I could have had a room at the stratosphere and expect a better room.
Cramped small pet shop. Ghetto pet shop.
Loved the Pizza, will come back.
Terrible car selection and they all have high mileage. I would stay away from here. Even though I paid for a Luxury Car I got a mom van suv and that is standard according to the guy. I usually rent from National Car Rental and have little to no problems there.
Decent gel mani. Prices are a bit high, but I had a sweet tech- nobody was snooty when I was there. Mani lasted 2 weeks. 5 stars for anyone that can last 3 or more!!
Fun atmosphere but personally I think it's over priced for what you get.  Nothing to write home about for sure.
The view was phenomenal & the really dirty Martinis were flowing! A great, local kick back place to enjoy the sunset!!
This place is for purists!  Be prepared for a great deal of questionable textured items if you order the tasting...Great sushi and sashimi however I would go to sakana sushi & grill for a true sashimi / sushi experience.
Came in for a quick bite with a group of seven. Food and prices were better than expected. Service was decent, but our server seemed overwhelmed. Not a bad choice when you're not interested in waiting or looking for anything specific.
Found this place through Desert Companion magazine.  My boyfriend & I shared the blue crab sliders which were excellent.  I had the yellowfin poke & chef's pork belly. Both were well prepared & melt in your mouth. My Boyfriend had a ramen bowl.  It was huge & tasty.  We both highly recommend it.
Typical sports bar, in dire need of some redecorating! This place looks (and smells) like 1974, nix the HD tv's. Its an OK place to meet a pal for a beer, but no dates, or it'll be your last date with that Gal!
This is NOT the cat's meow. \n\nThis is when the cat coughs up a hairball. \n\nLadies, get your free drinks and bounce.
Staff is usually nice. Most of the drinks are good. \nThey didn't get my Americano right, but everything else has always been good.
I got my haircut by Tamara a couple of weeks ago. We had great conversation and she gave me lots of tips on how to grow out my hair. I'll keep coming back to show her my progress!
Place has terrible parking.
This place has awful service. We had to ask for a beer menu which the hostess had trouble locating. Hello it's a tap house. Anyway no one came to the table to say we'll be right with you so we finally walked out. Told the hostess and she say oh sorry. \nNever going back.
the CRYING BABIES were awful, this is not a place for kids at all.  We left, it was\nnot a great atmosphere
Wow.\nExcellent dinner. Excellent wine. Wonderful friends. \n\nPerfect meal.
It's walmart - what did you want me to say.
The goods:  Service,  by the servers and sushi chefs were good.  Happy hour sake & specials pretty reasonable.  The food:  Most of the sushi was just average and some was not good.  Overall I would go back, but only for a few items that you know will be good.  For a new place the decor could be much better.
big shocker, NOT!
Had a really great time here, tons of people and really good music, and the thing I remember MOST clearly was that there was NO line for the women's bathroom! Maybe girls are just lower maintenance or more considerate than in NYC, but I was so impressed with the lack of a bathroom line.
Horrible service an cost was outrageous, even considering it was sushi... Be warned when you go, if you want to spend 500$ on appetizers an couple drinks then this is the place for you. This place will never have my service again... Hustlers.
Second favorite sushi place but #1 for Happy Hour and patio dining.  Great prices and tasty options though their Happy Hour menu has been reduced.  \n\nNice place to stop by if you are in the area.  Recommend lunch or Happy Hour, dinner is noisy and busy.
Lots of classes to choose from, neat studio, and great deal for unlimited classes for two weeks to try it out before you commit!
so after reading all about it we  went for lunch.... 6.95 lunch special\n\n chai tea was BIG.. food was ok , which only means that we will try another place  next  time.  we saw a place  on the way,  off sahara at Paradise.  there was a India place right there to try too!
Got the chicken lo mein. Paid nearly $10 and ended up throwing the take out in the trash after 3-4 bites:( not sure if I can give it a second chance. The staff was friendly on the plus side.
Just your typical Target store, nothing special about this one.  Only good thing is that this location is close to my work place so if I need anything for my job, I can easily drive over here and get it.
My old supervisor took me and my ex-fiance' here shortly after I started working for her. It was really good diner food, and was very easy on the pocket book. I haven't been back since, but I wouldn't hesitate to stop by if I was in the area and craved diner fare :)
The best Thai in the Phoenix...  This place could hang with the best in the country.  Highly recommend the salad rolls and boat.
I have been going for a few months regularly and I love the facility and the staff. Dr. Brim is an amazing chiropractor. He takes the time to understand your personal needs and creates a plan to get you on the right track.
Zips bar and grill is ridiculous we went there for my girlfriend's birthday and they would not accommodate a friends food allergy that is outrageous and just poor customer service from the manager saying she could have a salad never going back again!!!
Good eats, but slightly overpriced. Nice wine/beer options. Summer patio option is a plus! I've had their wraps and salads. Healthy, fresh, easy.
We decided to give Gabriellas a second chance. We ordered a basic pizza to go. Got home & discovered the pizza was half over cooked & half undercooked. \nThey can't even get a pizza right. We're done with this dump & we'll stick with Enzo's Pizza.
Girl running the register was dumber then a sandpaper tampon.\nAll I'm saying
Poor quality food of inconsistent flavors - rice was bland while chicken and brocolli was overly garlicy.
Rock solid Indian food. Lunch menu is cheaper. Mango Lassi has about three different flavors based on what night you go and a lot of the chicken seems to be prepared beforehand. That being said its great. I love the food, not the lamb for some reason, but its hard to think of anything better for the price.
So here we are. We've been waiting for 15 minutes already to even be asked our order. They're very disorganized and very slow. Not enough staff for a Saturday night. I've never had service this slow. Don't even know what the food tastes like because we can't get it!
Great food, good service. The crab cakes were solid; not Pacific NW good but still great for the middle of the desert. Portions were large so wishing my wife and and I would have split and entree. The Lobster Carbonara was excellent. The bacon and lobster gave the spag noodles a rich flavor.
These guy always produce good quality printing. And fast. For my last order I emailed files in on Monday afternoon and picked up the finished postcards Wednesday 5pm.
Seattle may have just won the 2014 Super Bowl, but the Steelers still rock with six rings, Baby!!! Just stating what all Steeler fans know: a Steel Dynasty is still unmatched no matter what team claims the title of current Super Bowl Champs.. Go Steelers!!!
This pizza is amazing!!!! The atmosphere is also pretty killer. All of the stuff I have ever eaten from here has been delicious! \n\nThe service is always great! \n\nHonestly I think it's the best pizza in the entire metro area
The most low-rent taco bell i ever been to
Excellent food and service.  They were not that busy when we were there so we had a lot of attention from the wait staff.\n\nLobster Mac and Cheese was a definite home run.
Had a hard time finding the place, but once I did it was an awesome experience.  He has movies you can watch while he works on your car. He is super friendly and the tint looks amazing.. would recommend over any corporate ran place any day of the week
Get here before 10 if you want the best choice. No chance of getting basil after 9:45
Quite disappointed, my green beans had worms in them. Customer service was bad, still charge me full price for everything. Nobody even apologized. It was just a plain horrible experience.
Very nice setup and staff. Has good natural lighting inside and is well ventilated. The gyros and salads are quite good (as well as everything else I've tried). It's a nice place to go for good, quick service and awesome food.
Never fails! Anything and everything is delicious! One of my faves, is the Gorgonzola filet mignon... Always cooked perfectly and try their Bellini!!!  And it never hurts that the staff is always friendly!
Good food and good food specials..
This place was small and had a small selection of EVERYTHING. There are 10 better gun stores I could easily name off the top of my head. I will NOT be back!
My friend loves to eat cha siu bao (BBQ pork bun) and claims this places makes the best place in montreal to get them. It is a homemade style bun, not too doughy, always fresh, ( tip they bake them in the daytime so they will taste better if you buy them fresh )
Very fun atmosphere they do have the best fried chicken with wasabi mayo. I had their ramen noodles. Lacking in flavor and their pork belly could have been better. Best ramen so far is Ippodu in NYC.
This place gets it right with amazing coffee, friendly baristas, and a great atmosphere. \n\nOther places in Pittsburgh may have one of these (or maybe even two!) but, certainly not all three.\n\nA great pit stop while walking around lower Lawrenceville.
Great service cashier very nice and polite and quick service  food was ready with 5 minutes and these are the best red chili burritos in town for sure hands down \nThe only thing is they need to do a little remodeling around the place
This was a decent when I visited. I found the tzatziki sauce to be a little lacking, but the gyro was solid otherwise and decent fries. Very quick service and solid quality for a fairly inexpensive price. Not the most amazing gyro I have ever had, but solid.
This is our favorite pizza in Arizona.  The atmosphere was great, my wine was yummy, service was great, and the pizza was fresh and tasty.  We can't wait to bring our family here when they visit- plus it's walking distance from home, so we can drink all the wine we want!  Bravo to Classic Italian Pizza!
Shitty food long lines worst example of Mexican food I've had in phx I'll never be back
I have been going to Lucky Boy for years and they always impress me with a great burger and fries for super cheap.  I try to watch what I eat but will splurge on my calorie intake any time with a burger from here!
Really impressed with the service and selection. They have a system where you turn an egg on the top of the table to notify the staff if you need help!
This place is amazing for breakfast!!! Seriously $3 for a huge plate of eggs, toast and home-style potatoes. Such an awkward location but I think that makes eating here even more fun. Great owners, very friendly!
Restraunts and bar service exceptional..casino floor and dealers rude with shotgun attitude..
Though one of the smaller campuses, very cozy and easy parking. Only downside is the people who work in the offices of registrar and financial aid have NO CLUE what they are doing and are quite rude. Once you are admitted and as long as there are no hicups....great campus!
okay service was fine but the steak okay sorry but there are better for the money
food is good, service is A+ and it was quick and easy to get across the river to the hockey game.
First experience was good. Gotta try this one
Just saw an episode of \"kitchen nightmares\" where a hair was found in the food and Ramsay shut down the whole place- reminded me of my nightmare at Kona with the hair and all I was offered was a free dessert. That was 2 years ago - no response from the review ever. Shitty management- have not been back since .
Great experience, hands down.
Nice to see a Tropical Smoothie in this area! But heck...no customer service at all in this place and it takes sooooo long to get your order! Seriously 15-20min for a smoothie?! Really??
Want to be kabuki.. The place is small and the service is ok.. Sushi are ok, I'd rather do the real kabuki just saying
This Roberto's sucks compared to other locations. They charge ridiculous amounts extra for everything. If you want a carne asada burrito twice the size of this location go to the location on flamingo and rainbow. This is the last time I try this location. Bad attitudes and smaller portions is what you will find here.
Don't waste your money here.  16 bucks plus tip and they literally didn't clean anything inside the car.  I watched the guy and he just didn't give a shit.  Will never spend another dollar there.
I've been lead astray by Mr. Guy Fieti ALA Dinners Drive- In's and Dives , but not this time.  Friendly service, clean restaurant, and fresh dericious food that made me gorge myself to the point of not being able to eat till dinner time.  Fan-fucking-tastic.
Just fun, good food.  Ask for Jimmy...he's a kick.
Love the swanky environment, dj and even their bathrooms are awesome! Excellent drink menu and the chicken sandwiches are my favorite in all of the valley. If hanging around the scottsdale mall, this place is a solid HH or dinner spot.
Best place for some electronica beats.
I had the flatiron steak with fries and a baked potato. The baked potato was the best part of the meal. The steak had a taste I can't identify, maybe old meat? The fries were kindof cold and gross. The staff was extremely friendly, the kitchen needs some help.
We visited the market this afternoon after visiting the Levine Museum of the New South - and although the market isn't real large, it's appealing and also attractive.  There are good food options, a coffee place and a wine store.  Also, there's plenty of seating and it's a bright & airy environment.
Time after time this store continues to disappoint. I needed a pair of shorts so I decided to try this store again. I had great customer service last week and it gave me hope that this store had turned around. I return this week only to find that the customer is not priority here. I will go back to shopping online.
Very little in terms of actual performance and acrobatics. If you've watched a few Broadway shows, you'll be left wanting more. The comedic breaks are unnecessary, and there's an entire sequence that is computer generated without any actors..
Will never come back here.. Food is tasty but they are overpriced. Just bought salt pepper pork and lemon chicken with free rice and they gave me lots of lettuce and small serving of what i ordered.
Worse service ever!! The waitress sent the wrong food and drinks even we had been waiting for 2 hrs for our order. After all the long waiting, of course we had to wait for the check, wait to pay, the waitress told us we supposedly to pay 18% of tips! WTF! Won't visit this restaurant ever again!
I proposed here, and the staff was totally willing to help in any way, and made the evening unforgettable. Beautiful experience, and absolutely incredible food. Worth the price, because the experience is priceless. Pork chop and chicken are terrific.
This is one of my favorite places to buy food. It's so cheap but great quality, and the people are so nice!
Good spot 1rst time here service was friendly and swift breakfast was affordable turkey link sausage 2 eggs poached hash browns not my fave but I would certainly return for some of the other options
Decent Japanese/Korean fast food. Similar in style to Chin's, although a tad more authentic. If you're out shopping at Greenway Station, this would be a good place to stop for lunch (it's across the street from Bucatini and TGI Friday's).
If you enjoy over paying for mediocre food and horrendous service Graze is the place for you.
OK place, pleasant staff.  Average burger.  Better than the other big burger chains.  But not 5 Guys or In-N-Out
Interesting to me that Ben & Jack's comments on the \"good\" reviews they recieve, yet do nothing, not even offer an apology for the \"less than perfect\" reviews
Best Mani Pedi ever!  Great deal $30 combo!
Rude owners and overpriced food.  $35 for two very ordinary salads and drinks at lunchtime???
This place is pretty good. They're clean, fast, and friendly. However, their pho can't compete with Pho Kimh Long.
For breakfast the service was excellent. Although we did not order a big meal the food was good reasonably priced arrived very quickly. Cannot rate more as we did not order a huge biscuit and gravy breakfast.
This place is the best coffee shop I've ever been to! It's so great! The baristas are always so friendly. All of the drinks that I've had have been made very well and tasted wonderful. I can't recommend this place enough if you want a much better alternative to Starbucks
Jack Wills but for richer kids and about twice the price.\n\nAvoid, like the people that wear this stuff avoid the poor.
Penguin is a cool spot. The fried pickles are good as sh?t, the burgers are good also. Good luck finding a seat though.
The food was very good ( we ordered a chicken club sandwich, a #2 combo, and a grilled cheese kids meal), it was affordable, the restaurant was clean and the service was excellent.
Dannette Maynard at Sola Salons at The District for breath taking color, state of the art cuts and extensions.  I wouldn't go anywhere else.  For hair that knocks your socks off call Danette and call ahead.  Her number is 702-528-5268.  You won't regret it!!!  Penny C.
I was here with friends sitting at the bar in the patio section.  The music was great and the drinks were nice and strong!  I'll be back at end of June.
The salsa is excellent and hot. Last time was better. The chimichanga was over done. I'll go back to the taco next time
Garlic fries made our drinks taste bad. Fish and chips are good. Need to train waitress with red hair to pay attention to party of six instead of ignoring us for table of two right next to us.  We are waving check around trying to pay and we are still getting ignored.
So so menu choices but goodness their marinara is great!!!  We bought the risotto friend appetizer and a pizza and both were better because of the marinara. The menu just doesn't hit its stride. It's an ok place to go but not something to go out of your way for.
I had the chicken parm which was good. My husband had the scallops and they were delicious!  Not to heavy, just right portions. The garlic cheese bread was very good. The service was great!
The food is terrible and over priced. The service is also very slow. I don't plan on going back there.
I like hot yoga and I think they do a good job. The teachers are well trained.  I dont like the fact that they tell me where to put my mat. Instructions could be more hands on and I wish the place was cleaner.  Overall it is an ok experience.
Went to an event here. The meatballs were frozen meatballs. It was ok. I probably wouldn't go back to eat.
Food was terrible. Completely flavorless. Sauce was watery. The free wine is not drinkable.
Worst buffet ever...  Selections was limited, steaks and lambs were not fresh.  Other high end buffets such as Bellagio would be a better bang for your bucks.  $50/ person including tips for our party of 8 was such a waste.
Our friends in Summerlin turned us onto this place. It's amazing. The chef, owner, everyone that works there is a delight. The food was amazing. I wish you guys had a place out here in LA.
I love coming to Coffee Rush. The employees are friendly, but more importantly, they are experts when it comes to crafting amazing espresso drinks.
I got food poisoning after eating a chicken burrito from this place about five years ago. I have never been back since. It also made me not want to eat a burrito from any other place. I slowly have eased my way back to enjoying burritos this year.
Nice enough room, but a real turn off when you check in, and the rim of the toilet still has urine spots on it from the last guy that stayed here, and did not aim well.  I would have thought house keeping would do  a better job in a place like this.
I visited this place twice and both times the woman at the register was rude. The food isn't that great and the chicken is cut in very small pieces.
Buffett sucks, have had way better Indian buffets down town. The wine selection is very good. The owner does take pride in wine.
This was the first time I ever ate here.  It was the most delicious sushi I have had in a while.  The staff is wonderful.  They kept making us different dishes to try.  I had the ayce.  Worth every penny.  Definitely going back soon.
Love this place! Every time we come in the owners are so kind and welcoming, not to mention the good is amazing!
This is my husband and I favorite casino!!! :) Loved the music, big chills, and slot machines:)
Service was not good, my burger was worse then something I could make in my own kitchen, and over all presentation wasn't very good. Trying to be nice as possible, so I will give them props on a good mint chocolate chip shake.
I and family were sooo disappointed  Worst hot dog ever! Taste like a boiled hot dog. .staff very rude! ! Don't bother, a waste of your money
I'm not real easy to impress but I do like this place a nice relaxed crowd a good selection of dance music and Beautiful Women Every ware! A must stop place for sure just be for warned drinks are not cheap!!! but you are in Vegas! surrounded by beautiful women! be aware they do have a dress code
This place deserves no stars. Zero customer service over the phone. Wouldn't redeem my yelp check in saying it needed to be printed out/ order a minimum of 10 wings when the deal clearly states with ANY wing purchase.
Service was mediocre at best. Food was incredibly poor quality: literally had a freezing cold French fry served to me. The only thing they have going for them is good beer selection. Thus, one star for the beer.
The rolls were soggy and drinks overpriced... it ruined the crappy crab cocktail I ordered.  The steamed clams were like RUBBER, galvanized for riding in the desert with hot asphalt roads.  I found no value, nor food quality.
The food was nothing short of phenomenal. The staff is nice, along with a great atmosphere and possibly the best happy hour menu around (3pm-close).
You will not be disappointed - great price and great service!!
I eat here all the time you get alot of food for a good price. The teriyaki chicken is very good. There macaroni salad is the best I've tasted out of the few island places I've had in the area. The crab puffs are also very good.
Terrible breakfast buffet. Cold eggs. No waffles. No muesli. Slow, disinterested service.
not really great for late night AYCE but the food was great overall although a la carte pricing is kinda expensive
Excellent food. Best Italian in Vegas. Highly recommend for breakfast and dinner. The price is so good you would think the food would be cheap but you would be mistaken. AM service was outstanding but the night crew could use some work. May have been an off night. Still worth the 5 stars.
A small casual cafe setting with yummy food and nice people.  My hubby orders the meat kabobs and I like the daily specials.  Never had a bad meal  Definitely go if you are in the area.
Such a great spot for a coffee along St. Denis! I had a coffee outside on the patio, which was a lovely spot to people-watch and enjoy a sunny summer afternoon. Inside there are lots of coffee bean options to bring home and brew yourself. Great atmosphere and high quality coffee.
Amazing gelato and awesome gelato!!!!! Best in las vegas!!! Really nice interior, super clean
It's Rubio's. 'Nuff said.
Found this gem of a place on yelp today! They had really great reviews so I thought why not. Bee did my nails and she did an amazing job! She takes her time and is very detail oriented. I would definitely recommend this place and Bee!
Maybe it's because I don't know my gelato, but I thought this place was just A-OK. There was nothing memorable or special about the gelato or the creamery shop.
I'm not a big yelper  but this place has gone so downhill is worth warning the masses.  I use to have faith in this place but no longer.   Horrible job,  long waits.  Go elsewhere
Bel endroit pour un brunch. Bonnes assiettes, belles portions.\nHipster mais on aime !!\n;)
DO NOT order from this place. I think this place is dishonest. \n\nThey did not inform me my order was backordered until I called to check the shipping status. I waited for a week - never receive any update from them, they did not ship my order. I canceled the order eventually.
Food is ok, but service is so so. The waitress is very impatient, as soon as we sit down the waitress wants to take our order. When we hesitate a bit, she gave us a look.\n\nThe food (dim sum) quality is ok, but selection is not that much. Three stars only.
Whenever I am hungry I can count on this place to send me out content! The food is great and there is such a wide variety to pick from. Not feeling like Asian food? No probelm! Pick from one of their Italian pastas! Sushi is great and I recommend the curry!
Love the Trio app great starter, margaritas are to die for, and the 5 jack mac and cheese, HEAVEN. Service... good luck with that one... but YUM. Best Margaritas in a restaurant chain ever!
Sign up and in went well.  I think the price is reasonable.  I had enough room to get into my space.  We'll see how things go when I go back for the first time to take it (60' of truck and travel trailer.\n\njjd\nCaptain\nMajor Airline
This place is phenomenal! I highly recommend the cajun red snapper, seasoned veggies , and red beans and rice. The waiter was incredibly polite and created a delightful dining experience.
I came here two weeks ago with my friend. I found that there is less variety of food. The service here was ok. I found it wrong that our server served the table drinks behind us when my friend and I were there before them.  My review is about the same as  my previous one, but minus one star for the service.
Very nice clean park with awesome little league baseball fields. Bathrooms on sight. Running trail leaves from here and runs along the wash.
Went by this shop yesterday on my way to the Sprint store, and saw that it is CLOSED!  Lights off, chairs stacked, and an Equity Lease sign in the window.  :(
unprofessional and expensive; manager had to track down and recall the worker Rick to have the ac work correctly; you have to stay on top of these people if you hire them to fix your ac... make sure the job is complete before they leave...
This is a 1980s Classic Italian place. From the food to the atmosphere t is 1980s all the way. Now they do it well but they need a menu overhaul and to fix that crime they call a cannoli.
Food is good fresh but the service is baaaaad..! Waiters too busy to explain you the menu
Liked the atmosphere good for watching sports. The food was not too great- pad Thai noodles were just ok. Sushi was average. The sake red merlot sangria was pretty good. \n\nWould not come back again.
I was less than impressed. The meatballs were greasy and very bland. The price was extremely high for food that was bland and not impressive. Based on the reviews I was excited to try, but I will stick to Olive Garden or even Stouffers lasagna.
This club sucks!!! I walked in and stayed 5 mins. The doormen are disrespectful!!! They let my girl go right in and tried to make me wait, I guess he was trying to flirt with her. I ended up moving a party of 50 people from LAX to club hopping the strip.
ummmmm... it's a buffet inside a casino... do you need to read a review?\noh ya, its cheap! ...and im talking about the quality of food!  but i will eat here regardless cause i dont give a shi* like that...
A Sunday tradition... great dim sum, inexpensive, awesome.  \n\n'nuff said.
I haven't been to \"TI\" (sigh) since they've gotten rid of the pirates, but it used to be a pretty hip casino with full-strength free cocktails and a lovely skull decor.  I'll post an update the next time I get a chance to check it out.
The food is not that great or cheap. I've tried the nachos, rolled tacos, and enchiladas. My husband usually gets a burrito.  Without fail the food always upsets our stomachs, but we keep going back. Not sure why.  The green sauce is good. Service is always good too.
We came here after the movies and everyone's dinner was very good. I love their baked wings, the pizzas were delicious, and my calzone was excellent. \n\nThe service was very quick and extremely friendly. We will definitely come here again!
Slow service, and even slower waiter.. Found a hair in my salad, shared that with my server and no  apology but he did  ask if I wanted another one.. Really? Ok not coming back here again...\nOh he did comp the salad..
45 minute wait for a take out order. Tried calling it in, but now I see why it didn't work. Even the manager is ignoring the phone.
i went to watch Madagascar 3D, the place is nice but the employees looked like they were tired, the prices are higher than other movie theaters.\nThe place was clean but had a weird smell.
Best coffee in town - and they are SO friendly and helpful.  I really love this coffee and the fact that their drive-thru is fast.  I am so excited that they've opened this location because there wasn't one near our house - and now we have a local Dutch Bros!  This coffee rocks and the staff are spectacular!
Crazy expensive, super fun, no photos, mediocre drinks. \n\nWas worth the spend for a fun experience and that nifty bear hat, but the no photos that really pissed me off.
My opinion of this place has improved since first moving to Urbana. Their espresso drinks are high quality, and they have an excellent selection of teas and pastries. Also, their sandwiches are really good. Make sure to try their oatmeal cookies!
Management staff sucks! Don't go here
Always friendly and fast service with great recommendations from the kitchen. We're here 3-4 times a month!
The blandest worst tasting food ever. I wish i had more teriyaki sauce to cover the blandness of the food. Has no taste.
Had a chicken parm sandwich on wheat bread for lunch. It was quite delicious! My meal tasted very fresh, and the bread has to be made fresh in-house, it was very good. I will absolutely be going back - a half sandwich is a very reasonable price.
I gave this place a couple of tries and each time I went I was not satisfied. The presentation of the food was dull, the service was not that great, and the food tasted cheap and not fresh. I do not recommend this sushi place to anyone!!!
I've done a little gambling here and did ok. I like the movie theater, that's pretty much why I go here. $2 bud or bud light and $1 hot dogs is sweet.
Buzz BBQ  had some pretty solid BBQ.  We got the sampler platter and we got a ton of great food for pretty cheap.  Definitely worth a try!
this place rules, just got delivery crazy fast and food was excellent.
To call this fish and chips is SOOO wrong.  Its nothing like fish and chips should be.  Go to George and Dragon in Phoenix if you want real fish and chips.  Greasy squares of fish is disgusting.
Freezer-burnt ice cream. Blech!!!!
Great food and awesome service. Very happy they are back in business. Love the new location. Been there  5 times. The food was good and it came out fast. The servers and busers were fast and courteous. Best service ever.
ordered a birthday cake for my sons 1st birthday. it was awful and overpriced. the design was something a teeange boy couldve done and they didn't listen to what we wanted at all!
there is no good mexican food in AZ. This place is by far the best place I've found, the fajitas r good, the nachos r good, the chicken flautas r good. No complaints, I will be back several more times...
Very nice service, free samples, good portions, and most importantly good food! Must save room for the coconut bark.\n#goodfoodbra
This place rocks. The staff is awesome and their nail work is unbeatable. I will be back!
My husband and I really liked the revolving sushi concept. It was a great way to try different and new sushi for a very reasonable price. We had nine different items and already have several we want to try on our next visit. There's plenty of variety and it's perfect for trying new items.
Von's has gone down hill in the past couple of years. Long lines and crappy attitudes and service from the employees. But that's OK because now you can go across the street and shop at Glazier's!!!
Don't let the name fool you, this place is definitely more tex-mex than Mexican. The margaritas are strong and the food is tasty (regardless of its authenticity). Our waiter was really friendly and was on top of our empty glasses throughout lunch.
great service, amazing staff, they know their stuff.....whatever it is they have everything i need and even stuff i didn't know i needed
The place is nice, but had a awkward feel, uneasy. Not a fan of the food at all. The taco tasted way to burnt. The only thing good would be the dessert.
First night in Las Vegas. Decided to go with a familiar favorite from back home but not all locations are the same quality. This location seems to be struggling.  Chicken is just ok compared to the quality of Popeye's back home. Pass on the corn which was inedible
Very good pub food. Had the Pub Spots, Deviled Eggs and Crisps I recommend this place.
Coffee bean has good coffee and I love the ice blended drinks. I'm rating it low because of the service. I went once through the drive thru and no one attempted to take my order. It was disappointing.
Great atmosphere and great service. Food always hits the spot when your need some irish pub classics.
The wait at this place is ridiculous. There may be no one ahead of me and I still feel like they take their sweet time. I recommend calling ahead if you come to this location.
What more can you ask?\n\nIt is at a convenient location, within walking distance from college campuses. It is cheap with large portions, and fast service. Americanized Chinese food, but as a broke college student, it is great for a college budget! Not exceptional, yet not poor. Food is pretty comparable with Lulu's
Dr. Carmolli and staff are very patient and take the time to respond to all questions.  Have been going to 2020 for a number of years and have always been treated professionally.  Well trained staff.
Have been going here a lot recently - they never disappoint! And now we found out their patio is dog friendly - we love it even more! \n\nThe food is always great, and the margaritas are tasty, and cheap. They are ALWAYS friendly! Love them!!
love the new location...as always staff and management is awesome...and the food is OFF THE CHAIN!!! thanks also to contributing to help the needy.
Only done take out here.  I have been impressed with the counter service and the food keeps us comeing back.
Really, the appeal is the view, which is fantastic.  The food was ok.  The atmosphere was ok.
We came here with a groupon for two hours for up to six people. We had so much fun at Brunswick Kyrene Lanes, though our two pitchers of soda cost us more than our groupon. I'd come back, but with a groupon/living social/deal chicken voucher.
Super nice folks. Super tough and flavorless Brisket. Sadly.\n\n Their bBQ sauce seems to be mostly brown sugar. Super super sweet.
Good food, but they are so slow. I think they need to realize that lunch at a counter service place needs to be served quickly. I keep coming back every few months to see if they have improved, once they do I will be eating lunch here at least every week or two.
The service is so horrible the bar tenders are ridiculous. They are so rude and stated they don't care who comes here! They said they are to good for Scottsdale!?!?
I love a breakfast place that has healthy options and free pie :-)
Food was good, not great but I loved that they had so many different types of bottled soda. Would come back, if not for just a soda!
I've been coming here for a while now and have to say im never let down. Food and service have always been impeccable.
review based on customer service. Was essentially ignored. Ready to make a couple of purchases but no one bothered to ask me if I needed assistance after half an hour at the store, and this place was pretty empty. That said it is a beautiful store.
.will never use desert cab again.  they left me stranded in Centennial Hills
It's an airport, but free WiFi that is pretty decent.  Hard to complain, it's a necessity.  It's clean, decent selection of restaurants, and when I'm there it looks better because of my whippin cool sweat headband, yeah, you can find me.
Very disappointed. The dosas were greasy, sambar too salty, idlis dense. On top of all this, they are expensive and in no way eco-friendly. All items were served on styrofoam. Since when can restaurants not wash a few dishes? Never returning.
The food was good but the service was TERRIBLE.  I waited 27 minutes in the drive thru to get my meal.  I ordered the se\u00f1or combo without any special requests.  That's it.  The cashier never mentioned an apology for the wait.  I will not go back
The recent renovations are great but has the service gotten worse? It took an hour for us to get our food. The simple pho I ordered had one piece of meat. I was disappointed cause usually this place is great. I hope it was just a bad day.
Delicious! The food and service was excellent. Everything is made from scratch. The owners are so nice and welcoming. They really make you feel like you're at home. I'm definitely coming back again!
Dry, skimpy and tasteless.  Like shoe leather and expensive.  Skip it entirely and go to Chipotle across the freeway.  Waste of money.
Blackened chicken is amazing!
Stopped going to this office since the atmosphere wasn't very modern and up to date. They said I needed work done but were going to charge $300 more than my new office. Glad I switched to another place.
The people in the pharmacy here are pretty rude but other than that I love this Costco. I've been shopping at this Costco for a couple of years and it's always a good experience.  Bit of advice: Don't go to Costco without a list or you'll leave with way more than you need!
Excellent service, very clean, great food. Ask for TK to be your server great service. Order the Pork Adobo and Pancit so good. Will definitely try again.
Always a very good quanity of trucks to choose from. Quickly get you out and checked in.
Pizza is yummy -- fresh and not greasy.  The beer selection is varied.   The  decor is welcoming.  The staff is really friendly.  I tried to come up with a more amusing review, but when a restaurant is fun and the food is tasty, there is nothing much to say except try it!!
My kids are a HUGE fan of this carwash, they actually ask me to go so they can play in the cool kids area and with the foam canon they can aim at cars going through the wash. Not to mention my van comes out sparkling clean :)
I get take out from here every so often. Great consistency and value. I'm not a fan of how the dining room is set up, however, this has not been an issue since I have only ordered to go.
best best best! been there a few times and it's always the best i've ever had :)
Very posh looking.  Totally inviting atmosphere.  But way too expensive for what they offer.  A glass of wine will cost you 20 bucks here.
The place is nice, but you do expect more especially when it has Mario Batali's name involved. The portions are also small for the price you pay. The dishes are good but you want more.
Incredible church and architecture. Those who took photos during service inside are daring.
Love coming here for lunch and dinner! Perfect for a lunch hour and good options to choose from and now offer pizza during lunch time. Absolutely love going here for dinner and the ambiance is so cozy and relaxing. Also love the fact that they have live music playing in the evenings
Consistently Good.Been to several around the states and never been disapointed.Great beer and beer selection.Both the food and finger food good also.Im usually get appetizers only and focus on the beer.
The pizza muffins are to die for :)
They were stingy with their portions and the chow main tasted smoky. But the Beijing chicken was good as always =)
Bland food and warm beer.
The Royal Red Robin burger is the best, it's a great burger WITH a fried egg on it, could it get any better?\nFun, family style restuarant
This place was recommended to me and I finally got to try it. Awesome food and great service. Will be back!
I stopped at this KFC/Taco Bell on my way home one time and they were out of most of the KFC menu.  The drive-thru cashier was rude and very short with me and offered no options for me when each of the first 3 items I tried to order were already sold out.  Not going back.
Upgrading Marty's - have gone back and while service is still mediocre and somewhat slow, the food really is well prepared - and it's always fresh, seasonal and delicious. This would be a five if their service could catch up to the atmosphere and food.
Great service, decent biscuits and gravy. But I wasn't quite as impressed by the experience as I was led by friends to think I would be. I think I prefer Cracker Barrel.
Had an 8:45 reservation on open table.  Arrived at 8:35 and told there would be a 1-1.5 hour wait.  Can't rate it because we couldn't get in.  I guess that means it popular but still made for a crappy first experience.
regular food, liked the house music!
Dirty and small.  Not laid out well.  Expired items on the shelves.  Rude cashiers.  Self check out usually broken.  Horrible experience more than once.  I don't shop here unless I have to.
fantastic food. I haven't had Mongolian in years. this location did more than hit the spot. great prices.
Food = Amazing\nService = Amazing\nOwner, Nick, is so nice and attentive to everyone who walks through the door!
We stayed here for a few nights in the summer. Check-in was easy, and they upgraded our room to a very spacious suite. The amenities were excellent, and it was nice to come back to a comfortable, quiet room after spending a lot of time (And money) on The Strip!
Good, solid joint. Good BBQ, great sides, espcecially the fried squash. Beer specials, and a full bar. Fun vibe, a few bikes but not a biker bar.
I've stopped in twice during normal hours and was told they were currently not serving?!?! If third try is a charm, we may never know.
I went to this place for lunch and It was terrible. They do not have lunch specials how they claimed on their signs. their menu was small and nothing special. I would not recommend this place unless you just want to drink.
Just ok. Overpriced, slow service and questionable portions.
The hotel is pretty nice and the staff are helpful.  two complaints: the wireless internet is very slow, and the housekeeping staff is very loud and woke everyone up in my room - they spoke very loudly and were throwing things around for about 45 minutes.  we called and complained.
Had my daughters 10th bday party there and it was great. I  would recommend this place to anyone..
After I listed my comment, the owner contacted me and apologized via email. Being a busy bride I didn't have the time to make contract. We still ended up going with another bakery, but it was nice to know that they tried to correct the issues.
It's coffee. I'm more or less giving the rating for it's \"crowd\". The location can't get beat. However, having to fight for parking and having to fight for a seat between cabbies and bums outside is a nightmare.
Express pedi means polish only!
My wife and I had an awesome time with my wife. The food was awesome and the drink selection was impressive. The service was great, we will be back!
oh my god worst pizza I've ever had. Tasted worse than school cafeteria pizza. Ordered a small at 2 bites and immediately stopped eating. DISGUSTING
Don't do it... Save you're money for the M resort Studio B buffet it might be off the strip and 15mins away but its worth it. Spice Market was mediocre and costly for absolutely no selection. I should of read the reviews before going there...Shame on me!!
Disgusting.  Locker rooms disgusting, smelly.  Equipment is old and reeks of sweat and disgust.  Horrible.  I went once and refused to go back.  I travel 2 miles further to the Peoria location which is much nicer.
Average food at best. Service was painfully slow and when it was around it felt like there was a language barrier (and I actually do NOT believe that was the case). Not quite the twilight zone but it must be a boarder town.
Yes, it is amazing with awesome HD screens. Loungy, with very new hip vibe. But for a $50 MINIMUM per person, per game, this place is not worth it. The staff had no patience, even though place was dead on Saturday afternoon during CFB season
Fast, efficent and available. My son came in with a fractured finger tip and within an hour he had a splint and xray and was out the door.
I tried the Tuna Salad Salad earlier today, and it was perfect! Plus, the bread they served on the side was to die for.  I have been here several times over the years and they have consistently put out a quality product - Good Job!
It was ok. Not a huge selection.  Caesars palace has the best buffet in Vegas.
better than a buffet? i think so! if you are ever in vegas you have to stop by here and try their chicken sage egg benedit. it was on man vs. food and i can finish a whole plate by myself! haha it was pretty delciious if i must say so myself.
Wtf is this! Ok I'm alllll for BOGO. However, my sushi was the size of a dime.... Not worth my money. Maybe I should have purchases fried rice! At least my server was cool.
Everyone should eat here if they want to get really bad Food Poisoning and almost die!!!!
This my favorite Chipotle in Vegas. The food is always great, friendly service, and when I order for pickup it is always ready. I would highly recommend ordering in advance though or you may encounter a line out the door.
horrible awful terrible horrifying sickening horrid!!!!! i just left there minutes ago after the worst lip wax ever. do not come here stay far away awful awful awful go anywhere else.
Why does yelp force us to at least give one star? Yelp should realize some places deserve a negative rating. This place is one of them. Overpriced, badly cooked.
great road food  be prepared to see some weird sites\n\nwas back  aug.22 109 out side  60 inside had one of the best\npatty melts ever  chispy and gressey it was great.
The driver was really nice but he had to call me a couple of times for directions to my house.
Tr\u00e8s ordinaire un paquet d'\u00e9pice servie dans une assiette rien de gastronomique! Une chance j'avais une bouteille de vin pour faire passer \u00e7a !
I love this place! Awesome food and service. Unending supply of perfectly seasoned meats. Chef Michael really knows how to do it.
Went in around lunch time and the place is tiny, had to wait about 10 minutes just to sit down somewhere... The food was excellent, just felt rushed and crammed into a small location.\n\nOh and they have free ice cream, which is delicious.
I will still come to Jersey to try the real thing but this place is a huge swing and a miss! Buddy if you're going to branch out get on top of this place quick. Take more time on getting the taste down and not working about presenting it in a perfect box.
disappointing. brisket was dry. mac and cheese was cold. to be honest, little pricey for the amount of food you get
This place was amazing the decor and the atmosphere, it had a lot of energy the food and service was top notch. There is a nightclub also in the the place it appears to be one of the hottest spots on the Vegas strip we had a wonderful time this is a keeper.
Cheap prices.great food..noodle dishes are what you order here
Worst service ever.  Don't order from Lumber Liquidators.  They tell you 7 to 10 days for delivery but it takes close to 21 days.  Even though their warehouse is in Pomona, Ca.\n\nEvery person gives you a different story and corporate is no better.  Worst experience ever.
Only place to grab a quick meal and a glass of wine before we flew back to LA. It was meh...Will I go back? Possibly for another glass of wine. Wings were meh...
Mauvais service et les employer manque de respect. Je vous recommande de faire 5 minutes d'auto afin d'aller \u00e0 un autre iga.
One of my favorite spots for any time , any day of the week ! Everything here is yummy and delicious ! The staff is always awesome ! If I could give this place more stars - I would ! :)
We brought in our cat for vaccinations and again when he had swelling on his paw. I love this place! Everyone here really loves animals and it shows. Dr. Edwards took care of our cat, and she was very kind and informative. The prices are reasonable, too. I'm so glad we found this veterinary clinic.
I just can't get into this place. Maybe it is because the prices are a bit high and the menu a bit limited? It's just \"meh\" to me.
We had really poor, slow, unfriendly service and the food (breakfast potatoes in particular) was obviously from a freezer bag. Tasteless, low-quality food.  Would not go back again.
Worst Ross ever!! Hard to find and it is always empty and never good finds. after a few trips I will not going back to this one!!
This was my first time here..Food was delicious and the service was exceptional. (Try there Jalapeno Margarita, YUM!) A manager even came around and greeted tables. Now that's what I call COSTUMER SERVICE!! Definitely coming back!!!
The food is awesome. I love the fish tacos and the creamy chipotle chicken. The only downside to the restaurant is the servers & the cleanliness... Or lack there of..if the waitress's became a little nicer and the restaurant a little cleaner..I think they would increase in ratings and business.
Expect to wait for a while. The burgers are OK and the tables are usually dirty because the place is understaffed. The price is OK but it does feel a bit overpriced considering the wait and the service.
I have lived lifetimes in the place. Great place to take years off your life, it's all worth it. Atmosphere, food, drinks, gambling. Heaven.
Will not be going back to this location again. Ordered a pastrami sandwich and opened it up because it was literally leaking in oils and sauce and there was a dark thick long hair in my sandwich in the coslaw ! Disgusting :(
Staff is always friendly !\n\n\nFood is always fresh and hot! \n\nI am a fast food junkie waiting for my metabolism to catch up to me.\n\nI have had everything from their chicken strips to the burgers and it is always cooked fresh !
I absolutely love this place.  My whole family loves the food.  The staff is always super friendly.  The service is usually remarkable.
I loved the apple fritter!
The only reason I give this place a 3 star is cause our waiter was awesome. It was near closing time but he still served us & gave us his recommendations on the menu as if he had all the time in the world. The food wasn't as great as the menu and the other reviews made it sound.
Bought local chocolate  Gail Ambrosious chocolate truffles here.  From Gail or Willy St. It's 22.00.  Here?  26.99.  Wow, 25% markup after retail????  Whole paycheck.
Walked in and couldn't believe the interior. Everyone says it's a must if your in Vegas so we went. I think that saying is just based on the weird interior. The food was solid but not out of this world. 24-hour availability also probably helps this place stay popular.
This was the nastiest so called resort I have ever stayed in the rooms are nasty house keeping don't clean shit every thing was filthy . The management  don't care about customer service. We complained to them they didn't do anything about the house keeping. I would not recommended this place to anyone ever.
There drive-thru is really slow late at night but there new late night combs are so yummy.
This place is perfect for lunch. Service is insanely friendly. Food is delicious. They give you a lot, so you can take the leftovers to eat later.\n\nHad never eaten there before, but owner guided me to the perfect meal. This will definitely be one of my lunch spots.
The worst management ever.  Plus poor classes and aerobic equipment and no amenities. Only Ok for weight resistance and they are better gyms in the area for that. Again management and employees' attitude and care are extremely poor starting with the manager himself.
Stopped in to have a drink on my way home from work, bar tender was friendly...Can't really attest to anything else. Didn't order food but will try next time
Brand new and poorly designed. If you're going to NYC, make sure to arrive an hour early, it gets very busy, no matter the day or the time you're leaving. There is only one caf\u00e9, so you'd better bring your own food.
Some people at my office order a couple sandwiches hours in advance of the scheduled delivery time. It's been an hour since delivery time, I called and they told me it should be here any minute.. it's been a half hour since then. I normally love jimmy johns but I'll never order deliver from this one again.
Thank you Yelpers once again for pointing me in the right direction! This place is incredible! I tried all the \"must have\" from everyone's advice, and had a great meal. Very good neighborhood izakaya restaurant. \n\nI'm definitely going back there the next time I go to Vegas!
We enjoyed this buffet. It was a little too pricey considering the Bellagio (which is awesome) is only a few dollars more. But there was quite a variety of items, and staff were pleasant. Not sure if I would return with all the other options on the strip.
Really hoped for more. Not worth the extra dollars. Love the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant, but the hotel just didn't live up to my hopes.
Out of 5:\n\n2.0 - three spices tea\n4.0 - Rangoon noodles: delicate flavor for a kind that is easily overdone\n3.5 - curry chicken noodles: much better when we ordered a side of extra sauce.  cilantro adds a nice dimension
Almost as bad as Boswell. Almost.
Big brilliant memorable Las Vegas show without a bad seat in the house! Truly all equal in this theater.
If you like it slow and stinky this is the place.  And I like fast food when I'm at airports :(
Andi is so funny. We hit it off right away! I will return again. Prices are super reasonable and the staff act like family but in a fun way.
Lasagna pizza? Wow, tastes just like lasagna. Highly recommended! Only on lunch slices menu though.
My favorite chinese food.  I'm super picky and this place has the best chicken and green beans.  The portions could feed another person as well but perfect for lunch the next day!
Must try.\n\nOnly thing I find wrong with it is that sometimes they rotate flavors out, so your favorite flavor may be gone one day and there the next. I've asked and I think they said its a weekly thing(?).\n\nNext to Saigon 8 and LVAC
I drove by 2 breakfast joints on Scottsdale Rd on Sat. am and the wait was 25mins.  Then it dawned on me that The Herb Box was in Old Town.  YEAH!  We walked right in, we were seated.  What a great place, cozy and great patio and the food was great, as always!
Good location,  nice place, but food is terrible. We are disapointed to Chicken Parm and crab cake. Don't recommend and will never come back.
I have to say the staff IS very friendly, and the place was very clean, but the food was a COMPLETE disappointment. :( I waited 45 minutes for 4 microwave (reheated) empanadas and tamales.  The gentleman that give me the food did apologize for the wait!
Unfortunately didn't get the pizza but will absolutely return for it.  I went for lunch got the chicken caprese which was great, side of giardiniera.  Great beer selection as well. Pizza does look a little pricey but looked amazing. Atmosphere was relaxed and casual.
Order the beer lol !!!!
I'm confused by all the high ratings.  I've had plenty of good Mexican while in and around Phoenix but this was definitely on the low end.   I did find out after from some locals this is more the end of night drunk food stop.  Eh well.
Ashlee is always great, gets me all the info I need and helps in anyway she can for all my insurance needs.
I was totally not impressed with this restaurant. The pizza tasted like it had been in the heating window for a long time before it was served....like hours. I was also not impressed with the price of the beer, $7 and $8 a pint. Not worth the trip!
Horrible, horrible horrible. We got a driver in training on our way to the airport. She didn't even know where to go or what to do. She got off on multiple wrong exits and made wrong turns. Never use this taxi service.
They are like robots because they have no human compassion and see everything in black and white.
Too institutional.  Out of a can, bag, box, or freezer.  Parking is very limited.  Not a fan.
The worst cleaner ever.  When I arrived to pick up my jacket, it was still in their dirty laundry basket.  I will never go back.  This place is unorganized & messy!
This is my go-to store for boutique style soap. The prices are awesome. I always seem to find something for my house that I didn't know I needed, although my husband often vetoes a lot of the cool stuff I find. They have a great selection of stuff, and it gets changed up every few months.
Like most Phoenix restaurants, you can't judge by the outside.  You walk in and it is transformed into a warm inviting living room.  I loved the seafood options and really loved the margaritas- too much so.
There wasn't anything clean in this hotel. The front lobby is as good as it gets. The elevator was the first indication of it being untaken care of. It only got worse from there. I was very disappointed in the cleanliness of the room. I usually love La Quinta but this one seeds some serious TLC.
i always come in late night for an omlett!! DELICIOUS.. also their cinnamon pancakes are bomb! but -1 star because they dont cut their lemons correctly.. and they have the best french fries in the world!!
Went here for breakfast twice during a 2 day stay in Montreal. The food was absolutely fantastic and the ingredients were very fresh. Everything was arranged on the plate with many different components each adding their own flavor and contribution to the overall meal. \n\nI would definitely go to this place again if I happen to find myself in this great city.
They charged me for my supposed\" free pot of bread\" that you get by checking in on yelp.
This location is good  nothing special about it but over all the service is good and food is OK.
Delivery was timely. Wings were cooked nice and crispy, however they were very skimpy on the sauce.
If you ever inside Mirage Hotel come check out Stack Restaurant. The food is amazing, great atmosphere with live Dj, or just stop by the bar great bartenders( Kristi, Susan) are fast and Courteous!!!  I have to say the food is a little pricey, it's worth every penny!  My favorite the chicken wings
Had the crab cake eggs Benedict with hash browns. The crab cake was good but the hollandaise sauce had no flavor, needed some lemon and seasoning. I had to add salt and Tabasco to give it some flavor. I also tried a half order of their corn flake French toast and that was amazing!!
nooo DD will have to improve much more! After my little doughnut tour in the west coast, a DD will never compare to a mighty or a vodoo
I've been several times. The foods good, portions are big and the service is usually pretty good. You will get the occasional bad service if they are super busy. I won't come here on the weekends because it's too busy and the food isn't good enough to warrant waiting that long.
The staff was friendly and told me where I could go to find what I wanted.  I appreciated the information.
They actually have really good cheese and peperoni pizza :) I'm not a fan of their white pizza, though. I had a bacon burger once, it was good but nothing to write home about. Although, they have a \"tomato jam\" for the burger that is absolutely awesome! Will definitely be eating here again.
If you come here to dine in close to closing time DO NOT sit in the back section or you will get scolded by the Latina hussie behind the counter.
Had their surf n turf. Though not bad, found it very unimpressive. Just a restaurant filled with poser faces.
Excellent food! Clean and friendly atmosphere. They have an excellent website that allows customers to order on line and your order is ready when you arrive. We have only had carry out, have not dined in but it looks like a very comfortable place to dine in as well. Excellent all around!
Customer service is great! Food is amazing!  Environment is fun! Will definitely come again!
This is one of the best pizza joints out there!!  They have wonderful pizza dough.  The sauce is amazing! The sandwiches (i've heard) are very good.  Still need to try those!
Pot roast fries are to die for. Great vibe and decor. Lots of beers on tap. Prices are a bit on the expensive side. However, portions seem to be big. It's a great place to hang out after work or to just grab a drink with friends.
Duck sandwich is super!\nGot here because they picked my Bixi key on street, they called and returned it back to me. Super nice guys. And it's a good chance to try it out. The duck Sandwich is super. I will come back with my girlfriend.
Carrot cake cupcake: pretty good.\n\nMonkey bread: hard as a rock on the outside, and just okay in the middle.\n\nThat said, the decor is very cute, and the guy that was working was very nice.
Cuppa solid coffee. Yes, I was into my latte. But I gotta say I was not so much into the vibes. The place needs a bit of love and style. Not exactly a comfy cool place to hang out or read in or study. Close proximity to the park makes it a go-to pit stop.
Pretty tasty. I got a single scoop of chocolate. Yeah, I know boring, right? But it was chocolate done right. Very creamy and chocolaty. My two complaints would be that the chocolate custard seemed to start melting as soon as it hit the cone, and the cone was a bit stale. .
:D\n*5 Stars* Great check in staff and flights out of here has always been on time for me. Nuff said! ;)
The show was the standard onion volcano and spinning eggs. The food was nothing special as it went from bland to weirdly seasoned back to bland. \nAwesome wait staff helped the score but the price and overall food experience means I most likely return.
I've been here about 4 times. Tonight service was subpar, but other times excellent. The same goes for the food tonight. Mondays :(
Wow what a quiet hidden gem in the middle of a loud casino. Food, service, outdoor patio all A++ amazing place for lunch on the patio overlooking golf course and waterfall.
Fast and cheap tasty food. I like the chicken curry over rice for only 4.95!!  Also the mango pudding for dessert is delicious and only $1.25. I came here because Monta was a ridiculously long wait and it ended up being great.
Nice shop with experienced barbers. One visit so far, but an excellent cut with an excellent taper in the back. \nStraight razor neck shave with cream and Oster massage at the end.\nHighly recommend Darwin the barber.
Ashly our waitress was awesome! Great food great service. Thank you so much, we will be back.
Yet another of our favorite neighbourhood restaurants. Pricey yet the staff are friendly and the meals are delicious.
I love Scramble. The food is good and the price is reasonable. But what it really gets 5-stars for is the service. The service is always outstanding, especially from Mike.
So I have now been here for pedi's several times.  The service is consistent.  Never a wait, always clean and the staff is friendly.  All in all it is now my go to place for pedi's.  Try it.
Solid. Portion sizes are moderate but very tasty. Prices are very reasonable.
Great food! Great ambience! One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas! Make sure to check out the club after dinner!
Love, love, love the new look after the remodeling. And the place is more than twice the size of what it was before! No more long lines, even during tourist season.  Same great food and service are still there.
A friend of mine and I enjoyed breakfast here a few months ago.  The restaurant is bright and airy, the service is good and the food was good too.  We enjoyed omelettes with fruit and hot tea.
Great sushi, the food presentation is very well done. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Only complaint is the music is horrible, dance club music is not appropriate for restaurants.
I love going to this place they have good drinks, good music, tons of parking and a overall good vibe. If you are looking for a place to do a little dancing, drinking and mingling come here.
First gave it a four star because it is absolutely yummy but we the customer service was awful.  Saw two clients wait about fifteen minutes to pay and no one was in there.
Solid Italian restaurant.  Nothing fancy or special, just the classic staples.  We usually get pizza for take-out from here and it's definitely good, but not the best I've had.  Overall, I would recommend it.
Service was Horrible, Food was Cold, Drinks were Hot!  Just plain Lousy.\nVery Disappointing!  Go to Prime Steak House instead @ the Bellagio
Expensive
Great service, great food. Our waitress was very nice. I love their fries and love even more that they are bottomless. They would have gotten 5 stars but I swallowed a lemon seed that was hiding on the bottom of peach tea and i think its still stuck in my throat. LOL
Really disappointed. I was super pumped to try this place out after the weekly wrote them as one of the ten best burgers in town. It was like $32 for two burgers and two ice teas witch is fine if the food is good,but the burgers where meh as best.
Love the pizza here!
Very good for breakfast.  Good food for an excellent price.  Many regulars that make you feel like you are at a family .
Awesome food. Awesome service. The popcorn chicken is a must to try. It's been close to 20 yrs since I tried stinky tofu, tried it at Pot Tea, wasn't disappointed. Going to bring some friends here next time. Two thumbs up.
This place has a decent burger, drive thru is broken though. Weird.
Avacado cucumber roll is the best I've ever had. Small portions but phoenominal. Even though it is in a dumpy casino, don't be fooled!
Greatest turkey burger on the planet, the pastrami is to die for, great service, great food, a bit pricey but well worth it and sure beats room service.  The chicken blt was great as well as the chicken fingers.  Great place to dine or take out.  Highly recommend this place.
Tried dinner there on a coupon. Overall a good experience, but not the caliber steakhouse the prices imply. Great martinis.
Marco is an amazing chef, everything is from scratch, and the white table clothes and small but quaint atmosphere is very nice. The seafood risotto was melting in my mouth! My mother and I love to go to Marco's!
Pizza looks amazing..... but what I really got was bad customer service, cold pizza, cold bread knot, and ice water that cost me $1.50\n\nIMO secret pizza is better
seriously, this place is 4 star. I think there's a secret in making boba. Definitely this is not the place. How can anybody mess up a watermelon slush!  Yikes! Donot come here for boba please!
Don't go here.  STAY AWAY and tell your fellow pet owners. I never post  messages but have to worn people. The owner was very rude and my dog haircut was terrible. She said they trimmed his nails but they did not do it.  STAY AWAY My fellow pet lovers. God Bless
Not impressed. Very drab ambiance and the food wasn't that great. Nothing to set it apart from any other Italian places. I don't think I'll be back.
The food & wine are good & happy hour is great, but, as nice as our waitress was, she brought our wine & appetizer, but our pizza never materialized.
This is definitely my favorite smoothie spot! I love the low cal varieties of smoothies and the turkey avocado sandwich. I can usually only eat half of the sandwich and half of the smoothie so it is nice to have left overs for later.
Eh we've had better. Way better. Place looked liked a prepubescent teenagers bedroom - messy and dirty. Drinks barely had any ice. Over priced for what it was. Won't be back.
E
I had a great time having dinner here.\n\nIt is little bit pricey, but the ambience was worth it. The food was okay, and the taste was elevated by the ambience.\n\nAfter the dinner, go to the patio, and have a seat at the sofa and enjoy the view.
A lot of flavors and toppings to choose from! They even have non dairy flavors! Yummy! Will return to this one. I feel like I ate a decent amount for what I paid! :)
Went twice since opening. Both times ended up with bubble guts. The last trip (today) I couldn't even make it home. \n\nWill not be back. And I grew up loving and craving Mongolian BBQ, but I can't stomach this place. *pun intended*
service sucks today! our server is too lazy to check on us but when he brought the bill is different.. took us 10mins before we ask for a drink/order.. need to wave for refill of our drink.. they are not busy at all..
Could be four or five stars but for the service.  We have gone here many times but if they don't closely supervise the teenagers working for them  there are too many mishaps.
Cheapest place in town!  This place does a good job with dry cleaning.  When you take your clothes to get laundered, they come out with stains, and broken buttons constantly!  Luckily, they always make good and replace the shirts, but it gets a little ridiculous when you can't find the same shirt again!
PizzA was pretty good, happy hour is a pretty good
Alex Landeros extremely helpful today as I made my 3rd visit here today. Always friendly and helpful staff.
Poor service, bad menu, and worse food. It's no wonder the UK is not known for their food. A disappointing dinner experience. Never again!
can be better.
I am always in the Delta terminal.  Good shop choices before security, but once you are past security don't expect much.   It seems like the security lines are always LONG!  They have at least 6 security scanners, yet they only ever have 2 open.  Expect a long wait so get here early!
Worst experience I've ever had in my life at the Carolina place mall beware!!! The receptionists are very rude and one of them hung up on me before telling me that maybe she might get back to me? What kind of business are these people trying to run?
Sand F. said it right. I used to frequent this joint every week for several years back in 1999/2000. Glad to see they are there still. \n\nExcellent unique food. Try a slappy bag.
Pretty decent for airport nachos. The $7 coronas are cold but come on. Oh yeah - it's in the airport.
Ate here a few months ago on vacation. If I remember correctly, I ordered the poboy. Messy and DELICIOUS. Definitely need to check it out again next time I'm out here.
I love Vietnamese food but this is by far the worst....I ordered the pho soup with shrimp, there was no salt in my soup what so ever and had to pay $18. My soup ended up in the trash after I put so much salt in it but it didn't work. It was nasty
You CANNOT go to Vegas & not stop by this place.  It's as iconic of a place then any of the casinos.  Place is HUGE w/ anything you'd ever want.
Great auto spa. The guys that work hete are very helpful and hand brushed my car without my asking..very nice they also have no touch car wash, no brushes. I really like this place
Awesome time with the family. I mean the tequilla didn't hurt, but it was good food, good music and live entertainment.  Mt three boys loved the dancing betty in a swimsuit.  Kinda pricey though.
Too heavy, too complicated.  Nice decor, but I felt the environment was Las Vegas formula, but without the extra important unique features to set it apart from other establishments.  I think its great for a beginner's \"let's go fancy one once\" kind of meal, but flat if you're a veteran to dining out.
you get what you pay for.
Went back again since we came 2 town 4 a  convention. AGAIN! Best massage ever, price aside....but for $28!! Amazing! I couldn't help but snoring! Best EVER!! I wish this place was in SD, Ca
Life changing.  I literally cried.  I went in a bit tipsy and came out sober and awe struck.  Simply unbelievable.  Worth every penny.  Doesn't even need a story line for what these people are accomplishing in this show.
My husband is from Raglan, NZ and he said Lola's had the best lattes he has ever had! My mocha was delicious too :) chocolate didn't over power the coffee.\n\nIf you get there early, they usually have banana bread or zucchini bread that tastes yummy.
Hands down the best cheesesteak you can get in the valley. Family owned and delicious!
A few of us went here for lunch on a Friday and while the food was very good the service was very slow and inattentive.   \n\nI had the Blue Petit Mignon and the portion size was just right for lunch.
It's one of the best causal dinning places in the Valley!
Had my carpets, tile , and grout cleaned and they exceeded my expectations! My tile especially its night and day difference. Luiz and his staff were friendly and professional. I will be recommending them to friends and family.
Skip this place for champagne brunch buffet. There are plenty better in this area. The price is too high for the cheap \"champagne\" and mediocre service. As previously stated by another, getting champagne refills are like \"pulling teeth\".
The salesman was nice enough. The whole process of test driving the car wasn't as enjoyable as Scottsdale BMW, which is where we ended up buying our vehicle.
Wife and I saw good reviews on this restaurant and decided to give it a shot.  Very friendly service. Very good prices. Very good food. \n\nRecommend for anyone in the area.
What a great concert experience! The concessions include local favorite Four Peaks Brewing and the staff from the door to your seat is knowledgeable and helpful. I'd compare Comerica to the Pearl inside the Palms in Las Vegas--only smaller and offering a better vantage point from every seat.
Fabulous pizza, love  the pepperoni  and sausage. Great Caesar salad and the tiara ash! The best I have ever had. Great service. Go early for dinner or there is a long wait. Easier to get in for lunch.
I haven't been there for happy hour, however, I was not impressed with their dinner menu. My friends and I left.
No toilet paper in casino restrooms and no cable in my room!
Bon et pas cher! Excellent pour aller manger entre amis(es) au d\u00eener o\u00f9 tard le soir.
This is a review for the motel. I stayed here two years ago and then again this month. It seems that conditions are improving under Days Inn. The room was clean but the place is still a little bit run down. Look at it as a cheap place to stay.
I actually can't give a thorough review of this place since all I had were French fries and a milkshake which were both good. All 3 of my friends who ordered burgers were violently ill the next day. Not me though. Needless to say, we haven't been back since.
I went to Toast expecting an average breakfast, but they exceeded my expecations. I ordered the stuffed strawberry french toast  (delicious). I appreciated that the french toast was not soggy. The managers were friendly.
Lunch was pretty good but not awesome.  The beef carpaccio was the best thing we had.  Crab stuffed shrimp was nice but the po' boy was just so-so.  Our real complaint was the $50 corkage fee.  Ridiculous!
Good Filipino food
Southwest deserves a five star raging because they consistently provide excellent customer service and do not charge it's customers baggage fee. However, I give Phoenix airport a three star because the waiting area is small and has no electrical outlets. In addition, the food choices are very limited.
Love this theater !  The place is clean, the seats comfortable and the screen is bright.  The only problem is weekends, where it is hard to find a nearby parking place.  Other than that, this theater is awesome.  They have great popcorn !
HORRIBLE!!!! It's a Friday in Vegas and there are 3 customer service people working. We have waited over an hour. Will never rent here again. Use another car rental agency. Don't waste your time.
Don't order the salt and pepper calamari! The picture looked so much better than the outcome. So disappointed. The batter was gross. Ordered the roasted chicken plate, and honestly the chicken was really dry. \n\nOther than their customer service being excellent, their food really needed some improvement.
Great lunch spot. Friendly kind service.  Tasty sandwiches and really tasty desserts!
I've had better tacos at street stands. But service and ambient was good.
I honestly dont know why so many bad reviews I think this place is pretty good and the price is not bad either!
I eat Indian weekly and from all over NC and SC. I find Maharani to be the best in Charlotte. Their  buffet quality is outstanding. I have eaten here for years.  I have not been to Saffron, but the one in Greenville SC is my overall favorite.
It is a little far to me so I can't go every week. Excellent taste for the kebabs...I would do take outs here.
Eh.  Not really that good.  The chicken wasn't well trimmed, and the pasta was nothing special.  I'll skip it in the future.
I didn't think this place was anything special. I think they think they are too cool for school- but I was left wanting more and felt very unsatisfied with my food. It's really unfortunate because they are in such prime location. \n\nSkip them and go to LGO or Postinos instead.
Pittsburgh Restoration Hardware has the worst customer service ..stay away.
Five star sushi. This place is old school, from the service to the decor. A Las Vegas institution,  I'll eat here every time I visit the city.
I've had the Tom Yum Koong and the pad thai (chicken and shrimp). Unfortunately, the soup was only ok. The shrimp was very overcooked. I've had pad thai there a few times, and it's pretty good, but not the best in this town. Would like to try some other dishes.
Good, and unique. Definitely worth a try but I wouldn't drive across town. We got lamb, which was good but was in strips, and a bit overdone. Still worth the trip. Next time I will try the cedar ash seasoned dishes.
Service sucks. Waiter clearly on something. Food was ok but don't order very tough new York strip. Filet ok. Wouldn't come back? Bartender grumpy
I love Bobby Q! Always a must for dinner when we come into town! Service is great, food is great!
So this is what people talk about when going to larger cities and dealing with waiting in lines.  Had no idea that when we entered we'd be given a number and asked to wait.  Thankfully the wait time wasn't too long and things moved pretty rapidly.
I have looked forward to eat at this place ever since I moved to Gilbert. I finally had the opportunity and frankly I should have gone to chipotle. They do not cook in house, the food is salty and over priced. In short, it is a chipotle, serving tequila and better decor...save your money
I have severe sinus problems, and I must say I am honestly surprised at how much acupuncture has helped me.
Wow, I've eaten here in the past and liked it. Went back recently and I have to say we (table of 6) had the worst service I've ever had hands down. Everyone at the table was looking around to see if maybe we were on candid camera or something it was that bad.
Not the place to go for food, but the beer is cold & your burger may be a little undercooked.
The rice and steamed vegetables were good, but that's about all we could tolerate. We ordered General Tso's, which is what we always get when we first try a Chinese restaurant. It helps us compare to other places.The quality of the chicken used was awful. The dumplings were flavorless. We will not be returning.
Good place to see a show, concessions are way over priced.
Check out is ridiculous!!!! Nice rooms and techy gadgets but check out in room doesn't even work and then when you get to the lobby...crazy long line.
Coming from NY to have a nice pizza joint close to your house is great.  Good pizza with real NY attitude, sort of breaks up all the politeness.
I've spent plenty of time at Mellow over the last few years and things haven't changed. The food, the beers and the service have always been and still remain exemplary!
This is one of our favorite stops in Las Vegas. Great food, shops and sightseeing. I recommend at least a passing visit.
Sudi is the best. If you consistently come to her she remembers just how you like to be threaded and does it right every time. I'm glad she is back!
No more sprouts for the veggie subs, no substitutions or extra veggies in place of sprouts.  :o( \nStill yummy and fast.
I'm so glad I found Le Lash. The prices are really reasonable and Taylor is so great to work with! It's always a friendly relaxed experience and the lash extensions are awesome!
I love this place.  Mary Lou and her husband are so nice.  I will be back to do another painting soon. Kathleen Lincoln Place
Great staff! They are so genuine and treat you like a person, not another transaction. This is what coffee shops are all about. In a rush? Brew at home or wake up earlier.
this place looks cool, but its now closed. Sadness i never got to experience it
This is a great store with very helpful staff. The customer service gets 4 stars, the pricing gets 0 stars. I bought a pair of Prada sunglasses here for $330.00. I wound up finding them online for $189. I returned them the next day. My recommendation would be to research pricing before you buy a pair of sunglasses here.
Great place.. .. especially on Mondays.. with their 3 course menu special.. well worth the trip.. must try the hot chocolate souffl\u00e9...
It's good. Little bit on the oily side for the pho. Good broth though. Okay priced.
If you go to Cave Creek you must go to the Buffalo Chip, Harold's , hideaway etc.  just great local restaurants in a great town north of Phoenix/Scottsdale.   I like the Chip more for drinking dancing and rodeo than the food. But it is okay for a little grub   But it is fun.  So try it
Chicken piccata was disappointing. Bland, low quality chicken and only $22! \n\nA 20 oz beer for $10.50 wasn't much if a deal either.
The service was great! I had a brisket sandwich and fries and it was good. I was not too crazy about the BBQ sauce on the sandwich, but everything else was good. The kids had Mac and cheese and received a cookie to go as part of the kids meal.
Booked to inspect and repair some electrical issues. When I requested someone to come back because one light was still not working, I didn't get a response. Since that time, the other supposed fixes are not repaired.
Horrible care from unqualified people. This place is a money pit! I won't go there again!
Beautiful. I LOVE the scent of the hotel. And I love when at 2am - you're sloshed, walking barefoot carrying your 3 in heels, and they just smile at you as you enter the elevator bank. \n\nOnly issue is that the pool is plain, and full of old white couples.
This is the best store that exists in all the land. Nostalgia galore.If you miss the very best of your childhood, you can probably relieve moments from picking up a piece of it at this store.
I have been to this Gallagher's 3 times.  The food isn't the greatest, but isn't the worst.  I do have to say that the wait staff is very friendly.  It is a good place to go after work to have a few drinks and watch a game.
This is my favorite pizza place. Ryan the server is very attentive and friendly. Highly recommend this place
Barro's is always awesome. When I call in an order its usually ready faster than they say it will be, and their meatball pizza is delicious.
We arrived at closing time...that may have affected my order.  I ordered the salmon burger and its ok! It wasn't very flavorful....very bland. The aioli sauce saved it from tasting like cardboard.  Sorry, but I wasn't impressed.
absolutely not for vinyl. Probably fine for CDs though ...
Eh,\n\nIts got nice ambiance, service is good. Nothing special.
This location is the only one I've been to and I would recommend it.  I usually come for dinner and I would say there's about 10 - 15 minute wait on weekends but the staff is friendly and courteous, the food is good and prices are reasonable.
Low reviews for the broken machines I understand, however, I use this place as a drop off laundry service and they are good. They turn around clothing in about a day and charge a dollar a pound or so. \n\nNo complaints, friendly staff
Nothing to write home about.  I always find the food to be too bland for my tastes, but enjoy the salsa bar.\n\nThe staff is always friendly and service is good.
Like Aaron A., I'm partial to Shady's. Great jukebox and there's often an obscure and fun DVD playing (with subtitles on). Chris is the friendliest bouncer on earth.
So happy to see familiar faces after Way Sushi closed. The sushi is fresh and the specialty roll menu original and delicious (the surf and turf is the BEST). Will be our new go to..
POOR service!  Long Wait for Drinks!
Sunday kids eat free! And the salad/pizza lunch special is super huge. Everything was super good.
The staff was friendly, the food was good, the price was fair, and I left happy! Phoenix--you're so lucky to have this establishment. In Kentucky, we're stuck with Waffle House. What a breath of fresh air this place was for breakfast.
The dining area does not stay open as posted on their business. The guy at the drive through gave us attitude when we asked about the dining hours. On top of that, our order was wrong.
They claim to auto generate comments from a computer to avoid answering for their actions.  No integrity or honesty with these guys what so ever.
This was a good deal. got a sweet yelp deal and the food was pretty authentic. The place was more uppity than i thought but who cares. food was great!
What a waste of money, burgers stink fries are horrible. I could've spent less money and got a better burger at inn n out. I don't know what all of the hype is about. Will meet step foot in a red robin again, I'd rather eat dog food.
This building itself is just beautiful even if you don't step inside. The reading rooms upstairs look like something from inside a palace or cathedral. The call system for requesting books from the stacks below was way ahead of it's time. Take the time to check this place out.
By far our favorite spot we've eaten at so far in Champaign. Our server was a little strange - definitely new to the job - but the food was excellent and the service was completely reasonable. Very large beer selection as well. Highly recommend - we'll be back!!
Clean inviting atmosphere for decor, and the staff is friendly!
I have to be honest that I really would prefer to go to the Home Depot down the road. The customer service at Home Depot is really really good especially because I'm not always sure exactly what I need. I also think they have a little bit better selection.
Hopefully it was an anomaly but my shaved ice tasted of freezer burn... I've been to several Bahama Bucks in the past, but never had THAT experience before...
Drinks... Average at best. Service is horrible. Owner decided to venture off and have a couple drinks with some other guests. Poor poor management. Headed to downtown cocktail lounge..
The food is presented exactly the way it is in the photos.  I was very very impressed and will definitely return.  The service was awesome!
Not too impressed.  Ordered a half dozen of the large and there was barely any meat.  Not worth price.  But the fries with their crab mix on top was good
The size of their 5$ gyros are ridiculous. So much food, and solid too. Good staff
Love this little, genuine place! It has great lunches and has ruined me for pad Thai anywhere else in the valley! Their soups are a must!
great spot. trendy. yummy.
Pretty much just like all the other locations...salon inside, hair products, makeup etc. I went specifically for nail polish and they do not have as large of a selection as other locations i have been too. \n\nMy only complaint..thanks for reading..goodbye.
The Hideaway of Vegas... If you are from Honolulu you know the deal...
Amazing service. Pizza was fantastic but the employees really made it. I will almost never go to another pizza establishment just because of the two girls working today. I believe the cashiers name was Teri, she made the experience for us. If she's not a manager, she deserves to be. Thanks again! We'll be back soon!
This place is awesome! From the iced tea to the desserts, this hit all cylinders. Service was great and they knew the menu. The chicken pesto lasagna was beyond amazing! My family and I will be back.
The fried oysters are to die for.\n\nThe crayfish scampi looks great but a bit too garlicky.\n\nThe BBQ shrimp is just a-ok.\n\nReal cool how they turned an old house into CQ.
It's cookout! One of those things you have to experience yourself. Love the bacon wrap as a side on the tray, Good addicting, awesome tea. They sell Cheerwine, lots of options on shakes. BBQ sandwich is pretty good
This place is closed and I'm pretty sure a Bosa Doughnuts now.... Someone should double check me and update.
Food isn't greasy or expensive. People are nice and place is clean.
The LTE is coming. I was on the same \"I will never see LTE on sprint\" boat too. Well they turned it last week and I am enjoying DL speeds of 15-23 Mbps consistently.. And it's unlimited. I only gave a 3 rating because of the wait..
Very good eggs benedict, but they cannot for their lives cook sunny-side up or over-easy/medium/hard eggs.\n\nI've never had a waiter argue so fervently that over-medium eggs should have uncooked whites! Good grief.
I have been terrified of the dentist my entire life. The staff at this office is unbelievably fantastic. Made me so comfortable and were so great at everything they did. The owner is so wonderful and very awesome. Thanks again!!!! Will definitely be back and recommend this place highly!!!
Pricey bread, too pricey for the quality.Their sourdough baguette is just plain white bread,the brioche, blah. The decor is lovely, clientele, upscale ;more like chi chi hang out than anything else.
Really good service. Prices are what you would expect. I couldn't find anything on sale
Disgusting and completely overpriced.   The wait is extremely long - 45 minutes to 1 hour and the food is mediocre at best.  The Wynn should definitely go back to the drawing board on this one.
For someone used to East Coast Pizza, Little Sicily was great for Arizona. Service was quick, nice place.  Will definitely go there again when visiting Arizona.
This store is ghetto in comparison to other Walgreens stores I have been in. The store is not the cleanest in my honest opinion. The shopping center this store is located in is small and the parking lots is always cramped and crowded. I won't go to this location unless I absolutely have to.
I was not disappointed.  The menu is simple, I like that.  We had the Beach House and the Br\u00fbl\u00e9e burger.  The service  was spot on.  The food came out super fast.  The flavor was out of control.  A must try.  \"Eat Local!\"
good food\n\nif you are a spicy lover, this will be a good place for you.\n\nservice could be better, the waitress acted like someone died... :(
I have lived here for a full year and just renewed my lease today. As a law student who is pretty broke, I think it says something that even with the increase in rent for a renewal, that I chose to mmake the cuts in other areas. The underground parking is amazing and the facilities are always well maintained.
Awesome place! Great drinks and bar food. The bartender made an excellent margarita that wasn't too sweet or too sour. Good gaming and fun arcade games. Will definitely be back! This place is better than Timbers down the street.
Good Food, Nice People.
Horrible people behind that pharmacy counter!!! The one girl in her late twenties to early thirties is nuts and does not listen at all. They need to mind their own business and stop asking why you taking certain medications. Don't waste your time at the Anthem Walgreens pharmacy. ..
Hula's is pretty awesome. The drinks are deceptively strong--I always think I'm knocking back fruit juice...until the slurring begins. The food is also good. Not amazing, but there are some really good things here. The sweet potato fries and the hangover hash are both delicious.
Meh? First time here and it looked decent from the outside,  outside of that the place is  very underwhelming. Sketchy, unwelcoming service. When J asked to rub a tab they took my name, credit card and drivers license? Bartender(a) seemed to have a different agenda.
Very disappointed, this was my red meat day! My steak was incorrectly cooked 3 times, all the proper apologies were extended and I was not charged, but how can a steakhouse not be able to make a medium rare steak? There are lots of options in Vegas, and now after many years eating at the Palm, I will explore those options.
Great place for breakfast and to watch the airplanes land and take off - service has been mixed depending on day of week.  Obviously Sat & Sun am are very busy.
Over-rated! 2 hour wait on a Wednesday. Service sucked.(1 server rolled his eyes on my wife while we ordering) really? After we wait for 2 hours I expext better service and food! Pizza is ok not worth the wait and the hassle.
Food was average. If you are looking for a great steakhouse, look elsewhere. This is a 2 star hotel meal. Ordered a $40 steak (sides separate). Tastes more like Sizzler than a high end steak house.
Our first time here: They are out of Napkins, Drink Lids, and of all things - ROOT BEER. The tables are filthy, and though the staff has been pleasant, it does not make up for the pathetic management! This place needs serious help.
Ordered for delivery and it took over TWO HOURS to get the food, which was cold AND not what I ordered.  A trifecta of incompetence. Don't do business here.
Best donut shop around.   Every donut i tried was amazing.  The service was awesome and so friendly.  I will not go anywhere else if I can help.  :)  the bagels were delicious too
I've been here twice.  Food is adequate but definitely not the best.  Service is very slow.  You spend your whole lunch break standing in line.  I won't go back.
Too far from most of hotels in the strip.
Not sure what the single dollar sign is about. My husband and I came here after 3 broissures to find cheap drinks and it was more expensive. The service was good and the patio was nice but unless they have some killer after dark specials or weekend deals these guys are just as expensive as trois and the quality is half as good.
Underwhelming in every aspect!  Service was horrible, food was under seasoned, and prices were extremely high for food quality.  I would not recommend and several other tables around us had a similar experience that evening.
Great beer, chic decor, yucky cabbage dish which was over priced. Avoid that dish at all cost!
The food was average - but service and dessert were great. Would go again but nothing to rave about!
Great location. Service could be overall better. Car wasn't as clean as it should be for the amount you pay for it. Slightly disappointed.
Amazing place to eat. Beautiful staff.... quality food...\nGreat desserts.... outstanding prices....\n\nI'm truly going to miss eating here....
I am OBSESSED with Cornish Pasty! i recently visited the Scottsdale location after discovering that it was there! I have been to every other location and always am super satisfied! This location help up to my standards! Helpful and friendly staff and as always, amazing food! Love it!
My friend had his wallet stolen by the maids who came into his room to clean it. He complained in person and even emailed after but luxor refuses to take any actions to compensate him. He had $2000 stolen. AVOID AT ALL COST!
SO helpful and friendly. Fixed my sunglass screws for free. Definitely will come back if I need anything else.
Just a mess from beginning to end! Service was horrible and the food is one step up from hospital food. Too bad really ..Ahwatukee needs better restaurants and back in the day the food and service was great !!! Stay clear of this place
Pretty standard Chinese buffet. It's much better than the one off Litchfield and Bell though!
Hit or miss but I keep coming back - maybe it is the price or the convenience - not sure.  Either way - if you want affordable chinese with generous portion sizes - this place is for you.,
This place just didn't do it for me. We ate at the restaurant...forgettable and went to a music venue. The venue was just small...most clubs are bigger than this.
Very interesting art and history of pornos.  Dont really have any other way to put it. Its interesting to know that erotica has been lurking in mans past for decades and even centuries and Humanity has always been what it is today.
Delish, but they don't speak English. It doesn't look clean. It's quite strange. It's really really good food though. Sometimes I don't even get what I ask for. It's strange, but good.
Atmosphere was cool but food was ehhh! I wanted to like it but it didn't taste very fresh! More like packaged lunch meat and salad. Soup was cold and it felt like I was in a cafeteria.
Steak was some what tuff for the price. Had the spinach and had to add salt for flavor. They measured my $20.00 glass of wine to the tee. Wedged salad was fantastic. Service was good but for me this is not a place I will rush back too. Perhaps a little over rated.
I have been a long time customer and so has my mother. Every time we need anything fixed we go here. They even custom made my chain necklace for me which I wear every day. I do recommend this place.
We ordered food to go at this restaurant. They told us we would have to wait 30 minutes. Instead, the wait was 1 hour and 10 minutes. I will never go back. The food is better at Gaati and they don't make you wait forever.
This location of Goodwill is not my favorite, but from time to time, you can find a good buy here. I found a couple of pairs of nice name-brand jeans here.  2 negatives for this store: it is crowded and I don't like the fitting rooms.
Love the back porch. Food is standard bar fare. Lots of fried stuff.
Best place around. Great selection, good prices, and friendly staff. The rewards program is great as you can get $5 off for every $50 spent.
Dallas is like Yoda with scissors. Her Jedi hair skills are unmatched by any mortal. Hahaha j/k she is awesome though..... And might I add very easy on the eyes. My wife and I both love her and her work.
This Chipotle location always has fresh ingredients and a friendly, attentive staff.
Definitely a picture spot...  Not something for people looking to really stretch their limits... but a great hike for beginners and intermediates... would suggest you check the air quality before going, definitely a better hike when the air is clear...
food poisoning, all three of us. ate different things. not cool man.\n\nmaybe we had bad luck that night. even so, i just cant go back there.
Prices seems to be going up while service is going down. Staff is noting interested in talking with friends than helping customers find things. When you do track down a staff member they only half listen to what you are asking and just get back to chatting with their friends. Prices have also gone way up. The selection is down and not worth the trip.
This review pertains to the Brazilian barbecue: attractive men carrying around sword-like skewers with all-you-can-eat meat and carving it right onto your plate. Delicious.
Meh.  I wasn't impressed with the szechuan chicken I had here.  I thought it would be crispier like it usually is at other Chinese restaurants.  It's got a great atmosphere though and they're incredibly efficient.
Knowledgeable. Plays on your intelligence - you need to have good idea what your items are worth or what you are willing to consider a fair deal . Must ask direct question to get answer as he answers question with question.
The Farm is good!  Nice family atmosphere, good food, and nice urban farming appeal.  While the food is good, it isn't exceptionally great and with that comes a heafty bill.  We have gone several times before and will go again - we recommend eating here just be prepared to pay the high prices!
This carls Jr has by far the best service ever!
The best steak I've had I a long time! Very tender steak and the best twice baked potato ever. Service was wonderful to match!!
I have been here twice so I know what's the best items for my taste. Would give another star if the Mongolian grill had more items and sauces. Trying the evening buffet tomorrow with 2 teenage son's one whose 18 and a football player. Should definitely get my moneys worth!
Start off with the good parts, nice decor and antique shop feel cute store in the back and bathrooms are big. Bad parts, small portions  for the price, no refills on drinks, my burger was very tough, ice cream was so-so. Pretty dissatisfied with this place, will not be returning.
It closed last year, as was no loss, IMHO. A neighborhood favorite for some unfathomable reason, but stopped by several times and it was always the worst Italian food I and my dining companions had ever had--couldn't even make a good marinara sauce:-(
I only came here for drinks. Their specials are inexpensive and pretty good. Save your receipt and you can use it instead of paying cover charge to enter ivory.
Hands down my favorite place to get bagels. Einstein's is one of the few places that have cinnamon sugar bagels. They are so delicious.
Delicious carne asada! Lost a star because the tables outside are in terrible condition and the music was way too loud to consider eating inside.
The chicken fried steak is the biggest and the best that I've found in the valley. A great place if you are looking for the American classics done right.
50.00 is very cheap for most restaurants. But not for this place all the meats are dry and low quality cuts. I tried every single thing on the menu everything I ordered of course extra rare and still dry. The lamb had good flavor and was best. Salad bar has nice options. Service was very good atmosphere nice as well.
I love this place.  I have been to a few of them in Vegas at the casinos when I visit and they have really cute accessories for a great price.  The pashminas are a steal!
Great service but portions were small for the price. Food okay.
So good. It can get pretty busy. My favorite thing to do is to just order a bunch of dishes to go since I can get a little crowded in there sometimes. The naan and the chicken marsala is so yummy.
Visit this place almost weekly. Frequently enjoy happy hour with and crispy spicy tuna roll and chili ponzu yellowtail. Always reasonably priced and is good quality sushi. Have bad better have had worse but it's very good for the price.
Consistently good. The idea behind Panda Express is simple but ingeniously cunning. I wish I would have thought of the idea. Great tasting Chinese food that's clean, fast and affordable. I love P.E.  !! Make sure you fill out the surveys...free entree.
The prime rib is outstanding. The price is high for the portion. The staff are very friendly and welcoming.
CLOSED. Went yesterday 9/25 and there was a \"For Lease\" sign over the Pie Zanos sign
Holy Crap!  The service in this place is a joke!  Have you ever tried to call them? I sat waiting, and waiting, and waiting.  When I went to the store I saw a gaggle of them talking, and not one person came up to help me.
Best BMX shop in AZ!  Check it out!
This place was extremely beautiful!  I went there for my friend's wedding. Just learned that they couldn't hire Jazz at this place because of the houses next to the fence.  That was the only con about this place.  Overall, it was really nice and enjoy the enivornment very much.
Coffee tasted like dirt. Didn't bring out the whole order when cooked. Then gave half of my order away. By the time I received the rest of my order the first half was cold. And they forgot my toast. The food was meh.
Excellent selection of fresh sushi. Service is good. Happy hour is a great time to try some of their appetizers. My buddies and I frequent this restaurant several time a month. One of the best in the valley.
The BEST Italian food! \nThe eggplant Parmesan sandwich is amazing, the sauce was perfect, the mozzarella, the bread was fresh!!! \n\nThis is definitely a place that I look forward to going back to with my family.
Noodles are too salty, not delicious  at all, their Japanese pan noodle isnt Japanese style at all, it is just Americanized salty and sweety noodle. Never try this place again
Went here with several friends from out of town.Paid 25 dollars cover each person only to find out that the club was closing in 30 minutes. They robbed us for 175 dollars. No girls danced and received no drinks. Asked for a refund and we got kicked out. Terrible establishment. Dont GO!
I can't comment on the quality of the work here, but I stopped by today to ask how much it could cost to have a winter coat relined. The answer--$120--had me turning around and walking right out the door...
It's one of the better meals that I've had in Las Vegas, consistently. It's a great place for lunch in particular!
Very fresh, not at all dry. Little too much icing, but it made the cupcake look pretty. We all liked the cake.
I ordered a bratwurst and a standard hot dog. The brat was different than what I'm used to (contained veal) but the hot dog was delicious. I was told that they have all-you-can-eat dogs on Thursday nights after a certain time. Good eating at JJ's.
The fajitas are always good, but the place seriously need a renovation.. It still looks the same from when I was kid.. LOL .. They also need more beers on tap cuz this 3 beer selection just doesn't cut it. Other than that I would recommended this place to anyone anytime.
One word: disappointing.\n\nThis buffet gets one star for decor and one star for just having food.
Every time we go here it is EXCEPTIONAL! The Sushi is amazing! The teppanyaki show is great, better than most other places we have been to! Prices are great, especially during happy hour! This is our favorite place by far for date night or family dinners!
Reina Rocha helped me. She definately exceeded my expectations! This is my second refinance with them. And I'm always very happy with their service.
Great food and location. I come here all the time
I came here for the Italian Beef Sandwich. The Flavor and Taste was excellent. If this is something you crave from Chi Town, you wont go wrong. I have not tried the Pizza yet.
Great place to see a movie, deft not your typical theater. It is more than a regular theater, but I guess you get what you pay for. It is also in a great location so be sure to walk around the quarter when you get done. Great shops and lots of great places to eat
Corleone's..I owe you .50 cents and a $3 tip. You and your cheesesteaks are amazing. Thanks again.
Great museum, lots of variety, but also lots of rolls Royce. Definitely worth the price of admission (free if you visit their website first.
Great place, reasonably priced the food was really good everything was fresh and the restaurant was spotless.
First time here, I was hungry and have been wanting to try this place. Food was good, cheap and fast service.  I will be coming back.
Went back again with the #EVFN group and had another great time.   This place is great for large groups.   Call them they can reserve some space for you and even open a register for your group if you need it.  \n\nI really liked the ice tea and white pizza.   Can't wait to go back again.
Big fan!  I love tapas because I can try a little bit of everything!  The food was great, the energy was fantastic and our service was superb.  What more is there to ask?
Honestly this place is awesome! We had a blast. It's a great transition from casino to bar, grill, pool, shuffle board
Good price and location but very smoky. Even in our non smoking room it smells incredibly like cigarettes
Awesome burgers.
Very good food. Excellent service. Order the onion bagi.
We stopped by on our way home and the food is just bar food, and their kids menu food was TERRIBLE! \nI don't really care for beer so this place just wasn't for me...
Good food, reasonable prices and clean, almost swanky atmo. \nI had papaya salad, tofu panang and some kind of delicious coconut soup...I ordered it a 7 on the spiciness scale of 1-10, and it was perfect. \nI would definitely come here again...
The snow cream itself is enjoyable as I'm a fan of the taro. However, I wish their toppings were more fresh. They should also cut down on some of the toppings. Having only two sizes makes it a bit difficult to decide which size to venture with.
What a cluster. Hire some people to work. Took 40 minutes to get a ticket and popcorn. No more than 50 people came I or out.  Won't be going back.
Best beers you can get in the valley.\n\nKiltlifter, SunBru, 8th Street, Peach Ale you can't go wrong with any of these.
Go here to watch games if you are downtown.  So many TVs, great amount of bar space and two floors of tables.  The food is pretty good; it's bar food!\n\nGet the wings with the hot buffalo sauce, you will not be disappointed.
All 3 courses were delicious! Staff was friendly. Atmosphere is a little confusing... Italian/sports bar and grill?
Drinks are weak and not made correctly.  I guess that's what you get with a barely legal bartender. \n\nDon't even bother ordering chicken strips unless you like paying $10 for 4 misshapen nuggets that are half burned. \n\nDefinitely won't be back.
Horrible!!!! The portions are tiny for overpriced bland vietnamese food and to top it off the waitress spilled soup all over my shoes. Horrible experience! Do not go there
The Build A Burger was pretty good, not anything I would go out of my way to eat again. But a good price and a good portion size.
This is my favorite sweet tomatoes restaurant.  I am a huge fan of the sugar free mouse!  Love salads and the staff is awesome.  If you have any issues the manager will help you pronto.  Clean and fresh.  Rock On sweet!
i cannot get enough of this place!  the sushi is sooo good and the happy hour prices are insane! The heart attack roll and krazy maki are unique and sooo tasty.  The shirts the employees where are cute \"miso hungry\"  Give this place a try with happy hour everyday! see ya there :)
The 1 star rating is because they have closed.
I went here three weeks ago. It was one of the better meals I've had in Vegas and I've been pretty much everywhere. I noticed that the bad reviews seemed to be centered around service issues. When I was there the kinks seemed to be worked out. Highly recommended.
Great wings! The food here is wonderful. My favorite side is the spot tops with dip (sweet potato tots) they are to die for!!!
Alway a very good lunch...make sure to try the chicken lemon rice soup that is complimentary with every meal!  Opa!
Staff were completely uninterested. Bread was kinda soggy (on the outside) like it was close to something steaming, and one of the cucumbers were moldy/rotten. Won't be going back. EVER.
I got to perform with Jackie for about monthly while her pet groomer was on hip alternative surgery treatment healthcare keep. I had a lot of fun and Jackie likes her shop and tries really difficult to support clients and their animals.
Veggie, Bueno, and Cajun prime rib Benedicts were all delicious. Fresh ingredients and different spins on hollandaise sauce. Great breakfast.
The 2 stars is for the view. You can see the Bellagio waterfall. The food was ridiculous. Overpriced panda express. Ordered the General Taos chicken and it tasted like they put heinz ketchup in there.
Had to stay here because all the hotels on the strip were extremely expensive due to it being a fight weekend... Super pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness/over all feel of the hotel. Easy check-in... Very very comfy bed! Great shower! Free Denny's breakfast! For the price, this place is awesome!
Food was great! There specialty is to die for. But I do wish the service was friendlier.
Get a Southside Shake with hot fudge shake and peanut butter sundae on top - absolutely amazing!
This T.J. Maxx location SEEMS to be smaller than some of it's sister locations. In reality, it probably has the same square footage as the others, but the floor plan is a bit different. There is a decent merchandise selection and plenty of bargains! I do like stopping in from time to time.
When this place opened I loved it. Love the owners and the atmosphere. But when there isn't a hockey game forget it. The service is, deleted terrible and put average. Not worth your time unless it 530-7 on pens game day. I want this place to be more consistent but might have to take my friends other places. JT
The saving grace of this place is its location.  The seating area outside has a great view of the city/rivers.  But...service was horrible.  The food was sub par.  They do have a good beer variety.  I'm sure this place does well during game time, but it's a typical sports bar.
My sisters and I voted, 7.5 out of 10. Decent sandwiches, very clean and good customer service.
wow. first time here and it was awesome. we came here for drinks and got kicked out around 2 or 3 (didn't have a watch). went to the bathroom and looked out the glass window to the view of vegas while i tinkled.\n\nthat was THE BEST.
good chicken in an airport. i personally think its better than kfc. some of the workers didnt know what the hell they were doing but that was ok
Went there with three kids. The service was excellent. The ice cream was great and the kids had fun choosing from the many delicious flavors and treats.
Anna is excellent. She can work you in for an emergency fix.  Make an appointment or you may be sitting for a while. They fill up quick.
Good location, nice interior, very cool on walk in, stylist, Tamara, was understanding and patient.  I like it, very professional.
We were looking for the best brunch in  Las  Vegas............this is NOT the place to come. They are very limited in there brunch selection. There suchi was good and the warm food from the kitchen was fine but it is Definitely not worth the price we paid.
Very nice facilities. Lots of room by the lanes. Good for groups.  The staff is  friendly and informative. Great retail as well. Ladies day on Fridays..(free shooting and gun rental)
We have a business dinner here. The food was alright. We ordered a bunch of pizzas for the table. Way too many raw onions and black olives - but the sausage and crust were pretty good.
Pitstop is a great place to get your car cleaned. Guys are super awesome, usually fast unless it's super busy but they accommodate you and keep you posted the whole way. My car is always amazing when they are done.
I've had worse meals.  The food is average and expensive.  You pay for the experience!  Took my grandson and he liked it.  I would kinda compare the food to a Red Robin.... Only more expensive.  Fun Atmosphere!  If you have sensitive ears this is not the place for you!
i cant bash this place since i am persian, but it really needs some help. they need to be on kitchen nightmares with gordan ramsey haha. i liked the food, it wasnt how my dad and his friends make but its still pretty decent
We went here last weekend, since the reviews were really good. We tried the shrimp cocktail which was good. We also got a burrito and tacos. Both lacked flavor. Nothing special. Only thing we enjoyed was the shrimp cocktail that is it. Will not be returning.
This place was cool, I came and got their Foie Gras burger but was underwhelmed. In my opinion, it's not worth $60, even with a free dessert.\n\nIt was a nice atmosphere, but I will stick with the $10-$15 burgers if I ever come back
Small used bookstore that smells a bit like smoke. I was able to find a decent flying book for my boyfriend in pretty good condition but most of the books are quite old and beat up. They only take cash. No credit or debit cards. The couple running it was very friendly and gave me a funny bag with a snowman on it.
It was aright. Wasn't hot.
Housekeeping department needs attention. I did not get my coffee today!
Great food for the price. Place is always clean and staff is friendly. Usually order over the phone for a quick pick up on way home. Pot stickers are great!!! When I get chicken fried rice, always order $2 more chicken and they never disappoint!
For the money, awful.\nCrab legs were good. But some of the fish looked and tasted like it sat out to long. You really have to watch fish and how long it sits out. My fish was way to chewy and luke-warm. Was not a fan, will not go back.
A little pricey, but I can't say I've ever left hungry or unhappy. A simple, well-done spot that I could come to over and over.
I bit pricey, but worth every bit of it when you are in the mood for a great burger or salad. Lots of options on a great menu. Fresh ingredients.
I don't know why, maybe I expected more than I should. The soup I got there was simply boring. The drinks are OK. Service was OK. I'm not sure why but I feel I should revisit this and try a different option. The tofu appetizer I got was better than the soup.
Very nice spot for both lunch and dinner. Nice atmosphere where one can dress either casual or dressy and feel like they fit in. The staff is great and we've always had good service. Rarely do we have a wait when we go, even on a weekend evening or Sunday brunch. Definitely recommend!
The menu is relatively smaller compared to a lot of restaurants out there. However, everything on their menu is excellent. One of the best tartars I have had in the city. I highly recommend the calamari!\n\nCan be a bit pricey, but if your looking for something worth it, this is the place!
Had dinner by myself here.  Other guests are latin-american (a good indicator).\n\nHad ceviche and a glass of white wine.  Great!\n\nSmall pastry as a dessert:  excellent, light, sweet.  Coffee was great.\n\nRecommend.
Fast, friendly service. Consistent on the drinks. Drive thru is convenient and fairly quick.\n\nStarbucks isn't my first choice in coffee but their iced teas are great!
Great service and a clean salon.. Very friendly girls..
Great place!  They helped me get the perfect veal shanks for my Osso bucco!  Nice and knowledgable. Great service !
The crab legs were really good and get 4 stars. They serve both hot and seasoned crab legs. I also liked the Shrimp boil. HOWEVER, the rest of the buffet was not good, so overall rating is lower. BUT $21 for good crab legs is alright by me and I would eat here again.
They have 9 elevators and only 2-3 will work so there's always a line and over crowded elevators. Rooms have no circulation and room service suck! Hotel is way too far from everything. I will never stay there again!
We love it.  It's a great burger although one in the family still thinks In&Out is far superior.  It's close.  In&Out has a special sauce but these burgers just have more flavor.  We have been to the one in Arrowhead, Bell/7thStreet and Scottsdale.  All are great.
Place was slammed. Service was good but the tacos came out cold and the carne asada was burned. Decent place for drinks in trendy atmosphere.
The reviews for this restaurant are correct, the food is excellent, portions are generous. No table service order from pictures and descriptions.  The table's were clean truly operated by people who are proud of what they produce.
This place has terrible service. Our waitress was the worst! No eye contact when greeting us. Hardly checked on us. There were 9 of us & our food was delivered in spurts. I'm giving it 1 star because the food was good, once it got there.
I'm new to the area, so I was expecting a little more based on the reviews... It's clean and the staff is helpful & nice. However, my fill lasted a week & 2 of my nails actually cracked. I'd only return here in a pinch.
Had a positive experience on a Sunday. Road the Showtime shuttle from the Luxor which got us here in plenty of time to game and pick up snacks for the flight.   I didn't have any issues with the wi-if.
Customer return line slower than molasses.  40 mins and waiting - only 4 people since I begin my voyage to cashier.
Dr. McHale was very friendly and made me feel like she truly cared I was there to see her. I am very impressed with her. The waiting room was small and very crowded but maybe that's the sign of a great doctor? Highly recommend this doctor.
Service was okay. Food was okay. Husband had the fish fry and he said it was good. My burger was not freshly made like the menu says. My bun was very stale
Good food, good deal,  and we had good time there.
They offer a great happy hour..50% off majority of their rolls, not the freshest though. Tiger crunch is a must if you do ever stop here. However, service was horrible! Both the server and sushi chefs. No personality at all! In need of finding a new place to satisfy my sushi cravings.
Ra is the worst place to go for sushi.
I love the Compound Grill!  Food was great and anywhere that offers thai, sushi AND mexican and does all of them well= heaven.  Music was fantastic and great acoustics.  I'm definitely a fan!
Laura O is the best!! I've been going to her for a while. I always get compliments on my color. She is the best in town! I would not trust my hair to anyone else!!!
I'm here at least once or twice a month.  This place is my go to spot to find stunning dresses to complement my physique.  Lovely staff and great place to shop.
BEST PLACE EVER! This is really the best place to get a super affordable car wash. Everyone is so friendly and helpful and my car is as clean as can be! I drove away in what felt like a brand new car that smelled like pina colada.
Great burgers done the right way.... slow and delicious.  Real fries. melissa cuts the potato to order and fries it before your eyes.
Food was not so good, scallops very good, the sauce ok, calamaris were spicy, mushroom was spicy too, overall pricey and small portions, the place is ok the server was GREAT!
Just okay food...i had the meatloaf sandwich...which was decent. Never being here but it failed to wow me. The girl at the register should put on smile once on a while.....great customer service goes a long way. Other than that it seem to cater to big family brunch.
Yum Yum chicken strips.\nChicken strips which a vicious tonight they're only 260 cal for three yum Yum enjoy
Overpriced: Not only the food itself but also the medical bill and the gym personal trainer bill you have to pay afterward.
This visit to Sonny's was the typical goodness I expect.  The sliced pork was juicy and delicious.  The kid loved the smoked turkey -- even got a second serving.  Super friendly service and sweet tea refills like crazy. Sure miss this place.
They suck! Had a confirmation and when I checked at my pick up time, they hadn't even scheduled it. Never again Clean Air Cab!!!!
Had takeout a few times and the pizza was yummy. Came in to sit down and it was one of the most awkward situations ever. Hostess insisted on filling my sprite with water, waitress was extremely rude. My pizza was cold, my friend's spinach roll was as well. Very disappointed overall.
Just stopped in a few minutes ago. Could NOT wait to open up my pound of mussel poke & taegu! Amaaaaaazing flavor on both items! Thanks to Bronsen K for the freakin' great recommendation! Definitely coming back here soon!
Derek has been servicing my vw and audi for several years now.  His prices are unbeatable as is his service.   His honesty is also a great welcome.  I couldn't imagine taking my cars anywhere else.
Awesome! Brought our jenday in for wing & toe clip.  They were extremely helpful, gentle and informative.  They have a great selection of bird toys, food, well, anything a bird needs!!  Will be back for regular supplies!
Good park to hike in
\"Grand Buffet\" is a severe understatement.  Now that being said, the selection that was available for lunch were well prepared.\n\nBut seriously, for the price, there are definitely better values.
Suckest Chinese food ever had. Nothing tastes right. A couple of boiled tofu with soy sauce cost 10 dollars. Will not ever return here.
Good selection of Chinese but when the sign says world buffet I was hoping for more than Chinese food and French fries.
Place has gone down hill the last couple years and is now trying to make a come back, they gotta put a little more try into it though. Food has gotten back on track but service is terrible and what is it with only one complimentary bowl of chips??
why are you even reading a review for this place!!!\n\njust freaking go there and eat a damn sandwich and you will see!!!!!
The norm, food is so so....not my first choice!  I have honestly given this restaurant chain a burger taste. Simply can't go back...maybe they have other decent food but for burgers, ah I can forget it!!
Leaving a review for Taco Bell.  I can't believe it but the drive through attendant, she was so sweet polite and businesslike. The food was excellent!!!
I love french food and this is my place to go to at cosmo..the food is spectacular and managers were fabulous
I was a little nervous about shopping here after reading the reviews, but since it was closest to our hotel, we gave it a try.  It was fine. Nothing worse than you'd find in the SF Bay Area. Buck up, little campers. Quit being so stuck up.
Not much to say, not a bargain.  If I were in the HRH and hungry, I'd swing around the corner and hit Pink Taco.  Better meal, same hotel.
Security escorted two guys out of the club for kissing. They are a homophobic and sexist and treat gay men as second class citizens. This is unexceptable  and WRONG!!!! Never again!!!
This is a relatively small location, for future reference I'll stick to drive-thru. But I've never had a problem so no complaints!
I came here when I first moved to Vegas needing a quick haircut. You get what you paid for is the lesson I learned. Service sucked the entire time. The hairdresser had this glub attitude about him. Avoid at all costs.
This place was awesome, steaks were great and I loved the crab enchilada. Really comfortable booths and a great place for just a drink and some chips as well.
Had the tasting menu and it was unreal. Great atmosphere-- our server ~~mike (may be wrong) was really lovely. Tried a blueberry sake and that was interesting and delicious!\n\nWill be back!
Came here before a concert and waited 20 minutes before someone even acknowledged us.  We placed our drink order and it took them 15 minutes just to bring our drinks. We ordered our food and it took them an hour and a half to bring our chicken sandwiches. Ridiculous!!!!!!  Never going back.
I love this store.  The prices are sometimes high....however, they do sell top quality produce, meat, fish and baked goods.  They often have good sales which helps out alot.  It is always clean and the staff are helpful.
Every time I come here, I wonder: where did they find these people? Impeccable service, so warm and friendly, as if you stopped by your family's house!
I would give this location zero stars if I could. I sat there for over 20 minutes as 5 servers helped the people around me, including folks who got sat after me and not once did any of them acknowledge my presence. It was not busy at all. I ended up walking out. I won't ever return here due to the terrible service.
I still say Dan Dan Noodles should be listed under Soups. Otherwise, the food is excellent and the Red Wontons are to die for! We stop here whenever we're in Vegas.
Just took my mustang to Ray and he fixed everything I asked for at a reasonable price. He is a very good mechanic and the best part is that he is down to earth and very honest. If you want a good mechanic take your car to Ray. His employee Tony is also a great person.  Thank you guys
Completely shady.  Towed our U-haul as we were moving in to our new Apartment Complex.  Completely unethical and total crooks.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
The service was decent and the place felt homely. The only, and most important, problem was that the food kinda sucked.
This hotel is old smelly and dirty. It did have an awesome drag queen show. I would have to say that I thought they did a great  show. Wish the were more organized at the beginning. And if the came out for people further back to see them. I won't plan on staying here ever. But would consider a show there again.
Friendly personable staff, good food, great place to grab whatever you need in a hurry.
Every Houston's I've been to has two things: great food and great service. I've never been disappointed by this upscale restaurant chain. I had my usual Thai Steak Salad for dinner, and there was a tad bit more dressing than I liked, but the food quality was still wonderful.
The mesa burger and fries for lunch at $16 were very nice and well priced for vegas. The burger was juicy and flavorful and the fries cooked perfectly.
The staff was so precious and helpful and the sushi was Great. Especially for the price! I only have to change rating to 3 stars because after my initial review I came back and found 3 hairs in the same sushi roll.
Archi's is THE BEST Thai Food in Las Vegas. Honestly it might be the best I've had anywhere. The Sahara location is jsut as nice as all the others, and a little less crowded.\nDo yourself a favor and go here as often as possible!
decent casino restaurant from the wolfgang puck family tree. service was ok as was the food but there wasn't anything that really stood out. the selection of wines seemed a bit limited and.. em.. top shelf supermarket-ish. not bad but there's certainly better, more challenging options out there.
I have been here a handful of times since they opened . The atmosphere is good , weekends are crowded. Honestly favorite day to go is Sunday for Brunch or lunch. This would be a good place for a birthday celebration. There is plenty to try and to do , that you just want to stick around all day. Perfect place for day drinking. : )
Meh!!! \nThe downside - The pho soup was just alright and the restaurant was a bit dirty and the service was slow. \nThe upside - The staff was very nice and the price was good.\nOverall it was just an average experience.
Pretty good food. Interesting location.
Over rated.  Needs more flavor.
Slowest in n out ever. Took 20 minutes to get my order. 2 cheeseburgers fries and a shake.  Send somebody outside to take orders in the drive thru. 10pm and theirs 10 cars in line. And 20 people inside . Step it up
Ask for Pierre, best waiter I've ever had.\n\nPistachio Souffle, unbelievable. \n\nDuck & Black Cod, outstanding.\n\nBest view of Vegas while you dine.
Worst Mexican food, worst service, even worse margarita. Never ever going back, they serve the locals better than any body else. \nIf you want super good Mexican food and really super service try PEDROS up the street.
This place has some of the best tasting coffee I've ever had anywhere. Period. They serve LavAzza and the latte's here are to die for!
Challenging layout. Beautiful lanscape. Well maintained. My favorite course. Plan to return.
One of my spots to visit in Sin City since our Condo is across the street.
I like the quietness of the resort, and it's location.\nThe carpet was dirty abit, the bathtub needs  more cleaning.\nThe young shuttle guy is a very nice guy, so pleasant to chat with, he recommended several places and they were great, very friendly and very infoative
Food is good service is ok but the price was cheap \nIt does have a good variety of sushi
Lol it's a theater. What's there to review? Just kidding, I've never had a negative experience at this theater and have been here many times with my cousins. Always a great atmosphere and not to mention the great shopping and eats that surround it. Probably one of the nicer Harkins in the city.
Norwood, Munnerlyn, Wharton - Go Gamecocks!  Go Panthers!
Wow! What a great find!! Visiting from California and came with my family! Everything was great! I had the Chinese Chicken Salad, side of fries I split and the Nutella Milkshake! All so good. The building is so cool! Our server was training to we had 2!
The atmosphere was nice, but I ordered the Mahi Mahi and it came out over cooked and super dry. It was like eating cardboard.
Friendly service, good food, using some healthy alternative ingredients.
I ordered take out from here since I was on my lunch break at Target and didn't want to go far. The food was mediocre at best. The salad I had with the lunch special didn't have dressing and the rice tasted strange. The pad thai was ok.
Not much to say. They got me on a Groupon.  The waitress was nice.
My favorite place to go for pizza!  I always order the same thing. ..the capricciosa.  My husband likes to go here for their gluten free crust (which you can order 24 hours in advance).  The service is always good here and I always leave with a full and happy tummy!
Definitely American-style Chinese...no shame in that though, great food here.\n\nEntrees were on the large side though so order to share.
Sad little place, even by Pittsburgh standards. Ambience of a funeral parlor, with average age of patrons about 69. Exemplary Calabria's dish? Oriental chicken salad garnished with uncooked ramen noodles.
Taro yogurt on point!!!!  Also my go to is the tart yogurt.  Toppings ate yummy, clean place, great service.
Thankfully another craft brewery in the much too dry West Valley.  The beers were pretty good, not stellar but not a waste of time (or cash either) but what I really enjoyed was their smoked pastrami sandwich - very tasty for sure and unique.  Wife really enjoyed her lunch as well.
WARNING!! THE STREET IS CLOSED for the next few weeks.  SO bummed as it is prime time Boba Time in AZ...
Went for happy hour got the cheeseburger it was great a do again service from the bartender male was below expections not polite and was not happy i ordered a soda to go with my burger but i dont drink , i even tipped well  ovetall i would go back foe the food  so four stars for the food and one for the bartender
I felt bad...because the line was so long, and I knew a lot of the  people weren't going to get in.  Why wait in line that long when you might not get in.  Great club, but not worth the wait.
The carne asada Vida burrito was pretty decent, but don't expect an authentic Mexican burrito. Service was excellent. Only complaint is that the first batch of tortilla chips they brought out was pretty cold and stale. Overall a good place to eat at.
Although none the dresses popped out at us and the ones that did were out of our price range, Dedee was very helpful and courteous. I would return here in the future if I needed evening wear and had the budget for it.
Only because it was next door to my hotel, and never, never again!\n\nCall me bloomin' Idiot!
Tried the shrimp fried rice. I think it's safe to say I'm never going back.
Good stuff.  The food comes out fast, and it's tasty.  You may need to apply lots of Sriracha to make some of the less popular items more palatable, but for the most part, this place has good eats.
Other than the duck and the fried rice I wouldn't get anything else here. Truly. The pad thai is a joke!!!
Oodles and oodles of history right at your fingertips.  The grounds are lovely the house is amazing and there is just so much to do and see here historically.  I'm no stranger to Scottish royal houses but this one is lovely!
I don't know if I should give you a 1 or 0 stars for the alive roach that I found in my tacos. It made me want to throw up and leave. I will never eat at a MiMis again my entire life, unless I am forced to.
Takes forever to get your order. Stuff they describe isn't accurate, they add stuff not described.  And they don't pay attention to your detail on your orders.
Always great service such nice people great prices. Love the chips and teas. Love the old small town looking store.
Love the variety of items!
This Baja Fresh.... WAS NOT GOOD....\n\nOnly had whole beans at 5:30 pm????\n\nAirport restaraunts are usually sub-par but this was BLAH.
Fun show, very entertaining. Scar's an asshole.
Terrible!! Management SUCKS.
Horrible. I saw little flies hovering over a bowl of fuit!!! Eat at your own peril!
I love this place. I have been a member now for 2 years and I can honestly say I love coming to the classes. The rooms are hot so come prepared with water. The instructors rock and you can check it out for free for a week to decide if it is for you or not.
Monday at 8pm and the food court is closed till Friday. The Beach Cafe is at least an hour wait for a table (as is room service), 30 minutes minimum for to-go orders.
Amazing service and Jordan is THEE BEST server we have had in quite some time! He was full of recommendations and kept our endless appetizers coming faster than we were able to keep up with. We definitely plan  on making this our new hangout when we're looking to get out.
I visited this restaurant off a glance of the menu - since I love pastrami and corned beef.  However; to my disappointment, this HUGE sandwich (with enough meat for three sandwiches) was dry and flavorless :(.  I would never eat there again!
I like the Clean and bright look of the place. A good selection of shops and some great places to eat.\nIts my preferred shopping centre
Went to the IMAX theater which was really tiny but it did the job. The theater was clean and really convenient for hotel guests staying at the Palms.
We had dinner here a few weeks ago. \n\nWe got the smoked duck and the eel sauteed with dry pepper. \n\nThe duck tasted like ham and the eel had an unusual flavor that I did not care for.
Good food and awesome location! An awesome addition to Downtown :)
Burgers not as good as advertised. Service is fine as long as you get a decent server. Don't ever use a restroom in a red robins no matter where it's located. It is nice to see vegetarian options on the menu.
I'm  a regular shopper here.  The interior and exterior are so much  more appealing than the old Cub Foods that was here. Fantastic deli and quick meal selection. Good bulk food section, wide variety of 'local' food stuff. Never crowded, pleasant employees.  Only negative is price.
The Bonanza is an interesting place to shop at.  There is some nice stuff and some overpriced stuff.  I haven't been there in a while so I don't remember much.  All I remember is that it is huge and has a lot of turquoise jewelry and a lot of Southwestern-type stuff.
Wanted to update my review the GM Steve reached out to me and explained AZ law regarding our situation and also wanted to know the staff involved with the experience we had so he could talk to them and use it as a learning experience. I really appreciate the way he handled this so we will more than likely visit this place in the future ..thanks Steve !
I am \"upping\" my review to 5 stars. Been there several times now and had consistent good food and service.
Great park for shooting on any day of the week. They have shotgun and hand gun ranges both so it caters to any desire. Located on the outskirts of town it's a bit of a drive but very well worth it! Love the sporting clay range as well as the five stand challenge at the shotgun range. A truly hidden gem in Vegas!
I liked it better when it was Jet. Dancefloor was too crowded and the vibe didn't do it for me. The VIP host did a great job of getting me in there for free and skipping the line.
When.she told me that the oven is 2,000 degrees so it only takes the pizza 90 seconds to cook and my order would be ready in 5 minutes I should have hung up the phone! by the time I got it home it was rubbery. (Is that a word?) Anyway, Yuck! We won't be back.
Horrible bank! Rude and unhelpful!
The steak here is good. It's not to die for, and probably not worth the price, but its good. I enjoyed my meal here but it was really expensive. I mean it's fine dining and I expected it, but for fine dining, I also expected supurb food. It was good. Not great.
We have found our new breakfast place! Love the Costa Rica coffee! Great pancakes and great service. Get the maple syrup. You can watch them squeeze your orange juice for you.
Not bad but kind of pricey for a lobster roll, lets face it though, it's Vegas
Love this place...
Since not eating any meat for a month now and I went in to try their veggie sandwich. It was ok I guess but the best place to get green waffles though..
Went in for a quick gel removal and manicure. Great service! Can't remember the girls name but she did a good job. Would return again.
Most importantly, the food is fantastic. I ordered a pizza with artichoke and sausage: generous amount of ingredients, excellent sauce and crust, perfectly proportioned ingredients. In addition, the staff is very frendly and engaging, and the space is really cool. I highly recommend, and will definitely be returning!
The last time I went here, the dining area was literally infested with flies. Flies everywhere. I could barely fill my soda cup because I was so mortified by the swarm of flies that were surrounding me. It was gross and I've never been so terrified in a McDonald's.
Great food.  The meat had great flavor.  Only down side is that they kept confusing orders but that is something that doesn't affect the food.  Very quick service.  \n\nI would definitely eat there again.
I was very disappointed. The service was sloppy and the time between courses was forever. The soup came cold (sent it back) and we ordered crab cakes and they were mushy and ground to dust. No taste but darn expensive. I would not go back. There are a LOT better downtown.
The food is delicious and the beer selection is good too. I had the dry rubbed pork ribs. Stone IPA was really good too.
Very scenic. Went here on a mini roadtrip and took lots of pictures. Great place to reconnect with nature without going too far out of the city.
The service was lousy. Server kept scratching her armpits and body without washing her hands and served foods minutes later.
This place is yummy. The turkey croissant is always delicious. However the prices are a little steeper than I would have expected. 5 dollars for a latte? That's prices you'd expect to see on the strip, not in Henderson.
This hotel is very clean the staff is very friendly & helpful!! Warning this is a family hotel so do not be surprise if you see a tribe of kids zoomin by! The adult pool area is very nice! Overall great experience for a nice summer get away!
One of my fave pizza places. Always great service and cant beat the price. Been coming here for over ten years.
The staff and regulars are very nice and make this place great.  They have a good beer selection,  and good food.
I am confused.  I have been here twice and had donuts worse than Copps.  OK, I will try a few more options.  1. Go at 1AM.  2. Go at 4PM.  I don't know whats wrong with me but this place seems overrated.
Very good store that has just about everything you could possibly need.  It is always clean, and the staff is friendly.  At times the lines can get long, but not unreasonable.  I go to this location regularly.
Delicious, inexpensive, friendly staff and patrons.  New favorite laid back spot
Love this place, love everything about it. Old school Vegas, fantastic food, great service, nice piano music, relaxed atmosphere. Try the lobster ravioli, gnocchi, antipasto, caesar salad.
I went to dinner here last night and the food was cold and tasted like it had been sitting for hours. They didn't have a very big selection and I was not impressed.
I heart Defalcos. The sandwhiches are always good and yesterday I had a bite of a friends pasta and it was delish.  I have also purchased things from the store and they are always amazing. Four stars only because sometimes the wait is ridiculous.
The litchfield taproom is a brewery near the wigwam with an old world feel that has a great atmosphere, friendly service, and most importantly, fantastic beer! Can't wait to go again!
its my sisters fault that we ended up here. she loves chocolate.\nwe each had a sample (raspberry filled dark and milk).\nthe woman helping us was very patient.\nmy sister ended up getting a 16 piece box for $28.
This place is awesome.  $13.95 for two specialty rolls, salad, miso soup, and edamame?  Can't beat that anywhere and the sushi was fantastic.  Had the 911 roll and the Caterpillar roll.  Glad this place is around the corner, it might be my new lunch spot.  Good stuff.
The chick bartender tonight is horrible. Doesn't pay attention to customers and seems to be in her own world. Also found some pills on the bathroom counter. Eh.
I started going to Carey several months ago. She just moved to Salon Esprit, and I would highly recommend her. I get highlights and a cut for $85.00  and am very pleased! The salon is in the Fry's shopping center.
I love this place ... Bun Bo Hue and Com Bo Luc Lac is so good...!!!
Food was average, service was a little dumb, maybe the language barrier, prolly not.\ntrans-freindly: a-ok
Gorgeous setting. The seasons really show in decor. Feels like being in another country sometimes it's so fairy tale like.
Refreshing slushy with alcohol?  Yes, please. A vegas must any time of year. Mudslide is my favorite and my wife loves the peach bellini. Keep your cup and bring it back with u for a discount.
It's not the best burgers but they're decent, but what I really like are the fries and how much you get..
With the restaurant more than half empty during dinner service, I would expect service to be exceptionally faster. After we were seated, we waited for the wait staff to offer us a drink (which is instantaneous in most restaurants) or ask what we'd like to eat. We got neither after waiting more than 5 minutes. We then left.
I enjoy their curries-the staff is friendly and the food is always yummy.  Usually I do take out, but today I think I will go in for a sit down meal-review to be updated soon!
Amazing food! Great service. I ordered a dessert to go home and they packed the entire thing in sperate containers. Perfect!
Just had the worst tasting greasy cheesburger I have ever had.  Served with about 5 french fries.
Tortillas are AWESOME. Bean and cheese burrito is one of the best I've had from these types of places. Nachos were freakin delicious. Open late. Drive thru. \n\nI'll take it.
Great pizza- really good thin-crust.   Decent pasta dishes, too.  Avoid the antipasto.    \n\nBut somehow it cost over $100 for 3 of us.   Not worth that much.....overpriced, but decent location in NY NY
Awesome!!!!  Customer service was great. And Carolyn made me feel more comfortable than I've ever been while getting a pedicure.  Found my Charlotte spot!
\"Cashetta, the extra large medium\"  wows and amazes audiences with her dazzling wit and charm!  So much fun!!
Hated it
AMAZING! Yum-o. Best orange chicken I have ever had in my life. I highly recommend this to EVERYONE.
Great college restaurant.  Sat outside on State St for a great atmosphere and good, tasty food.  Never had African food before but will certainly try again when I come across another place serving it.  Definitely give this place a try!
Overall very good, clean and busy. They had a lot of maki roll options but they are mostly tempura based fried in some way. But I did have the grasshopper roll and the seaweed salad on top was a good flavor addition
I have such fond memories of Orange Julius from when I was a kid.  And you know what they are still really really good. The only reason I gave them a four? It's kind of expensive!!!
Awesome venue! Pick up you Tapas and Tacos and sit outside( shaded with misters)\nAll the food is fresh. Que no pare la Fiesta!
First time here and I loved it!!! I got what I asked for!! I'm not giving 5 stars because I got charged $52 since somehow I got gel and I wanted just polish but I wasn't paying attention but other than that thank you going back for a pedicure
This place is amazing!! We went two days in a row. The ramen is delicious!! The broth is so savory!! Highly recommended!! Don't forget to add the fresh garlic to your noodles
Just took our dog here after trying 2 other groomers. Prestige got it right! I loved his cut! The place was very nice, clean, and smelled good. Staff was super nice and understood exactly what I was asking for. We will be going back!
It is a beautiful restaurant, my favorite part of eh place is restaurant it self.  The food is decent, is a nice place for a date, not really good food
I must have ordered the wrong thing. Got the biscuits and gravy with a side of bacon. Everything tastes like it was cooked on top of an abandoned salt mine. Super salty gravy, super salty potatoes, and flat gown coffee. Hit the Cracked Egg on north side of 215, much better food.
I was really disappointed in this place. I had heard it was good, but the food was terrible. I got crispy spring rolls, which were flavorless & I ordered the pad thai w/ chicken. It didn't even taste like pad thai. No flavor. I will not be coming back here.
Great. nuff said.
Absolutely loved this place. Got the pulled chicken and it wasn't what I was expecting. The chicken was moist and pretty chunky. Hands down the best pulled chicken sandwich I have ever had. Went here based on other Yelp reviews and I am so glad I did.
I just went in here to use the restroom and all I can say is eww. The entire bathroom was filthy: no soap, no paper towels and the locks  on the stalls are missing. Also no mirror at all. just gross. This for me reflects the workers and the food which is just eww...
Food editable but not much else.  Will not be back.  Weird smell it place too..
Didn't know there were water slides that could scare the crap outta me.  Park is a bit run down, and some of the slides were out of commission, but an overall good time.
went there during christmas week. line for lunch was 2 1/2 hours long.  Nothing spectacular...everything was below average other than prime rib & king crab leg.  such a waste of $ & tummy.  definitely would not recommend to anyone.
Following our Rappel AZ experience we were looking for a snack after lunch... We were looking for a Jamba, and stumbled across thrive. Much Fresher, no sugar, and absolutely perfect fruit based dessert....  I would highly recommend frequenting here..
WOW! Their steaks are amazing. Their Seafood is amazing too!\n\nAs far as steak houses go, I put this place up there with Morton's and Ruth's. \n\nBe sure to try the twice baked potato too!
compared to the glitz and glamous of the newer properties on the Strip, I only stay at Harrahs because they comp my rooms.  Most everything is a few decades behind the times.
It was a cool quirky spot... a bit of a dive... The burgers were good and that environment was entertaining/interesting to look at... a bit crazy.
This poor entity could be soooo much better. It doesn't good to where you want it to go and they didn't build it to the airport. It's kind of a fail. I am sure some people might get some use out of it, but the majority should not waste their money.
My family and I have been coming here for years. The food is always delicious and the staff is always incredibly nice, even while we stand at the counter bickering over what we're going to get. I usually stick to the deal of the pizza, salad, and drink -- can't go wrong with that.
No no. Just don't. There are other places to eat in the complex.  The food is super low quality and the service is shit.
I've never met such a knowledgable and friendly management staff. Results are better than anything I have ever experienced. Everything is tailored to your your body type, goals, age, etc.
When you first walk into this place, it might scare you away. But don't leave! There are about 4 things on the menu but they're 4 little pieces of heaven! This will be some of the best souls food you've ever eatin! Get ready for some unreal food!!
I haven't purchased yet but am impressed my the service so far. Seems like a fair place to deal with. I had an absolutely insulting experience at ridenow.
So far so good. Nothing negative to say about them \"yet\"... Been here a few times, and they have always been good experiences...
Read that this place is the best Thai restaurant in North America. Tried the food and it was incredible! True to its title. One of my most amazing meal EVER. Left the place speechless...
favorite beer selection in town\ngreat food\ncool staff and folk at the bar
The bartender was friendly, but this place was dead. The decor is very pleasing and I hope it becomes more popular. It looks like they've put a lot of effort into the venue. Maybe more advertising is the key to success here.
This place is great. The food is good and the service is pretty outstanding. Definitely try the escargots!
such a great store, been going here for years.  really like being able to buy books new or used and return them for credit for next purchases.  cool, knowledgeable staff, great selection of books, and super greeting card section where you can get blank cards instead of hallmark sayings.
The first time we visited it was great. Tonight the planetarium was disappointing. The presentations were blurry and all six of us walked out complaining to each other about the terrible resolution. Too bad!
Was my first time shooting....had to give it 3/5 being that did not own my own......I couldn't go #HAM
Took my Mother, Daughter and Sister to the Michael W Smith concert  Saturday 1/11/14, We had a great experience, The staff was very friendly, not a bad seat in the house, the sound was great, this is a very special place.
Shut the front door, that was a great burger. Dang. So big I couldn't finish it after I ate some fries.\n\nThose beer battered fries were pretty scrumptious as well.  \n\nReasonable prices for hefty portions, classic and delicious pub-fare.
Just wasn't what is was made out to be. Won't be back. I can make better tacos in my backyard.
i went there sun. for the first time. wasnt worth the $8 at all. i ordered the manhattan. too many onions, not enough spread, meat wasnt that good, bread is port of subs bread.
First time at this club and I hear crickets. Where is everybody tonight?  Complete waste of time except for the crew I'm with.  Might give it another shot some other time:(
Hand made lemon saffron pasta, clams, shrimp, shaved bottarga,wilted arugula thats it! BEST pasta plate Ive ever had! 10 steps from the Poker room and I am a new regular!
Wow, this place has improved! Lately there haven't been any mix ups of credit cards or tabs and no insulting comments by the servers! I now look forward going here whenever local bands play.\n\nImprovements: bartenders, service, servers
Items mislabeled, not enough selection, Over priced! A lot of overweight customers here. Food doesn't exceed my expectations, I would never recommend this place nor come here again. I don't understand what all of the commotion was about to get one in Vegas!
my daughter and I joined la fitness in Glendale az. we canceled our membership . ii have received no less than 20 calls about our account...I have told them many times .we do not want the membership and to check their computer and they keep calling from different phone numbers ..very upsetting
Some really great, real food in a casino. I have been going here for years. It is located in the California Casino on the second floor in a small food court. Get anything, it's good, that's it. The prices are very good, and bring CASH because that's all they take.
Nothing great. Don't pay the extra for the famous truffle oil. It taste more like Penzoil or Quaker state oil. designed for the \"I not know much about fine food but I like to be seen by others just like me\" crowd. If you hang around long enough you'll probably run into a hockey player.
The best sandwiches and shakes in town!
Talk about a lot of random shit. This place has every As Seen on TV invention ever.  Without a 20% coupon I doubt I would have came here. This place is pricier than most. Go shop online and buy this stuff unless you have a coupon.
The coffee is fine, nothing spectacular, the same goes for the pastries. The lines move fast, though, which is a plus when you need that caffeine fix first thing in the morning.
One of the best pastries I've had in my life I got here. I think it's called a \"French bearclaw.\"
Sean Patricks is an Irish Pub, serving Denny's quality food. They must have no faith in their cooks because everything is cooked with no flair.
Seems to be a lot of miscommunication here. It seems like anytime I bring my dog here, multiple people are operating with different information which creates confusion. Other than that, they DID help me diagnose my puppy's liver issues pretty painlessly.
Too Much Food!!! If you go to HHAGG, get a plate and split it.
Awesome happy hour spot and always good times. They play anything from Motown to Jay z!
Don't go to jimmy johns they're a rip off there menu says 4.59 but it's actually 6.01 before tax seriously the delivery speed doesn't make up for the mediocre at best sandwich go to subway or sprouts farmers market both are cheaper both have bigger sandwiches and much higher quality
Love the atmosphere, staff and price! I had a falafel pita, which was delish! However, after looking up the nutritional information on their website, I saw that I had consumed over 800 calories! Next time, I would be more cautious about my order, but overall... everything was great!
The price was fair for lunch buffet.$22.99 for lunch before tax. Worth to try the steak and shrimp cocktail. Normal salad bar, pizza, Asian food. No sashimi for lunch. Desert was pretty good, but compare to other buffet, not much variety. Won't come back for lunch buffet.
CES 2014, Adata party. Since I quit drinking, it was not worth for me to be there. probably, i'm not a party animal who did not fit in this kind of environment? Oh, the dancers were good to watch.
Love the view, enjoy the food, memorable...Very Vegas without the schtick
Certainly room for improvement. I did however enjoy my fiesta salad without the dressing. The salsa was a bit bland. I believe I had the best meal from others in our party. I base this assertion from their comments about the food.
Great food!!!!! I had a bag egg roll last time but its a hit or miss. But best Chinese food  around this area
I stopped by here today to get food to go but after looking at the variety of food I decided to stay and eat multiple plates! I got amazing service everything I got up to try more and promise to return here soon. I highly recommend the goat, it's amazing!
I've been here twice. The food and service are amazing. The owner actually works there and has greeted us both times. This hole in the wall place is definitely worth a visit. I ordered the salmon both times and absolutely loved it.
One of the best sandwich places in the surrounding 100 miles, hands down. Literally everything is fresh, delicious, and has a wonderful homemade feeling to it.\n\nThe atmosphere is fantastic. Its owned and operated by one of the most vibrant and excited individuals I've met. Highly recommended!
OK, the remodel of the gaming floor area is nice, but to close the shrimp bar was a complete slap in the face of history.  Dupars is too busy and expensive to make people feel comfortable just going for a shrimp cocktail.
Not a bad way to kill some time. The guy at the front counter was really nice. Seemed a little overpriced but I still had a great time with my sons. Would be better if it was bigger to entertain birthday parties or a large group.
Better than standard burger fare, but no In-and-Out. \nThat said, 10 STARS for the milk shakes. AMAZING! We couldn't get enough! \n\nJukebox is fun.
Stoopid. I can shove 10 gumballs in my mouth and spit too. I TP'ed when I was in the 7th grade (and that's before global warming was even an issue). Shame on you, hombres en azul.
The wait for a table can be a bit long, but once you sit down you will get great service and your meal super fast. Delicious!
Their standards are becoming less and less desirable.
In buffet world, you get what you pay for, quality versus quantity here, a little pricey but worth it! Great services too...
don't come here for photos for your passport it's a big rip off $16.95 avoid it like the plague everything is overpriced!
Cohabiting The Hive and Bee's Knees.  Opened November, 2012, Mud Dauber's here to provide that thought-quickening perk to your day.  A variety of coffee brews, teas caf and no-caf, baked treats on the best days, and local news.  21st century Phoenix personality.
This place got hit with a dumb bomb!  The food is ok when you get your full order, cant ask much for McDonalds though since the employees cant count higher than 2.
This place was alright. The price and the portion doesn't match. It's nothing different compared  to a hole in the wall Chinese spot. I'd rather have gone somewhere else.
Don't do delivery.\nMy food came totally messed up in every way. Not good at all.
We have been going here for a while and love the food.
Foods ok. Bit expensive. \n\nThere is a walkin cafe right to the right that is better without the wait.
Its Arizona....a little weird...but they are cordial!
was craving for some hookah after some drinks and a show, got in at about 1130 but they close awfully early for a place on the strip left at about 1, but it was a monday night.. was slightly disappointed about that
Nice \"Free\" upgrade from a compact car to a small SUV.  \n\n$450+ for full coverage insurance for less than a week - that's where they get you.\n\nNice car, decent service, but... the insurance cost just kills me.
Don't order online. You pay for what you order but sometimes meat is forgotten, and you're paying for items you don't get. Otherwise the food is good and the people at the counter are friendly.
I'm still fuming over shelling out money for this show.  Save your money and go see O or Love again.  Maybe if this show were $40 it wouldn't be bad.
Today I celebrated my birthday by a surprise lunch at the grill. Great place. Huge plates of mouth watering food. The service was great the food was out of this world. We will be back.
First time going had a HORRIBLE wait time during lunch... The manager comped my food, but for a quesadilla a 30 minute wait is crazy since it's an appetizer.  I will not be going back any time soon.
I received a vanilla brownie Sunday instead of chocolate. Second time my order has been screwed up or they have forgotten something.
it is ok. if it wasn't close to my house I wouldn't go there.
This show was entertaining,but not as good as the SF show. Well worth seeing .
Great pool. 1st time there water was somewhat dirty and oily. No more specials on buckets of beer either. However, it is the place to be during the day if staying at Flamingo.
Delicious healthy food. The steak is amazing. Fish and pork are awesome too. Service is above and beyond. Not a bad thing to say about this place. Worth every penny!
Meh...I wasn't that impressed. Then again, I don't drink. Food wasn't bad, wasn't amazing either. I would say it's fairly average.
My wife and son purchased 4 different cupcakes as a surprise and they ate two of them and both ended up throwing up that night.  We'll NEVER go back.  They are not very good anyway, they have way too much icing and not enough cupcake.
Skip this buffet.  Total waste of money!  The food here tastes like Home Town Buffet - bland, tasteless, and yucky.  Also, the food looks like it sits out a while...not fresh...not good!
Good place to have beer and tequilla. Not much in terms of wine and eating here was a stretch. I had an appetizer.\n\nCeleb watch: Pablo Sandoval site-ing (which take it from 2 stars to 3)
The whole place smells like dirty grease.
Their service was above acceptable, but kind of slow. It was Wednesday night around 9pm and only one section in the restaurant was open for just a few groups. Their business looked very slow there. But I suppose it was a probably typical week night situation.
Worst philly steak ive had. People who cook should wear gloves. The cook at the tme i went to order my food kept answering his cell phone while cooking, very unsanitary. Will never come back to this place
The work the ladies do at this place is awesome! The owner makes you feel welcomed and shares stories with you and remembers you everytime you come in! The only downfall is its a little pricey. If I could afford it this would definitely be my spot!
DSW is one of my favorite places to buy shoes. They have a wide variety at discounted prices.
Great ice cream. The young lady coming around offering water was a very nice touch. Need to empty the trash can on the patio.
My friends and I saw this show last week and I thought it was thoroughly entertaining.  They sang many classics and added a personal touch by including  their love of singing Motown as teenagers.  It was a great show.
THE BEST YEH! SHOP IN MONTREAL!\nThere's less people than the Eaton Center one and the Guy-Concordia one, and it's spacious, well decorated and comfortable. My friends and I have designated it our go-to hang out spot. VIVA YEH
Too much sauce on the pasta. It was served in a bowl and the sauce was almost at the brim. It looked like a noodle soup. I had the squid ink pasta in saffron cream sauce with shrimp.
Good stuff.  Just be sure to check the dates on all perishable items.\nThere baked goods are yum.  Try the cakes & cupcakes.
That's great that they are a locally owned business and they have cheap drinks and food at Happy Hour.  But it is an ugly, boring location with an ugly, boring menu.  My brother-in-law loves this place but I just don't get it.
Cheap, good comfort food. This place has been around a long time, the wait staff is super friendly, and the tea is super sweet.\n\nYou can't go wrong with their fried fish-it was delicious!, or the meat and two they have every day.
Since going to this location, we discovered we were ripped off and completely lied to. Do NOT go to this store!! Talk about dishonest!!
Really cute decor on both the interior as well as the exterior. Great place for business meetings/lunches as well as casual or dressy lunches, brunches and/or dinner with family and friends. Food was moderately priced french-cuisine. Dessert display was impressive and wait staff was both friendly and attentive :)
10/28/12  CLOSED.  Phone disconnected.
Ate at Mesa for lunch. The smoked chicken quesadillas were absolutely delicious! Shrimp tacos were amazing and green chili burger was great. Service was prompt and atmosphere enjoyable. Overall great time!
Food wasn't that great. I went there alone. Still they charged me 18% gratuity and about 30% tip. That's 50% in addition to the bill. I ended up paying 30$ for my lunch.
Iron-man for sure. Thanks Tony for an amazing job and dealing with a difficult customer. My husband finally found his Barber! Truly an amazing cut and experience. Great location and shop.  You rock in the Mohawk dept.
Chipotle is great for a quick lunch. I like their concept and the rapid order/eat system. It's not much for ambiance but likely healthier than most fast food around.
I have tried a few of the burgers and dogs here and loved every one. This is a former Boston Market location and is essentially set up the same way. Don't be in a hurry, this is not fast food.
They have good sandwiches & pastries here...Great place to get snacks.
Been a cafe rio fan for over 10 years growing up in Utah , can say that this cafe rio is the worst , still standing online with only 6 people ahead of me , going on 20 minutes now , ridiculous , also just heard them say 15 minute wait for steak ! Sad to say this cafe rio will never get my business again .
Burgers were very good...just be careful when you order a side of fries or onion rings...  WAY too much for 1 person!
**Update** - This is not a change in rating but I like to be fair.  We were charged for a 19th month after cancelling our contract prior to 18 months.  I called and spoke to Rob and he cordially and professionally resolved the issue.
Mussels, sea bass, sashimi are really good. Unfortunately, the dessert is really a disaster. I made a mistake by going during holiday season. The line was 3 hrs and we went for lunch then ended up in dinner. The price was high, 48+tax, overpriced.
Went with a Groupon for the Buffet. At least half the dishes were too salty to eat. I mentioned this to the Owner(?) and she said that everyone's taste is different. The mango lassi was too sweet too.
This review is just for the take out counter. Went in to get cheesecake that would not have nuts in it. Lovely staff were kind enough to walk me through the options. Ended up with a white chocolate blueberry cheesecake. Hit the spot.
Good food and service each time we have gone. A bit pricey but for convience and food quality hard to complain!
0 stars if I could. \n\nIf you list an email address, make sure you check it and respond to your consumers. Completely unprofessional otherwise.
Not impressed. The pad thai tasted off  and the panang curry with shrimp was completely devoid of flavor/spice. Only the fried tofu and chicken satay were good and those are pretty impossible to mess up. The search for decent Thai in the valley continues....
I was visiting from San Diego and really enjoyed this place! I ordered the turkey club and it was superb
Excellent service very friendly and professional staff and service. It is a family business and they are fantastic at making you feel like you are part of family. Eli the bartender great people skills and good drink selection. Food is excellent and very well presented.
A divey Mexican place that only serves chicken. It was ridiculously cheap and actually quite tasty. The place has obviously got grilling chicken down and the sides such as the onion complement the chicken very well.
Flys flys  flys did I say I don't like flys how can a bartender work with flys all over the counter.  Brisket is like pulled pork slice don't pull  bbq out of a jar first and last time here yuck
Fantastic wings. We had the seasoned and the garlic parm which are both yummy. Nice wings with good meat on them and not fatty. The people were very friendly that work there and even gave us a sample of the honey biscuits! Great food and worth the wait.
Pretty small theatre... Service was ok
My first trip to the strip, I stayed here thinking I was getting a good deal and being smart.  It was a half decent place, but I wouldn't stay there again now that I know better.
Went for lunch recently. The appetizers were good, but the main course was terrible. The beef broccoli was extremely bland and thee pad Thai was simply disgusting. There are several other Chinese and Thai places in Henderson that are far better.
Wow not impressed wit the mens clothing prices. There a whole bunch of higher end store with this price range. The store crew was amazing and helpful! Really nice people.
The nail techs are very friendly and welcoming. Dustin is by far the best nail tech I have ever been to. Prices are reasonable. I will not go anywhere else. Call ahead to make sure you get in with him without waiting.
We have never been disappointed.  The food is well done and the service is excellent.
Food is good. Got a tune-up and thought everything was fixed. Turns out I had to go back and get a part we both thought was fixed repaired again.
I have been to many pho places in the valley. This place is amazing and one of the best
I've been here multiple times now and they have Great service and even better food. All the staff is real nice. Chef will visit the table and if the meal isn't perfect, they will fix it without making a big deal about it. It's a local business and its small but totally worth the trip!
People you have no idea this place is amazing you wouldn't expect based on its location tucked into that little corner the food is fabulous the service is the best. Give this place I shot you will not regret it for real five stars all the way
I love this shop. Not only does it have a fun vibe bit it is incredibly clean and they do amazing work! I am having Anthony finish my arm and it looks amazing!
Overall,  good buffet selection.  Went there on Valentine's day craving for some seafood buffet.  They served complimentary champagne and unlimited lobster claws that night. The line was long but it was  worth the wait.  Asian dishes could be improved, I think.
This parking lot sucks. Whoever thought of having the drive thru come through the actual parking spaces needs to go back to architecture school. \n\nMy *chicken* sandwhich was extremely over cooked and wht can I never get something that looks like the advertised photo? My order always looks thrown together.
being in phoenix, i was hoping for some killer mexican food. canyon cafe was ok. came here for dinner, but wasn't impressed by anything on the menu. ordered the steak fajitas and it was unexpectedly sweet. raspberry margarita was good though!
The food was great! Service below expectations. What ruined it for me was a chef walking around drinking beer outside with patrons.  Then he came inside walking around with beer in hand giving employees direction. Then he asked some patrons to do shots with him at the bar. Not very professional.
Nothing much to say about this restaurant. Its next to the a slot machines, it's cheap but the food is not particularly good.\n\nIt's OK if you're really hungry!
This is my go to breakfast spot with my boyfriend if we're looking for something quick. \n\nThere is so much to choose from and they always let me alter my order for healthier options of available. \n\nCrepes are so good!
I used to go here all the time.  When i moved back to the area i was excited to go back.  I was dissapointed.  I am not sure if they are using bad product or what.  The gel polish peeled off.  My nails were lifting. Several issues over a 2 month period.
great frozen yogurt... wide variety of flavored and they always change... the employees working are always.. and I mean always friendly... a home town place... love it
Great breke - standard fare, but cheap!
Hands down the best BBQ I have ever had! The brisket was absolutely amazing! Will for sure be coming back again.
The food is decent here, I'm just not that crazy about this specific location. It gets absolutely frenzied with all the tourists here.
fun place to hang out for drink on friday and sat nights.
I ordered a taxi for an early morning flight and they were there right on time. My driver wasn't as animated as the ones that  other reviewers got but maybe because I was nearly asleep during the entire ride to the airport.
The wings are good, great beer selection but the all you can eat crab legs are my favorite!! Only recommendation is get rid of the thick fake butter and use clarified. :) will be back sooner rather than later.
Great service, great food! I especially enjoyed the papaya salad, Thai tea, and tapioca pudding dessert.
This place is great for a good breakfast. The potatoes are amazing! There is a variety for everyone from skillets to crepes, to eggs and French toast.
I've been waiting for ODS for about 20 minutes. It's an unfortunate slow start or rather - no start at all- to my vacay. I should have got a regular taxi from the airport instead of pre-arranging and pre-paying for this service. \nPaying to wait .
Atmosphere was adequate, but the food was delicious. Lemon chicken was light and crispy--a real surprise.
So apparently everything has changed at our favorite neighborhood Mexican place.  The last 2 times we were the food was terrible!  3 Margarita's officially broke my heart and I am unwilling to get hurt again!
Low fluids..... Really? #fail #enterpriserental Couldn't fill up the wiper fluid  before u gave the car to me? I was looking at the display that read \"low wiper fluids\" for 7 days! Other than that,  when I get some sort of concession I will give you 5 stars.
Tried this place because it is a sister restrauant of el gallo blanco.  It's like el gallo blanco without the wait. Tried a couple of things on their menu and liked them all. Shrimp cocktail was good, all the tacos were great, and the alcohol drinks like sangria were good also.
Delicious. Friendly staff an generous portions.
Very diverse menu, we've been here 3 times and each time we had a great experience.  Just a heads up if you didn't catch it most dishes have some degree of spice to it for anyone who cant take heat.
I had the chicken and waffles and my friend had the meatloaf. For appetizer we had the pretzel ball with cheese dip. Not a big fan of this place.. the food was just mediocre.
If you've ever thought, \"it's impossible to mess up a quesadilla!\" Then come to del taco for the most bland cheese experience between a flour tortilla in all four corners of the world. No amount of hot sauce could make the quesadilla here appetizing.
My Greek salad was fine but nondescript.  I was especially disappointed in the children's menu.  Pb & j on white bread...really?  we feed our dogs better.  I was hoping for some more nutritious options.
I dig it. I come here to work out and be in my zone. For all these bad reviewers, you joined a gym ... Not a country club so stop complaining. EL OH EL.
Went to the Liberty once. Stood at the door took forever for me to be acknowledged and then was told to find a seat.. Was not really impressed with the burger either.
I don't even know how a gym could be this bad. Service and staff are terrible. Not even worth the $23 a month.
Got a burrito and they had to change tortillas because there was so much liquid in it. I even had to wring it out when I sat down. Ultimately I couldn't eat the soaked and soggy concoction. So disappointed because I like Chipotle
KFC has seriously gone down hill .WAYY over priced .will stick with Churchs chicken from now on
I agree. I was not allowed the restroom but they did take my money. Don't come here if you are a high schooler
Omg yummy little hidden gem!!! Egg plant sandwich really good and this coming from someone who would never get a veggie sandwich.the place is small with two people tables and Olivier is super nice and friendly can wait to come back and try their soups.
I would give them 3.5 stars but my husband says 4 so bumping up. You really have to be in a sugar mood to fully enjoy the offerings but its cute and a huge menu of options with decent to huge portions. Bathrooms are right outside in the casino. A quirky and unique place to visit.
Eh.  I don't know.\n\nFood was okay... drinks were super duper strong, to the point of almost nastiness.  \n\nI don't think I would try to come back here.
Decent food however the restaurant is always disheveled. Napkins on the floor, tables not cleared quickly, and the bathroom usually looks like a small tornado whipped through. Other than some soggy bread on occasion the food is OK. Waitstaff seem friendly enough but also often disheveled as well.
Facials are outstanding.  The Joya Terrace pool lovely between services.'
Lots of yogurt flavors and mix-ins.  Seems a bit expensive.  Worth a visit if you like to customize your dessert!
Love this place! The atmosphere is wonderful. I've had massages by Lyndsey and facials by Kelly, all were amazing!
I like this Starbucks!  Very quick, good baristas, and plenty of seating - inside and out!
The club was interesting but very cramped.  Packed full of people, it was hard to get a drink, dance, or go to the bathroom.  There was nearly no way to get to some open space to have a minute to breathe.  It is very similar to other nightclubs on the strip.  Nothing particularly special about it.
Wow!  Great tasting every time!  Love everything I have ever tried!  Highly recommend!
Nice place in the middle of a residential area making it a quaint local spot.\nReally enjoyed the Pacifico on tap ($4.25/glass) and the Nachos gustivo pequeno ($9.00 for small).\nA bit pricey but still a fun place.
If you're Indian looking for authentic food, sorry to disappoint but this is not the place you're looking for. The food is bland, they got the spices all wrong and to be honest I lost my appetite and had an upset tummy for 2 days.
Very moderate to poor quality of food. The salads were served cold, taken straight from the refrigerators.
Raised the prices, for there small pizzas from 6.99 to 10.99. Okay pizza I paid extra for pepperoni but they only added 4 little pieces of pepperoni. Big plus there open late
I'm sitting here watching them NOT clean my cuticles after I asked them to redo it. Definitely won't be coming back here. How did this place get 4 stars??
Food gets a 4-star, service gets a 2-star.  If service improves then worthy of repeat visits.  They are smart with a fairly limited food menu as this keeps quality up to snuff in my opinion.
Great pizza. I've had it 3 times. Would go again. But the place is a little dingy. But most good pizza places are;)
Hannah is the most amazing waitress in the joint. I highly recommend you sit in her section!
The Teppanyaki grill is the only good part it taste much better than others but the service is bad and I once found what looked like plastic shards maybe fish bones in my sushi rolls yuk
Awesome place!!!! Best wings I have ever had and amazing happy hour!!
I just come to Albertson's if I need to pick up a few things real quick. Usually I just get my Almond milk from here if I don't feel like driving to Whole Foods. If I am going to go grocery shopping, I would rather hit up Costco and Whole Foods.
Been here several times, this place is awesome. You can't beat their prices for the lunch or dinner specials, and the food tastes excellent. I recently find myself getting cravings for this place. I prefer the Pad Kemao(thicker noodles) to the standard Pad Thai, but thats just me.
Came for the Vegas Bowl.\n\nSmall stadium, crowded facilities, bad acoustics, can hardly hear the announcer where we sat (Section 25, row 7).\n\nWell, Trojans won, so I'm happy :)
Quiet and subdued spot for breakfast, although the vibe was hurry up and finish. Check arrived unbidden, plates removed at the earliest moment. They should invest in tea cozies to keep it hot for the second cup.
I recently purchased a Dodge Charger from Greenlight Auto and I couldn't be happier with the customer service I received.  Bill and his salesman Cody where more then helpful throughout the entire process.  Great place, great car selection and they are definitely a customer first place. I refer everyone I know to go try them out.
Way over priced for the selections. Paid $29.99/person. Prime rib was cold and tough to chew, onion rings were soggy, mussels pasta was too salty, etc.  Overall taste was bad. Very disappointed.
Food always good here.
Excellent Thai, not the typical selections you see at most Thai places. Decor and overall atmosphere very hip. Prices are reasonable for what is truly an Asian gourmet meal.
I went to this center yesterday to take my CPR class and it was an excellent experience.  Tom is very knowledgable and make learning fun. I highly recommend this place. I'm not going anywhere next time.
I got the Heart Throb burger with fries and cup of chili.  The chili wasn't my favorite, but wasn't that bad.  The burger was really good.  Cooked to medium with some pink the flavor was great.
new, clean, the equipment is maintained and most of the classes are ideal - what else can a gal ask for at the gym?
This pizza chain is one of kind.  Villa Pizza has one of the best recipes around!!  This one is located inside the Red Rock Casino.  The service is quick.  The ingredients are premium and the taste is delicious.  It is well known for its New York style thin crust!  Been there many a times and it still is the same great flavor every time.
Security were assholes. Had a drink for my girlfriend, security said I couldn't have it and kicked me out. Tons of attitude, not worth it. Skip this and go anywhere else.
I love this little family run italian place.  They have some of the best italian food in town.  The chicken millanese (order it wet) is fantastic - you never need a knife.  Also try the pasta with Vodka sauce. Great little ambiance and friendly service.
Just okay...I would say the most over rated sushi joint in town. This place is always packed but the cucumber salad and tuna poke were as bland as can be!! Everything else was just okay...the sexy girl was fantastic!!!!!
Amazing service!
I love the Sausage & Pepperoni Stromboli's. Being located inside The Orleans, the food is always fresh. Since the restaurant sits across from the sports bar, I enjoy watching whatever live sports happens to be on at the time. Certainly worth a look. I'll be back.
Not sure why so much negative feedback on this place?   I've eaten here probably 50 times and never had a bad experience yet.  There are simply some haters out there.  I live this place!  I definitely give this place a 5-star rating.  These guys have always been super friendly to my girlfriend and I!
Nice little place that serves deliciously fresh Greek food at excellent prices.  The service is always very friendly and the restaurant is very clean.  We have never been disappointed here with we have eaten in or taken out.  Great place for that \"ooops...I forgot to take something out for dinner\" night.
tuna sandwich was ok. (if you like cheap tuna dripping with more olive oil than 3 salads would need.) kind of pricey for a plain sandwich , no drink etc. bread was good but that was about it.
Such a cool place, everyone is really nice and the bartenders are super fun! They have a lot of events!! Would totally recommend if people are looking for a local bar!
They did a great job in cleaning the poop in my backyard. Would have gave them 5 but was quoted to come between a certain time and didn't. But they did a good job.
upscale atmosphere; quiet; excellent service and wine selection
Wonderful breakfast!  Love the monte cristo, the breakfast enchiladas and the eggs benedict.
Nice place.  Had elk and wagyu sliders. Brilliant! Wagyu was def the better  also amazing tater tots yes tots! With a variety of dipping sauces. Nice bar selection. Recommended for a low key meal or snack
Dillons food is great. Normally the service is as well. This is not the case with this location.  Kudos to t get e chefs, unsatisfactory for your service.
I received a response from William.  Apparently my first email went into his spam folder.  He is going to provide an email gift card for us to try the place out again.  I haven't received the card yet, but I think my husband and I will give it one more shot and see if things have improved.
Mastros is always our Go To place for a nice evening out. Great food and excellent service.\nButter cake is hands down the best desert I have ever had.
they suck.. dont go there
Still good but a bit down from last time.
So far I've tried this place 3 times. All I can say is it's below average Mexican fast food. Mexican food with FLAVOR is not that hard to make.
Been here a few times. I always get pizza and it's really really good. Great size for one. The place is kinda awkward but the food is good and that's most important. Always have had a pleasant experience. Will return!
good value hotel, right on Fremont Street, easy check in and polite staff, would highly recommend !
You can't go wrong with a little Cracker Barrel. I got the chicken fried steak and it was great. My friend had the pecan pancakes and I don't really like pecans.. But they were tasty!
This is a very busy location, but were super every time we went!  Gluten free done right at this location.  For being a very busy spot, the staff was very attentive and well trained.  They do have a walk up take out window as well if you want to just grab a bite and take it back to your room.
Hit or miss, just like all Robertos are.
The bartending staff at Irish wolfhound is always working hard to make sure everyone feels welcome. especially after a long day at my restaurant it feels nice to come in and be recognized because they always know our names and what we usually drink it feels like our version of cheers. Dirty bird forever! !!!!
The food was great. I had the Tryst Benedict and my co-workers had the oatmeal. Our server, Brianna, kept our coffee glasses full at all times and was overall fantastic! I'll definite come back when I come back to visit.
I'm a regular here, and its a good location, clean, nice service and overall leaves me wanting more Starbucks. \n\nMission accomplished.
What can I say.... There is nothing better than a Double Double with grilled onions and fries.
Terrible customer service. The barista couldn't wait to finish helping so she could get back to her texting. She was moving quite slowly while making one drink with four customers in line waiting to be served.
So much fun. My boyfriend and I rented a pedal boat. Brandon delivered his safety brief witb the perfect balance of professionalism and humor. The boats are a little slow but it was an all around great time.
Very Nice Atmosphere, As Far As The Food The Only I Had So Far Was The Shrimp Bisque It Was Good Not Great But Good. But I Will Go Back To Try A Few Other Things
The chicken philly sub is great! I order the same thing everything I got and have not been disappointed with my pick.
Excellent craps dealers!  Eric, Randal & Julius are so friendly that I kept coming back to play!\nThe music was way too loud, I had to scream my bets to the dealers!
Went in because I had a free dinner offer from AMEX- will definitely return. Food was fresh and cooked to order. Staff was knowledgeable and pleasant. We were told that the wait for 4 would be close to an hour but we were able to sit at a community table for 4 right away.
One word- Chicken'nDumplings! (or is that two words?)  Love it!  Not everything on the menu is perfect, but everyone comes here for their favorite thing, my boyfriend loved the pork chops, and rarely stray from their usual order.  A true southern diner.
What an awful wash.  Who cleans glass, mirrors, and rims with the same towels?  These guys.  My car was actually dirtier when I left this place.  Never again.
Service is great! Prices are crazy though, in my personal opinion two entrees and an order of pan fried dumplings for $27 is kind of a shocker. The food is good but it's not $27 good. Very nice customer service.
Wow my food was just awful !!' Steak was very thick & dry & just couldn't even chew it !!! Paid $16.00 and I would love to enjoy my food !!! Sorry won't be back !!! Oh yea had the fajitas ....
The espresso foofy drinks here are incredibly strongly caffeinated.  You*will* get a rush.  The caramel rush is delicious but heavy.  Coffee delicacies that drink like a meal.
I've never been a fan of Phoenix's Sky Harbor. Seems liek I always have to switch concourses or at least the wing of the concourse and my flights usually get delayed.\n\nNot sure what the reasons are, but it makes me want to take measures to avoid this airport and I fly ALOT!
Atmosphere is great, but the service was subpar.  The tables next to us were offered samples of margaritas and overall seemed to have better service.  We will likely not return, expenisve food which was average at best.
I have gone to both meeting locations.  Great group of people!  Run very well and organized.  Has great education topics at every meeting and all for $10.  There is a meet and greet time before and after as well!
Amazing, local, fresh Chinese food with large enough portions to feed 2-3 people per dish. This place looks like a dive, but do not be fooled by outward appearances. They are always busy, because they are good! And Chinese food delivered, in Mesa, AZ? Awesome! We are new, happy customers for life.
A must go to when in Vegas for the meat and Caipirinha lovers!
Had a bad experence there. Food was OK but we were treated badly.
Relatively new nail salon in Villeray. Big location, very clean and comfortable. Nice collection of colors to choose from (OPI, Essie, Shellac). They offer 15%  student and elder discount on Mondays and Tuesday. Prices are very competive even without the discount.
So many beer options, decent food, and pint night for $3 on Monday.
Friendly barkeeps and stiff drinks. Live band and over a dozen HD TV's with sports.....great place to kill time in Vegas. Give the garlic fries and tuna tacos a try when you desire a snack. FYI, drinks are comp'ed while playing video poker or blackjack at the bar.
I headed here for a Sunday morning hangover cure. I ordered the carne asada nachos. It came with complimentary strands of long black hair.
I had to use them with Old Republic Home Warranty.\nWhat a terrible rude, disorganized and unprofessional company to deal with!\nI'm seeing what I can do to have Old Republic remove them from their list.\n\nBAD NEWS!
Food was good, kinda expensive, I thought. I went there and ordered for take out. Service was OK. didn't impress me none.. I might go back, but note for a long time...
Had another great meal at Chop Shop today. Must say I am very impressed with the  remodel, really opened up the place. Got the BBQ salad wrap for the first time which was a great choice. I took a friend for her first time and I am going to guess she will be returning frequently. Great spot as always!
I love Sanrio!!! and I love Hello Kitty!!! and I love this location!!! This store has an excellent selection. It has more products than most Sanrio locations. I recommend all Hello Kitty lovers to stop by whenever they are in Las Vegas. You will not be disappointed.
WTF is a reservation for or calling ahead to hold seating if you have to wait 45 min.?  Just simply state \"we dont take reservations\". Don't set false expectation.  Horrible customer service!!!!!
Good food, but don't go there for Happy Hour! All of the prices online are NOT the actual prices.  They have ALL gone up and they didn't honor the price.  We went there for a good deal but left paying almost the same price as a regular meal that wasn't happy hour!
Horrible!  No flavor, weak sushi, and menu prices do not match what they try to charge you .. They try to scam you on the price.. Beware!!!!
Good food that doesn't feel/taste like all the other casino places.  Fun atmosphere and awesome waiter equates to a 4 star rating.  I'd go again and you should give it a try...enjoy!
Disappointed... I do luv Jonny the bartender! My steak was dry & over cooked... My friends bone in Filet looked good next time I will order that!
After a couple rough experiences at other Vig locations, the Vig Fillmore is a much better experience. Good food, good service and a good atmosphere brings it all together.  We'll be back!
Kiosk area with random assortment of items.  The biggest positives of this area is the Tix4Tonight store and the fans with water misters...  Everything else there is just \"meh\" in my opinion.  Nothing to make as a destination.
The food here is good, but in no way is it great. The steaks are okay, often they sear it a little too much and it ends up way too burnt on the outside. The actual facility is really cool, full of history. Prices are way too high for the quality of food they are selling.
Great menu with a lot of choices.   \n\nThe restaurant was extremely busy - the order was incorrect.  Hush puppies were cold and received 1 onion ring.
I wish it were closer.   I love sampling from each truck.   You gotta love when you can have a smoothie and burrito at the same table.
Amazing honey BBQ sauce.  Wings wet and crispy.  Great atmosphere.  I can't imagine going anywhere else for wings.
The manager was inflexible and would not issue a refund after I canceled my room. Rude and would never stay at this property in the future. Bad business
Trying to eat healthier and pizza is my weakness. (so good luck to me) Therefore, I was delighted to run across Naked Pizza that allows me to do both. The pizza did not lack on taste and was priced within my budget. Will go again
This place is amazing!  The girls found that Wednesdays are just plain wonderful, with their food and wine deals... Delicious pizza and the half price bottles of wine can't be beat... Can't wait to go back. \nThe owners are friendly, welcoming and inviting.
I dig this spot for lunch. It reminds me of being home in New York. sitting in the 7th street market and taking in the things around you while eating this nearly perfect pizza is heart warming. Almost as good as standing in the streets of NYC with a slice the size of your head on wax paper. Almost. Good job Pure Pizza. Good job!
What a great place to eat and make new friends. I was encouraged by a friend's review of the place and I thought I would experience it for myself.  Food and service is superb.  I'm excited to take my son here. So much better than Chipotle's!
Watch out...they will try and up sell you for unnecessary items as I experienced first hand when I took my wife's Lexus there for an oil change.
As a Realtor in Las Vegas, I love working with Sellstate Neighborhood! They are always very friendly, knowledgeable, and professional.
5 dollar foot long
Servers mixed up orders, overly salted fries, peach tea tasted rancid.
I gave them one star because I couldn't give them zero. 2 hours for delivery and the person on the phone just kept saying they were my neighborhood. Finally called and told the, to cancel it but I half expect them to still charge me.
I had eggs, bacon, and hash browns. Service was a little slow, but good. The food was just ok. I prefer the Grand Lux cafe.
Not a bad looking hotel on the outside. Not a bad casino, but the rooms are crap. You can't lock the door when your in the restroom.
Sooooo yummy! They have a great big menu of sushi items to choose from... the special rolls are really good. Love this place!
I ordered the honey hot wings. The wings were nasty. They looked old and did not taste good at all. Sauce was horrible too!
This place is pretty bad. The mashed potatoes tasted like dirt, the sweet fries were nasty and soggy, and the macaroni was just bleh!!!! The pulled pork sandwich was jusok but nothing special at all. I don't think I will be coming back here again.
Had the sage chicken Benedict and was ok,nothing great. I expected more as this chain is highly rated by many people. The portions are huge! More than enough for 2 people! I'll try again and order something else to give a second chance.
What a show!  Great, crisp music and choreographed acrobatics.  Always something going on at multiple levels.  Sat in first row of 306 balcony section- more leg room for tall people and could see whole show without looking up.
I had dinner there last night and not only was the pizza great, but the customer service was excellent!!
It's always the first place I eat at when returning to Scottsdale.
I got to say this is one of the best antique store in the valley, you got to have at least two hours to get a good look at the story, you never know what you going to find in here, I will recommend this place to family am friends. Ill be back again when I have more time and not in a hurry.
My kids and I love this place. They are always excited to come to class. The dojo is full of friendly, helpful staff that are always upbeat and full of energy. They have worked wonders with my kids as far as discipline, fitness, patience and so much more. It's always a pleasure to come here!
High quality nice sushi. I had the madai from Japan. Very good deal. Quick and great service.
Toughest veal I ever had,  room was very hot and humid.  Risotto. Itching special
This place is out of business as of Monday morning.  The staff were called that morning and to not come in as the owner is closing the doors.   \nWhat a douche thing to do.... oh wait it is in Old Town, so par for the course....
The steaks we had were disappointing for the price. We both order medium rare, my wife got a rare steak and I got medium. They argued that they we're cook correctly.  \n\nI have better steak at Outback, longhorn.
I would not come back.  The prices were high for bar food and there were several misprints on the menu.  I expected more from Gordon Ramsey.  Food was average.  The one good thing was the devil eggs... If you find yourself there, get them!
First! And last! Time here. Horrible buffet. By far grossest food. Been to many Asian buffets and this was a joke. Even Asian buffets in montana are better and more authentic. No idea what half the food is or if it's what the labels that are pen written say.
Great food and people watching at the bar... Almost hard to believe it's a chain...
The bathroom was very nice. \nOtherwise, overpriced drinks with lots of ice and little alcohol. Not a place to hit up.. Definitely a \"must miss.\"
This location is much cuter and has more character than the Mesa Location on Alma School Rd. The staff are friendly & attentive! The chile rellenos are delicious and their salsas are very spicy & flavorful! Love this place!
Daughter likes this place more than Taco Bell! But I am the Taco Bell fan! This location is fine, I never see this place that busy? Food is OK, i do like their combo burrito and chili cheese fries! Daughter loves their tacos. We will continue to come back.
they sell Propane. Gas is always the highest in the area. The staff is always friendly and its always clean.
We went through the drive through the Lady handed me the bag,\nFirst she forgot my sodas\nSecond I asked for two large and two mediums and she gave me all mediums.\nThird when I got home I was missing my fries.\nThat's why I hate drive through
I love the nachos and Sand Bar. I also love the service. Amazing!!! I like to hang out on the patio and drink margarita. :)
For me, this place is more function over form.  Wait staff is ifey, food is overly complex which results in a muddled taste.  \n\nBetter restaurants in the immediate area, so for me - it is a pass..
This place is tasty!!! Chicken Katsu is the best with the spinach salad!  They have one of the best desserts, Grandma's chocolate cake and you have to get it with the coconut ice cream!!! Yummmmm!!!!
Simpy said this place is overpriced and the food is just average.  I ordered the Sukiyaki and there was plenty of broth in the pot but it was very bland!  Sigh, and what is Sukiyaki without the raw egg?!  Bleh, never coming to this place again.
Are meal took along time and when it finally came they got are order wrong and acted like it was are fault. And the cheeses burgers we ordered were bland and nothing special. I dont think I would have a reason to go back.
Definitely not the best chicken or lamb gyros that I've had, but I was craving it badly. \n\nService is great!
Great food!  Best falafel I've had.  Fresh and authentic.  I had a Lebanese babysitter when I was younger who used to cook delicious food very similar to the flavors I enjoyed here.  Bravo!
Really good food.   I have walked past this place for over a year and decided to stop in.  Everything was very good.  I had chicken teriyaki skewers and a rice bowl with beef and chicken.   I would highly recommend this as a place to go when in the strip!
Food is excellent. Don't let the restaurant fool you. You may feel like you're risking your life by eating here but it's super delicious and fresh. The staff was so nice and the take very good care of you.
Great neighborhood bar with great Pizza.  I usually get a large pizza to-go and I am always happy with it.  Good Ranch dressing and friendly employees.  Thumbs up.
These sandwiches scare me.....
Really good pizza and wings!
I really enjoy their burgers and milk shakes!
Too pricey for a small portion of food...specially their rice toppings.
Awesome!  We ate here several times and everything was very good.  Good service, clean place, and the noodles...
Good music. Good drinks.mgreat creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e.
well, that was fast! my sandwich was made before i even finished paying.\n\nThe bread wasn't anything to write home about. \n\n\nThe whole experience was simple, fast, and easy.
Love kohler academy!!! Have had 6+ cut and colors and they have all turned out fantastic. Ask for Andrew or carlee.
Really less quantity and totally dis-interested service .. Wasted my money here today ..
The staff is really nice, and it is a cute little shop, but OMG flies galore!  Flies crawling all over the doughnuts, flies dive bombing all around the store.  The only thing this place needs to complete it is Jeff Goldblum.
Wouldn't go back. It's a cool spot and all but it was too expensive for a dive bar. Maybe it was for the show but it felt overpriced for what the spot really is. Bartender was nice, got carded twice since they don't have security checking who comes into the place.
Horrible Service. Extremely slow to seat us... and feed us... and water us... and bill us... slooooow.\nWe won't be going back.
I got so sick and was throwing up after eating there! I have never been back since. And normally I never get sick to my stomach. I don't trust their food. And it is so overprized and overrated.
Love this place!  The staff is always nice and helpful. They have great products and they are knowledgeable about the ingredients in their products.\nWe definitely like to support small businesses that care about customer service.
I was going to give it 4 stars because they're a little pricey for the size you get but the pies themselves are too good. So delicious!!!
We had dinner there on Sunday, January 26, 2014. The service, food, and atmosphere was wonderful!  The owner/chef came to our table and chatted with us for a few minutes. We will definitely go back!
Delicious mall food in a great location!! Always a good choice
Don't order the fried pickles :/  If they weren't free with the yelp check-in offer then I would've complained.  Everything else was just so-so, but I guess not terribly bad for a hotel resort joint.  The ice cream sundae was tasty at least :P
Thus show was so beautiful and the people are so talented. I can't believe how brave all these people are, I could never put on a show like that. It was fun although I did watch it by myself.
Aloha would always have earned a 4 for me in the past. But today, we ordered our usual corned beef hash dishes. The cornee beef serving was tiny. I guess they are trying to save money on their food now...
A great local Sushi restaurant that deserves a try...\nI've never been disappointed, always good food for a good price.\ngreat care is taken with how the fish is handled and prepared.\nAnd they have a lot of ingenuity and experience in the kitchen.
Not a fan of this location. Ordered the pork sandwich and the bread was stale. Van Buren location is much better.
I only wish we were more hungry so that we can have the full burger experience. We ordered the sliders which came in three varieties, zucchini fries, and sweet potato fries. They were all very juicy and tender and full of flavor. A good place to go before catching The Lion King at Mandalay Bay.
This is a very nice movie theater. It has comfy seats and it's not too packed. It's a little more pricey than other theaters but I'd pay for the atmosphere.
Love this place!\n\nTry to go here at least once a week to get thier calzones.\n\nThey are addicting and i can't get away from them, to try anything else!!
kind of sad this was a top hotel but now it is old and worn out like most to the total rewards hotels.  Rooms need to be upgraded
Reasonably priced and decent portions.  The decor was a bit confusing, a dance floor and a disco ball for a restaurant off Tenaya.....doesn't quite fit the neighborhood.  Food was pretty tasty.
Quality food. Relaxed atmosphere. The food is really fresh and it's clear the owners have a desire to serve high quality food.\n\nYou can get items from super spicy to flavorful and mild. There's something for everyone.
I like places with a lot of character and this is a nice fun place to visit. Is the food amazing? No, but it's not bad. Frozen hot chocolate really is like a chocolate shake but it's fun to drink and it is pretty good. I will definitely return for more desserts!
Average food, average service. Marinara sauce over spaghetti was far too sweet. Tasted like canned. Italian sausage was bland at best. Wine selection was average and overpriced.  Would not recommend.
The girl would not serve my friend in a motorized vehicle in the drive through. Told me she was calling the cops but called a security guard and no justice was had. Rude and mean woman needs to be fired from her job. Worst service ever at a mediocre establishment that just lost all credibility.
Sorry Papa. My pizza was kinda bland, nothing really special about it. Instead of the Supreme maybe next time (if there is one) I'll try one of those specialty pizzas.
We had about 8 people in our party and got seated right away.  The food did take forever to come, and we were super hungry! I ordered tri tip sandwhich - The food was overall OK. Maybe I should have ordered something else because everyone else liked what they had ordered. I loved how the check was all in french though.
Close to everything. Spacious room Weird layout. Getting in and out is a journey of a couple elevators and stairs. Sort of a maze. But it does keep the mobs out. Kids liked the place. Much quieter than most strip hotels.
Nasty yogurt, the place is trying to be like the 50's or something how clich\u00e9.  As for the car show what a joke just a bunch of good ol boys with wannabe show cars.  Don't waste your time on this place.
Wow.  I'm literally standing in the check in line as I write this review and it is an ASTOUNDIMG mess. I've had better service at Taco Bell. I've been waiting in line for almost half an hour now.  Hopefully the rest of this stay is much.much.better.
Sometimes little long to wait but overall worth it! Large selection on tap and the food is amazing!! Great place! Would recommend to anyone to try out!! Also have  live music on some nights!
This place is pretty cool. Love the decor and the staff is very friendly. I did get sick after eating here the first time. lol But I am willing to give it another try!
Wow! I am giving this location 2 stars for the day. 2 employees were rude and I could not find the napkins. I guess they are behind the counter and you have to ask for them.
Fountain of Youth Message was recommended by Toby Acuna, Spa Supervisor. Best message & Facilities in Vegas. Great deals and beautiful ambiance/amenities.
They are no longer at that location n e more.... U can call the location and it just rings and rings... So we decided to go there. N it has a statement on the door that they violated their lien or something and it's completely empty. No More Big Burrito!
Waited 15 min for water and 20min for dessert that was already made in the dessert case! Should've left and had ice cream at home! We watched an employee slice our cake from the mirror then she left it there for a while trying to find our server to serve it to us. I could have just got it myself.
This place is terrible. The hostess was rude and the food is over priced! I ordered a falafel and a fatoush salad and both were disgusting. I paid 20 dollars. What a waste! The food is definitely not authentic. I do not recommend this place.
Rude staff, and they were all sick too!! Stay at home! They even had the gall to take my money 30 min past my appt time and before any services were done. That's. first. I see why now, people walked out. Do not go here, don't even say thank you after taking your money
Best cob salad! Great beer selection. Meatloaf amazing.
Those reviews sound like other companies bashing. I actually live at 909 and my apartment is amazing!  So is Cathie. And we are getting a dog park!  I love it here!  Don't hesitate to move here!  It's awesome.
I specifically went to this Goodwill based on other Yelpers reviews but honestly its just a normal Goodwill. I didn't find anything here and its also kinda small compared to other locations. I probably won't be back just because its far from where I live.
Run of the mill cheap Chinese fast food and other poor quality fast food grade food.
I wanted to like this place. I really did. But the fried fish was tough and the french fries only luke warm. The chocolate shake was the redeeming value.
Fun place. Open 24 hours. Good pastries and coffee. Quirky decorations.
It's 5 o'clock somewhere but you want to get here before 5 because that's when happy hour ends. I have not tried their food but their atmosphere is undeniably Upward Projects. I just wish they had more beer on tap.
Hubby and I dropped in after a hellish morning at the Social Security office. Hubby loves pizza so we made a stop.\n\nPizza wan't bad, it was actually pretty decent. But the place was disgusting and the cashier was incredibly rude.
16 flavors, 40 toppings. Although yet another place that doesn't have granola for a topping. Maybe I'm weird, but I like it. They have a couple tart flavors, always a plus. Personally, I rate it above Orange Tree or Blue Ocean, but still below Yogurtland.
This place has great fresh cooked and made mexican food.  Out of all the mexican places in Arizona (which are alot but awful) I will go back here
If you're by the Venetian and want to chill and have a drink or two, this place is cool. Also can be a spot to hit up after a Tao if you're all partied out but this want to to chill.
Came back to try the All you can eat, even though i did not try the lot, i liked what i ate.  I understand they are a small place and they do a good job with what they have.  This is definitely a great place to go and eat some good sushi at a great price.
This is the only acceptable pizza I've eaten in Pittsburgh. Having tried 11 other pizza places in delivery range of Oakland, there is no contest. When I feel nostalgic for a NY slice IVP is the only viable solution.
central grease-stro.  nuff said.
Jean Philippe, my go-to spot for desserts. I have yet to be disappointed by any item I've tried, and I don't anticipate ever to be disappointed. They have a variety of delectables, from pastries to gelato to paninis.
WOW! Just try it. Delicious! Best Spring Roll I've had in a long time. The Phnom Penh soup was exotic and fabulous. The owners obviously care about their food and their homeland. I will definitely go back soon.
Went expecting a \"very good\" steak. Left after enjoying a \"good\" steak. It didn't have the good concentrated flavor a dry aged steak should have. The Caesar salad, especially the dressing, was very good though, although I prefer a more authentic Caesar with anchovies which they do not offer.
First time meh. Second time awful -- fine cut, just poor service. Friend was also treated poorly (I mean really poorly) and I'd hate for anyone else to go through it.
Food can be so-so at times and service can be slow.
Best hangover food on the planet! Their Macho Beef Burrito is fantastic! I like all of their Mexican items as well, but the burgers and American fare is just OK, nothing to talk about one way or another. Its clean and bright inside if you decided to dine in.
Worst wait time and customer service. The food at this point is beyond the point.
It's cheap soup with cheap veggies, but when you're a college student and you're hungry and poor...this is a place to go.
I love the coffee, but no raw sugar and one coffee carafe was empty and a less than enthused staff. Back to Starbucks
Was advised by a married couple on the airplane to try Fireside. Doesn't look that great from the outside but its an excellent place to eat or relax. The fire pits are amazing and very romantic. The Pepper-mill side is good to, an waitresses are superbly dressed in an oldies but revealing attire.
I had the Margarita pizza.  It was nothing spectacular.  The restaurant was clean and one of the least smoky places inside the Golden Nugget.
These people where not very nice . I don't normally waist time writing bad reviews on things I don't like. Something should be said .  This place was horrible !!!! Don't waist you're time or money.
Everything here was good.  The burgers and shakes were great.
Never again will I go in this place, the prices are outrageous. I ordered one bagel and I asked for about a tablespoon of cream cheese, figured how much could that be, she says $3.29! Never again, I should of went to the grocery store this bagel is not even that good.
get a load of the name of this place. way to set your customers up for feeling let down. Back to the volcano for a nap!
Great happy hours. Asian garlic wings are fantastic!  Great onion rings. I would rate higher but I've only been here for happy hour. They have a full menu but haven't tried it yet
This is a hidden treasure in the MGM. Great for after concerts or if you need a little breather before ramping up again. Toward the back are a few super comfy \"couches\" with tv right in front of you.
Gosh the selection of hot sauces here makes this my favorite sub shop. I love the Poison sauce. Good prices, delicious food. Try it if you haven't already!!
We were here for lunch last weekend and the food and service were both excellent! It's been a long time since we've received such great service. We had the pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries and fish & chips. Both dishes were great but I think the pulled pork was our favorite. We will definitely be back again soon.
\"Go look at the wall\" what kind of customer service is that? We came in here and asked about a certain costume and that was the answer we got...
For a long time we kept going back because of that beautiful outdoor garden/patio. BUT, the food is just consistently very mediocre. Disappointing. Weird to me that it's such a madison staple. Go to the Old Fashioned instead...much better food, more fun (no garden though).
Best after-party in Vegas-- Drai's rocks.  Sexy house music, sexy people, sexy decor and generous cocktails.  Love it!
I am sorry to say that this place is nothing close to what it once was. The service my wife and I encountered was terrible and the food was below average. There are a ton of other places very close to Del's that will offer up better Italian food if that is what you are looking for.
This place is a little pricy and it's pretty busy as well. Without reservation you will probably have to wait for a while. Mm I would suggest the frozen hot chocolate- that is a must try! You don't have to get anything else but you have to get this frozen hot chocolate!
High-end brands, rock-bottom prices, and it smells like Marshall's in here... Or maybe it's just the scent of bargains.
Ate here last night. Food was poor at best.  Don't let the concept fool you, it's no good...
Combination kabobs are excellent. Wonderful treatment of rice.  Definite value, with a nice atmosphere
My friends raved about this place so I was really excited to try it. We all shared the different pasties that we each ordered and they were all flavorless and underwhelming. Was not a fan.
LOVE LOVE LOVE everything I've ever eaten here!  My fav is the Albondigas, but everything else is GREATNESS too!
The store is beautiful and is the only one in Vegas that carries ready to wear but I will NEVER shop there again. I will go to any of the other Louie stores or order offline from now on. I was extremely disappointed with thier customer service. I have never been treated so badly while shopping at a luxury store.
Just alright. Went there after hearing a raving review from a friend...but for the price I really didn't think it was anything special.
I love a good burger but this place is a huge disappointment. Your easily spending $25 for a burger, fries, and one drink. For that price I would expect a burger that would knock my socks off.
So sad to hear that CHOP is no longer doing the Thursday Date Night Special.  We really enjoyed having the excuse to treat ourselves on Thursday.  I hope management brings it back. :-(
This rating is for the agent not for Mercury Insurance.
Don't get fooled about the special.. It only applies during the week days and non holidays...came here on July 4 holiday and charges almost doubled the advertised rate...call total reward number and they were useless...NEVER CALL AGAIN!!!
This place is so terrible.  Don't waste your money or time.  Only thing that was ok was the batting cage.  Staff horrible management even worse!
Perfect place for the adventurous palette.\n\nThe three course meal was prepared exceptionally and left me satisfied. Not too much food or too little.\n\nThe chef's attention to detail and use of seasonal ingredients made for an excellent dining experience.\n\nWell worth the price.
Thin crust and a bit burned on the edges. Extremely light on the sauce and 1 slice got 1/2 of a pepperoni. For 5.99 + tax=$6.49 eh average grub. Might return.
Probably the best way to get around the strip. It's fast enough and gets you where you need to go. But if you want to get to like the Stratosphere or Circus Circus, be prepared for a bit of a walk.
Favorite Italian spot to go. Love the ravioli! Haven't gotten anything there I didn't like. Reasonably priced, quiet atmosphere, and the servers are always pleasant.
Clean, great coaches! I did my 101 essentials training here. They do 10 min talks after each workout regarding diet, stretching, benefits of certain workouts so its quite educational.
This place is hands down the best purveyor of Italian food at Stonecrest!  Although a tad over-priced, they are pretty good in their own right as well.
Mediocre, at best. They were nice and the service was decently fast, but certainly not worth the money. My small dish of ravioli was $13.\n\nCertainly not worth the money.
Price reflects quality and service.  5/2010 purchased wedding gown, brides maids and mothers (bride and groom mothers and grandmothers) dresses.  Girls were rude and our brides maids dresses seems and straps fell apart just before the wedding.
Price was right. Cool concept but I like 5 guys better. What A Burger is my favorite burger, guess you could say I'm old school. In and out was busy and had good service but as for the burger's. A lot of hype.
I have been to this place a couple of times and I left with nothing but disappointment each and every time. Their food is just bland, unseasoned and always comes out cold.
Close to home for those needed last minute items.  Friendly helpful employee's always go out of there way to help me find what I need.
Was there for workers compensation convention in November week before thanksgiving. Party of four. We had a one hour lunch break. Ordered food that came in 1.5 hours. Food was cold and stale. Will never go back!
Argh not worth it. Just go to paris buffet. Yes the have fewer choices but it doesnt suck like the spice market.
These are THE BEST CAKE POPS you will ever have. I love that this place is here!!
TERRIFIC VET- clean, knowledgable and most professional.  Dr. Schroeder is AMAZING!  The BEST vet in Phoenix- HIGHLY recommended.
Dreadful!  I ordered the philly cheese steak, it was partially raw on one side.  I got very sick afterwards.  I would not recommend eating here to anyone.  The food quality is very low and the staff is a bit out of it and confused.
yuck. my body hurts from eating the food and my soul hurts for making my body do it.\nBarf-o :(
FANTASTIC!!!!  Atmosphere was GREAT!  Food was really good all around!  Staff were engaged and helpful!  Valet parking was a plus since it was raining!!!
food was mediocre, way too pricey, even for vegas.  waiter and waitress was just as bad as they come.... never going again.
Triple F -- Filipino Fast Food -  but try the burgers and the hotdogs last.  The palabok is good, the spaghettis is passable.  The breakfast items are the best.  Service is always spotty.  Just remember this is a FAST FOOD place!
Still the best!! Jessica and her staff are amazing and caring! Stay independent amd come here for all your scripts!
Love the atmosphere,  Love the food !  The garlic french fries are to die for !  My favorite drink... The rotten apple...  It is a mug of hard cider with a shot of jagermeister turned upside down inside.  I know I know it sounds strange but it is yummo!
My first time here and I am not that impressed, the burger was small, fell apart and I didnt care for the fries.  At least I can say I tried it, but wont be back.
simply: the best bagels in the world!!!
My favorite Mexican food in Vegas. Don't let it being next to sapphires scare you. The atmosphere is subtle and comfortable. The food is all non gmo which is hard to find in Las Vegas. The executive chef Pako is always dedicated to the food and customers. I highly recommend this place and tell everyone about it
Disappointed.  Granted, it is one of the cheaper buffets; I feel like the money I spent on this place could have bought a much higher quality, more satisfying meal elsewhere.
The convience store located inside Aria it pretty much sells everything!  Clothes,  cheesy souvineers, snacks, drinks.  The $4 20 oz drink and small bag of chips was a great deal for a Casino store though.
Not just a catering company but a bakery also!  Love the blondie brownies and chocolate Granny Smith apples!  Can wait to try them out for lunch!
This is a default place for my friends. We always find ourselves coming back to \"Thomas\".\n\nWith the recent upgrades to the outside area this summer season, this place has only gotten better.
Best homemade potato chips I've ever had. Everyone at the table enjoyed their dishes as well (chicken fried steak sandwich, bacon cheeseburger, California burger, & quesadilla). Definitely will come back
In line to get my CES badge for the show, the line went pretty fast !
A great place to stop off for a drink and the food is excellent!  Locally owned - a gem in the neighborhood
I feel like I had to update this because while the shaved ice is still really good the people that work there are still really bad. Besides that they got rid of a few sugar free options making the selection for those of us that can't have sugar limited.
I love going here during the winter! The portions to me are huge and i bring a second person to share. The xo lobster with scallops of use to have was the perfect ramen to fight a cold.
The people that work here are idiots! I ordered 5 footlong subs and they couldn't get any of them right despite me standing over them directing them. And yes, this Subway is cheap, cheap, cheap on the toppings!!!
Cute, trendy clothes. The quality is much better than xi. Always sales going on.
Just about every hotel on the strip has had reports of bedbugs recently. Any of yo yelpers have any experiences tor report on the matter?
Sadly I wasn't impressed. Server wasn't particularly friendly and the food wasn't hot. Definitely didn't live up to what I had heard about the place. Doubt I'll go again.
This is a great alternative to an outdoor park. Super clean. Great staff. Love this place. Reasonable pricing.
always good drunk food!!!    make a stop.. BIG ASS PORTIONS.. but when can eat when ur still hung over?
Decent coffee, decent service.....good place to go
Horrible Pharmacy! Expect to be waiting at least 30min to wait for an auto re fill prescription. Costumer service is non existent. I am going to avoid this location from now on.
They served my dinner, after a long wait, to another table!!!! The other table didn't even order but had no problem eating my dinner!!!
My husband and I renewed our vows here yesterday. Everybody was great and really helped my husband planning this.
Can't go wrong with Zipps, love their wings!
This Subway was actually pretty clean and well-stocked in soda and chips.  My footlong was, unlike on the Strip, actually $5.   It had fresh ingredients and a polite staff, so that's points for any Subway!
Love it! They have a great salad bar...but make sure not to eat too much here because the meat is the best part. The meat was endless. My favorite was the bacon wrapped filet. The ambiance here is nice as well.
Come here ever so often but tonight and a couple times recently they have no flavors available. We may come late, like 2 hours before closing but they get busy all the way till close and have no flavors available! It's frustrating great flavors but not if there isn't anything.
The room is beautiful and the service was good .\nA little disappointed in the food of the restaurant. Seemed like to Americanized. Was looking of something more authentic.
Just sold them about 30 newer best seller hardback books, they paid .50 cents per book. what a great deal for them. I will never do that again. Prices are not even half of what they sell them for. Cheap.
I accidentally spilled my first beer and was excessively ridiculed and embarrassed by this disrespectful bartender, Jennifer. She also charged me full price for the spilled beer (which probably costs the bar pennies); never seen that before. Accidents happen. No damage was done. Be professional. Never going back.
Terrible terrible terrible.... These people are racist and awful customer service. Star away!
Don't worry about the \"YELPER OF THE WEEK\" (photo)... Great spot! Want something you can't get at every other place in Phoenix? Come Here.
Love this place... Singapore noodles are great and the kids love it!  Papaya salad is good as well.
I ordered the biscuits and gravy with sausage links.  I was pessimistic about eating this much food, but I couldn't stop eating once the plate arrived, I was very happy.  Also, the ham is exceptional.  Bacon too.  And the chicken fried steak.  And the.. everything.
The only gripe I have about this place is the slow service. But other than that, for dinner, the food is pretty good.  I enjoyed the egg flower soup and honey walnut shrimp.  The prices are not that expensive, comparative to the ones in Southern California.
I like this location.  They're right by my house, so it is very convenient.  \n\nThe staff have always been polite, and have never messed up an order. :D
Horrific cheap buffet food, cheap in price, awful in quality and taste. Stay far, far away from this crap place.
Drive-thru is always fast.\n\nI don't like going inside, though. Inside has a very different atmosphere. The staff there seems less interested in customer service. But the drive thru team is stellar.
Saw the prices for a paddle boat, $15 on a regular day. Rented one for 4th of July, $75 and $100 for every 15 minutes past 10pm. Absolute rip off. No wonder there was only 5 other boats on the lake. Would NOT rent from them any day simply because of this price hike.
I think that this is the best Chinese restaurants in phoenix, the great taste like home. And not only delicious food, and the service is also very good.
Makeup staff is rude.
Meat and chicken is high a quality-customer service gets three stars though-unfriendly staff at times-with high prices they charge excellent customer service should be an expectation.
Very disappointing.  I don't understand why it is called an Irish Pub.  The food was not great, very expensive, and the service was bad (considering we were the only ones in the place.)  Much better places to go when you feel like spending $40 on a meal for two
It is not a good place to get snacks or drinks from. I think the store is to big because they have nothing in it. I do get good coupons though. And the have okay customer service. Bit go to walgreens for snacks and drinks.
Nice, clean gym thats not overly packed and has plenty of equipment.  Only been here a few times but have not had any problems getting to use equipment because of waiting or lack of.  Good gym for getting back on track or maintaining. Employees are nice as well and that makes a difference to me.
Great atmosphere but a little pricey...
Good spot for a quick lunch and next to the Sports Book Section.  TV's all around, comfy booths and breakfast sandwich
Great Pizza! Great lunch special. Waitress lady was a lot nicer when it came time for the tip which threw me but then again im in arizona.... Four for now.
The food was okay, nothing special.  The roast beef sandwich was very light on roast beef.  The macaroni and cheese was delicious but the portion was very small.
Great service. Good food. 'nuff said! Steaks are \"cant miss\" but bit too pricey for being on the casino floor. Dark. $20 dollar drink specials was about $12 too much.
Worst IHOP in the state of Arizona!!!! If you want to eat food with HAIR in it and deal with a rude incompetent mgr....then this is the place for you. I'm DONE!
Pretty yuckie! You get what you pay for..
This place is incredibly loud and full of little kids.  If you aren't up for that, then don't go here.  The food is \"good\" not great.\n\nI have children too, by the way and this was outta control both times I was there.
My first trip was in November a week before my wedding. It was fantastic!\n\nI have gone back several times since! I have gotten my nails done, my hair cut and my absolute favorite ~ the essential back treatment.\n\nThe students do a good job and the staff is friendly. Can't beat the price!
Second terrible experience here. Management just doesn't seem to have it together. Waited for thirty minutes for someone to arrive to open the store. Previously paid for a party here and the pizza was delivered about two hours late, when guests were leaving.
Iv been going to Clean Freak Car Wash for about a year now and every time I get the $8 Freaky Clean wash. It is a combination of all the machines they have! I can definitely say you get your moneys worth, my car comes out clean just about every time.
Great Pet Friendly place got a good nights sleep before heading back home and so did the pooches!  Breakfast didn't start until 7 am which I thought was late for travelers most start at 6 but whatever it's clean and easy on and off the fwy.
Used a gift card here we received for Christmas, that was a mistake. After we left feeling very unsatisfied and still hungry we had to go get food  somewhere else that actually tasted good. Not one person at our table liked their meal, and the waiter was extremely unfriendly.
Good  food and service at a premium price point.
I love the Bun here!
Gordon Biersch gets a 3 star for food alone but gets a bump for solid brewing and great location. The bartenders and waitresses are very attentive and and they're also very easy on the eyes. On a warm afternoon you can just enjoy the weather on their upstairs balconies overlooking Mill Ave and ASU.
Pros: Wide selection means you won't visit without finding something, live music some nights\n\nCons: While they have many discount CDs, the majority of them are worthless. Other CDs tend to be over-priced.
I have to give 2 stars as the service was excellent.  The food, however, was not.  Crappy boiled ribs with buffalo sauce?  Horrible.  Fakey processed mashed potatoes.  Overpriced and really bad.
Seriously the best Mac N' CHeese I have ever had in my life! Beer was awesome as well. Service was great. Clean, easy to see from the road. Adequate, free parking
Old town dress code for mill ave, plus the dress code only applies to people of color
Nice idea but not so great if you're vegetarian. Wasn't keen on the wine list. Wasn't keen on the non-meat options. Felt somewhat grimy to me.
This does not exist.  It is now an unbelieveably soulless gay bar with the inventive name \"Bar One\".  That is all.
Parfait pour un take out.\n\nLa sauce piquante faite avec la graisse de cuisson est top!
Sangria is nice...
Total rip off food prices have become way too high for chappy food..... will never buy food here again !
Good and bad \n\nDepends on the night you go sometimes it will be interesting and fun sometime it will be so packed that there is hardly any place left ... \n\nCheers,\n\nEric Van Nguyen
Worst Place Ever to Eat Chips were Stale and out dated meat smelled funny plenty of flies buzzn around
Almost as good as Fazoli's, only without free breadsticks and 5x the price. QUITE disappointing.
Bad service, gross food, bad drinks, VERY $$$. Typical for Pittsburgh. Will never go back.
Don't waste your time. It's just like all the other flea markets with outrageous prices. If I see one more Asian booth I'll scream.
Best accommodations in Vegas! Beautiful decor and outstanding service. We we're definitely spoiled. The front desk even sent up a card and delicious complimentary chocolates as congratulations on our promotions. Encore has become our favorite place to stay!
We are visiting from out of town and came across this place on Yelp.  Really good service, amazing fresh food (thin crust pizza and very yummy wings).  Nice find!
my cousins and i were gong to go here but we were turned away because of my service dog. i guess in tempe the laws don't matter to some establishments?
I was very pleased to hear from the company and that they were willing to take what I had to say to heart. I likely will not be returning there but I do appreciate the effort that was made after the fact.
The food was good, however, 11 (and counting) of our 23 are now sick from food poisoning.
Really, really, really, ridiculously good pupusas.  Those of you who have never tried one before, for the love of all that is holy man try one! \n\nTip- rough neighborhood, may want to strap on a bulletproof vest before coming down. \nTip- entrance is in the back
The grocery store is cool, pastries looked delicious and the overall vibe of the place was cool. But our burritos were not great. Moved to Phoenix 6 years ago and have yet to find anything close to a Bay Area burrito. What is so hard about having the whole thing heated through?? Still searching.
As soon as I entered I knew I should had taken into the account the reviews talking about the service. Not even a \"hello, sit anywhere\" nothing. Not even a hello. After we ordered the food, the lady never came back to check on us. Not coming back to this place ever again.
This place does a great job. They are super quick and super super affordable. Their quality of work is so good that I wait till I come to Phoenix to get my stuff repaired. They do a ton of stuff not just shoes.
I placed an order and had to wait one hour and 45 minutes for it to be delivered, their website said 45-60 mins. The pizza was cold, the hot wings were cold & plain and tasteless! Very disappointed! I had to call 3 times to complain and they were unhelpful!
Solid breakfast. Is it so good that it warrants all the attention it gets?!? Absolutely not. But like I said before, solid breakfast. Nothing fancy, just plain old good breakfast items that are done right.
This was probably one of the worst restaurants I've ever been to. The portions were the size of appetizers for the price of a main, the meat was overcooked and so dry and flavourless that it was un-edible. Save your money and go almost anywhere else in the city, this place was beyond bad.
Not worth the wait not worth the food, IHOP pancakes are much much better, pancakes were not tasty and they were dry. Won't be going back here anytime soon
Have been here now several times for dinner and it's always amazing! Great show with excellent food. Highly recommend for large group or birthday celebration!
I searched Yelp looking for Greek, this popped up and was near. Good decor and food. The staff was pleasant and place was clean. Was a nice small quality restaurant. Will be back\n\nIf in town you should try this place.
Nice neighborhood. We spent the day here with our dogs and 4 year old. Had no issues with either park. We will be frequent visitors.
The food is bland which I guess is to be expected since it is English.  However, it was substance and not exspensive.
Not the best ramen I've had, but its still pretty good. The prices are comparable to any other ramen place.Would recommend!
Came early, super nice driver who charged me less knowing I was a college student. And they don't take longer routes to charge you more like Discount Cab. Rates a bit higher than others, but better to be safe than sorry.
Try to eat  in bar no service  left after 15 minutes only one person they need to hire more people
This was the worst pizza I've ever had.  The crust tastes like stale crackers.  The service is ok and the location is fine, somewhat up-scale fast food, but the pizza was close to inedible.  The salads (even the larger) were also quite skimpy for the price.
I've ordered blinds a couple times from Sunrise Solar Screens and couldn't be happier.  I've even recommended them to my folks who own a few properties.  The owner, JB, is awesome and always so friendly.  If you need blinds, shutters or solar screens, these are your guys!
Don't waste time going!!! The food was cold... The waiter never went to the table, all the time we call them to refill the beverage and I never received the check had to get up and get it my self. Bad service!!!!
Food is ok, had the beef brisket taco, need a little more sauce . Can yall please add hooks under the bars for us chicks please
Best meal I ever had. Went for my girlfriend's birthday and had the 3 course tasting menu with wine pairings. From the amuse-bouche to the dessert, everything was exquisite. The wine pairings went perfectly with each dish. There aren't enough adjectives to describe how good our meal was.
Happy Hour weekdays from 3 to 7! Half off apps and big ass beers! After a long day of shopping, Garcia's is the place to go!
had a great birthday dinner for my husband who loves prime rib ....he was very happy:)
I HATE IT!!!!!!!\nThey charge you twice the amount, than you would normally pay at the neighborhood corner SB's.\nIt's the same coffee dammit!
Pretty solid performance, considering it was my first \"food truck\" experience!  I ordered the #3 Pig...and waited.\nOnly gripe I have is the freekin Rap blasting out my eardrums.
One of the best restaurants in town for a first date.  It doesn't wreck your wallet, but the service and quality of food is stellar.  It's got a great view, and the menu just feels fancy.  If you are struggling with ideas on where to eat, make this place a top 5 choice.
Parc Laurier is a 5 star park for sure, what with the newly shady and sizeable pool, the ping pong tables, the great leafy expanses of gently rolling grass dappled with adorable picnic'ers, the tidy old timey public bathrooms and overall sense of laid back community.
clean. both service and food were solid. nothing was exceptional, yet nothing was bad. we had pad thai, their equivalent of drunken noodle, duck basil, red curry, and tom ka kai. a solid neighborhood joint.
This place is always so welcoming and quick with your order! I love coming here every time! Acai bowl is really delicious!
The owner Jenn delivered our pizza and was really nice. Pizza was great size and tasted amazing. New York style slices with a good sauce. Would order again.
This was lovely. Marianne and I and  my 13 year old son went for dinner.  Charming interior.  Cozy. Friendly service.  Really good food.  Squid ink risotto especially good in my book.  $$$ but worth the trip.
I'm actually loving their new kitchen with food made to order. just tried the hazelnut iced latte and its not too bad. Staff is friendly,  store is always clean. I go out of my way to this location for work.
I'm sorry but what is the big deal?!? I can get great steak for a lot less $$. And everything is ala carte! No way. I was not impressed by anything here. Ruth's Chris is better! But quality steaks can be eaten at much better priced establishments.
Not bad for a hotel bar (with the Caledonian Hilton).  Amazing selection of whisky and the bartender has the right level of expertise to match whisky with your taste.  Lots of tables for groups and a couple of TVs showing live football matches...
The yougurt dipping sauce is delish!
Amazing is the word to describe this place. I've been to other yogurt joints but this one was actually good. Great customer service from the employees, many flavors of yogurt and a great selection of toppings. I definitely recommend this place for family gatherings and nice chill dates :)
Nice Chill Out Bar. Hung out with a friend and we had some beer and wings. Good Service and the waitress was very polite and nice.
Slow service and small portions.  Food is good but not worth the wait.
C'est bon, mais ya beaucoup beaucoup de friture :) cependant les crabcakes \u00e9taient pas super :/
Good quick meal in the Airport. The pulled pork is by far their best meat product and the hush puppies are good
A great mall. You won't get bored here, this mall is huge. They have everything from forever 21 to Gucci. They also have a few good restaurants when you need take a break and recharge your shopping batteries.  I love this place.
Fantastic! I have eaten MANY Gyros and this was the best. The fried pita chips with hummus is a brilliant idea! (also good with ketchup) Quality stuff here, clean place, friendly staff. Give it a try!
So other than location , Stratosphere is not bad. The rooms are decent and cheap. They have an all you can drink happy hour for $20 in the main lobby bar. The sportsbook is junk but for the price it is not half bad. too bad it is on its own island though.
Gave it an extra star because of my good memories of this place. Now however if you like sushi don't go here. Fish is not fresh and that is the biggest sin for a sushi place
Extremely friendly and helpful employees - what's not to love! I can find just about anything I need here, and if they don't have it, most likely they can order it for you. \n\nOh - and they sell their own blend of Just coffee here. It's my favorite!
Food is not that good and way over priced. Fish and Chips $30 for 2 pieces of fish. Fish was runny. Service is horrible.
We had such a good night here - great atmosphere, fantastic band (who took requests from the floor), a really good Irish dancer and far too much Guinness (a bit pricey but it is Vegas!). We stayed for 4 hours till closing time.
I came here to get an oil change, and they also cleaned up some dried protein shake that I splattered all of my windshield and speakers. Steve Ross was amazing.
This place has horrible service!  I've been there during the day, evening and even in the middle of the night and it's always the same thing.  Long lines and slow cashier. Now I always go across the street to CVS.
Our favorite sushi restaurant in Charlotte, by far.  You can waste your money at all of the chi-chi, trendy joints in town - or you can go to kabuto, where the sushi is delicious (and cheap!)
The beds are comfortable. \n\nThey do not have free wifi which I find ridiculous with the amount you are paying. Barely any cable channels for those who can't go out and have fun. And you have to pay to keep your expensive gear safe.
Walmart as a chain is okay. his particular Walmart is horrible.  I have been here several times, and each time I have not been happy with the selection, the service or the attitude of the employees.  Go to the Walmart on Dobson and 8th street.
They were playing some Kenny Loggins, but then they switched the station. No one turns off good ol Kenny. I saw Kenny back in 87 in Memphis, and that was one hell of a show. Chow mein here was dry.
Love love love this store!!!
Very nice place , good waiters, nice food ( LUNCH  buffet is $11 each , eat as much as you like ) meat is Halal . AWESOME
i love the cheese curds.  awesome.
Disappointed!! They  forgot I ordered coffee then didn't refill then food was cold.  The two stars is they took my meal off the bill.  Will not return.
This is your pretty standard In-N-Out. It's well run and things work like clock work. It takes a little while to get your food but that's because they don't premake anything like other burger joints.
I always skip this place and head towards Walgreens or the Stop and Shop. The employees stare at you like you're inconveniencing them just for walking in, cigarette prices are jacked up by a ridiculous margin, and they stock nothing aside from junk food and stale bread.
The bar tender was really nice, she told us were to go to watch the games and was very informative,good drinks..open till 2am AZ time, 1am Cali time..The live Sonora music was nice, going back tonight for Banda, let's see what happens??
They have CLOSED!!!
The food was ok. The service was mediocre. The location is a 5 star.
So-So...\nI won't be returning.\nThe server was sweet and attentive.\nBut, the food is just OK.\nI won't be returning.
Went there Sunday while on a bike ride with friends.  Service was glacially slow, even standing in line at the bar \"window\" took forever.  Food, when it arrived was good, but management needs to look at streamlining how things flow through their shop.
Excellent coffee.  Good atmosphere; not great but good.  Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.  Free WiFi which makes getting word done easy.
Stacey,  our wonderful server couldn't of made it any better,  positive and helpful. Food was excellent can't wait to come back.
The best donuts hands down!!!! Always fresh! I'm addicted to these. This is the only donut place worth going to in the area.
Good food, good service!  We go here a lot!
Very diner like. Extensive menu and definitely something for everyone. Great service.  Good restaurant choice for the area for sure! Any place that roasts their own turkey and serves fresh mashed potatoes and gravy rates in my book.
Gorgeous eggs benedict, not best service((
Very beautiful place! Extremely modern & as great a casino as any other! Better than most! Great locals casino!
Great for lunch.  I had a friend come down from Minneapolis and I thought this was a great place for her to get her veg on.  She got the borek, and I had the squash.\n\nI absolutely love yogurt on my food.  It probably has nothing to do with my name.
Its a big salad bar. I was impressed with the flavors of dressing and the oriental chicken salad is really good. With a coupon $7 is hard to beat.
Wow! I am so impressed with the professionalism and personal care that I received here. From the very beginning I knew I was in good hands and was not being overcharged or pressured into a thing. If you are looking for personal one-on-one care for your vehicle this is the place.
This is one of my favorite places awesome appetizers. Killer pizzas and huge salads  Have always received great service !! Top notch waiters and management. Parmesan Crusted Artichokes are out of this world !!  and great Kobe sliders ask for both cheeses on it..
I used to love Paradise Bakery. They had such good salads. But the last few times I've eaten there I noticed their food has gone way downhill. It's so bad, I won't be eating there again. Too bad :(
very good food served piping hot for a great price!\n\nthe new owner is really friendly and he has hired a great staff!
Drinks are expensive, lines are long, the women are stuck up, the guys think they're UFC fighters because they're with their buddies and DJ 's are awesome.
The people running this store are just plain rude.  For some reason they cannot be nice to anyone that comes into their store. We will never come back here to buy our feed ever again.
Poor customer service they completely suck they ruin your drinks and ruin your experience of going to Starbucks.
The pharmacy is terrible at having your prescriptions ready on time, but on the plus side, they are open 24 hours (the store not the pharmacy). I use their photo processing here a lot, just google coupons for photo processing!
Pretty horrible place subway,  firehouse, blimpys, mr goodscents, cousins, Jersey mikes, safeway sub, pretty much any other sub place is 100000 times better, the staff was horrible the food tasted like it was left over from last week and this sub franchise has to be the worst in the valley.
Very fast, painless, friendly, professional. What more could you want?! I'll be back soon!
These guys impressed at every turn.  Would happily stay here again.
Lousy food, lousy service, at least the prices were high.
Loved every moment.  Beautiful place,  exquisite service,  wonderful food. Couldn't ask for more.
This place surprised me. The bar is huge, they have pool tables, and the atmosphere is laid back. Will return.
Great balkan style lunch menu!\nExcellent Hummus, fresh salad and vegetables and the chicken skewers were also very well seasoned.. But a little bit dry.\nService was very friendly! :-)
The service here stinks. If the associates aren't cursing on the floor, maybe I'd feel comfortable spend my money here. Along with the fact that u have to talk to other staff members like they're stupid just so they understand something as simple as a first and last name. Terrible.
Starbucks is Starbucks. Staff is friendly...drive-thru staff can be a bit mechanical...but I cannot blame them.
Happy hour 4-6 PM is Awesome!!! The specials are about $5 each for food and drinks.
This was the first time seeing this art and I was so impressed. The display of the art and very soothing to walk in after being pushed around the mall area with all the noise and jostling.
I have always enjoyed this place. The atmosphere is great, the staff are great and the food is great. If you come see if you can get Hiro as your chef, amazing...
\"The service was good.\"  A death knell from a 17 year old.  Food service-esque fried fish--really?  Great atmosphere, but vastly better options out there.  Needs work.  I wouldn't drive past Mac's, The Liberty, or Lebowski's to get here.
Best burgers in town!!!! And the fries are amazing!!!
So delicious! I went there for the first time and absolutely loved it! My chocolate concrete with cookie dough was possibly the best frozen custard I have ever had!
Eat here! This place has friendly service and is delicious. Came with my husband, ordered sampler appetizer and two entrees.
First time here, service was great as soon as we walked in the door. I had the Shrimp and Grits, very very good! Our server Rikki was very nice and attentive. I look forward to coming back.
This was the best club in Vegas!  It's so sad that it was sold.  Found a couple of negative reviews not surprising; as if your typical broke ass douche bag brigade, bitching about the price of cover would like a high end strip club like Scores.  Not likely.
Food was good, nothing mind blowing, and for the price, would have been more satisfied at any one of my favorite asian food dives.  Cool restaurant though, great for people watching.
Not impressed!  Boring!  I wanna support the owner but I was really let down and bored!  Have not considered trying again cause I was so bored!
Worst walmart ever. No self scans, not enough employees, they are missing a lot of items that every other walmart carries.  This building is just way to small for this area, the over crowding is just horrible and its everyday its like this.  They need to move to a larger building.
Even though this store is tiny and I mean TINY (maybe a fifth of the size of your typical Best Buys), it works for me. \n\nEverything is tight, but they have good inventor and for the most part good selection.  Is this Best Buy's future I wonder?
I just moved into the area, and thought I would give them a try.  I won't make that mistake twice.  My nails are still recovering from the nail tech trying to remove my gels with an electric nail file!  She didn't even wrap them first.
My favorite guilty pleasure. Love the egg bomb. Service always amazing and love the atmosphere
They fixed my cracked screen for my iPhone!!! Done in 20mins!!! Love the people here & would recommend everyone to come here for any of their services. Super nice & friendly!!
Was in the mood for a milkshake. The black and white was.... Ok. It wasn't bad, but there wasn't really anything special about it. The service was fast and the decor is nice, I hope the burgers are better.
Everything about this place is A-OK.  I like the western theme and usually can find a 20% off coupon.
This club was lame. Maybe I was here on an off night? I was surrounded by greesy jerk offs, who kept hounding me to dance w/ them. It's like dude, take a freaken hint or I'll have to smack you upside the head with my 4 inch heels.
We dedicated 3 hours to Desert Botanical Garden - it's that good.\n\nI've seen immense variations of cacti here, probably more than I needed to learn - but it was a fun educational opportunity for sure.
This place is overpriced overrated the management is so unprofessional I suggest you skip it !
Great doctors, not so great nurses.  Doctors are great at actually listening to patients and helping keep me healthy. The receptionists are also very kind and helpful. Most of the nurses I've dealt with are extremely rude and careless. If it weren't for the rude nursing staff I would've given 5 stars.
Service sucks! Service sucks! I would like to order a bottle beer!. . . They don't have time for that. .   This place is fantastic if they had a server or bartender that cared about something other than drama!. . . Did I mention that service sucks! . . Well it does!
Very good for fast food & I'm very picky. This is one of the only fast food places I will eat on the rare occasion that I do. \n\nFood quality seems pretty good and the flavors are excellent. If you do Chinese take-out you should at least try this place.
Sorry I posted this to the wrong business. My bad !
WHY do some people recommend this place?  It took a long time to get to order, the4 food was not particularly special nor reasonable, and it was so noisy that we could hardly talk.  NOPE..will not go back there.
Food is just what you'd expect from a Denny's,  average. Service was dine. Wait rime was short. Cheaper than most of the restaurants in Vegas, so a welcome drop in price.
Definitely my favorite diner in AZ. Such a friendly staff! And the Hurricanes... BEST DRINK omg! This place is a must if you are in the neighborhood!
Love this place. Great food. Perfect portions. Clean environment. Fresh food. Really nice folks, as well. \n\nMango Delight is the perfect lunch!
The food is very uninspired and lackluster. This was my second visit with family and friends, non of which were truly happy with their meal. The staff and atmosphere  was fine though.
I took 2 black shirts size L and they came out XXL I gave them the opportunity to rectify the situation in any kind of way and and sorry it's all I got. Customer service goes a long way and If I can save someone to get their clothes ruined at this place, my job here is done.
The sushi was less than thrilling.\n\nThe mongolian grill was decent.\n\nThe wontons fell apart.\n\nThe selection was fairly extensive, but the food appeared to have been out for a bit.\n\nI would not return of my own choosing.
Dan, with Specialized Air, is the best.    He knows what he's doing, and gets the job done, at a fair price.  There's nothing worse than having your a/c go out in the summer...on a holiday.    He saved the day!
A dive.\n\nStopped in for a beer.  Its a dive.
Solid place for good ramen. And the kimchi fried rice is delicious too!\n\nThere is usually a wait during lunch hours as the restaurant is very small. The service is always friendly and prompt. The prices are a little high for the portion sizes, but it is still a good lunch spot.
Place is not that big but the service is super speedy and we ordered and our stuff was out within 10 minutes.  Plus side its open 24 hours!!
super super love this coffee shop! if you are looking for a good morning boost u must come  here and get your caffeine! i always look for a good crema on espresso and on my latte. ENOUGH SAID. love it.
Nice trendy bar which is frequented by locals and students alike , good food at reasonable prices , students get good deals , loads of plasma tv's showing sport all day.
The pizza is great, but what makes me give this establishment 5 stars is the fact that the owners are extremely nice and take the time to cater to their customers needs. They really make you feel like family in there, and the pizza is very similar to what you'd find in the big Apple.
Too bad I checked yelp having having ordered...worst place ever. Go to Burger King across the hall for less greasy and more tasteful food. Absolutely disgusting
This cart features local and organic fare.  The pasture raised pork carnitas are fantastic.  Hands down the best food cart around Charlotte.
4 months later... after two messages to Corporate, no return phone call.  Fletchers Corporate doesn't even care.  Sad.
Food was excellent, strange seating policy. Def make a reservation. Policy is to pay a certain amount for a meal/drink just to eat here. Great place to enjoy upscale gaming.
My time is short, so I will be brief. The food is great here. The waitress I had was friendly. However, the prices are too high for people like myself who have to watch their spending.
NO wifi, average coffee at best. I dont get all the complements on this place. Was not thrilled with it at all.
I eat at several Jimmy Johns all over the valley and generally like the  sub sandwiches.  Stopped in this Jimmy Johns a few weeks ago and the guy behind the counter was just rude so I just turned around and walked out.
Sunday brunch is amazing! Delicious and vegetarian friendly and great service. Def do the chef's buffet with omelette bar. A bonus: the Chef and the owner greeted everyone, and the owner brought his family for brunch too.
Unpleasant experience. The dishes are OK, but one of the waitresses will chase you to the small table impolitely if you have one or two people, so you cannot even choose where to sit. The service is poor!
First time in the store this last weekend, did the Shoe Dog with JT, then Trayce helped get me fit. What a team of employees. LOVED IT! I'll be back for sure and loving the new kicks!
Delicious Burgers and Very generous with the Fries.  Highly recommended
This is a great place.  I have a couple more small tattoos I'd like to get and I will definitely go back to this place.  And if Nathan Z is still there - he's my guy.  It was a great experience and I would highly recommend this place to anyone else looking for a tattoo.
This was our first time here and we very much enjoyed everything! Amenities were great and staff were very good.  Eric and his team did well.  A locals must do.\n\nBryan and Christy R
There was a cockroach in my room and there was something looking like a drug bust going on in the parking lot...I'm not kidding, there were several unmarked police cars and people being handcuffed and taken away.\nWorst $29 I've ever spent.
Expensive bar food. Large selection of expensive craft beer on tap. They do not allow Vaping in the bar or restaurant. They do not have any UFC fights on in the bar eventhough the yardhouse is inside red rock a station casino.
Nice location but doesn't have as large of a selection of some items as other Walmarts I have frequented.
In a sea of BS mediocrity of Vegas celeb chef restaurants, this one stands out and delivers.  Prices are up there but at least they deliver with quality. \n\nRespect for that . Show up after drinks because wine pricing is waaaay off
Always fantastic.
The resort is gorgeous.  Staff is very friendly and helpful.  The pool is beautiful.  The spa is amazing and the Sunday brunch is a must!!  I love coming to this place, I have yet to have anything less than exceptional service and amenities when here.
I'd give this a pass during the day. No doubt at night the covered walkway is impressive. But during the day it just seems run down.
Drive thru Roberto's !!! I love their bean and cheese burrito... But those spicy pickled carrots is what I think makes it the best! I could eat those carrots all day, every day!!!!! Roberto's for life!!!
Sat down for almost 10 min. A server said he would be right with us 5 min after sitting down. few min later we said screw it and went to yard house. They didn't even ask if we wanted drinks or water. I really wanted to try the food, but waiting so long turned me off to this place.
Andy has the best Sushi. His special sauce is what makes his sushi the best.
Sad to say, but I think Tempe Bicycle went OOB (Out of Business)
always come here for beer and alcohol, selection is great although they stopped carrying my Bacardi 8 but I can live without that.  I dont know what else to say except that they are always nice here, and prices are great.  I love to support local stores and keep my tax dollars in Peoria.
Worth the trip, nice patio and extensive cocktail list.  Food was good also, this place has a really large menu and prices are average.
Good desserts and nice cool, calm atmosphere!
Great location.. Staff was super friendly.. Didnt have time to explore but everything we encountered was excellent.. Bed is extra cozy.
Great food!  The chicken was tender and fish was nice and flakey. The staff is always cleaning to keep an inviting environment.
Poor costumer service and the quality is going down hill pretty fast. Some of the employees treat customers as if it were a soup kitchen....and it is not, we are paying for our food and deserve decent customer service...just because I am Goy it doesn't mean that I am infra human.
The food is ok they give you a lot of starch as a filler - huge portions
I have nothing but great things to say about Spamassage. The hot stone massage with Pete is the best I've had! Cannot wait to go back! :)
I understand the game was on as well as the fight, but I waited for 3 hours before I was even seated or offered anything to drink. My server must have had a long night.
Happy hour deals are very good and service was delightful. Fried sausage ravioli are a must try!
Never been impressed. The service is hit or miss, and better food can be found elsewhere.
Awesome avenue full of great resturants for adults and kids! The High Roller was incredible. I did think the inside of the pods would be more fancy and have more seating, but the views were breathtaking! The Purple Zebra is a MUST MUST visit.
WARNING. The portions are GIGANTIC and can feed 2-3 people. The dinner was pretty good but what makes this place a must come back for us are the Chantilly and Guava cake. I have said enough. \n\nAlso staff is very laid back and friendly people
I was offered a free cleaning because of their previous no show and I took them up on their offer. They did a really great job. They showed up on time and three ladies did a great job cleaning. Everyone makes mistakes, but a company that rectifies their mistake is alright by me. We will for sure this them again in the future.
Yummy, fast, cheap. I love it. I wish this place was around when I was in college.
Great food, friendly service and a complete meal for a very reasonable price.
I wasn't thrilled with my meal here--but the drinks are great and the banana dessert was amazing as well.  Best to go here if you're into authentic Mexican dishes as opposed to fresh tex mex.
I always come here to buy the TDK DVD-R 100pk when they are on sale. This week they are only $17.99. \n\nThe staff is always friendly and helpful every time I shop here.
I love this place. So many options when it comes to side dishes.  Instead of just frys. As far as the custard goes. Their is many options you can do as far as topping. It's. It close to me but I don't mind taking the drive.
Free wifi. Average service. I like my hash browns and bacon crunchy, so make sure you tell them if you do too (I didn't).
I had tuna it was ok
Awesome pasta with excellent environment :) chill and relaxing.. Good place to stop by!
Its fast and very cheap. I've never had bad Indian food but this was not my favorite. I suspect that the quality of the food varies daily as they have a limited menu. Ill probably give it another try as they may have better food on another day
Ate some dishes,  fried rice was good. Everything else was mediocre
This place is excellent. The people they chose to work here are awesome. Good choice. The selections of soaps and oils that you can personalize is amazing!
Make sure you scroll down to read \"more reviews that are not currently recommended.\" Hopefully the 5 (undeserved) stars on this post doesn't get my post deleted this time. Stop contacting yelp to remove my Truthful posts, management!
Called twice to request visit to review work to be done and estimate - never returned calls.  Takes more than skill with tools to be a good service provider.  It also takes being courteous and responsive to customer calls.  Moving on to next one on Yelp list...
Plain n Simple Breakfast is the way to go.  Plenty of food and great presentation.  Enjoy the breakfast with a cup of their coffee which is very good.  Place is bustling around 9 on a Saturday am.  Grab a table in the back corner if you want some quiet.
The best chai latte! So much better than Starbucks this is the best cafe I have been to in Vegas and I'm addicted!
If you are celiac and hesitant about eating out, Bouchon is safe and a really smart choice for gluten free dining.  The staff is attentive, caring and well informed.  Management is appreciative and helpful.  Food is delicious.  Drinks are superb.  \n\nEnjoy!
The food was good but the waiter over sold the dish.  It was good but the way the waiter talked about the food was over rated.
I've eaten here numerous times. The food is amazing. Service is friendly. Shakes are delicious. Great atmosphere. It never disappoints.
it was good but not for the price and the pain of the long line
amazing craft cocktails. My date suggested this place and it was spot on (and I'm pretty picky). They change up the drink menu to also keep you on your toes and wanting more. Pisco Sour and Moscow Mule were the highlights for me.
Visited for the first time today because of a Groupon. I ordered the banana pancakes. Delicious!!! My friend ordered the tuna melt and she loved it. Service was a little slow but it was worth it. I can't wait to go back and try the burgers.
Poppy Den is going downhill, fast. Don't waste your time..just go next door to Cantina Laredo or The View if you want a relaxing place to hang out.
Overall good food. I really enjoy the Bacon Double Dell Burger and chicken soft tacos.
Wow, this place ROCKS!  Talk about the decor! Talk about the atmosphere! WOW!  Very trendy!\nGreat drink variety too.  Nice place for gals to get dressy and grab a Cosmo and feel sexy!\nhighly recommend!!!!
Great Burgers.. Only rivaled by Shake Shack in NYC.  I love this food... its the ultimate treat.
So sad this place is gone. :(
ZERO STARS This guy sucks.... Not professional very rude and not reliable made an appointment and I called 4 hours after the time he said and he's not man enough to answer his phone. This guy is not worth your time or effort better off on your own.
Good buffet for only $17.99\na lot of dessert selections, the pasta section was nice, small portion but great tasty...\nif you want a reasonable buffet, this may be a good place?!
If you want something different, out of the ordinary, this might be something to check out. Watch out, some of the portions seem \"smaller\" than what they really are. I remember starting a meal thinking, I probably have to order more later but half way through the dish I was absolutely full.
Ordered from this place and instantly regretted it.  Bad and bland. A must-avoid!! Would never order here again. The best part of the meal was the egg rolls which were clearly frozen and reheated and had a really gross after taste. Disappointing.
Ehhh I'm a hummus snob and I'm still determined to find a hummus spot. They put too much garlic in their hummus and the falafels are just okay.
Gross.  I had the Natural.  Overcooked tasteless burger with no juice left whatsoever.  Won't be coming here again.  The fries are thick, flimsy and greasy. The kids meal came with canned fruit.
So sad, Fortune Cookie II is my favorite Chinese food in my area.  Today, however, I was so disappointed.  My General Chicken was very overcooked and cold when delivered.\n\nI hope this isn't an indication of things to come.   Hopefully it is just a bad day.
Yum!  Had a fantastic dinner here!  Impeccable service, generous bartender, fabulous food.\n\nTry The Whale appetizer!  So good!!!
We have been taking our dog here for a few years now and we Love this place. They do a great job and are very friendly.
i have been to this mac probley 6 times in a 5 year peroid and have gotten food poisening twice the latest boute 2 days ago on a cheese burger this location needs to be reported to the health inspectors. eat here knowing you have a good chance of being poisened
Can you say clusterf***? Totally packed dance floor (went on a friday night), some chick pushed my friend for no reason, and small to boot. Lame, period.
Great services and delicious dishes from apps to entrees.  We order so much I don't remember what we ate.
I had the lamb gyro here as well as the Turkish coffee, and both were very good, but the service was absolutely atrocious. I might be persuaded to try it again but the reviews seem to be pretty consistent.
Great sushi and sake!! A bit pricy.. but hey....
I called before I bought the groupon to make sure they were open and I showed up and they were closed.  Never again.
I have a friend who lives in a top floor loft here and they are amazing! Absolutely beautiful apartments- sound systems, courtyards, and WOLF Professional Appliances.
Ask for the $7.77 special, everything on the menu is expensive...like $11 grilled cheese.
Horrible!! Food is cheap and now I know why.
This place was expensive and I found the owners overly friendly. I ordered a filter coffee and paid over $3. After it was made the owner told me it was strawberry flavored, which I wish he would have specified earlier. Baked goods here are not very good either.
Great place, well maintained, as all Panera's\nA girl named Evelina helped me, she is the best!
We have been eating at Jo Jo's for 7 years. By far one if the best Pizza's in the Phoenix area. We usually do take out and if its late a delivery they never disappoint!
Food was good. Service was awful. Took 46 minutes from when we bought our food for it to get to our table. Don't go on Saturday nights. Save yourself and drive a few more miles and go to the one in Chandler.
Great place to stop by for a quick pedi. I've been here a few times and it's always busy--whether right when they open or in the afternoon. Book an appointment if you want to get in for sure!
I got the chicken and dumplings with fried okra. The okra was okay, but the chicken and dumplings were really bland. It was super busy, so with that taken into consideration the service was adequate.
Beautiful job I highly recommend them. I called on a Saturday morning and Bernice was able to fit me right in for a interior detail. She pays close attention to detail and was able to make the car look new. I will definitely keep using them for detail service and look forward to adding some window tinting to my cars.
Booked on. Priceline 3nights given the worst room in the place. 4th for corner closest to airport.security chain on door broken,remote for tv does,nt work whole room shakes every time a plane takes off.  Thanks Priceline.
The seafood is excellent!
Awesome selection, great help and when the balloons were delivered the next day they looked amazing. Right on time and friendly. BEST STORE IN THE CITY!!!
The Holidays are coming and in the 'British' section they are not selling Vegeta seasoning anymore.
We thoroughly enjoy Thai Basil's Tom Kha soup!  Service was spot on.  The restaurant is always clean and inviting.  I was so excited that we saved some soup for take home... didn't remember to take it out of the car til 24 hours later!  ARGH!  Being Human is soooo tough!
Noisey, limited atmosphere
Special shoutout to Nonni who did highlights for me at this location. She was attentive, listened to what I wanted to do and had some great suggestions when I asked for it.The salon use only organic products which is less harsh on your hair.\n\nRecommended!
Two words: baby octopus.  Oh yeah, the honey toast is pretty good too.  :)
I always get great service and my gels last for weeks!
I thought it was decent.\n\nFree Champlain
Ok but not great nacho look good but way too much cheese just making a soggy pile. Drinks are ok pitcher best deal for Vegas too high anywhere else. Good service for waitress Veronica.  Hostess would not get off here phone for service.
A little Schuh store where you will find your basic chuck tailors and sneakers. Not the widest variety, but a pretty standard one so don't expect to find a lot of the more individual pieces the larger stores of this chain have. Staff are pretty friendly, though they may take their time in getting your shoe size.
Amazing honey hot wings! Not easy to eat when the restaraunt is just as hot as the wings.... miserable! Not sure if it was the volume of people present or if the A/C was down. Ick.
Pei Wei, you give Pad Thai a bad name.
Menu sounded great burgers just cooked wrong. Manager had a bad attitude.
Service was outstanding. I hadn't even pulled out my phone to check in yet & bread was already being sat down on my table. Wow!\nPortions & service was outstanding! I was impress w/our servers professionalism.
Try the Players Card 8.99 steak special.  Best green beans I've ever had. Good steak,  great prime rib option too.
I always get the burrito bowl from chipotle... But my sister shared a bite of a chipotle burrito the other day and I about died and went to heaven. Guys. The burrito is where it's at. Can't wait to try the quesuritto! :)
We have been here twice now and had great service and food each time!  \n\nAlso LOVING the Veganizza! So wonderful to have a restaurant nearby that caters to my dietary \"differences\"
Yum Yum Yum!! \nHad an overall good experience all around. Couldn't resist trying the indian bread with steak and mustard leaf wraps--they're as good as everyone says. Everything was sooo full of flavor. Can't wait to go back!!!
Best nightclub in Vegas. Great DJ's and beautiful scenery! What more can you ask for? This place by far got the best music out in Vegas.
I stopped by yesterday before hitting up the Starbucks across the street. The staff was very helpful in helping me find my items and she even explained the rewards bucks program to me. I redeemed my points for two free packs of my favorite gum.
Excellent food. Very eclectic menu. Our party had quail, salmon, sausage, asparagus and scrambled duck eggs.  All were excellent, but sausage got highest marks. Excellent cocktails - especially the daiquiri.
I LOVE this place! The food is varied and the flavors and quality always consistent. I always tend to lean toward anything vindaloo with extra spice but have tried other dishes and they have always been excellent. The lunch buffet is awesome too for $9.
Not the best or the worst mall in Charlotte. I'm the in and out type of guy - go straight to correct store, shop and get back to car/drive back home. In that perspective, Carolina Mall works.\n\nFor a fuller mall feel, I Concord Mills Mall and others better than this one.
Awesome pizzas! The salad was amazing!\nThe prices are reasonable, and the people were so nice and friendly!!  I recommend this place, i'll be back!!!
Fast drive through and chicken is great for a fast food place.
Food was absolutely delicious,  but pricey. We were dressed in comfortable clothing (jeans/shorts/sweatshirts) and clearly did not fit in; this is a dressy crowd. We were also the youngest people there... it was mostly older adults 65+. Great views and good service.
Great beer and authentic German fare.  A very good option for big groups - they can handle it.  Generally busy.  Not the place to go for vegetarian options, although they might have one or two.  It is very nice for kids.
One of the better Robertos in town, nice clean location with pleasant staff. Like with all Robertos you have to know what to order so you can get the best deal. I recommend the carne asada burrito for about 5.00 and about 2 steaks worth of meat.
I have stayed at Hotel Valley Ho for five years running every March.  It is the best destination in Scottsdale hands down.  From the excellent food and cocktails at the pool to the amazing burgers at Zuzu, you cannot go wrong here.  Excellent gym and spa to boot!  You will not be disappointed.
Not the best around, would advise spending your time and money else where. The service sucks... (Food ok)
Very disappointed in this salon. Set an appt 4 days ahead of time. Area were I for my set put on was dirty from a past client. The mail tech did not talk, I felt rushed through my appt which resulted in me leaving unhappy. I won't be returning.
My new coffee spot in the 7 Hills area...they have great new sandwiches featuring Boars Head Meat and phenomenal locally baked bread & pastries.  St. Rose & Seven Hills cross streets.
Friendly staff everytime we go!
a really good variety of stores and restaurants but the parking is pretty much a nightmare its ok if you can find a central place to park and just do a walk around as long its not too hot
Been here a couple times for some Cali road trips and the service has always been great. Their rates are really reasonable and I've never had any problems with the cars. It's the only place I go for rentals now.
LOVE Petite Maison!  The burger is the best I've ever had.  And I always enjoy bringing clients here for lunch...
Good food. Patio was very nice. No complaints and good drink specials. I Recommend it!
very poor customer service, i am only going to arrowhead Buckle from now on!! completely ignored at pv and there selection was poor.
Right across the street from the Monte Carlo, where i was staying! Nice array of whiskeys and Scotch. George made me one of the best Old Fashioneds I've had in a while. Nice ambiance, one of the rare places in Vegas where you grab a relaxed drink in a Hemmingway kind of setting.
My husband and I had a Steak Salad from 1130 at the Festival of Arts last weekend.  I have to say, it was absolutely the best Steak Salad I have had in my life.  We have yet to try the restaurant itself, but if their catering was any indication, we look forward to the opportunity.
Gordie Brown is incredibly talented. His show is very entertaining and the Golden Nugget venue is intimate and easy to access. This is a great show for a bargain price. MUST SEE!
They have a wide variety of pizzas with numerous toppings. The two times I have been there I have not had a problem in getting a seat. The service is good and the ambience is more up scale than your average pizza place. If you are looking for a pretty good pizza place then CPK is the place for you!
Not a great selection on parts. Have to ask to get helped. I was the only person in there when I asked three sales associates for help. They pointed to where they thought the product was and never offered assistance. Thank you\n\nmy experience was at the fountain hills location... pick it up fh... pick it up
The food was okay. Neither my friend nor I thought the food was very good. \nThe service was terribly slow. It took a long time after we finished our meal to get the check and even longer to pay for it.
Rula Bula has an excellent menu (I recommend the Rosemary Salmon Salad), great beer selection (Boddington's!) and wonderful service. The staff here is superb (and delightfulyy quirky!!!) and I love the Irish/Gaelic music; it serves as a great workweek lunch reprieve!
We ordered the mixed seafood platter but found that it had been \"too\" deep fried and therefore too heavy for us. We should have ordered something like a grilled fish. Friends of ours rave about this restaurant so we'll have to try it again and next time be more selective about what we order.
Don't count on a roll-away for your family. They have a self imposed policy of 2 beds to a room and will not change no matter the circumstances, expectations, or that they advertise roll-aways available.
Expensive for a sandwich, but then again the sandwich could feed 4 people. Late night option at the Mirage that is ok when you are hungry...
It is now a co-op theatre and the only one in the country. It is fantastic to go and have a whiskey or a beer while you watch your film, too.
All the food is awesome and most of it is homemade... Definitely not freezer food. Bartenders are super friendly. Beer selection is always changing and always above average. Awesome happy hour deals. Overall good atmosphere. Highly recommend it for drinking AND eating.
Very accommodating.  Kim is wonderful....great pets and nails. Been going for years, feels like family!!
Been here twice in the past month and will be here again soon. Been here many times as I come to Montreal for work from Vancouver. Things always go well, and lines for the gates aren't too long. Solid place, like any other airport and like everything in Montreal it is currently under construction hahah!
I love this spot!! Great running trails! I wish there was more events however, they have so much room here but there is never anything going on!
Gone. closed. :(
Fantastic food. Simple solid classic menu. Great service from a staff that wants you to enjoy yourself. Lots of locals eat here. Limo service to Strip hotels is a great touch.., love this place, we come here whenever we get to Vegas!
My favorite movie theater- always clean, movies cost more therefor you typically won't find ghetto people( on the phone, talking LOUD, or just plain rude) there! Love it, the best way to see a flick!
This McD's wasn't too bad. Not too busy when we went to grab some late breakfast. You can't beat the dollar menu either. $1 salad from there is nutritionally equivalent to eating something from Quiznos (which my friend had in the food court and hated) at a fraction of the price.
Fatty steak in the steak tacos. Toppings tossed on sloppily to bury the shells under a mound. $12 bucks for some mediocre lunch tacos... Me thinks not.
I keep trying to give this place second chances but it never works out. I always end up disappointed by the overpriced meals and the terrible service.
I'll never go back to this place.  Worst service ever.  People shouldn't wait 12 minutes for a coke.  I didn't even get a chance to order my lunch.  I ordered my soda, it never came after 12 minutes and I left.
Pizza and calzone were perfect. We will be ordering takeout again. Delicious crust on the pizza and wonderful ingredients for toppings.
I loved the pork vermicelli, the banh mi, and the egg rolls. I'll definitely be back.
Great food. Great brew.
This place is always good for a quick, cheap meal. I love their iced coffee here. Pretty tasty and it's only a buck! Staff is friendly and when the lunch rush comes in, they step it up to get everyone in and out fast.
China Joes Chinese Take-Out.. Not Bad but nothing special.\n\nChicken was good,rice was good,egg rolls were good but it needed some MSG or something a little bland for my taste.\n\nFeed a family of 4 for $30! The ribs I will pass on next time.
Fast service but the overall quality was not impressive. The sauce tastes different then any other BBQ sauce I have ever tasted. Definitely not authentic Southern sauce. Decor is lacking greatly and the overall environment was quite dirty and messy. \nDisappointing for the high accolades given by friends.
I recently had 2 storage cubes recovered.They were done in less then a week. Roberto is very nice, and I would definitely recommend this business.
I love wings and this place is only a block from my house! Too bad they have terrible service and gave me food poisoning.
Why would I give this restaurant 1 star?  I had to.  There is no zero rating!  Raw shrimp, cold food, crappy service, and I don't care to put it right attitude.  Save your money and your time.
They serve Illy coffee - nuff said!
We made a special trip to the store, so after fighting strip traffic, 30 min. trying to find parking and another 20 min. walking we made it there. \nThe staff was very nice and helpful. But the clothes were pretty ill fitting so with sadness I left empty handed.
Great breakfast, huge portions, very cheap. 4 meals with drinks 39 bucks. cant go wrong. too bad there's none in LA!!
Consistent great food. Grew up with Chicago beef sandwiches. These are the best.  The hot dogs and beef products are straight from Chicago and don't disappoint. \nEach visit has consistent food quality, friendly staff and leave with a full stomach.
Pulled pork is pretty good.  Wasn't thrilled with the sauces
Completely average
The owner is so sweet she makes you feel like you're in her home! Best gyro in Vegas so far!! Everything I've tried has been delicious!
The cashier could not communicate well. :( - of 5 dishes, he got 2 wrong. My dish was completely wrong, even after I corrected him, and another dish had the wrong meat in it. Further, the taco shell was a bit over done/burnt tasting.
I've been going to this particular one since 1987.  It was a ritual to go there right after the Copper World race, Indy car race and  the races at Manzanita.  Great food, great portions and great atmosphere.
I like this place mainly for my Juicy Lucy fix. It never does me wrong. Perfectly cook and fixed to your choice with gooey cheese in the middle. Makes my mouth water just thinking about it. It's also great because it is always on groupon so it keeps me going back for more.
Everything was excellent in the buffet. Tasted just perfect and I enjoyed the food. \nSouth Indian dishes were outstanding including the non-veg.\n\nI will go there again.
The atmosphere here is good, the food is above average too. Seems that a lot of the bartenders are very inattentive and either talk amongst themselves or to their friends. Graveyard bartenders it seems are much more attentive and efficient.
had a bad hangover.  went in for lunch.  needed a big-ass burger.\nI chose the angus burger with gouda, barbecue sauce, bacon and a fried egg.  hangover went away.\n\nBartender D### was awesome.
Good fresh food! Not too expensive. Salads are fantastic! Try the spinach & strawberry salad.  It is huge so you can split it and share a nice pizza with a friend.  Never tried this chain before.  Will have to look for it again.
For it being a complete ghost town with no customers there the wait was absolutely horrendous, the one star is for the car wash
Home base airport... Tourist need to let us implode this like we do with all of our hotels once they've been open for 25 years and rebuild
This is the first hotel i ever stayed in when I turned 21 and came to Vegas. \nIt's in a pretty good location but other ten that there isn't much to draw you to this hotel. There are no good bars, restaurants here so it really is just a place to get ready.
So, I called to place a To-Go order and the staff member that answered said they were to busy to take the order....  Remind me to not call them in the future and to spend my money somewhere else.  Ridiculous.
I wanted to provide an update to my earlier review. I have visited Plum on several subsequent instances and the food & service has been top notch! This place has a great vibe and is a wonderful setting to reconnect with friends or visitors from out of town. Would certainly go back!
$20 for a double Maker's Mark?  Me thinks not T.G.I. McPappadeaux.  I was not impressed by anything that was there and will not only steer clear but may avoid the I-17 all together.
It would be worth it to drive an additional 30 minutes than to come to this place.  If there was a way of giving zero stars for service, I would have chosen that.  They are rude, unprofessional, and charge an arm and a leg.  Save yourself a headache and go somewhere else!
Great burgers, quick service.  I would give it five stars, however that last star is reserved for my favorite burger joint which is fat burger.  Have not found a location with a better burger but this place is close.  \n\n\nRyan's stamp of approval.
The interior is nice. The menu looks impressive.  I bought the comb on yelp 8$ for 15$.. My favorite soup is Tom yum. I ordered that but they made the soup soo sweet n its no taste sour at all. I have to ask the waitress for couple lime n mix w the soup..
Great job for their first year open.  The slides were all a blast and if you timed it right the lines weren't bad.  My only advice is to expand the lazy river and make more exits so I can ride to the other side of the park and get out.  I am looking forward to next year!
The lunch special pricing makes this place worth it IMO.  The food and service are both very good but the non special pricing is a little steep.  It is very nice inside and everyone is very friendly.  I have tried their sandwhiches, tacos and mac n cheese and they were all great.  haven't been for dinner yet.
Good place to stay at if you have younger kids. I spent most of the time in other hotels because this one was infested with little rugrats.
Way too expensive for a burger that was good, but I've had better. For 15.00 they could've thrown in some fries at least. Service was great though and atmosphere was nice.
My sandwich was tasty. It was ready soon after I ordered it. Pretty good. I'd go again.
They have lunch special 7 days a week from 11 to 3 but the amount of food is not stingy kind of amount. Very tasty ! My fav is the egg and shrimp, fish with black bean and the normal dish spice fried chicken!
I was excited when I got the flyer, but I should have read the reviews...\nI had the chicken fingers they had a lemon taste to it and the fries don't get me started \nThey tasted kinda old I was not happy with my experience I gave it 2 stars cause the people where at least kinda nice
pretty good sushi.  i always get nervous when they say they will charge you for uneaten sushi though.  hahaha
It's a fast food Hamburger Joint.  That being said, the service here is better than the hamburger joint across the street.
Great for a quick slice.  Vegetarian and vegan options.
Went during charlottes restaurant week, it was just OK. The marinera sauce was bland...their pizza is great tho :)
I absolutely LOVE Bahama Bucks! I have a friend who works at this one; Noah Packer. He was in my writing class.. He got me into this! I still have two free Bahama bucks tickets that I'm using today.. I recommending this to everyone I know! Definitely 5 stars !
This Starbucks location helps.  The school usually gets very crowded.  They always get my drink correct.  Wifi is free, there's indoor and outdoor seating.  Parking is fair and the place is clean.
This place has the coldest beer in town period and the hottest bar dancing women after 9:00pm in the planet! at midnight the real fun starts, but that's a different story best experienced and not told. this is a biker super hot spot during Arizona Bike Week.
Mixed feelings. I like the food. The broth was slightly sweet.. and the veges didnt taste fresh... But i am speaking from a girl from california where these a pho restaurants around every corner.\nI would visit again.
broth is too salty.  beef in pho not always fresh.  spring rolls are not very fresh. i've eaten here 10xs. go to tea light if u live in north phoenix.  i've given up on this place.
My daughter and I shared the babaganouch, cheese egg rolls, beef lula and chicken lula. We really enjoyed the appetizers but were both disappointed with the beef and chicken. The texture was mushy & fatty. Overall, cute & clean but I would not recommend the proteins.
Sandwiches are just ok. Soup is bland and taste like it has been frozen and thawed. \n\nPastries bagels and bread are tasty. Tea and coffee are great. \n\nService is getting better. Cleanliness of the restaurant is good.
Cedar Street Tavern is a fun place to go and be around friends!  We compare it to the old TV show Cheers.  If you have been there before, they remember you.  The staff is super friendly.  We like to go Monday nights and listen to the music!
It was ok.   The squash curry was great- I really did enjoy it.   However, a few of the other dishes weren't nearly as enjoyable, especially in comparison to other versions of the dishes I have had before.   \n \nI would eat here again, but it's nothing to rave about.
My GF wanted to check this place out on our recent trip out to LV. They have a wide selection of vintage clothing. The pricing is bit much for me but i guess that is the price to pay for to be funky. Great selection of old school kicks. The employees seemed so cheerful and eager to help out.
I LOVE Miguel... I have... complicated... hair. I have never had a stylist like him, he is fantastic.  The cut lasts a long time and my color holds really well and doesn't turn brassy. He is AWESOME!
The standard cowgirls-dancing-on-the-bar bar -- only it's in Scottsdale, so the cowgirls are a bit hotter than most places.
I have had some very good coffee at this cafe.   I think the Obsidian beans are excellent but my wife disagrees.   Anyway, I like them better than Starbucks but there aren't too many around.  It would be nice to see more local coffee shops spring up in this area.
I love this place! Their food is do delicious and not too badly priced! The people who work there are always nice and friendly! Try this place and you won't be sorry! :)
Delicious. Everything. Got the original and the steak with mushroom. Both were outstanding. Service was a little slow but worth the wait. And friendly! What a welcome meal on our first trip to Montreal.
Nothing that amazing. Coleslaw was really heavy on the mayonnaise an tastes store bought. Fries were crispy but didn't get much fish
We have now used Ideal twice over the past couple of years.  Rosie on the House certified, Ideal Plumbing has earned that recognition.  Service has been outstanding - fast, friendly, are eager to explain what is going on and what they are doing to fix our problem.  2 Thumbs up - thanks Ideal!
Ive been to this place only twice but both times Ive sat outside cause the inside can get too cramped sometimes. However, dont let that push you away. The food is excellent and the service is quite nice. I enjoyed the atmosphere and the nice settings it brings. 4 out of 5 for the wait sometimes.
i like the different and eclectic menu, the ambiance, but $140 bill for 2 is too much
OK, BBQ sauces were pretty mild and brisket was dry. Service was goods and sides were tasty.
I must say that I am very impressed by the ownership.  Within 12hrs I received a response to my review from Tom.  This tells me that the owners are serious about getting things right and genuinely interested in their customer's feedback.
I grew up on this food. I even worked here at one point in time. This place is amazing. Eat here or else...
69 buck,s plus tip for one blt 1 turkey club 4 beers
Food might be good but understaffed for a Saturday night. Service was poor. Took forever to take our order and for the food to arrived.
I enjoy this place for the tea since I am not a coffee drinker, in the afternoons they have music and is also great for people watching.
This is the 3rd time we have been to the Outback on craig road and the smell inside is getting terrible.
Probably the worst place in America. Prison may be a  better option at times. Never enough employees to shoppers ratio and I don't blame the employees it is a shitty place to work but the problem is that it is really shitty management.
Nothing special, but fast wash. I was in and out -- unusual for a weekend day.
Great shoe collection in a new location.  Really nice!
Gibbys (BT's) is now closed.  The location is known as The Hangar.  New owner has done an amazing job with cleaning and painting, and the new menu is fabulous!  Best kept secret in Scottsdale!
Consistently the worst buffalo wild wings in town. No one answered the phone i come in and no one is even at the take out window. They always have bad service here. \n\n\nGo to durango and warm springs. Dont waste your time
This place is amazing. Real Spanish tapas, great sangria, and the paella is unbelievable. The owner is so nice and a little crazy lol but he treats you like family. To me you can't beat place.
This place is the absolute best for subs. I've never had a better sub from anywhere else. It's a shame I'm moving to Seattle, Wa where there are no locations close by. I'm going to miss my weekly Saturday night fix.
It is open on sunday.  It has stuff in it.  The fruitcups were good.  I got a premade \"Italian\" sandwich.  Which I regreted buying almost as soon as I walked out the store.  I dobnt know what else to say about this place.
Grade: B-\n\nGreat food but a very loud place. I prefer not to shout during dinner.
Once you can actually find a parking spot, this place is amazing to hike during the Fall and Winter months.  It can be a tad overcrowded after eight AM or so, so get there EARLY to avoid crowded paths.
Ugly Dog has descent prices and great wings!! I would go more often if they didn't allow smoking in the bar.
Food is pretty good bit parking is a nightmare!
oh my, what a great place for breakfast and lunch. The cinnamon rolls are to die for.  Get there early so you can take some home.  And the best service.  Friendly people without the cookie cutter attitude of \"hi, i am your server\".
I'm no expert when it comes to italian ice but wow I really enjoyed their gelati. I thought it was really delicious and had no problem paying a little under 5 bucks for a large. Now whenever I have a sweet tooth I instantly know this is the place to go.
Don't go here to gamble! The food is good, but the bartenders are awful. They spent the whole night gossiping in the corner and talking on the phone. I'd rather take my money elsewhere.
Burgers or wings are the way to go.  Fries are not my favorite.  Has decent daily specials.  Good for kids and we get to enjoy the game too!
Great Starbucks located in the South Park Harris Teeter! Staff is friendly and fast! I go here almost every day and they've messed up my order only twice and fixed it and gave a coupon for a free one the next time!
Apparently publicity is more important than their customer base.
I love this place, it's usually a part of my date night with my love.
Top notch service!  If you seek quality and friendly service then Handyman Xtreme is your team!  They helped me with a small repair (fan) in my house but rolled out the red carpet as if I was their most important client.  I try to support local small businesses when I can.  I highly recommend these guys!
My boyfriend and I are new to Mesa, and just randomly found this place. It's awesome! The pizza came with tons of toppings on it, the caprese salad was delicious and they delivered it all in under 45 minutes.
I asked for the 70 min full body massage n didnt get my legs or feet massaged. My massage lasted less than an hour and i wasnt allowed to take my jeans off.
Awesome gluten free selection! Delicious, not over seasoned and so filling. Highly recommend them.
Great customer service ! Amazing pizza will be back over and over again to.see Pauline and Chris!!!
I never thought I would like cycling, but this class gives me the energy & positive attitude to take on my day!!!  Great music, upbeat instructors, and I knock out a solid 45 mins of high cardio!  I'm addicted and highly recommend giving this class a try!
Definitely some of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life. I always look up to gay people when it comes to things artistic. I'll definitely be adding food to that list. Get any sandwich with avocado in it, shit is on point. 5 Star Stunna!!!!!
Most awful club I've ever been too, stood in a SUPER unorganized line over memorial day weekend for an hour and we had PRE-PURCHASED tickets and they gave us a guest list pass that everyone had and still didn't just get to walk in. Never again this is the worst nightclub ever.
The food is ok and they charged us an entry fee did eating there. We sat by the bar and they charged that I felt that was too much. We didn't receive great service yet were charged extra.
Car hop was nice (in that fake nice sort of way). It did take them a while to answer the button and they weren't even busy. We went after I had to visit the urgent care across the street. At least 2 songs played before we got to order. The one on 48th st and baseline is way better
Tables & the floor looked oily & dirty.\nI walked out of the store without ordering.\nI can't imagine they would bother to keep inside kitchen area clean.
I went there for a full service car wash. The job they did was really bad. Not going there ever again.
Daily specials! Kitschy holiday decor this time of year (Bucky's wearing a santa hat!). Love to sit by the \"window\" into the bar. Friendly patrons, always end up striking up conversations with others! Looks like they also serve pizza.
Seasoned well, but dry.  Take a kabob, go to Pita Jungle and drown it in tahini and taziki.  Now that's good inter-restaurant ideating.
They guarantee have the best croissant in the valley!
Here's a suggestion, if your restaurant is dead and there's someone waiting to place a to go order, how about u tell the staff to tend to them instead of performig their unenthused dance routine for nobody.  Poor prioritizing!!
Their Gyro is my Hero! Definitely authentic Greek and it was definitely delicious. Need I say more? Nice service and comfy location. Glad it's nearby - love having the Greek good nearby!
This is definitely not my favorite Walmart to go to, so I only go because it's closer to me to pick up a few things. The checkout lines are really long, and the store is dirty.
Vietnamese coffee.... Mmmmm, raw beef, man this place is heaven compare to most vietnamesefood stores I've bin in. Next time I return to vegas, I will go eat this again. \nTHx Lisa pizza for the great suggestion. \n\n*cash ONLY*
Good place to take the kids and play for a couple of hours. The play structure is one of the best I've seen. Food is ok. There is a new Boston Pizza and bowling here but I haven't tried that yet.
Truely is one of the better Mexican restaurants in North Scottsdale.  Love the tostadas which are loaded with toppings!  My family eats here a few times a month and we always leave full and satisfied!  Only complaint is the service can be slow but the food is worth the wait.
Longest wait ever biggest dmv I ever saw so many people they were lined up outside crazy
Great spot for sports and food; pizza was delicious! We had garlic knots and an 18 inch pie, along with several excellent craft beers; all great. Service was excellent too. We will definitely be back!!! And the table next to us ordered chicken parm; the portion size was ENORMOUS!!!
I work near here and visit 4-5 times a week.  Iced tea, baked goods, hot foods, salad bar, all are tasty.  Staff is usually pretty friendly but can be short when they are busy.
food: totally overrated.  yes, the quality might be good, but everything is so awfully bland!\n\nservice: very very stuffy and condescending\n\nfinal thoughts: ehhhh
Enjoyed our food. Didn't expect much from a food court Italian place. My husband loved the Stromboli although it was far too greasy. I just had cheese pizza and it was fine. May go back again for a Stromboli.
Great sushi selection. New and clean restaurant. One tv at the bar which could have been better but a place I would recommend. Outside seating looked very nice.
Be sure to park at the parking lot near the \"belvedere,\" which is a short walk to the lookout point. A great spot to take pics. If you only want to check out the lookout point, 45 min parking is enough.
Worst food, waste of money. Better off buying Panda Express
Much nicer hotel than the price would indicate...definitely recommend it if you are going to stay off the strip.  The staff in the hotel, spa and casino were all incredibly helplful.
Not the best in any town. Went for dinner and everything was in foil on warmers. Will not return.
I acutally like this place.  There was a store I've never seen  called David Z's that I liked.  This place is pretty nice.  We walked around and drank daiquiri's.  What more can you ask for?
Foods at  Round Table buffet were carefully prepared to taste awful.  So you  wont come back for the second or third round.  It's another way of making profits out of All-Day-Pass buffet !! All these nasty comments you've read on this page are swear to be true.  Take this valuable advise from these experts.
Best sandwiches. Ever. You will love this place even if you are not a stoner. And if you *are* a stoner? Welcome home, friend. Welcome home. ;-)
Clearly one of the most opulent, elegant and notable steak houses in the city of Las Vegas. The service is impeccable and the food is first-rate. The steaks are so flavorful that you do not need any sauces whatsoever. Yes, this place is expensive but it is well worth the price.
Been here afew times but always the same....horrible service and it wasn't even busy(lunch time) checks take forever to get to the table but the food is good
Ahi tuna was frozen and stringy..My boyfriend had General Yu shrimp . The shrimps was tasty the rice clumpy and very starchy.. Not worth the price
This place is the slowest full service I have ever been too. And the wash tunnel did not even get all of the dirt off the car.  For $16 I could have done a better job myself.
Good food!!! Service not that great considering how slow.Not very lively but my kids loved the milkshakes:-)
Great spring rolls and pho! We had the shrimp and chicken roll plus the pork roll.  We had the special pho and the beef balls and rare beef pho. Everything was quite tasty. Good place to stop by if your in the hood.
My little Chihuahua gets his mani-pedi here.. we love smelly dog!!!!!
A Montreal institution and a great example of Montreal style pizza... Or at least what was Montreal style pizza in 1982.
We have been several times and are yet to have a good experience. Service is bad especially at the bar and food is average at best. It is near our house and we keep going back hoping for a good experience.
Open till 4am!  Grabbing a late night bite is What you go to boston's for.  There pizza might not be the best but really good service and some good wings/fingers for it.  Don't let the hole in the wall feel discourage you.
Circus Circus has not changed much since 1995, except that the buffet is $15.95 now instead of $4.95 back then!  The decor is stuck in the 1980's and the rooms are, unfortunately worse, with wildly circus-themed decors.  Much better choices!
Cool indoor football joint. Two fields. Decent turf. They even play music while you play. Good times.
Yummy treats and great service.
About the worst Mexican-inspired food ever. Don't know why I tried it, but I ordered the chicken mole, and literally choked on the seasoning in every bite. It's just not made with love, or any decent recipe. My husband ordered shrimp tacos, and the shrimp was deep fried. I didn't see that coming!
Tao SUCKS! .....NEXT!!
Went for the first time. Service was lacking to say the least. Food was OK, but we have not rushed back. \nService is everything and if the guest has to beg for help, this might need some improvement .
Great prices for decent food.  It's a nice place to stop for a quick bite to eat and not spend a fortune on the Vegas strip.  The pizzas are pretty good.  Check it out.
I have been waiting in line for Over 1 HOUR. they have 1 person serving dishes and 7 other people walking around with no purpose at all.
It's gotten better. Drinks are better , summer is around the corner, we will see how he pool parties go. I had a blast on Halloween and the DJs are great and close to home.
The service here is so slow I'm not hungry any more. I won't be back any time soon. For what they offer I'd rather go eat at a Village Inn\nNo one even came by to let us know there was a problem.
Do NOT recommend.  Horrible Customer Service.  Owner (Kenny) swears at customers.  Plenty of other mechanics in town that treat customers with respect.
The service was great - staff very friendly \nChocolate donut with peanut butter filling topped with potato  chips OMG !!! This is a must go to spot for the most picky donut lover !!
The paninis are generally the best sandwiches to order. Overall, this place is fairly average. You get a pretty solid sandwich if you're hungry.
We sat on the 200's section.\nThere was a roof blocking part of the show.\nNo close up big screens.\nNothing special about the stage decoration. \nWast of money, and I am a Britney Spears fan.
Worst store ever!!! Puts expired wines on the shelf and will not refund. Four out of the five bottles of wine I bought in there have been no good.  The last one was so old the cork wouldn't even come out of it. I think they left it in the sun. Will never go back!!!
The egg yolks were neon yellow ... literally. That is not natural. \n\nGo to Matt's Big Breakfast!!
Food was good. Clam chowder was too runny and lacked clams. Service was friendly but slow after the initial order. Perhaps I'll sit inside next time.\n\nI'll be back, but not before I try a few other places in the area..
Pretty sure this place descriminates against the pale, non yoga pants wearers of the world when hiring waitresses unless tanning is a part of the uniform SO if you want to  attend a sausage fest trying to pick up bartenders check out the bottle shop. Otherwise decent food and beer selection.
Never had a problem here! Staff always polite and helpful. Get in and out quickly. Not sure what people expect of a USPS :)
Closed, now a Korean restaurant.
A fun dive bar with decent enough good and reasonable drinks.
Get the ribeye for 2!!
My my wife and I arrive to Gallery Nightclub with high expectations, as we love Planet Hollywood. The staff was rude! I was on guest list but still paid an entry fee. We were there for approximately 10 minutes when they said we all need to leave. WTF! We were ripped off. Stay away from this club.
great. i loved it. They delivered it to our hotel.
I went there for lunch just because it was closed to the Fine art museum, which I was visiting. Their Launch menu was simple but fantastic. Their wines by the glass are also interesting!
Food was pretty good, service was HORRIBLE. I went to the Scottsdale location. There really isn't a space set aside for pick up and/or ordering. There's just an island with the servers' computers, and a bunch of patrons standing around confused. A disorganized MESS.
Nice comfortable beds. \nGood location\nFree wifi\nFree parking\nPool/ hot tub open 24/7\n\nWe left a cell phone in the room and the housekeeping/security found it for us. \n\nI would return.
Our regular sunday breakfast group went here today, despite not so good reviews.  We are happy to report that the food AND the service were great!  Such a surprise after reading some of the reviews here.   Most of us had the Smoked Salmon Platter and it was excellent.  We will definitely go back.
Place is great! I love the fact that the place is laid back yet the food is still of high quality. Pizza is very good, the green chile burger is awesome, and the service is always good. Highly recommended.
Food was beyond mini and tasteless. Best thing about this vegas restaurant in the Mandalay Bay Casino Complex was that it provided plenty of laughs about the food, quality and quantity.  \n\nSorry, could  not recommend and will not return under any  circumstances.
Superb bagel just wish they would cut back on the salt. Then I could patronize them more often.
Must try bagels when in Montreal. The cumin bagels were different nd tasty!
Fun food but AWFUL SERVICE our meals took forever to make it to the table and the waitress mite as well been none existent. Definitely not worth the 40min wait to get a table (when there was empty tables everywhere)
excellent customer service!  the tailoring was done to perfection... I was definitely impressed... I brought one new suit there for alterations as a feeling out process.... I am now bringing back 3 more suits to have them do those.....  definitely a great place!
Gorgeous hotel, with great amenities.  The food was delicious.  This is an expensive place to stay, so be prepared.  It's in the middle of downtown Phoenix, which makes the amount you pay worth it.
A cluster of really small rooms.\n... it gets very stuffy when you dance.
For a limited time they have $5 eyebrow threading on Mon, Thursday and Sunday. May want to call in to recheck the days I listed.
Great customer service! Love the view of the mountains on the patio. Good start to anyone's morning.
For a delivery style pizza restaurant, this place is top of the line. Every time I order form here I am impressed at the quality of food I am delivered. The pizza is much better than those main street chains and aside from the prices other places don't even compare.
Good atmosphere, food and drinks. The beef dip and the grilled cheese are delicious. Highly recommend. Love the room service as my beverage of choice. Waiting to obtain game pieces from the hostess stand is ridiculous. Very poor set up for that. Better chances picking up a game with someone already playing.
The worst customer service in the pharmacy, to transfer a prescription it has taken me six phone calls and three trips down to the pharmacy, on top of them not knowing what is going on they are rude and ignorant! The only reason I changed is because my insurance changed, looks like I need to find a new pharmacy because this one will not work for me.
I do love this pizza. Best I've had outside of New York. Hardest part is just not eating too much. Only wish the tables were a bit bigger to give more room for everything- just seems the inside tables suffer from being too small.
I go here for lunch with friends a few times a month.  Had various types of the Pho, all delicious.  The food quality is consistently good.  Vietnamese iced coffee is very good.  I'll continue going back for a long time.
Great place for me to get my vitamins.
We went in for the Sunday brunch and ended up ordering off the regular menu because it did not have a lot to choose from. The kids menu looked good but my daughter ate most of our pizza. The tea was watered down and the lemonade was way to sour to drink. It was okay but nothing special.
Love this place! Girls are friendly & prompt. Such a relaxing experience-- every time. Never been happier with the shape of my eyebrows. They sure know what they're doing! I am going to make an appointment for a Henna tattoo, next time I go. Excited!
This place is off the charts good, I had L.T cater my company party and everyone was in love w/ the quality food. If you don't mind the hood then def give this place a try. \nFYI- show up w/ an appetite Bc portions are big.
At first I was really happy with this place, but I have to admit they went downhill. At first I would watch my dog on webcam and there was plenty of interaction and supervision for dogs. That's not the case anymore. They all are just hanging out. My dog can do that at home. thanks
Hard to find, in Whole Food lot. All the great bakery items you'd expect from Starbucks. My sausage egg and cheese breakfast sandwich was hot, quick and tasty. Quick and friendly service.
Got an eye exam here today and had an overall good experience. The staff was really nice and helpful. The only downfall was the wait. Saw the doctor an hour after checking in. I know there is always a wait for these type of doctor visits but I feel like an hour is a little ridiculous.
This has got to be the slowest pace to eat ever! Sat in the drive thru for 20 min and the line never moved.  At least another 8 cars ahead of us.  Pulled out and left.  If you have a ton of time to kill the milkshakes are great.
This doesn't belong in an airport. If you only have 45 minutes to connect you won't make it.   We ended up getting it to go and barely got our flight. Others had to just leave without their food.
Food was great...service...not so much.  It may have just been a bad day for them...will give another chance.
Best brewery food in the valley- pumpkin porter is awesome- good consistent food- lots of tvs for watching sports!
Disappointed that they do not have Xiao Long Bao... though it was mentioned on yelp that they do.
good affordable gyros
I came here once and it was just okay. I got the buffalo burger and it was not cooked very well. Pretty soggy.\n\nThe service was good, the server I had was very helpful and suggested the buffalo as one of her favorites. The wait wasn't too bad.
I have used this moving company for 2 furniture moves and they are very good. They are careful to wrap all of your items to ensure they are not damaged in transit. Also, they cleanup after themselves and take away all the garbage. Very polite. I would definitely suggest them for a local move.
Sausage fest. \nAnd the quality of the guys in there- drunk, creepy, sloppy DBs. Ewwwwww\nService was also terrible. The servers were snarky and slow
Food is good but don't go there hungry there very stingy with the portions they give I paid $10 for two ounces of fish and half a bowl of food RIP OFF
Very good food and service, pleasant ambience sitting under the air-conditioned \"sky\" of Venice at a simulated sidewalk cafe.  Server really knew his wines.
We watched the Kentucky - Louisville Final Four Game.\nGreat Service, Great Drinks, Good Food.\n\nReally enjoyed being here for the game. Sat with other fans - from Ohio State and Kansas.....\n\nI will come back here....enjoyed.
Great food and great customer service! One sandwich didn't come out melted and they immediately took it back and gave us a new one. Really great people working here
I was back here in November and I wanted to eat near my hotel and not in a sportsbar. \n\nFuego was perfect for me and I was allowed to order a smaller dinner than what was offered on the menu for a reduced price. :)
Good food I wish I could eat here more often. But only when I am in town. I Will be back when I can.
Not impressed. Side dining room was hidden and narrow, artwork was nice. place needs a facelift. Waitress was not knowledgeable nor very well trained. Pizza was ok but average ( was at CIBO recently) and if you compared to them there is no comparison. If you like average this is your place.
Ribs were very dry and overlooked not fall of the bone. Appetizer was decent. Drinks were decent. I wouldn't recommend coming here unless you're here to dance an drink and hear drunk guys yell at their favorite sports team.
Us airways is incompetent and unfit to call themselves an airline!  True story emergency landing and stuck in the airport for 4 hours with no answers!!! No one seems to know what's going on?
Too much going on, place is filled with cross contamination and confusion plus the food sucked!!!
good place to hangout with friends and enjoy bruschetta :) great selection of wine too
Love this place! Have found some great gems for some awesome prices. My niece got her first taste of Jewelry with the antique necklaces and bracelets I have gotten here and it is one of her fav things to play with. Great variety.
Ate here for breakfast since we were comped coupons.  It was a pretty standard buffet, but for 3 of us to eat with the coupon it was like $10 so can't complain about the price.
I would have given them 2 stars but no half-sies on Yelp. VERY average food. Very pleasant restaurant. We were a table of 11 with five elementary school ages kids and Sarah the waitress was great. No question, the service rocked. The food, not so much.
Hey Now!\ngotta try the Gyro!!!\nawesome!!
Update is just an FYI - Bite has closed and held its last dinner service on August 11. They say they are looking for a new venue. Gift cards for Bite will be accepted at their sister restaurant, Vivo Kitchen in Sewickley.
6 years later and we are still frequenting this family run restaurant. They make good food at reasonable prices. The food is flavorful. The staff is super friendly and always asks after members of my family that are missing for one reason or another. \n\nWe love our neighborhood \"Fuh\".
Medicore rice. Too spicy and had too large of vegetable chunks.
Great food great beer on tap and nice people! Wish there was a little more seating because it can get crowded but good place overall.
very nice, the arctic rooms is awesome. very clean, everytime i walk around, there was someone mopping behind me. best i've seen in vegas yet.
NOTE : they have just been shut down / closed / seized by the County Sherriffs office for non-payment of the drink tax .   RIP, PGH Cafe.
Great ambiance. Old house converted to a restaurant. It has a cozy feel to it.\n\nC and I shared the paella. Very good. Then had two deserts. One was a pear cake and the other something with hazelnuts. Both excellent. Good service.
between a pit bull playing chase with a cue ball and the cockroaches under the fries basket this is not only a dive bar but a hazard. be warned.
For a Mall that's closing down and doesn't have any anchor stores left it's ok for what it is- although the mall is dead there are still some specialty shops that one could go to if they really needed something
Quick service but less than competitive pricing. Advertise $1.79 shirts but by my math, was charged over $4.60 per pair of pants. Hard to determine as receipt offered no detail. Convenient location for me but not worth the price.
Always such a long wait for your food.  I tried several all times to go for lunch and you end up getting food late and it's cold.
Nine Fine Irishman is a great Irish Bar!\n\nThe food is fantastic (mashed potatoes 7 different ways) and the beer selection is pretty good.  The upstairs bar is often quiet so it is a great place to go if you are looking to get away from the noise and craziness of Vegas.
This place is no good \nAll it is \nIs over priced big portions of crap \nNothing here is good and this is a review that i wrote on my 3rd visit
Typical urgent care. The lobby and rooms were exceptionally clean. The wait, however, was rediculous both times I went. They just leave you sitting in a room so long you're *this close* to just leaving. I won't return.
This place is soooooooooooooooo good.  The drinks are tasty, always get an extra shot... shit, your in Vegas!!  I got the Octaine 90 mixed with the hurricane.
I love all the healthy choices I can make. They are super friendly and I love going there.
Love it!!!!\nTaco salads and salmon tacos are my favorite!
This restaurant has the absolute worst service!  Not only did they make us wait 30 minutes for our table, when they clearly had two empty ones. It also took them 45 minutes to get our dinner out; they served us one person at a time,  so I was eating my dinner alone!
Came here based on Yelp reviews, and it lived up to the hype! Pad thai was excellent, and my wife's yellow curry was really good as well!
Not the best Korean BBQ buffet I've been to.  To expensive for the quality. The servers were nice. Expensive for little kids who don't eat their fill.
Came here for Lunch! Absolutely enjoyed everything! Portions were large and tasty and at a great deal for $20.15 for restaurant week!! Totally worth it! Will definitely come back!!
Bad service!!! The girl upfront was an idiot the ice cream machine broken no ice and no cherry coke! The food is bla and it took the server 29 minutes to pick up out plates! Horrible horrible horrible! Never again
The food was good and so was that atmosphere, but I could have done without all the waitresses boobs in my face.  They need to cover up a bit more since it is a family establishment.
Ordered the steak sandwich.  The only thing more horrible would've been drinking the bath water of the person who made it.
I was really surprised how excellent the food was considering the cheap lunch specials. The waiter was very friendly and the atmosphere was very pleasant and authentic. The only thing missing was a live Mariachi band :-) Didnt get any drinks since it was my lunch break but I hope to come back and try their margaritas one day.
The food was excellent. A bit pricey but this is the strip!!! I ordered a burrito and nachos, meaning I got two different dishes. I'm stuffed. I'm going to blow up. I love pigging out.
Good food, good service, nice ambiance.  Short Rib sandwich and side salad along with a couple of craft beers very good.
The staff is amazing. A few of them have been there for a while and already know what you want and how. Attention for details is just a plus and they do not neglect that. Breakfast, lunch or dinner!
Pretty good Pretty good.
We used this taxi service twice with 2 different drivers and had a fun cab ride both times! The drivers were friendly and tried to take us routes to save us fare which fares are cheap anyway! We used another taxi service and had a much different experience so VIP will be my go to.
This is a fast food place that fuses Mexican and Chinese food. I am not a fan of sweet refried beans. The carnitas had the distinct taste of refrigerator.  The quesadilla filled with the jerk chicken was pretty good.  But overall not something I would return to.
It was sub par.  Expected better after reading these reviews.  I'd rather get Pizza Hut.
Fresh melt in you mouth sushi. Great service. A must for north Scottsdale?
There food is fantastic I love Those Guys House Salad I eat it EVERY DAY!!!
The ambiance is very nice and the staff are friendly! The Candy Rolls are soooo good (don't let the name fool you, it's not actual candy)! I thought the prices were super reasonable! I just wish I had tried the hibachi!
Interesting waffle creations. Last time we had the thanksgiving waffle: infused with chicken and topped with marshmallows, great combo. Tip if you go with someone.  Get one savory waffle, one sweet waffle, and share
Small but awesome. Prices are amazing they will substitute anything you want. Very small dining area but surprisingly never full. Go there!!
Not a good dining experience with every fly in las Vegas in your face. VERY expensive for a sandwich with very little meat and even less cheese. Great cheese fries though.
One of my favorite happy hour places in the Scottsdale area. The staff is always prompt and friendly without being over bearing and their menu is very solid.  \n\nMake sure you give any of their oven cooked flat breads a try as they are all fantastic
Good pizza nothing else to say
Our server was nice but the food here is not very good. I've been to all you can eat sushi places that had better quality food. Stay away from their lotus roll. They have a prime location and I believe it is the only reason why they have customers because its in the busiest part of Town Square.
Great area. Water front view. Not bad for bar food. Good vibes. Highly recommend eating here.
Picked up a large 20\" Chicken cheesesteak today. The girl that made it dumped so much pepper on it, nobody could even eat it. We ended up throwing it away. They are lucky we did not have the time to go back and get our money back. I will never eat here again.
The repeated yelling of the order numbers and the loud chopping of the carne asada coming from the kitchen made our visit very UNENJOYABLE... Won't be back.
Incredible experience: the menu is diverse, the flavors complex and the garlic naan phenomenal. The renovation makes the atmosphere that much more enjoyable and I have had solid service every time I've gone. Highly recommended.
Horrible customer service at this location. I've lost track of how many times I get home, only to find that I don't have all my purchases. I will go out of my way to avoid this store.
Love this place! It's huge, for one, has a great selection of new and used in addition to gifts, etc. Only prob is parking, but that's not really their fault -- it's the stupid  construction that's been going on since the beginning of time. And the staff is great. Recommended.
Best pad thai I have ever had the chicken is super good white meat tender and the sauce is delish !! The lunch specials also come with eggroll which is nice ! Best thai place I have found
Food is Ok but service is very bad.. They do not even give water glass to customer and we have to buy it. I would never go there again.
My second home. Hands down, the ONLY place for swimmers in Charlotte.
Went for lunch to grab a sandwich to go.  The guy helping us behind the counter was obviously stoned.  My husband ordered a turkey sandwich and when we opened it up, it was literally turkey and bread.  Nothing else!  It was kind of funny, if he hadn't been hungry.  Actually, its still kind of funny.
Totally refreshing, flavorful, mouth watering delights with none of the after taste of artificial flavors.\nI always order the Mango flavor which is outstanding and my wife orders the sugar-free flavors which change weekly.  We plan to make Rockstar Snowcones our summer 'Cool-down' zone!
Good basic American food. The prime rib is tasty, tender and juicy. They serve it with a horseradish sauce upon request.
Just proving I'm not a foodie snob ;) well it's cheap, effective and comes with free packets of ketchup. Enjoy!
Excellent! Everything we had was flavorful . The steamed dumpling sauce was the perfect combination of tangy and sweet. The decor and design reminds me of restaurants I loved in Los Angeles.
overpriced and not a good pizza at all. Try a different one.
God awful service. The cashier didn't say ONE word to me. Not even one! There's food on the ground and merchandise misplaced throughout the store. The owner of this 99 cent only store really needs to get his or her act together.
Fun bar for a low key local place for a drink off the Strip. Great easy going vibe. Drinks are kinda pricey for a \"Locals Casino Bar\". ($22 for a top shelf tequila? Please!)
Was a little nervous since the outside with the blue paint doesn't look too nice but thankfully the food was legit and delicious.
This is probably one of the most nasty chinese food I had for a long time. The sweet and sour pork didn't taste like sweet & sour at all and their fried rice has no taste.  Everything on the menu was expensive and service was horrible. I will never come back again!
Been here twice now and both times were very good! Like it more than kuma snow! Shaved ice texture is realy good! good combinations!
Since moving here in vegas, by far the best Mexican Restaurant ive been to so far.
Not a good place to go. Worst service. Waiting times. After waiting  one hour and forty five minutes food arrives but no more drinks.  to bad this is a new location not planing to go back any time soon ...
They had crab legs, sushi, longan, escargot and frog legs!!!  It don't get any more hardcore than that!
Huge breakfast portions with quality ingredients. The staff is well trained and customers are treated great. This place has real potential.
I love paint monkey! I've been here three times now and Im never disappointed. They have a great variety of courses and I absolutely LOVE the paint your pet class. Next on my list is to try their couples painting class.
Food was delicious.  Way better than expected from airport food. Had a kilt lifter draft and turkey club. The fries were a+.  Super crispy.
When I first moved to Charlotte in 2009, this place was my favorite.  It's still really solid and I'd like to give it 3.5 stars, but 4 is too many because there were a few visits where we had less than ideal waiters.  The food has always been good, it's unique, local and delicious.
Girls:  Not the place to meet your mate.   Most waitresses had huge, exposed boobs.   A hiring criteria?  Waiters duds was fine.  Interesting?  Fish and chips were way too hard.
Loudest A/C unit ever!! Loudest people by the pool at midnight. And only 1 treadmill in the gym worked. Not impressed, but my room was clean(despite my do not disturb sign being left on the door).
tried it for the first time last night and it need not disappoint. Garlic naan is amazing. They use fresh garlic not the power stuff. My bf and I also had the chicken tikamasala and the chicken mango curry. Both dishes were delicious.
This place was decent. The happy hour was a good deal for food but the drinks were weak. The prickly pear margarita was very small. The location is close to the Phx Art Museum which is convenient, but it would be hard to decide to return. The server was very nice.
I'm not much for reviewing but this place is awesome. This is a new standard in food and entertainment. Very different from the unique stage above the bar to the drink taps at the table. Overall the people were nice and courteous. Food was very good. It was date night with my wife and we had a great time.
Small establishment located in a nearly vacancy strip mall. Curious odor, as others have noted, approaching the entry (likely a  unmaintained grease trap). Courteous, friendly service and marvelous, extremely tasty food. Reasonable price and ample portions. Traditional decor, and not cramped even though small dining area.
i love this place! lots of good, healthy food options. prices aren't bad. everyone that works here is super nice. go check it out!
Always a fun time here. Food is great and you can never go wrong with television set up on every corner showing football! Love it.
They offered tap water without ice because their ice machine was broken.\nThe Curry was watery.\nThe plain white rice was edible and the chicken katsu by itself was good. \nBut I probably wont return, to each his own just not my cup of tea.
The restaurant is beautiful.  The staff is super friendly.  The food was ok.  I ordered the mousaka entree and it was dry.  The baklava was hard and all I could taste was cinnamon.
Paris is a nice hotel.  The rooms are great and it's not too pricey. I liked how the fridge was empty so you could actually use it for your own drinks or food.
OMG! This place is awesome!\nSome of the BEST collar greens I have had! Almost as good as mom's. I also had the BBQ ribs, they were so tender, fell right off the bone. And the sweet potatoes....ALL of this will bring me back for more!
Love the lobster roll.  I like to stop in here on Mondays for 0.60C raw oysters and a bloody hoe.  Makes a great after work/pre work-out snack.
If you come here for lunch, it is a great deal.  You get to put your favorites onto a sandwich for a great deal.  If you happen to order fries, they give you enough to feed an army.  The flavors are great and you can add hot peppers and BBQ sauce to enhance the entire experience.
Awesome chicken sammie! Went with prima chicken add avocado, and it is really tasty! Will be back.
Last night in Phoenix and I decided to just wander into the first place I passed that looked good for dinner. I made a poor choice. The service was really bad (I feel like they are annoyed I'm here) and the food is really salty. Super disappointing.
Love the ability to wait for a call at home instead of waiting room full of sick people! Good, efficient service. Will definitely use again!
We ate here for breakfast and it was AMAZING...suprisingly the yogurt parfait was probably the best thing that I have ever eaten. I thought about going back every day just for that! I've never tasted such delicious yogurt...i'm still dreaming about it!
Good as always.
Good convention center for large events. I came here twice once for CES and recently for PlayStation Experience. The hallways are wide and the actual hall where the show floor is very roomy. Its ventilated pretty well and the staff is friendly.
If you like coronas and ASU chicas then this is a very handy place.\n\nThe day time is fun, the night time gets a little packed.  Food is ok not great.   Your not really coming here though for the food...
Wow it was 15$ to fax 13 pages had I known that i def wouldn't Hv done it. Save your money Ppl buy a fax. Just ridiculous!
If u don't mind the bums at every single station begging for change it is a very reliable clean system that gets u where u need to be!!
Maybe it's my red velvet southern roots, but gourmet cupcake my ass. \n\nCredit due for the fresh salads and garden. Cute place!
Went to Morning Glory and had their french toast with candied pecans. It was delicious! Loved being outside and enjoyed the atmosphere so much.
This is a night club? Lol never stepped inside so I'm only basing the review on their very delicious guitar filled margaritas! Or whatever it was I drank! Nice treat to have when your wanting to start ur crazy Vegas getaway when it's nice and hot outside! WOOT!
Plain and simple the portions are tiny and the food SUCKS! Now I remember why I've only been here 2 times in my life. Never again.
authentic mexican sit down food..10x better than a garcias or a macayos. be carefull of going on a sat or sunday morning...20 to 30 minute wait for sure.
I tried the tony soprano sub which of coarse is there Italian.  It is one of the best I've had in town.   Great job Ike's!!
The staff and doctor at Scottsdale Hills Animal Hospital are OUTSTANDING...they took amazing care of our American bulldog, Callie. We would HIGHLY recommend them to any pet owner..they genuinely CARE(not the usual get into your pocket Scottsdale vet)\n\nFIVE stars!!
I haven't really ever found anything that is useful to me or my style.  I love Cost Plus, Stein Mart and Anthropologie more.  This stuff is just too high priced.  There isn't enough of a varied selection (everything is the same style).
Cons:\n* Very cramped space, aisles are so narrow that you have to carry your case sideways.\n* Only a few items were priced with signs hanging above them.\n* No shopping carts.\n\nPros:\n* Decent selection\n* Chilled section
low end thrift shopping at its best. Cheap...cheap..cheap thats the way we like it
Marita and now Michelle are my go to hair stylist!  They do such an amazing job on coloring my thick crazy hair.  \n\nMy hair never gets damaged and the results are exactly what I want. Thank you Marita and Michelle - love your work!
This is a pretty cool spot in Downtown Las Vegas.  It is built out of shipping containers and there are a lot of small boutique shops that rent the space.  Definitely worth checking out if you are in the area.
The food is great BUT the staff is so unwelcoming and un-trained in customer service. I refuse to return until they take some time to train and remove the bad apples. I am sorry to any staff member I have not had the pleasure of ordering with but all of your other co-workers have ruined it for me.
Went there for breakfast. Only two people, I think one was a server. He walked past me twice, completely ignoring me. After, 15 minutes, I finally walked out. Never to return.
Great food, starting with the chips and salsa, to the street tacos.  The bacon wrapped shrimp were one of the best things I have EVER eaten in my life. Big bold flavors with excellent service and an intimate, homey feel makes this my new favorite restaurant in Vegas
Love Wood Creations! The staff is the greatest! They always have the cutest new crafts
This review is for Mikey! I've came here at night before and he is definitely the best. Favorite smoothie so far
I'm not big on Mill, but they have great drink specials till 11, long islands, long beaches, adios mf's, maybe some others. It's a great place to start your Mill Ave. bar hop.
The Howie bread was excellent, the pizza was ok....  too much sauce, causing it to be soggy, but still pretty good
Negativo,  I guess that they are good if you like hard, stale donut with no flavor, If you want  a good donut just make the trip to BOSA on Glendale....
I love pho.  This place is okay.  Very small.  Not very busy.  Not usually Vietnamese patrons.  The only thing to know is that the pho is okay and it is the only pho place in my neighborhood, so I'll probably keep going on days that I don't feel like driving all the way to Chinatown.
This place isn't the worst pizza place I've been to. The portions are good and it's inexpensive. But that brings me to the worst thing about it. It's just...average. The pizza tastes bland and uninspiring. You get what you pay for, I suppose.
It is good, especially turtle sundae. It is kind of pricey, for a small sundae almost $6!!
I just dined at Switch tonight with work associates. Overall the experience was exciting and fabulous. The only downer was our waiter who never seemed pleased with any request or order. Nothing seemed good enough. Huge bummer!\n\nOverall the food and wine was fabulous!
Awesome service here. I didnt really know what haircut i wanted and i had a couple ideas and I had Jeff cut my hair and he did an awesome job!! Beli did my scalp facial and she a super fun to talk to also. Definitely recommend this place!
Service is exceptional even when they are busy. Love their prime rib. Sides are always great. My server tonight was Tyler and he did a terrific job.
Nice place, good cocktails, slim beer selection.  Didn't eat, but some of the food looked good.  A nice break from the sometimes gross Fremont scene.
Have been a few times.  Serivce good, staff friendly and nice atmosphere.  Food has been mostly good but a couple of duff dishes (the overcooked prawn in particular).  I'd still recommend it though even with the ocassional mistake.
Do not get a filling from this guy.  I have to replace the tooth this joker made!!  They seemed nice and like they knew what was going on....but this dental work is deplorable, Stay away from this office!
Fun atmosphere, great drinks and tasty food. My wife and I had a great dinner here we will be back when were back in Phoenix :)
Unbelievably beautiful show in an intimate setting.  Visually stunning feats, emotionally charged music, daring trick after trick interlaced with sultry romance.  Absolutely the best show I've seen in Vegas.  A must see.
Compared to the Bay Area dim sum standards, this place is just alright. But, when you are away and had a long night of partying with a hang over, this place hits the spot! Your basic dim sum and reasonable prices. Too bad the cab ride from Aria to Harbor Palace costs $20 in itself!
So easy to work with! Robert and his staff were professional and made our wedding that much more memorable. The food was amazing and the cake was the best I've ever tasted!
First time and definitely a repeater. Tip:  try the crispy potatoes. The Kokomo was deliciously as was the corned beef hash which was made fresh (pulled corned beef), not canned.\n\nService was great and friendly. Definitely a repeater.
Good deli sandwiches. Otherwise it's a boutique, with boutique prices. Just another snobby place... Sorry, Sprouts, I expected better.
Although the service was good.  The food was average.  Nothing to rave about.  The prices were reasonable.
The food is good a little over priced. The worst part about this location is the employees. It seams there is always a huge line and 3 or 4 employees stabbing around doing nothing but chatting and messing around!! It seams like there is no management (or at least none that care)!!
Yummy cupcakes!  Definitely taste gourmet.
I've bought several cars here through the years. Both new and used and have had nothing but great experiences. Nice people.
I don't have to drink Starbucks overpriced coffee anymore,  I will take Dunkin's black coffee over Starbucks any day of the week.  Also, the seasonal pumpkin donut is worth blowing your diet for.
One of my all time favorites.  I've been to SW at least two dozen times from Orange County.  The steaks are magnificent coupled with amazing ambiance and incredible views of the dazzling waterfall show.  Romantic, entertaining, perfect steaks, and service you can only expect each and every time from a Steve Wynn resort and restaurant.
Changed my rating because when I came back for my favorite boba maker she wasn't working in the boba place and instead there were managers screaming and yelling at the workers! Very uncomfortable experience, do not appreciate the workers being treated like this. My order was made wrong and I was extremely unhappy.
Had a nice dinner her bcoz of the food and server. a hidden gem in vegas!
Fun family spot. Kids loved all the burger choices (and chicken items) and the salads were big and delicious for the adults. Later night and lively crowd makes ideal for going out when other restaurants are already dying down. We'll be back.
sushi was ok. the fish was decently fresh but the service was not that great.
To me, Delux is just your typical burger joint that seems so atypical nowadays. The burgers are pretty decent and the fries are pretty yum. I would say go if you're in the area. But, I prefer the burrito place next door.
Love this place! Best Mexican food I've found in Mesa.
Great food. Hearty omelettes my husband loved. I had the pancakes. They were good hard to go wrong with pancakes. Bacon was hard and didn't like. Decor needs major updating. The fake plants probably just house so much dust and grease.
Selling puppies from breeders never is OK. With thousands of perfectly good dogs being euthanized in overcrowded shelters, how can any store proudly support the breeding of even more dogs for profit. \n\nAnimal Kingdom needs to get with the times and begin offering dogs from shelters instead of breeders.
Anytime I am in a town lucky enough to have a Cafe Rio I make sure I get at least one meal there. Their mild sauce is so good. The only downside is that the lines are usually long. But I guess that means everyone else likes it too!
One of the many affordable restaurants in the M Resort. Great food at great prices. You might think it's a quick deli kind of place but you definitely get restaurant style quality and service. Simple game foods like burgers, hot dogs, fries, and pastas but wonderfully prepared. Onion rings are yum! great place!
The selections are endless. With so many choices it is hard to go wrong here. May favorite is the mango gelato. It  is very good.
One of our favorite places to eat.  Great food, great service and awesome atmosphere. We love it.
Excellent place for lunch and/or dinner. I had the Macadamia Nut Crusted Halibut and was full before I could finish the plate! The atmosphere is family oriented but also has low light booths. Price wise it's good considering it's in the heart of Town Square and it's Las Vegas!!
Very nice, yet still casual.   Burger quite delicious.   That is all
Nice gal at the counter, but even she can't make up for the obviously frozen and almost thawed sub bread for the sandwich she made and the still frozen tiramasu I ordered.  I was so hungry, tho, I wolfed it down.  But go there again?  Methinks not.
I went there with my siblings- we love breakfast and are picky.  This place is fantastic!  Homemade stuff, great staff, clean, fantastic.
Great location, very comfortable/large theatre
Not worth the trip out of the strip
Don't worry if there's a long line... the staff are on top of all the orders without missing a beat. There was no up-sell and they ran out of green juice but the service and quality were spot-on!
Worse chorizo burrito ever!!!  Not sure if I'll give it another try but chorizo burrito are a staple breakfast meal in the Mexican culture.  This one was not even edible, I threw over half of it away.  Rather drive out of my way then eat here again.
So...I woke up Saturday morning with yellow highlighter all over my arms, champagne on my pants and bruises galore from slipping on the aforementioned champagne on the dance floor. Seems like I had a good night! Plan b: 1. Nikki : 0.
Absolutely delicious!  Super-close to home, and just feels (and tastes) like a fresher, healthier option than Dominos or Pizza Hut.  The employees are always friendly, and my orders have all been 100% correct.  I'd like to try their ready-made salads and will update my review when I do!
I can't believe this place is in business. The food is worse than you find in the freezer section at Walmart.
Pretty weird vibes, honestly wish the beer was more expensive :( will be back soon for the great service thanks \"rosa\" (if that is you're real name)
I am so glad there is a place like that close by my house, the atmosphere is so cozy and the service was great!  Well recommended , the chipotle crepe is ADDICTIVE!
Cafe Daniel has the best pasta and paella around. Great service with a nice casual feel.\nDaniel's special night are a real treat, try him out....won't be diappointed
Sadly, the quality of the ice has gone way down. I ordered  lemon ice. It was more like icey old water. Nary a bit of lemon to it. I hope it was a fluke bc I have previously loved Rita's.
one of the best catfish i've had.  i've tried so many and this one had so much flavor and yumminess.  will definitely be going back!
This was the best clubbing experience I've ever had so far. This place made Tao look bad.... I did have fun at Tao too though but damn.. XS is on another level. =D
HORRIBLE! Go elsewhere. They charged me $7 for a pair of shorts, $6-$7 for polo's \"depending on material.\" I wish I could post my bill. \nI feel like they stole from me.
this club was doomed from the start. 5 level club they said! hottest club in vegas they said! the only thing hot about this club is the actual room temperature. so many people packed into 2 floors, you actually sweat just standing there. save your time and money for the day clubs.
I have been bringing my knives here to keep them sharp since I made my first santoku purchase. Let me say that it is the best knife I ever bought and I have not found anything better. So if you in the market for amazing. This is the place for steel!
Great place to break up the hustle and bustle of Vegas. Clean theaters and friendly staff.
The best thing about this place was our funny waiter. The fries texture felt like they were rolled in fur. Drinks were decent. Lamb was nothing special. One visit was enough.
The ABSOLUTE best I have EVER tasted. Love the watermelon. And the owners are truly authentic about the gelato!
SKIMPY portions on the pho! Especially since we ordered veggies only. We found two pieces of broccoli and even less baby bok choy. They charged $1 xtra for tofu to $7 bowl of non meat pho... Kind of a rip off!  Bad pho in Scottsdale!
Best Middle Eastern Food in Tempe! Their gyro plate is absolutely massive and their lamb gyro is perfectly seasoned and tender! Two thumbs up! Get here early or you will wait to eat. This place is in a really cool bodega style restaurant with a full middle eastern grocery store inside.
This place is amazing. Soo much to choose from. Love the hot sauce section. The cheese section is unreal. And they will let you try anything. Overall a really great store
I can't say that anything was great at Los Sombreros!  The margaritas were bland, the salsa is not like any salsa I've ever seen before, the chicken tacos were tasteless.  I'll never go back there again...although our waitress was darling and attentive.
Absolutely terrible. Come here if you want to be abused by bouncers and treated as a criminal. Worst time of my life.
Great gucci store, awesome staff, especially Michelle, everyone should ask for her. They take time with you to find what you're looking for.
My husband and son and I discovered Z's tonight after a friend recommended it. So good. We had the Beef Massaman Curry, the Masala Curry with Chicken and Pad Thai. It was all wonderful. The service was great. We will be back.
1st time eating there.. And found out they sell BEER! ya I was a little excited but burger was good cooked2order ... Going back soon!
Will go to this store if I can't find the organic product i'm looking for at Sprouts Market or Fresh and Easy. They have a great selection and amazing products. What drops it a couple of stars is the price. I just can't stomach it.
They have the absolute WORSE customer service. So sad. No wonder I goto Nordstroms. Dillards even treated me nice. Time for Macy's to take notes...tisk tisk tisk.
As far as Chinese food in Wisconsin goes you can't do too much wrong by choosing A8.  Their location leaves something to be desired in the realm of ambiance.  Nonetheless they provide decently priced specials, always timely delivery, and aside from one mushy shrimp experience in 3 years everything appears/tastes fresh.
Best banh mi sandwich in Arizona. Wish I lived closer, but it is worth the trip on the weekend for a delicious, fresh, authentic banh mi. French horns are to die for, get there when they open and they will still be a little warm. Cash only!
Amazing chicken and waffles!!! Service was a bit slow but food was well worth the wait. Drinks were strong and tasty. Overall a great brunch spot
Little Lamb did a nice job with cleaning my home in Las Vegas and getting it ready for new renters.  Highly recommended and will use their service again.
Always have a few people in here and the food is pretty typical.  Quick stop for an average lunch.  Kalua pork has good flavor, curry is too blah but their crab rangoon is always good.
Best jewelers in town.  Their time is limitless when helping you to find or create your perfect piece. Excellent quality and craftsmanship.
Lots of fun, especially if you're ready to play along. Found BOGO coupons on eBay before we left for Vegas and they were taken without issue which saved a bundle!
This is the best food I've had in a while. It's just a bonus that its vegan and organic! Sooooooo good! I had the French toast with apples on them and they were fabulous!
I went there recently and in the past it used to be my go to place. Sadly the food is not what it used to be and I no longer crave their chimichangas anymore. As for the Drinks yes these Margaritas are one of the best might just go for happy hour for now on.
Thoroughly enjoyed the Skirt Steak plus the dessert of the day, a chocolate pudding with a cakey covering was delightful. Cant wait to go back!
Great food and family atmosphere. Friendly fast service.  Healthy options for diners with specific requirements. What is not to love?
Pretty good but nothing special. Definitely better than IHOP or Denny's, though. Have a few interesting omelettes and scrambles but nothign to really write home about. Would go again if I'm in the area and looking for breakfast but not making a special trip.
the Worst Customer Service ever ! Store manager sucks ! Don't spend 1cent here ! We spent over $4k here and still was treated like shit ! Fuck you sears !
The reviews on here are fake and written by the owners... The food here is not good at all and the staff are idiots. Never coming here again... Ever.
As a regular bowler and have visited the actual Brooklyn location, I found this location to be a complete let down. $30 for a half hour of bowling and a band rehearsal or sound check while bowling isn't the best ideal way to spend $30. The actually place is cool but wouldn't recommend bowling here at all.
If you're ever in Vegas and want to have fabulous hair, you must visit Lauren.  She's amazingly talented with cuts and color and she takes her time and treats everyone nicely.  She's the best stylist I've ever met!
Great place for breakfast or lunch. Big servings, so if your on a diet, don't go. But if you want something close to a really good home cooked meal that you must check them out.
We paid 13.99 per person and there was two aisles of the same exact food! Small amount of choices, not the best quality, not worth my money. Save your time and money, find another buffet but this one!
Meh.  That about says it.  Hard to mess up breakfast, but somehow they try and figure out a way.  Edible, but that's about it.
A cool place to check out.. Very trendy. The drinks and food are above average. I had the snapper and a signature drinks. Def a must go... AND OMG.. I don't even like deserts.. The Pina Colada Cake will give you an orgasm.
Had the special. All of it was good.  Great value for the quality/price.  All fresh. \n\nHad a wedge salad, rib eye (cooked perfectly medium); and berries for desert. \n\nI'll definitely come back
Was excited to try the pizza.  I like the Chipotle idea of Italian! Love the pasta for a quick lunch. For what it was it was good. But Saturday at 2pm doors locked! Is it gone for good???
Breakfast taco was ok, chicken taco shells were overcooked.  Not as good as Roberto's.
The worst fries I've ever had! The best pulled pork Reuben. The banana cream pie needs bananas in it or else it is just a cream pie. The crust was non existent! Overall disappointed dining experience!
Messed up all drinks. They tried to fix but to no avail. Food is good though. Don't expect this to be like the ones in south Florida.
Greatly disappointment. Caesar salad was limp with flavorless dressing. Veal was nothing special. Meatballs are huge, but only average. Christmas decorations still up... And it's March already. Noisy.
Great place for tacos in Mesa.  Fabulous birria and good shrimp dishes.  We come back to try different plates and haven't found one we don't like yet.  Good service and clean.  Que mas quieres?
I saw all the raves on here and I was like gotta try this place. It didn't do it for me. I think there was to much pesto on my sandwich. Plus it fell apart halfway through.
I shopped at Pottery Barn over the 2014 Holiday Season.  The selection was top of the line. The sales associates were very helpful and courteous.  Great Staff which always helps the shopping experience.
I read the term \"complex tasting broth\" in a review for another ramen place and I never got the term till I tried the tonkotsu shoyu ramen here. Best ramen ever! The fried rice is pretty good to but the gyoza is nothing to rave about.
The environment is fun for the sports fans but the menu doesn't have too much variety!! And the server take too long to help and not very helpful when ask questions about the menu! I had a Ceassar Salad which was not very good.
Nice Food, love the Vibe.\nExcellent service.\nGood food, not in Los Angeles standards.\nBest option in The Palzzo-Ventian Area.
Excellent! In town for the Lang Lang  concert at the Smith Center; wanted a \"nice place\" close to the concert hall & TGG is the place.  Great service; excellent cocktails;\nand be sure to order the pot roast as an entree. We will return & recommend to all.
I love it here! Stayed here for 3 nights in mid June.\n\nSuite was huge! Couldn't have asked for more. It was just perfect.\n\nWe will definitely stay here again.
Only reason to stay here would be if you're attending a convention at the LV Convention Center (which I was).  The location is unbeatable, but the quality of the rooms is pretty unimpressive.  The room was barely passable as a 3 star...dingy and needs to be updated badly.
Great place. Love this place for sprits. Only reason I don't give 5 stars is that I think Bevmo is better for the beer selection. But total wine is better for sprits selection. I'm not a wine drinker so don't have a opinion either way on that.
This was my fourth time at mezzo and the food was wonderful as usual. They have a great wine list and there specials are always very good. Love this place I recommend it to all my friends !
Terrible terrible customer service! I travel a lot for work and never have stayed at a hotel where there were so many employees that are only interested in talking with each other. For example, I ate breakfast at the restaurant and had to get my own coffee and refills- no I did not have the Buffett!
May have to wait but I have Seven Stars with Caesars. Get to cut the line and seated with priority. It took me a couple tries before I finally found the right burger for me.
Having lived in the Northeast before moving to Arizona, this place reminded me of the attitude that was so common back in NJ/ NY.\n\nRude, arrogant, cold service. This is Arizona, Chase people! Lighten up a bit! Sheesh. Not coming back to this location.
Came here a few weeks ago with friends. Breakfast was good, tea was nice, atmosphere ok. I wasn't blown away but I also wasn't disappointed. I love the location and the interior is vintage and original. The outside was ok to have breakfast and enjoy the weather. Moderately priced.
Great course, nicely set up within the housing area. Nice and wide so that it doesn't feel 'stuck' between houses.\n\nCheck their website, they have hours that offer play at a discount.  All prices include the cart, bonus!
great music, great food, great rooms, great vibe, great hotel. very little emphasis on gambling, just folks having a good time.
If you love craft beer this is the place for you! I recommend going at sunset and sitting on the back patio!
