Coming here with friends to eat and shop is so much fun besides during Vegas summer days! It's clean, lots of shopping, and lots of great places to hangout.
Was having a great time until I realized they house six captive dolphins. Was shocked...they are literally in a swimming pool. Really sad. No thanks i'll stay elsewhere next time.
Went there because of a groupon and we loved it. Great tasting food and friendly staff.
No teeth needed bbq
Great food, great servers. Mgmt? Not sure. Friday night. 12 open tables and they are making families wait. We actually sat at an open table waiting for them to seat us at an open table??
I've visited this Denny's every time I'm been to Vegas since 1999. Convenient location, decent prices for the Strip. Food standard Denny's, and I've had good service every time I've been there.
I got their vegetarian quiche and a raspberry almond tart.  Both were fabulous!
Squid Ink completely surpassed my expectations. The atmosphere  was incredible. The Food was fresh and delicious. A must go when  going downtown and looking for great food in the best location! One of the most epic places downtown!!
Best steak and scallops I've ever had in my life, excellent service, everything was done to perfection. The complimentary sesame seed bread was delicious, our table had about three of those. The signature lemon cake is a must try but the better dessert was the banana bread pudding which was soft, moist and heavenly. Oh my!
Wowza- called to ask a question about menu and location- Joe said \" hey I'm really busy right now can you call back in 15?\" Ummm really? Mind you it was 3pm....
Visited while traveling on business. Was surprised by how slow the service was based on all the staff standing around. Oh wait, staff just stood around. \n\nRice was not cooked all the way. Burrito was average. Extra stars based upon atmosphere.
Great place to go if you're looking for a wide selections of vape needs. People are all friendly with great service as well and they make you feel at home. Clothing is also nice too.
Very nice and clean. Small bakery.  Warm buns. Enough variety. Slightly expensive (compared to CA). Overall, I'm glad I've stopped by. I haven't had these for sooo long.
Mediocre at best. Food was ok, service was ok, but nothing special. Will not eat here again in the near future.
Not a big fan of crepes but these were pretty good. Next time I won't order the Nutella crepe for the filling tasted more like chocolate syrup than hazelnut chocolate spread. I love how the management keeps this place very clean!
Nice little place with great service. Pizza was good. Will go down the menu and give it a go.
Just to be clear, when they say a side of meatballs, pasta and red sauce, they really mean pasta with red sauce and a meatball.
Had a groupon and went to this location after bad service at the 99th & McDowell location.  Everyone here was friendly and did a nice job on our truck. Will definitely come back.
Attended a business lunch here today and as always, food, service and atmosphere were TOP-NOTCH!
Eh... not worth it.  Not good for kids.  Far from what I actually like.  They only cook it well done,  no ranch dressing,  hardly any fries.   Service was dismal.
Food and service was good. I had chicken pad Thai and was good and what I would expect. My only issue is I think they mixed up my spice level and my husbands. Mine was super spicy for level 2 and his was not at a 4. Will return and recommend.
Found this place about a month ago and have ordered delivery four times already. Love the pad see ew and sweet & sour pork.
We ordered Marco's again... The pizza is good but the canned mushrooms just kill it, please change to fresh. We also ordered their buffalo style wings and really recommend them! Big, meaty and great flavor so if you're a fan of wings make sure to hit these up!
Maryanne was amazing at labcorp !! I let her know that im deathly afraid of needles and that I pass out when my blood is getting drawn so she put me at ease quickly. She recommended to lay down and it will be quick and painless which was all true! ! Thank you maryanne
The sushi was just okay.  I couldn't get past how filthy the place was.  We sat at the bar, and it was such a mess. Not sure how they pass health code.
I really really really wanted the food to be awesome because the menu sounds so creative and delicious. But it was just ok for me. Nothing spectacular.
Came here for the \"guacamole to die for\". Well, it was really good and freshly made so I guess it sorta lived up to its name.\n\nEverything else tasted pretty normal, you can probably skip.
According to my boyfriend, the infamous $6.99 steak special was \"just ok\".\n\nAnd, I'm pretty sure their Thousand Island dressing is what gave me the runs.  Sorry for that visual.
Great place to hang, lots of games and a good patio. Food is american and greasy, but good. Gets real busy on some weekdays but definitely check out the outside area on a nice day.
No milk for the coffee. Only cream. No wonder everyone is fat. Get my coffee, and it's half full. Awesome. \n\nAll in all, all Micky D's in Vegas suck.\n\nOn a side note, the new oatmeal is pretty damn good.
This is by far the best pizza in town hands down.  It isn't too greasy and. Doesn't give me heartburn like most.   I come here at least once a week and am for sure addicted.
One of the best diners in Vegas. Never had a bad drink or meal here. Plus the atmosphere is really inviting.
Great experience at Chicago Hamburger Co.  Great service, great ambience and excellent food. 2/3 lb burger and Cheese fries are great!
The older over weight Asian lady with the glasses that always works the counter needs to be fired she never makes dropping off or picking up your prescriptions smooth or easy. She is extremely slow and has a terrible attitude like she hates her job. When I see her at the window I just want to walk away.
Whenever we visit Lawry's, they never disappoint. Everything from start to finish was great! They are always our go-to place for celebrating something special.
The place is pack within few minutes from opening. Lucky us, we get here 5 minutes before opening.  Ramen are so-so...I've tried better ones. Not too much selections on the toppings.
Must they over salt everything?
Coffee is pretty good. It's quite and i saw someone get served some eggs and bacon!
I was pleased to happen upon this gem of a bakery while on a recent visit from Michigan. Pumpkin tarts, coffee cake, and whoopie pie were all AMAZING, and put a big smile on this gluten-free gal's face.
Worst buffet so far! Overpriced and their breakfast was limited to seven different styles of eggs! The waitress with an attitude fishin for a tip? Huh? Blame your no tip on the overpriced bland food!
You need to eat here! Check its daily schedule. Fusion burgers at its best at a low price. My favorite is the tamago burger with garlic fries and extra crack sauce. Good food and good people!
It's new nice and clean but very boring here.  Hanging out by the pool was boring.
Super cool spot to get some java and check email. Great prices locally owned. Very cool art work that switches out every month.
Best breakfast in town!!!! Love the staff and love the food!
Great little neighborhood place.  Everything we've tried has been great.  Their pizza is tasty and the fries are addicting.
The filet medallion is superb!
Been there quite a few times lately. This location I much better than years past. Southwest Chicken Griller I would recommend.
Not a huge menu and pretty much just ramen soup. Good flavor to the curry and kimchi soups. Good prices, fairly small place, and quick service. Recommend for the price point and lunch.
The show was so Awesome, I would go see the show again. I took my best friend and her husband and they enjoyed the show too.
It was ok. Nothing outstanding. Kind of a let down after being told it was really good.
Despite the atmosphere (not too inviting), and unfortunately the slow service, the food was actually good.  This appears pretty consistent as I read the reviews before trying it out with the family.
We absolutely loved this place! Service was outstanding, the food was yummy and the atmosphere took me back to my trip to Ireland. Will definitely be back to visit. :)
The food you get is closest to mom/home cooked Indian food. 5 stars for food. The complementary Tea could be better.
Worst pizza, bacon, service, and prices I have ever seen. New York prices for a trashy product. I have had shady mechanics treat me better. Pure garbage!
The worst dental office I ever been. No one can beat it!!! You should avoid it at any time.
This review's for some take out food - wings, meh...honestly the flavor level's between fast food and chain restaurant.. \n\nFruit punch drink , A-ok
There are three lines for different meats. Carne Asada tacos not worth the wait, BUT the AL PASTOR are worth the wait!!
I loved the everything bagel. When we walked in the waitress explained the procedure for us. We talked to the cashier a little. I loved the pesto cream cheese. I wish I thought to buy half a dozen to bring back to the states.
The best Pho I've had since Hawaii. Very good.
The scallops appetizer are AMAZING, actually everything was amazing. The food and service were great, no complaints. The atmosphere was very nice as well. It is a great date spot to take that special someone. I recommend trying this place if you have not already!
Interesting pieces. Small store, might have what your looking for if basic is what you need.
The absolute WORST place to stay in Las Vegas. If you visit their website, ignore all the photos. Total dump. Although I've won money in their casino, even the casino and the rest of the grounds are terrible.\nStay anywhere, but here.
Good and ok. Not the best dim sum but we had a nice variety. Fed 7 people (3 kids) on the 4 person ultimate banquet thing
Worst airline, worst customer service. Pretty sure this airline will not be around in the future due to its bad business practices.
Food and service was good. Having lived on west coast of Florida the key lime pie was ok compared to what I expected. If you want great key lime pie you have to make it to the Grand Lux in Venetian.
I have eaten almost everything on the menu at least twice I think.  Bloody Mary, hurricanes are well done and there is a good beer selection. High quality food in a relaxed setting.
Ordered the Duck Special. Woke up hella' nauseous w/ the runs. tasted good -although boney -but definitely didn't sit well. be careful.
Nothing too noteworthy about this airport.... just wanted to make one note.  Make sure you build in time to go through US customs in Montreal prior to boarding your flight.  Those that do a lot international travel are used to doing the custom shuffle through the long lines once they get back stateside.  Just a little difference....
Seriously the best Miso soup I have ever had. The fish is fresh and all the rolls are well made and flavorful. Strongly recommend it.
The family loved it and we will return.  Great quality and friendly service. Awesome flavors were Madagascar Vanilla, Toasted Coconut and Double Chocolate.
Nice atmosphere, but nothing to write home about here... it's a small bar that's separated from the rest of the casino.  Sometimes you need that.  Good staff and good selection, though.
lobster poutine + foie gras (traditionally seared) + great ambiance = 4 stars.  Would most definitely return.
This hotel is a bit overrated. They really need to renovate their rooms. It's a nice place to visit when you're in Vegas but I wouldn't recommend staying here.
We had a great lunch.  The Blue Corn pancake with BBQ duck was super.  My wife has the hot smoked salmon club and I had the Yucatan chicken skewers.  Both were excellent.
After seeing the guy driving this company vehicle throw his cigarette butt out his window on to the street would my me think twice about letting him in my backyard. They might clean a good pool but they don't seem to care about the public roadways.
Great Sandwiches and pub style food . This place reminds me of Cheers cause the staf is so friendly and they make you feel at home.
I ate here while in town on business. I had the chicken & waffle sandwich. It was okay, service was prompt but not that friendly. Nothing to write home about.
How this place is not going to have 4 stars they deleted bad reviews,
We the day of their Grand Reopening. Love the new store. Everyone was super friendly and helpful. Special shout out to Chris Delgreco, this man knows how customer service should be treated.
Chelsea was phenomenal. We came in for a birthday, had great service, custom cocktails made for everyone in our party, and Chelsea's knowledge of early 90's music was the cherry on top of the sundae. Definitely will be coming back!
Novelty kind of place. Fun for kids or beginners. Tons of Cali type rolls but little substance. Service is poor and end up waiting to get the conveyor belt loaded if your not sitting right at the bar. Just not impressed. If you know your sushi and like grade a fish don't come here.
Amazing beer selection, and very good desserts, especially the Belgian chocolate pudding. The rest of the food is a bit meh. Monday night trivia is always a good time.
I liked this joint; good beer, really interesting menu (I had a spicy dog with peanut butter, bacon, and Gouda cheese) fine prices and a really nice waitress. The time of service was lackluster, but we were outside and it was a beautiful day. Cool joint.
This is place is way over priced. Bulgogi BBQ beef  $27 ? Side dishes tasted old  & terrible . I would not recommend this place at all.  I couldn't even finish my meal & threw my left over away. Try at your own risk ~
Great little restaurant off the strip. From the time i walk in the door to the time i leave a smile never leaves my face. Very friendly staff and amazing food. On your first visit you can't go wrong with the combo plate, trust me, you won't be disappointed.
They microwave the eggs and meat and didn't have any bagels at left at 9am.  Won't be returning, though the service was ok.
Great venue. Excellent rooms. $50 hamburgers (yes, shocking). Good spot to sleep but less marble and better wifi would be great.
Just went there based on reviews of great pizza - ordered 1 kid's pasta and 1 medium pizza - it took more than ONE HOUR for the food to come!!!!!!!!!  If you have a ton of time, the food, once it arrived was ok - but definitely not worth the wait!
We live in the neighborhood. Went there a few times to get tea. I decided to get a h
one of the best bars off the strip. Drinks AWESOME food KILLER
Sesame Chicken is always my default choice from this spot!
Well, I'd like to rate the place as good the menu looks delish and I bet when my food finally gets here it will be...somebody has to do something about the poor waitresses horrible uniform!! Denim mom jeans with long sleeve white button ups? 1990 NO!!
Great People, Great Shop. They have some of the best people in the industry working hard to make it happen and they offer better than new service. They have great accessibility and good group rides. I highly recommend them. The selection is just awesome there too. Parking isn't all that bad either. Check 'em out!
This is the BEST cajan Seafood place in LV!\nBUT do not order alcohol here. You can bring your beverages.
So sad to post this since I was really looking forward to eating here, the host sat us down and we waited for 30 minutes and nobody came to take our order or even ask if we've been helped. Sorry that's very unacceptable especially since we're all working on tips.
Service was better this time than our first time there.  music is way too loud.  Food was just ok.  Gonna try a new place next time.
Charlie and his crew provide excellent customer and car service! I appreciate men with integrity. I will return here again and again- knowing I'm getting what I need in an efficient and friendly manner. \nThank you!
These guys are awesome. Thank you so much for an awesome oil change.just got outa there and it took no time at all.
Awful experience, immediately seated which was probably the best part of the experience.  Waitress took our order, but never actually placed it. Waited 45min for our food, owner didn't seem to care, never got one apology. Super disappointed will never return.
The food is delicious. Restaurant is a bit smaller, but it's nice to eat and hang out, its not too loud. I love that it has an open kitchen and you can see the chefs cooking your meals, all the food is uique.
Absolute horrible service. If you want to me misled and ripped off go here. Save yourself the frustration of their terrible customer service and go elsewhere.
A good local course.  They have had issues with greens in the past, but it seemed to be better the last time I played.  Doesn't have desert, so the kind of course I would rather play.  Get a deal on groupon and its a real value.
the donuts are nothing special and the owner will treat anyone who appears to be left-leaning (politically) VERY poorly.
Always great food and service. Just wish the prices were a bit lower! \n\nFor the alkies out there, Lotus has an amazing wine selection.
Overpriced and just ok quality! I think most of these positive reviews are from people who have little experience with authentic Indian food...
Good food, healthy options, reasonably priced. I hope this business sticks around.
My husband and I went there...not planning to buy anything. We walked out of there with a couple wonderful items. The customer service was first rate. I would go back again and recommend to my friends.
I went here with my husband ,friend and granddaughter. My friend and I ordered just a water with our meal and they gave use tap water no ice . This have never ever happened to me before. No ice come on . We won't be back and I do love thier won tons
Adovado pork melts in your mouth. The rest is nothing special. I don't usually go there unless I'm with a group that insists on going because the wait is ridiculous and not worth it!
My husband and I came here to see what the hype is all about.
Lets just say HOLY CRAP! By far the best meal I had while I was in Vegas. Everything from the staff to the view was awesome.
Came in on Saturday for dinner, spectacular green chili pork with a side of the sweet corn polenta! On my way back to try the lunch menu today.
Very good burger! I order the double turkey on whole wheat. It was cooked perfectly, not too dry, which is unusual. Cannot wait to come back. Also $3 draft on Tuesday!
the food was just average, i'm gonna play beer pong next time, our server was hot
I would have loved to have tried this place but after sitting at a table for 15 minutes without as much as the acknowledgement of a server while watching people who came in after us be promptly served my husband and I left. We will never come back. I guess our money isn't green enough for them.
If I could give this place 10 stars I would!!! This locations is AWESOME!!! Amber who works here goes out of her way to do anything you need. I have also watched her train other employees while waiting for my drink and she is always so sweet and never snappy with them!
This was not a good experience. They called my name like they were taking roll call and I felt like I was simply another body to get done. Two hundred dollars I'll never see again...
Try the chilaquiles!
Has a fun bar atmosphere. I like the patio or the bar, I'm not really expecting a restaurant experience when I go to San Felipe's. Some servers are better than others. I remember the host being really nice. Short shorts, cowboy boots, beer and nachos- that's why this place rocks.
I'm weak willed and went back.  The last few times they have redeemed themselves.  Great food and service (can't beat small plates in my book) and the music is pretty stellar. All around, usually have a pretty darn good time here.
My vegan stew was good.\nRoot beer was good.\nService was good.\nPrices were good.\nLocation was good.\n\nNothing spectacular, but getting all the above right definitely deserves 4 stars.
I just had the most wonderful experience at Rainbow Nails.  Malia was my technician and did such an amazing job on my nails. She's one of the nicest techs I've ever dealt with and is really good at her job.  I definitely know who I'm going to from now on.
The staff is great, very helpful and friendly. \n\nA little on the pricey side, pay attention to the rules, only the basic colors and tools are are included in the hourly rate, that's what turned me off a little.\nAll in All a good time.
Best service and the most consistent coffee love this place
Another great recommendation by our hotel's concierge. Went here for Sunday brunch. It looked as though many people were waiting for tables but we were fortunately seated at a table for 2 within 5 minutes. The service was great. The omelettes were huge. The meal was really delicious and filling.
Not the best Thai food I have had. I found it very bland and too greasy. It seemed to be more about the chili than thai spice.
Excellent new location.   Much larger than the original.  Good size portion of food and everything thus far 6 visits has been flawless.  Parking is lacking.  5 star all the way around
dull. not much flavor.
Service was much less than expected.
Second worse airline after American Airlines.
The lamb kabob was cooked perfectly. Tabooleh and falafel were fantastic. Finished off with knafeh. Must try!
Not impressed by this place at all. The bartenders were not friendly at all and the place looked like a dump. Not suprised since it was off Grand.
This place isn't that food but the people but tonight very disappointed. There closing hours are\n11pm. Called at 10pm to make an order. They said there closed because there slow. I asked what time you close they said 11 but closed early because no customers. Bad business.
Only five dollar pizza worth getting... Great for the price!
Just read others reviews but stoped in anyway the husband and I were told everyone is going to lunch....We wont be back. I hate when people give me a nasty attitude.
Quiet, clean mall but very limited stores.  The food court has just a few restaurants  but clean.  There is an Apple store,  Coach,  Macy's Dillard's,  and a small Starbucks.  My family and I usually go to Southpark mall and we  love it.
Great dumplings and nice choices for a ramen bar.  Tasted very nice and fresh.  Good job.
Really enjoyed this buffet! Lots of selections, large parking lot, friendly service!\nWhen I went, they didn't serve any dishes with paneer but hopefully next time I visit again, they'll have it! Great flavor and consistency with all their selections.
To sum up: Delicious drinks, food was like home cooking with a foodie flare, atmosphere cool, calm, and comfortable with an industrial flare.  I would definitely go back and definitely recommend it!
We love cheese, so we decided to give Fromagination another try... I am so glad we did!  Our experience this time was completely different than our first one.  The staff was extremely helpful and pleasant - in spite of that fact that the place was packed.  They have a great selection of cheeses from outside of WI.
Went to many Walmart ' s for several things and kept getting the run around.  Finally came to this particular one and customer service was off the chain.  Natasha in electronics was on point!  Don't mind the drive or the price for some Excellent service!
Love this place. Got a Vodka Popsicle before a blowout. Great place to relax before the craziness begins.
As far as post offices are concerned, this one is descent and quick.
I'm Very pleased to see they've closed.  I dealt with them once.  The owner was a rude jerk.
The wings are the best I've ever had.  What stops me from giving it five starts is that they do not give celery sticks with the wings. That is just wrong, maybe even inhumane.
Best saved for the last. Make sure you get front seats to have ultimate fun. Wait till end of the show. Loved it on valentines day\n\nThanks\nSantosh
Pretty good brunch. Quite pricey for dinner. The peach mimosa was awesome.
It has all been said before--it's a great place to settle in for a beer.  The night I was there a couple of guys were performing music.  We had the wings--I would not call them memorable.  Again, a great view of the river and the city.
Food is delicious and prices are reasonable! Food was very fresh and was served in timely fashion. Very casual and pretty plain decor. We had the Panang curry and spicy fried rice. Definitely will be back!
Good pupusas, but even better nachos! We really miss living in Vegas because we haven't found a place close to use we just as good pupusas.\nGood and friendly service and enough space.
They seemed to have figured something out, the lines have been so much better and faster the last few times I have been at this location!
its the court house \nwho wants to be on jury duty? but it does have A/c
Not enough clerks. They tolerate a lot from the crazy old people so I won't knock them for taking for everrrrr.  Long lines. Mailmen who put your mail in someone else's mailboxes. Meh.
The food was very good and the Groupon coupon helped with the value as the portion sizes are not that large which is to be expected.
Once again I am disappointed by the lack of adequate staffing at the local Walmart.  I just wander around till I find what I need because there is no one to ask.   And don't get me started on the check out lines. Why do I have to wait so long to give them my money?
Worst service EVER! Watch out for Bianco she will snap at you every chance she gets. She needs someone to teach her the basics of customer service!!  Run!! Stay away!  Other staff was pleasant.
Had a $9.99 BBQ Chicken salad that was the size of a dinner salad; that was pretty depressing.
The Scottish National Museum has quite a few exhibits spanning all five floors. The museum leans more toward natural history and science, and it's a perfect place to take children.\n\nAs an adult, you may find some interesting exhibits, but I was left a little underwhelmed. That being said, it is free!
Went for the lunch buffet recently and although the food was tasty, the service and cleanliness were pretty awful. Never got drinks other than a water, never had a true server, and the checkout process was slow and inaccurate. Great food but the floor and behind-bar areas were trashed.
Not a kid friendly hotel at all!!! Pool the size of a tub heater broken no jacuzzi!!!
Service? what service? If dirty greasy food prepared by dirty people with shirt stains from months ago is what you're looking for this is the place. If it wasn't for tv, beer and open late night, this place would be closed in a day. I doubt people eat in there. Horrible.
This place is campy with tons of vintage posters and related.  The food is great.  I recommend it.  The price point is very reasonable.  I'll be back!
Spent almost every weekend here in college.  Now that I am old I make sure to leave by 9:30pm or so when the youngins start to take over.  Best Long Islands ever!  Super strong and a reasonable price.  Also good- Electric Lemonade.
It's closed! They didn't pay their rent\"
Excellent service, excellent job!!!! I've been there several times and Ana always does exactly what I need and she is always nice to me. Besides price is quite reasonable. So, I guess I'm going to be there loyal customer  from now on.
The place is nice, especially when there's belly dancing! Food is okay. Service is kind of slow. If you've been to Casablanca in Milwaukee, this place is a bit pricier. My favorite Middle-Eastern place is still Casablanca.
Twas real
Loco Patron has become our new neighborhood haunt.  I'm a fan of their Loco Trio.  Big portion sizes, low prices, good margaritas, and Wednesday night poker. Definitely a sports bar with a Mexican flair.
Nothing special with their rolls. Not the best but not the worst. Good service however and I love their udon though.
Wow! The staff was amazing! I loved how there was car seats for the kids to sit in and TVs that kids could watch while getting a hair cut. My son is so hard to please while getting a hair cut but the staff made it an enjoyable experience. I will definitely be returning back.
It is old but for the price it's a good location. However I will never stay there or the Luxor (same company)  because of the time share people. They will chase you down every single time you walk through the lobby!  They have 2 people at every entrance!  Very annoying!
Standard store, I've never had any issues shopping there.
They are great! William saved me money AND started my car for free!
I've been to cracker barrel twice. The food was ok, I agree with Thomas that the food can be bland. Warning-if its busy don't expect to be able to carry on a conversation very easily. Can be really loud
Airport has ample restaurant options and of course plenty of slot machines to keep you entertained while you wait for your flight.
Big Black bugs in my bungalow room. They moved us up to a tower room.. the toilet was broken... Then moved us to a suite and housekeeping went through our stuff and took a pack of cigarettes. Staff rude. The only thing they got going is the wings. Will NEVER stay there again.
Beautiful store, wonderful customer service, and delicious cupcakes! I love the variety and the different flavored. Try the pink champagne it's amazing.
Super cool place I've been to 3-4 times now and only drawback is the noise if you are with someone you want to have a conversation with. Service could be better, but location and above average food at decent prices cancel that out.
If you're a hiker or just plain bored and doesn't know where to start having fun in Vegas, this is for you.\n\nAlso, if you don't come with the group, like LAX (last stop) asks you to pay up. And their matron really looks mean.
The food here is really good! Mitch our server was fantastic. However it's very loud and very crowded. All the employees were very nice but we were seated next to a table with unruly children that the parents didn't care to look after. I would definitely order take out though!
Good little neighborhood restaurant, we frequent it often for takeout and eat there every Christmas with my Jewish family. A Sunnyslope treasure!
I'm totally disappointed. The sandwich was pretty boring. Although they get kudos for slicing the meat right in front of me. Otherwise, there's just nothing appetizing about their sandwiches.
Stopped by with my son after the zoo.  Clean, friendly and the food was good.  Portions are quite large, so definitely a great value for the price.  We will return.
Clean, small. Just make sure your make an appointment otherwise you will be waiting for a long time. However, if you happen to wait for awhile they automatically give you a free tanning session.
Ok sushi. Had better. Fast delivery.
Nice people, good stuff to eat and drink and decent wifi when I am hiding.
If you don't like friendly service, the nicest patrons and great food and drinks then this place is not for you.
business has now closed.
Amazing happy hour, great atmosphere, delicious food and wonderful drinks.  I believe the only thing I could complain about is the fact that the layout was a little uncomfortable to maneuver around - after a couple of drinks and walking in high heels, it was challenging to not bump into people's tables and chairs while trying to get to the other side of the restaurant.
Since I've last posted my review, they've improoved their attitudes and are very helpful and nice.
I just had a salad and holy plastic came with the sauce yea not!....i told someone and i got a free meal card like that will happen
We've eaten there a couple of times.  The drinks are over-priced and very weak.  Don't think there was any alcohol in there.  The wings were not good.  The fish fry was ok.
Great place to get an auto loan. I don't have the best credit, but got 2.7%. Everywhere else was over 8%.
Not a fan of the entrees so much (they are too salty for me), but the Frozen Custard is always great.
Decent place, wasn't thrilled with the manicure. It was very busy that day, but it felt very rushed and little attention to detail that left my nails uneven and cuticles a mess. Not sure if I will be back.
Ate here last night. Was good. Some growing pains as they just opened up. Mahi tacos were very good. Ate there tonight and was very disappointed.  The short rib hash was not hash.  It was stew. As stew it is pretty good. As hash it sucks!
I Love this place i always recomend this place to friends and family when they come from out of town. It wont break your bank but you will have a great meal and some good memories. I had a KILLER plate of bouef bourginion here last winter.
Great service and amazingly nice surroundings.  Locals get a special $50 price for mens hairstyle.  Christina is an super high quality and nice stylist , I will return to see her for my next hairstyle!
Totally on point with good wood fired pizza!  I wish they had more of a bar selection, but of what they have....it's good.  I also love the water station.
I like how the Wynn offered both medium rare and cooked ribs. I don't know how the other food tasted, but $35 for all you can eat prime rib is pretty good.
Great little Italian bistro. Had the crispy calamari which was amazing. For lunch it was the grilled salmon and grilled cauliflower. It is good for lunch or dinner for two inside  or on the patio. The service good and so it the food, but $20 lunches are tough to swallow.
Always a quick, friendly drive through! And they make my iced mocha perfectly every time. Love this location. The only downfall is pulling into the parking lot, a lot of congestion right around the entrance.
I have only triied beer here a couple of times but the High Roller Golden Ale is A-OK.
Awesome show.  Took my wife and the mothers.  Good timeline during the musical.  Great life story of Frank Valli and the Four Seasons.  Go if you are a fan of music!!!
Since UPS took over Mailboxes etc that leaves Postnet for Fedex.  I had a manufacturer return package with tag ready to go and just dashed in, dropped it off, greeted by friendly staff and dashed out.  Simple and easy.
I love this place! Dark & cozy, the drinks are cheap and the Bartender rocks!
Langosta Rellena\nBroiled Stuffed Lobster with Crab Meat and Shrimp\n$34.95\n\n\"Your gonna need a bigger boat\"  A huge fresh lobster broiled and filled with Shrimp and crabmeat stuffing.
This Pita Jungle had some blemishes... the pita bread was hard and my garlic potatos were different than other locations.
Ms. T is great! She uses hard wax for Brazilian's, which makes all the difference. She is really sweet and her salon is immaculate. I have been to her salon about 7 times total and have enjoyed a manicure, pedicure, eyebrow and bikini waxing. I would def recommend.
Really cool atmosphere but the food was just ok and borderline bland.  While I won't go out of my way to eat here again I wouldn't be opposed to give it a second chance.  I will definitely be back for drinks.
Love the food! Always fresh, hot and perfectly cooked! My favorite is the Lamb Kabob! \n\nThe owners are great too! They always greet you with a smile and a hello! I will be a customer for as long as I live here!
A lot of times Thai noodle dishes feel heavy to me.  The noodle dishes we had here were surprisingly light and just as flavorable.  We had 3 dishes for 4 people, under 45$ after tip/tax for dinner seemed like a great deal!
No Pikes place brewed?  That's unheard of for a Starbucks. Not impressive. Second time in two days!  Need a pep talk by management!!
Love the service and the food! I always crave a good chicken BBQ pizza with thin crisp and this place offer that and so much more.
Pros: Fun atmosphere, very casual (borderline dive), attentive staff, relatively cheap.\nCons: food just ok. \n\nMaybe I got the wrong thing (ceviche tacos). I'm willing to try again.
Usually me and my girlfriend get the sweet and sour chicken and crab angels and they're delicious.  But today I decided to get the teriyaki chicken and \"paper wrapped chicken\" and they both sucked no good at all. Usually give this place like 3-4 stars but today 1 don't get what I got waste of money.
Really, not that good. One step above taco bell, I think it's actually a mexican McDonalds?
Love this vet. They always make sure I'm taking care of without feeling like they're taking advantage of my wallet because I love my dogs. One of my boys has a temper getting his hair cut, and they're great with him. Cannot go without them!
Everywhere i go to make a return or exchange I have to wait.  All businesses are more interested in making money, not returning it.  Ha!
Horrible service and bad food. My salmon sashimi was fishy and their California rolls tasted like something you would get from a convenience store. Do not go here!!!!!!
Today (3/17/2012) at Camelback Ranch - Glendale was better, still not my favorite park, but getting there earlier with fewer seats sold does make a real difference.  The concessions seemed to have their act more together today as well.
I was pleasantly surprised by poutine. They have a nice variety of choices. The House Special poutine was my favorite. The service was good and plenty of room for our party of six.
This place is worth a visit just to window shop.  It feels like you are strolling thru an art gallery.  Really beautiful stuff and tons of great options for a unique wedding or housewarming gift.
I held a leadership training and mini retreat here in August, we had a great time, professional staff, the racing is such a blast, our room was clean and stocked with drinks, the food was decent and everyone had a great time.  I recommend it for a team event anytime.
Waitress wasn't friendly and didn't smile one time. I'm vegetarian and she said the salad I order had no meat, and it did. Maybe she needs a little more training!
Aren't all CVS's pretty much alike?  Well I was looking for Vanilla Reload Cards (Google if you're curious) and finally found them at THIS CVS.  Had to convince the cashier to let me pay for them with my credit card, but it worked.  Phew, finally!
Great place to grab a beer with friends and family. This Arizona brewery boasts a colorful array of beers, with a rotating selection of seasonal brews. The food is fantastic, the service is as quick as it can be for its popularity, and the atmosphere is lively! A must-eat location for Tempe-goer or visitor.
It will fill you up and it's a good price to pay for food ... but it's really only ok and if you're going to be in Vegas, don't waste your stomach space on this. There are MUCH BETTER places to eat at, guaranteed.
Came it because it was across the street from my hotel.\n\nI ate at the bar.  Much more laid-back that the front restaurant, but the kitchen is the same.\n\nGood eats.  Good enough that I went back another night on that trip.
Croissants are amazing!
bleh.....bland as all hell....even being super cheap was still a waste of $
I don't believe for a moment that anyone complimented this business for being so inconsiderate by parking their own car in a prime spot in a parking spot directly in front of the store they operate to get free advertising.
It was about a 2 1/2 hour class for the adult/child/infant CPR/AED certification. John did an excellent job teaching the class. It was very informative. It was only $40. I think the American Ref Cross charges twice as much.
Prime rib special is a steal with soup or salad bar and great desert cherries jubilee is to die for
Took along time to get some help and they were not busy.
Line huge. Try other Pilot or travel center
You had better like either pork or beef.  I don't.
Very fun place, sweet waitress, best crunchy roll ever and sports on TV!  They have this tropical tea that tastes like flowers and compliments the sushi so well.  Next time we're having the flaming roll and the carne asada roll!  We are in love!
Best steak in Las Vegas. I love their Filet and selection of sauces  that comes with it. The service is great and they know your face if you go there again. It's the place to have a romantic dinner with great food.
Worst car wash ever. Top of the line package and they didn't dry it, wipe the dash or door sills. I payed extra for them to vacuum the trunk and the did not do it!
What an amazing evening! Huge thank you to Jeremy and Vegas Party VIP for a stellar evening! Beecher's Madhouse was everything we wanted and more! Guest list for seven girls, bottle service and an amazing booth location! Couldn't ask for better service! Will definitely be using this service again!
This place has really bad service and the food is barely decent, I would advise not to dine here. There are much better Vietnamese restaurants in Phoenix.
This place is the real deal!  My bet for the best sushi in town.  Thoughtfully prepared and creative.  Also, the tempura udon is delic!
Food was good service was good , only negative is price
I just found this place over price! Food was a bit of below average especially \"Malaysia chicken curry\". I don't think I will ever be back again.
Great sushi after a Suns game - dollar beer promotions for Stellas!  Wonderful, interesting rolls presented artistically.\n\nThey also serve teriyaki bowls which were good as well.
Really bad.  Really.  Just don't.\n\nI normally write longer reviews, much longer, but just don't.  It's really bad, not as a buffet, but as, anything.\n\nDon't.
worst brunch on 10/31 i have ever had. ordered eggs benedict with salmon for 18 dollars and received eggs totally uncooked  with canadian bacon. bought to their attention and 20 minutes later received eggs benedict with cold salmon on an non toasted cold muffin. ugh
Worst bbq I've ever had. Food was cold Ribbs were tough will never go back. When  you spend that much money you want your food to be hot
I dig this place and have gotten many a woman hooked too. The appetizers alone are worth checking it out, plus their kalbi is supposed to be badass. I usually get the bibimbap, but could be convinced to try something else
Their Iced Mocha is really good.  I'm not to big on the bagels. That's the only reason I took off a star, everything from service to drinks is awesome!!!
If I were a Vegas local, this is where I'd drink.  \nHipster vibe, off the strip, mostly locals, live music and in an almost ski lodge atmosphere.
A great location within walking distance  of the business school. The lady who runs the shop is nice and does quality timely work.
decent spagehetti\ndecent pizza\n\nwrong address
Most amazing burger I have ever had ... Drinks were pricey and the wait was long but it was totally worth it
This place is tiny and cluttered and conveniently located in the atwater market. However the coffee beans are always fresh and not badly priced either. now if only they had certified organic beans, then there would be a fifth star.
Huge and lots of things I have been looking for in my regular grocery store that I haven't been able to find. Super duper happy! Two thumbs up!
Wife and I usually stop here during our weekend yard sale excursions. Never had a issue, very nice crew.
I was very impressed with the flavors served at Bobby's! I had the goat cheese burger with the sweet potato fries! I cannot wait to go back & I've been telling all my friends to go too!
This show was great when i watched at about 11 years of age. Now that I look back, I don't remember any spectacular tricks he did. Same old, same old. Doves flying, dissapearing. Great for a first time magic show watcher, but if you love magic shows, skip this one.
Their Viva Las Vegas Roll is always good, but the service always leaves you with a bittersweet taste. \nWe don't plan on going back!!
Had breakfast and dinner here while waiting for flights and was impressed with the service and the food.  Will take friends here for dinner and add it to my places to eat.
Closed down.
Green Chili burger is ... Wow!  I'm not kidding... At the airport?  Really!  I'm staying until I am hungry again... Then I'll order another one!
If you like beef jerky, this is the place to go.  They have a large selection of different types of jerkys. In addition to jerkys they also sell dried fruits, candies, biscotti's, bagel chips, cookies, nuts, etc.  If you buy so much, they usually throw in something extra.
Horrible service. Bland food. Way over priced. And they don't even give you chips and salsa to start. Never go here.
They changed the menu and it sucks. My favorites are gone and the portions look smaller. Sorry Jimmy, we won't be back!
Love love love ! I have heard so many great things about this place and finally stopped in to try it out! Our waiter was great! Helped us out a lot, we had so many questions about the menu but she was very patient with us. Food was great, pancakes were delicious. I will definitely be coming back !
Large retro dive-y place with very friendly staff. Thanks for the recommendation of the amber beer on draft! It was great!
A show you can count on for some great laughs.  Carrot Top has tons of funny props and sound effects.  I would recommend it.
It's Starbucks only with bad customer service.  Baristas with attitude that don't know their own product.  If I'm paying $7.00 for a coffee at least drop the 'tude.
I've been wanting to try this place for years and finally stopped in for the pulled pork sandwiche. It was pretty good. The bread was very tasty and I loved the slight sweetness of the meat. I really wanted and expected some Srirachi sauce though. I'll go back.
My family picks up all their prescriptions from this location and it never takes long, I'm talking 2 mins. maximum. The employees are friendly, it's usually very quiet inside (given it's remote location), and there's a drive thru pharmacy option for times when you're feeling lazy.
Came back last friday to try the Kimchi Soup. It wasn't spicy enough and the beef was a little touch. It comes with rice and I was stuffed.\n\nI think I'll try the Short Ribs next time.
12.00 bucks all you can eat wings is pretty cool. Service was alright. The taste the wings I would give a 4/10, their wings have a different taste idk what it is but I didnt like it. I prefer hooters, buy 20 get 20 wings at hooters on Tuesday's.
Nasty just nasty.  I have no idea how people could give this more than 1 star.
horrible dealership, would not recommend this place to absolutely anyone.
If you are looking for a great steak in Vegas, this place should not enter your top 10. Great size and portion, but very limited flavor. I'm sorry, but the steak seasoning was very poor for the price. The sides were great and the deserts were excellent, but the filet was very forgettable.
This is, by far, the BEST place to eat breakfast anywhere in the world.\n\nDo not leave Sam's without trying the pancakes. Even if you don't care for pancakes, you will explode in flavorful bliss when you try them. Sounds a little creepy, but it's true.
My boyfriend and I's go-to neighborhood restaurant.\n\nI love their Chongqing chicken....fried morsels of chicken w/ fresh garlic, peppercorns and chili peppers. And their beef noodle soup. \n\nWe usually share dan dan noodles too!
Paid $35 for 2 pastrami sandwiches and 1 medium fries, There was only 1 person running the place so waited over 2 hours for  food only to end up with the runs NEVER AGAIN!!!
Decent burger, but didn't really like their menu and was very limited on your choices. The lines were too long, the person taking orders was kinda not bright. And too pricey for sure.  If you are in Excalibur there are much better choices.....try the Baja!
Worn out. Smelly. Terrible room service. Casino has zero vibe. Was attending for a meeting. Breakfast consisted of strange powered eggs.
Man this place is good!  Bring it to Vegas, please?  Came for lunch, ended up getting a bunch of cookies, too.  Their cookies are soooo good.  Everything is very reasonably priced.
Service was ok.  Server was friendly and the food was ok.  For the price I would rather have longhorn steakhouse food.
Not a huge fun of the new menu. I think sushi is one of those things that should remain pretty true to tradition and I think the chef too too many liberties. The food is usually tasty, just a little too \"un-sushi\". Still love the decor, vibe and service.
It's a Wetherspoon. Enough said.\n\nHad the Chili Con Carne, was nothing FANTASTICABALEULOUS however was hot, hit the spot and filled me up :)
Roberto's Taco Shops have very authentic and tasty Mexican food...awesome frijoles, delicious shredded chicken tacos, rolled tacos, decent spanish rice, and so much more! Open 24 hours and they usually offer a great chicken taco deal on Wednesdays...99 cents each!
avoid waiting in line by being the early bird! Line is ridiculously long, but worth the wait.
Here is a recipe for success:  take the two worst airlines in the industry and merge them together.  What do you think you get?  One colossal airline that completely sucks
The same guy that takes your order, cooks your order, plates your order, then serves your order. Palestinian home cooking at its best! So what? You have to wait...you never rushed your gramma for some cookin' from the heart.
Service is ok!!!! Nothing good.... Food is just ok nothing special... I won't come again.
Friendly but just can't seem to get my hair right.... After several times trying to tell them how I wanted it... Seems like it's just cut how they want... Oh well I give up! Luckily hair grows :) best of luck to you all
I don't think that we will be back. The chips and salsa were good but that's about it. My chicken enchiladas had the chicken on top of the rolled tortilla with cheese. That just seems plain lazy to me. I was really hoping that it would be better.
Always quick and good food. Service could get a little better though. Employees always seem like they're hassled to have to take your order.
Great food. Service and atmosphere. What more could u want?
Very Good Food!! It tastes great!! Along with great service!
Very poor customer service with an attitude...always rude when you are asking about what they charge. I dont recommend them at all
Breakfast all day. Healthy portions.  Tiny diner but food was very fast.   No substitutions and no Amex.
36 hours before my friend saw a doctor for gall bladder problem. I thought Summerlin Hospital was a better facility.  Neglected for 6 hours in ultrasound and another 6 hours in CT scan. You decide where you want to go.
Large portions and cooked to order! Good sweet and sour chicken! Can't wait to come back and try more. The young gentleman was very helpful that was up front. My nephew got the orange chicken and said it was good but wasn't really that spicy!
Ick. Surprised this location has not been closed. There is seldom anyone there, the food is terrible and smells like dirty wet towels when you first walk in. Attention health dept, time for a spot check.
Great lunch specials.  Great service and I love there meat ball sandwiches.  Definitely a great local family owned restaurant. An asset to are neighborhood.
Went here for breakfast. Didn't care too much for the food the table we sat at was dirty. We asked the hostess if we can move and she said yes and then just walked away so we went and sat at a table. The waitress wasn't too friendly either. I can say this coffee was good
Will never come here again their rice was hard like always and the food was cold as usual hated it! !!!
Sunday- Sept. 9th.  Excellent DJ.  -The best part of the experience.  Excellent server with a bright smile.   Downside- food was weak at best.  Wings were terribly tiny and for 12 bucks, a total waste of money.   The wings were smaller than a sugar packet.  See the picture I posted.  They should be embarrassed to serve those things.
Its used to be good but not anymore. Service is rude. U will be asked to leave almost after u pay, seriously! I see that they are busy but its unacceptable. The quality of food is going down hill! Oh and all of the hosts are extremely rude!
I know this is treasonous but I wasn't all that impressed.  I had the chicken enchiladas with green sauce.  The food was very average in my opinion although the service was very friendly and quick.
After trying it twice, I would have to rate the food good, but not great! Atmosphere is nice with great city views. Nice lounge/bar space.
This location is clean and neat, but the people are not always the friendliest of people. I dont come here often but when I do the donuts are always delicious even if the people who serve them are not!
Food taste is good.Recommend a to-go here.
Good, hot and fresh. i spent about what i spend at BK and McD if i don't use their nasty $1 menu. they will get my biz from now on.
Our ice cream guy was very friendly & helpful and the ice cream's pretty good too. However, the prices are waaaay too high and we won't be hurrying back.
Great restaurant, MUCH better than the Italian Grotto we just walked out of. Warning, the hamburger is HUGE and couldn't eat the whole thing.
Wow they are fast indoor scarts  45mph, electric and quiet. A bit pricey but hey everything is in Vegas... it was a good scene!
I went back to Rancho De Tia Rosa on May 8, 2008 -- It's still ok, but not bad for the area.  I'll stick to the original Rosa's out on University.\n\nThis will be the place for meeting my friends who live on that side of town.
It was the best dinner ive had there. The ambiance was great because it was quiet and late. Although you could hear the karaoke people. Lol the prime rib is delicious and juicy. The sirloin steak was phenomenal too. And nicely priced. I would definitely be returning.
If you like atmosphere, this is the place. If you like taste.... Well I would rather go to 808 tapas. Everything taste the same and I never been still hungry at a ayce.
I went here on a friend's recommendation and was completely underwhelmed. I remember that I had chicken, but that's all I remember about it. I think Monroe Street deserves something better.
Hotel has an odd set up with multiple wings.  Lobby and rooms are dated and need a refresh.  Parking is not adjacent to the hotel, but its free.  Central location close to downtown.  Not a bad experience, but would be better if facility was updated.
Very good spot for breakfast/lunch. Signature coffee was the best! The stuffed French toast and the hash were very good. Macaroons to go!
Is really Club 5...supposedly there are five bars in this former Bombay Bicycle Club.  But if you like to dance to Gay Men's Dance Music, this is the place to be on weekends...
Relaxing atmosphere. Friendly staff helps a little to speak mandarin Chinese but they know what they are doing and didn't really need instructions. The prices are clearly listed up front. $50/person with generous tip for an hour but actually they might've gone a bit over. It was well worth it.
Our favorite local breakfast stop! Great for kids too. Always fast service.
Excellent food, great ambiance. How did it get stuck in the hard rock?\n\nThe yellowtail and jalape\u00f1o rolls were very good, and the bento box finished the meal perfectly. We did swap out the green tea ice cream for milk ice. And it was GOOD!
The food was really delicious I just had the Tartine earlier today and it was AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!\nThen on weekends make sure you go early to get One of Those (Cronut) before they run out it's really great for the price
Auf jeden Fall das All You Can Eat probieren! Bombe!!!
Location is great, price is high for what you get though.  No pool access, no free wifi....
Typical panda express. Great orange chicken and chow mein.  Everything is fresh and just hard to beat when you want this style food fast.  I am just glad they have one closer to us in the further out areas of Queen Creek.
Great for burgers,  dogs and ice cream.  Reminds of a mom and pop place from my home town that was only open in summer.
The hotel room was disgusting.  The light was covered in dust, so thick that it made it appear that it snowed on the light.  Made a reservation for non smoking room, had no more left and the bathtub was covered in rust
When my boss orders us supervisors lunch, he always gets Spinato's!  I'm more excited about having it than I am having him pay for it!\nI love the square pieces and thin crust.\nAnd, yes, there is just something about the sauce!
Service was very good, food was just ok. Typical bar food. Had chicken wings and they had to be some of the smallest I have ever seen and were a bit overcooked and dried out. The sauces for the wings were very flavorful tho. Good daily specials and happy hour deals,
What happened to this place?  it used to be one of my favorite places and now the food has gone way down hill. Worse, our family has gotten food poisoning the last two times they ate there so it is no more for us.  What a shame this place used to be amazing.
Pot Roast with Polenta Delicious but overpriced. Moroccan meat balls did not suit my wife's tastes, but I thought they were good (albeit reheated the next day at home.) Good service on a wobbly table and uncomfortable chairs.\nFun setting.
So disappointing. The service and presentation were outstanding. The food was underwhelming. If only it tasted as good as it looked. Since when is foam considered an exciting edible item? Best part was the bread cart.
I got a coupon in the mail for this place.  They have the lowest price for a full grooming package for a large dog; only $30 with a coupon.  They were done in 30min and my 2 year old chocolate lab was probably not very cooperative.  They were very friendly to me and gentle with my dog.  I will be back!
Burger was too rare for \"medium\". Very mediocre food. The bartender argued about it being rare. She was slow in taking my drink order
Absolutely love this place. Have a great vegetarian menu as well! I prefer this location over the Town Square one. Not overpriced for a restaurant on the strip and great selection of beer. Definitely a must try!!
This place is great!  The drinks are a bit pricey, but I always have a good time there.  Best part: no cover!  The pianists are very entertaining, and the crowd is always great.  Another hot spot for my Vegas trips.
Their trade counter is a joke. We brought in over 80 DVDs some brand new and they couldn't offer us anything. This isn't the first time they have done that, I have tried to sell them school text books and the offered me like 5 bucks, ya right. Don't waste your time.
If this is BBQ then give me bread and water.  Bland meats, turkey is dry as the desert outside. Red beans and rice is overly salty. The cucumber salad was decent though.
Awesome Gelato, many flavors to choose from. Very clean
I love this place. I could eat here every day!
I bought a deal chicken to try this place out and they refused to honor my coupon  because they don't know how to use the smart phone app. I hate being ripped off by MACAYOS.
Typical mall but a bit over priced and not geared towards locals. Definetly a tourist trap mall but still has a few nice specialty shops and occasionally a good sale here or there. The coffee bean here is awesome and the mall has free yoga on sundays at lululemon so thats a plus as well.
Looks like very other cvs. The store is the only reason they get two stars. Unfortunately I usually come here for the pharmacy. They are so slow and are not any help. If it wasn't for the convenience of it being next to my dr I would never come here.
Quick and clean. It seems weird, but it's likeable enough.
Not worth the time let alone the money... Given I live close by I was really routing for the place and even went twice. Second chance was just as disappointing as the first.
Decent, bit far from the best sushi in MTL. A bit overpriced for the level of quality you get, and also quite noisy.
Das Essen ist zwar sehr gut und es gibt nichts zu beanstanden, aber meines Erachtens ist es hier zu teuer, f\u00fcr diese Preise erwarte ich etwas besonderes.
Fun bar. Reminds me of LA bars Without the countless bastards crowding the bar. Great bartenders too.
Went there for craps and stuff, nothing fancy.  Just a regular casino with regular games.  It was a while ago and I don't remember what I actually did there, so that just shows you how regular and normal it was....
Not much here... outrageous prices for creepy and weird used stuff.
Best corned beef hash I've ever tasted! Even the English muffins were amazing! Also had the pumpkin cream cheese pot of bread which was also really good. Service was amazing! Definitely want to come back to try more dishes.
It is closed and they auctioned it off a few days ago, may reopen soon?
Located in Edgewood Town Center near planet fitness.\n\nThis is standard frozen yogurt fair.  It isn't remarkable and the price is very fair.\n\nI recommend it.
Boa op\u00e7\u00e3o para um Brunch de domingo! \nS\u00f3 estava cheio qdo fui e servi\u00e7o foi um pouco lento.
Tasteless microwaved-like Mexican food. Just awful. We ordered tacos and they didn't even taste like real food. Not recommended unless you are really starving.
A place for a quick bite, nothing great about the place and nothing too bad either.  Usually really quick unless they are packed of course.  The biggest issue is the servers and the language barrier.
The food was not all that.  The customer service was just okay. Don't get what all the rave is about??
Another mediocre sushi place. Tastes like Americanized sushi. Everything was too salty or too sweet. Meh.  Decor was like a low budget neighborhood place.
I love Caesars palace!! but I gave them one less star because the walk to the different towers are quite ridiculously long lol. I stayed in the palace tower. But other than that, I love the location of the hotel! Right in the middle of all the fun!
Menu sucks, food blah! I'd rather eat at taco bell, and I don't even like taco bell. Crappy overpriced food and terrible service.
well the drive was worth it ....i got this crazy burger with fried egg on it....sounds weird...but it was amazing along with sweet potato fries it was a meal i had to go to the gym after....
Great value for money. Recently renewed and so really clean as well. Staff was friendly. \nThe room had bad ventilation, and smelled like bleach when arrived.\nThe AC was noisy and didn't feel really effective. \nContinental breakfast is not worth mentioning...
They like to run expensive tests and we believe them to be dishonest. We had been going there for years but no more.
very nice concept for a bar.\nnice clean atmosphere.  very pretty.  not too pretentious.\nwe had a drink on the special menu that was like smores martini.  it was fantastic!  i loved the graham cracker dust that lined the edges of the glass, stuck onto a chocolate sauce.
Friendly staff, decent food. However it takes forever for them to make your food and the restaurant itself looks a bit trashy.
I go to this place almost every other day during my lunch. The burgers are not that bad I actually love the Baja burger and the Hawaiian burger is pretty close.
Stayed here with one of my best friends in Nov.  We weren't expecting much b/c we got such a great deal but the room was very nice!  We unfortunately got the side of the hotel facing Trump casino.  The casino was a good time for a low key vegas trip!
Great seafood good service, would highly recommend.
I love this place!!! Whenever I come to town (I'm from Cali), I hit this place up at least once!
The worst experience in eating out.  Worst food, restaurant owner from hell, rude and grumpy.  Will never set foot in that place again.
Dropped by to pick up boxes for my move. The customer service is really above and beyond. I can't recommend them enough!
Just had the brisket salad, I must admit the brisket is very good.  The salad itself is quite small for $8 but it was tasty.  Service was friendly but slow
best. garlic fries. ever.
Ashley was such a sweet server. The service is great & the place is well kept. They have so many choices here & cater to many different likes even though it is a breakfast joint. The potatoes are greatttttttt. Love it here!
The managers and cashiers at this mcdonalds have really bad attitudes and the service here is usually unorganized especially the line but other then that each time I come here the food is always fresh so that's a plus but other then that nothing really to write home about.
Thier cash register doesnt work and this is apparently a regular thing. I had to run over to smiths because my family had already made thir yogurt. Dont go here unless you have cash.
Awesome!  Best sushi in Las Vegas!
Great BBQ. The servings are generous, unlimited BBQ sauce perfect for eating or taking out.\n\nHighly recommend this place if you're in need or serving a party or just want something to eat during the upcoming football season
Everything was great!  Atmosphere and food are top notch. The bacon board and sweet corn are spectacular.  My only disappointment is that I live in California and can't eat here all the time.
I would not recommend this buffet. We had a 2 for 1 for dinner and that is why we tried it. I won't go back.
Stopped in at 10:55 and were told the kitchen was closing at 11 and they wouldn't serve.
The ambiance was nice and the staff was pretty friendly, but the food was just standard Thai food. Nothing out of the ordinary.
Authentic French cafe...total hidden gem! The ratatouille with goat chews crepe was amazing as was the chocolate desert crepe.
Fantastic all round Health food grocery store.  Lots to chose from and very helpful staff.
Lemongrass It's not real Thi food.. Even not Chinese food.. Never n ever want to come again.. If you already tried thi food before .. You'll know it's really bad........
Good food, crowded, hurried service  (the bus boy would swoop in and grab stuff as he said \"you done\")
these guys kept my engine for 4 months and never delivered on their promises. search the 240 forums and ripoffreport.com  you'll see what others are talking about. In the end this place ended up costing me 5 months of delays and around $1200 in additional costs.
Convenient, quick and tasty! I've only had the chicken tacos and they are freakin' AWESOME! Big ups!
Decent food, though the burgers are much better than the rest of the menu. There are tvs everywhere, its a great place to hang out and watch sports. Good neighborhood spot.
Love it here. The food was great and had anazing service. Will be back again! Everyone was so poliet and greeted us with a smile.
Food was great, service was prompt and responsive!
Fantastic shrimp po-boy!  The ingredients were really fresh, the bread was soft and tasty, the shrimp crispy and the sauce was delicious.  It will be hard getting anything else.  I'll have to though since their other dishes look great as well!
I am giving three stars based on the food. Good/consistent food. Very disappointed that Lindo didn't honor its own unexpired coupon for a free kids meal on Monday night. Not cool. I'll be going elsewhere in the future where coupons and offers are honored.
Husband and I stay at Excalibur twice a year. Was happy to see ABX opened since there isn't too many places to eat at the Excalibur.  HORRIBLE service every single meal we had there so we just walk over to New York New York to eat.
Tomato soup with crostini is good if u like tomato soup. Mushroom ravioli is excellent with delicious as well as salads
Good paninis. Convenient location.
Fantastic rooms, great service and pretty good location (depending on what you are there for!) No complaints.
Went in to get a bad nail job fixed. They did a great job & were very friendly. My nails look great.
Went here today for the first time and had a Chicago style dog.  It was good.  I will go back.
Good dumplings and the beef pies. Dough made from scratch makes all the difference and the flavor is good too. The lions head meatballs were too fried and dry for my liking but the flavor was pretty good. Server was friendly and you gotta love the millet porridge they serve when you first sit down.
Love this place!  My favorite is the thin crust deluxe combo pizza.  A definite must!
$6.99 steak and eggs breakfast at Lanai Express from 12AM-7AM....best $6.99 I ever spent for a steak and eggs breakfast! The steak was cooked to perfection! I had it twice during my stay :)
It was ok...I've had a zillion times better!  I wasn't impressed enough to crave it or think about going back...the Service however was impeccable and to me even though I'm a foodie if the service is great I'm usually a very happy camper!
This place was cute and clean and had nice personality, but when it came to the food it was very ordinary. These are dishes you can throw together yourself if you wanted. Nothing spectacular at all, I wouldn't come back to this place.
Service was horrendous and the wait was even worse.  Took an hour  for shrimp, a food that takes 6 minutes to cook.  The food was descent but not worth the wait.  I could also hear arguing going on in the kitchen while i was waiting.  Will not be returning and would rather go to Abay next door.
AMAZING SHOW!!! Huge stage, a ton of action all over the place. Had great seats through my VIP host, but looked like every seat is a great 1. Tickets are a little much, but 1 1/2 to 2 hours of a show is very much worth it.
The service is really bad but the food is great. They forgot things that we ordered. I think its a bit too pricey.
I am afraid waiting for an hour and a half just doesn't cut it.  Cancelled order and we were walking out when the waitress brought our order and offered us a discount! No thanks. So really have no idea what the food is like and am likely never to find out.
The produce here, clinetel and most of the employees are really questionable.\n\nI only come in here if I'm in a hurry for something on my way to work.
Frankly, it's okay if you aren't particular. A little too crowded, a little too greasy. If you want pancakes for breakfast and don't want to make them or go to IHOP, you could do worse.
The only Thing good About this place is I can run across the street to get what I need. It's Just Low Budget, Ghetto and Smells Like a Hobos Sack after a 110 degree Vegas Day asking For Change at a intersection...Avoid If you can.
Amazing sushi and fire cracker appetizer. Reasonably priced. You'll leave extremely full and happy. Portion sizes are great. Loved it. However since their regular chef left for another place food quality has changed.
I went for the doubles and I was totally disappointed. I did try other  food items and found that the seasoning was just what it should be. The place is great for those who are not from Trinidad so they may not realize that some seasoning has been omitted.
We went here for lunch.  Other than the flan (which why I didn't give it one star) everything else was just bland.  Not worth the money.
Great beer and improving wine selection.  Meals have been good in the past.  Service has vastly improved with the changes.  Looking forward to having dinner.  Just drinks tonight.....\nNice time
Stacey is a sweetheart! Everything is very clean. I have been waxing for years (I am Brazilian) and it is hard for me to be satisfied with a wax job, but I am! I really recommend her and I will go back.
Me and my girlfriend did the horseback riding with goldmine tour. It was the best we have done so far at this US trip :D
Avoid if at all possible. Not worth your time, $, or caloric intake.
just waited 45 minutes no service saw 4 groups that arrived after us get seated just left
Today was our first time here and OMG it was so good!!! Our server was Ethan and he was so nice and attentive to whatever we need. I'm coming back to this place! I love it!
Very quaint! Stopped here for lunch while traveling for work, and I felt like I was in a diner in the 1950s. Had a grilled cheese and fries - the food was good and everyone was friendly.
Pretty terrible for a grocery store. Their advertised \"gluten free\" section made me sad, it contained 2 types of bread and rice Krispy treats. The music was incredibly loud. I was the only customer and staff members did not acknowledge me or ask if I needed help finding anything. Won't be back.
Very good Pizza. Lots a varieties, they have you staples and some interesting ones. Priced reasonable and great service. Could use a TV or two for games, which I wanted to pay attention to when I was there. Good Gluten free pizza crust as well.
Currently an ongoing problem as you can all see..
Simply love this hole in the wall. Very authentic. People super friendly.  Tacos are awesome.
I love this place. H is a super friendly person. He knows what he's doing and takes pride in his work. The wait/ service can be a bit lengthy but the cut is worth the time.\nHis suggestions and opinion is very good. This is favorite barber shop in Tempe.
Soooooooo disappointed.... Used to be one of my favorites but now just an overpriced bland buffet.   Your best bet is to go with the soups... Saving grace??? Is the large selection of ok tasting belly filler
Urban Wax is fantastic! Super clean, professional, knowledgeable and friendly. A little more expensive, but worth every penny! I will totally pay a little more for fabulous eyebrows! Ask for Allison, she's the best!
Have eaten there multiple times. Food is hit and miss, mostly hit. Nothing on the menu was particularly remarkable.  Average \"Mexican\" food. Have never had an issue with the servers,  prompt and attentive. Can get really busy at dinner time so prepare for a wait.
Good Food, great service...Will come back a lot!!
Come here every time I go to Phoenix. Great burgers after a few hours of shopping. Zin burger is my favorite!
Love this place!! $1 u call it's, beautiful girls and a fun staff!!
No major changes to report here. Tried the corned beef sliders this time and they were incredible. The cheddar ale soup on the other hand was just ok.
Extremely disappointing. Greasy burgers, overpriced and stale brownies. There's much better food in the area (Burritoville and The Green Panther are both excellent), not to mention better burger places in Montreal!
Somehow I manage to keep coming back for their $5.50 pound of chicken wings and pitcher of Wisconsin beer.
I'm a certified Chicken Pot Pie Freak.  No one does it better than the Bagel Cafe.  For those who drive to Las Vegas, put your car to good use and drive here.  At least 5 times better than any buffet or Casino Restaurant.
Every single dish was fantastic and we had a lot of them.  Stuffed mushrooms, roasted asparagus, lobster ravioli, lasagna bolognese, and Dover sole!!  All great!!
Solid bar food, and by solid I mean heavy and solid food.\nAmazing rotating beer taps--drink something you like on monday, it will likely be gone forever when you go back on wednesday.
I was underwhelmed.  I ordered the filet and it was a nice cut of meat, but the sauce and everything else on the plate was cloyingly sweet.  I couldn't even taste the steak.  That steak cost $44.
This place serves some sort of food but it is not Mexican.   Please, please avoid the grease bomb served here.    If you must go across the street to the In n out burger joint.  \n\nNassssttyyyy.
Usually quick, haircuts are a bit iffy. I think a couple of their stylists are a bit rude. You get the service you pay for. For the price, see Fabian next door at the Canyon salon for a $5 haircut for kids. He actually did a superb job for half the price.
best irish bar in the world!!! great music and the food is second to none. awesome service and great drinks.
Beer was not that cold the 1st time I went here.  Thes time it was cold, so I was happy.  The food and atmosphere are okay.  Some of the table stools are wobbly, which is annoying.  They have an outdoor patio that allows smoking, which my husband appreciates.  Unfortunately, the most memorable thing about this
Overrated...not much selection at all. I mean how much can you eat of a handful of different types of meat?
I LOVE LOVE LOVE the chicken supremes! SOOO Good! I also love the sweet potato fries. My husbands favorite is the penne pasta dish with the sausage. It is really tasty.  Great place. I highly recommend!
Good place to watch the game tonight, it's Monday night football!  Food was yummy, portions were good as well. Good drink specials, and the free blueberry Bacardi sample was yummy too. Ride a mechanical bull if you want :) I had the cheeseburger with potato salad, tasty.
The lady that did my nails hlep me pick out my colors in gel and give a amazing foot massage
Luxurious, huge room with huge bathroom and three LCD's. Room service was good, staff is attentive, mostly older people stay here cause of the price tag, but fun nonetheless. Oh yeah, don't throw your robe in your dirty towel pile. Room service won't replace it.
I'm sorry, but this place is just plain skanky.  I am all about supporting local businesses...  so long as they are clean, have a pleasant staff, and a good concept.
Just clucking along. Good yardbird.
Stopped in for a quick lunch before doing some shopping at the Mills. The service was fast...tenders crispy...tea sweet. Loved the creamy garlic and sweet heat sauce. Will be back.
I love supporting local business.  I have been coming here ever since meeting the owner when I worked at US Bank.  She is friendly and always remembers my name.  They get my prescriptions in pretty fast.  The service can be choppy at times but I overlook that most of the time!
Awesome drunken noodles.
LOVE ROSS\n\nPicked up some Awesome deals that you cant get an
Food wasn't that good for an expensive steak house, a step above Outback. Supposedly our waiter had been there for 40 years, he sucked!!!!! Service was terrible
Great service. Good Pizza. However, the sweat tea needs help.
Five stars for the kiosk. That's the only part I've used. But sending a package at 10pm on a Friday? Are you kidding me? It was super easy and convenient.
This place used to be much more classy and tons more fun. Will try again maybe on another night.
I have eaten here a couple of times. It seemed to have gotten worse. The burgers did not have much flavor to it. It was very bland. Burger comes with a lot of lettuce. If you are looking for a burger in Las.Vegas I would definitely go to Burger Bar over this place.
10/19/2014 I was messaged here on yelp by someone claiming to work for this company.... I was asked if I would please edit my review to a 5 star and to change my story for a free bottle of ejuice.... WOW this place just gets worse and worse that's so pathetic.
Omg.. I found out the quater sized round scar by his neck after I picked him up from the salon..  this is second time already... I won't go this salon anymore... worst worst!!
Good when you just need quick, hot pizza.
Love love love! Everything, down to the service. When I wasn't sure what to get, the person taking my order was helpful and concerned about what I was looking for in a meal. Great healthy options and yummy tea! :)
Really good pie & chips!
Food is yummy and reasonably priced... and service does the trick, but could be better...\n\nthe biscuit and chocolate ganache is the BUSINESS.
usually our favorite japanese restaurant when we come to vegas but food was a little more expensive and portions got smaller. only one girl so wait was LONG and there werent that many people there
My first experience with Tandoori Times amounted to a combination of poor service, but excellent food.
Good service. Good prices. The sushi isn't exceptional though. I got the same rolls I get at other sushi places but the flavor was just lacking. The rice was a little dry as well.
YAY!\n\nGood happy hour.
Can't speak for the rooms, but the Casino remodel is very nice and provides a much needed improvement.  I enjoyed gambling there for a couple of hours.
love the soda fountain. This is my favorite sandwich place, food is always fresh and the selection of sauces is awesome.
Overrated. The frozen hot chocolate was nothing special and They seriously need to change the layout of the seating.
Tous leurs plats avec du smoke meat sont excellents. Vaut le d\u00e9tour. Service rapide et courtois.
Good drinks and good food-\nGarlic Edamame was delicious \nChicken bowl was amazing\nChicken tacos were good\nBeef bowl has a lot a yellow curry flavor but still good
Discovered Poppy's after mass at St. Gabriel's Church, I had the lox and bagel, capers, onions & it was delicious. I came back a few more times before heading back to StL. We were in town visiting family over Christmas.
Great place, great food, great service, what more do you want.
It's bland old white people food, if you like that sort of thing ;) Sort of like a more pricey version of Denny's.
Awesome stuff!
Had the grilled pork and also shewn beef sandwiches.... This restaurant has a great atmosphere, fantastic food and great service! Awesome new addition. I will be eating here often. Come try it out.
Delicious Pho and summer rolls. Have also had it to go which is nice. Service could he a bit friendlier. Great Thai iced read and iced coffee!! Parking can be a bit tricky but there is extra parking around back!
We ate here -- it was average. I thought it was over priced. Won't be a place we will frequent! Definitely not worth a long wait.
Great buffet and I don't typically like buffets.  There is something for anyone here.  A good value too.  Interior, appearance and service are also plusses.
It was alright for a burger place but their onion ring was good.  Their cashier staff was friendly.  It was a cool place.  We got the cheeseburger and fries combo, chicken stripes, and chocolate milk shake.  It was a good experience overall.
Bats never came out total bummer.
Lebanese mediterranean food, the chicken shawerma sandwich was quite tasty, very good fresh pita bread too!
My friends wanted to try Korean food and I had never gone to this restaurant after it switched owners. Overall, my friends and I did not think the food was that great.
Bad experience with the front desk. If you can get through them the therapists are wonderful! Brash, arrogant early twenty-somethings are the gatekeepers. They should be replaced with more professional individuals who can better represent the facility.
Had the authentic enchiladas and they were very nice and if the weather is nice then plan to eat on the back courtyard
Very good steaks and sides but there is nothing about this place that separates it from every other high end steak house in town.  I like their French onion soup.
The only place I will go for kbbq in vegas. The meat is wonderful! Not to mention the popularity it has from hallyu stars! Kpop and actor/actresses.
They hate their job and they make sure you know it. Rude Rude Rude!
The Blue Taj is by far the best Indian cuisine in Charlotte.  Full of flavor and color the dishes are sure to satisfy.  From the chicken tikka masala to the curry lamb or seafood dishes like the scallops, or even vegetarian, it is all delicious.  The atmosphere is also very pleasant with good service.
On of the best indian food in charlotte. I love the food quality and price is v much affordable.
OK  not great.  Sorry!
Just recently moved to Phx and have had many people refer me to this restaurant for pho. I have been here on numerous occasions and have had the best food every time.  I prefer the #13 and the fried egg rolls. The vegetarian egg rolls are very delicious as well.
Once again I went to this place expecting to have it my way, and once again I was disappointed! They have NEVER gotten my order right, and it's so frustrating returning to argue the point! Skip this one if at all possible!!
The service made this experience a very pleasurable one. As far as Vegas eats go....there's nothing special here. If you are looking for a good sandwich, VERY FRIENDLY staff, and the calming tranquility of some beautiful decor, this is your spot.
It's not okay... Waited 30 minutes just for a glass of wine. The management had the poor servers completely overworked. Additionally the food was not very good... It was fish and fries night and nobody liked it in my group. This is a management problem.
We went for a business lunch and were not drinking. It's not a great experience when you're not drinking. :-/
Wish i could give no stars but here we go. Ive been here for a week, customer service is really bad. Drinks are very cheap but also comes with a bad attitude.  Dont ever order drinks from KT he likes to argue and talk back to customers.
I wish I could give ZERO stars. The receptionist had an attitude. I can tell Dr. Reddy probably first hand hired her with his disgusting attitude. This was probably the worst office and costumer service I have ever encountered.
Has lunch there yesterday was very disappointed.  The server was not very helpful at all.  The food looked like it was warmed up in the mico no flavor at all.  The salad bar the tomatoe's was old looking and everything looked old been sitting there for hours. sorry will not be back again
Good food and good entertainment.  Food is good and plentiful.  Where the Key West Margaritaville lacks in flare this place has it.
I am a customer regular of the keg,I thought this keg in Laval is very chic,I like so much the washroom here....hahahaha!the service was ok.,not wow!!!
The pizza is overpriced and under filling. I ordered two sausage slices which tasted like they had been sitting in the trash for days to be reheated. I can't see this place being appetizing to anyone unless they're at least 6 shots deep with a couple of benzos on board.
Wonderfull little place. He serves fresh local food when he can. They had a special one night with a T-Bone for two and it was wonderful. \nGreat place to get fresh pasta to take home and cook.
Excellent surf and turf. You can always count on them to cook a steak properly. Lobster tails were also great. Good service. The bar is real nice out front to sit and have a drink while you wait for a table. Make sure you get reservations
YUM! Best French food I have in the states......love!
Did not liked my steak very dry and flavorless. Not coming back.
Aaaa
Had the pastor burrito and it really wasn't that great. Probably wouldn't come back. The meat was ok and the size was ok. Not the best I've had.
Grade: C-\n\nThe most over-rated restaurant in Madison. Decent food. Outrageous prices. Good service. How this place is still in business amazes me.
staff charge extra money  watch out ..!!
Well. I like the atmosphere of this coffee shop. but the coffee taste was not as much great as I expected. (You know,, it depends on person)\nIf I have a chance to be in downtown phoenix, I would go there again, but I wouldn't drive up to there for tasting the coffee.
The rooms are nice. The pool is great. The passed out person in my hallway was not what I had expected. This hotel is fantastic for couples. It is however NOT good for families.
Not sure how drunk the negative reviewers were but I have been coming here 3-4 times per year and have had wonderful experiences. \nFriendly helpful staff, great location, comfortable beds and accommodations, reasonable pricing, free internet and calls, no resort fees, and on and on. Ck them on your next visit.
closest thing to NYC style pizza I have found in PHX. Sandwiches are decent, garlic knots are doughy and have real minced garlic. Lots of great NY sports/news/pictures on the walls. Has a real old school feel to it. Staff isn't the brighest, and comes close to authentic NYC service.
If I HAD to blow ridiculous sums of money on table service...I think I would do it here.
if you loved chuy's you won't be disapointed. Even a few additions to the menu. Once again great friendly service.
Good food. Service and price were less than good so they lose a star for that...
I use to come here all the time, it's my first time back in a year, the bartenders have NO personality and rude, they just want their tip and ignore the customers, I will give it another year before I go back. It's sad they hired these pricks,
Lots of Love goes into the making of this restaurant   The best Yellowtail we've had in years ! I ordered off my usual path and had some baked rolls , Fantastic! And twice as much roll as most other major restaurants ! Too bad for that , couldn't try the entrees  guess I'll be back
Ordered a pizza & chicken fingers for delivery. They didn't bring the ranch for the fingers. But besides that, both my husband & I did not like it at all, in fact we tossed it.
To keep it short and simple... This place is my favorite.\nGreat coffee, great sweets, great food, great service, great people, great owners, and so on... I love Lux!
great food and selection for dinner. great service.\n\nall around wonderful buffet.\n\nwould return.
Seems as though the place is intended primarily for contractors, which I understand and appreciate. Ordering a small quantity of lumber for a minor project was more hassle than it was worth. If Menards didn't have such crummy dimensional lumber, I wouldn't be likely to shop here again.
Great location and great rooms!  Nice sized rooms with three flat screen tvs and luxurious decor.  I have one HUGE gripe about this hotel... a hotel of this class and with so many conventions/meetings should NOT charge for internet in the rooms!!!
For being a gigantic venue, they really have their stuff together. All the staff know where everything is, management is helpful, and ticket scanners, seaters, and will call folks are all incredibly patient. Much love!
If you ever need the secret to crafting a cappuccino without any espresso, this is the place to go. I can forgive one honest mistake. Repeating it, then not offering to make it right is just embarrassing.\n\nOnly go here if you don't care that you get what you order.
place is very clean don't have to wait long workers at front desk are very friendly doctors are very nice best Dr office I have ever been to
Happy hour review.  This is one of the best happy hour values and quality in the city.  The fish tacos and cheeseburgers were great!  The beers are pricey unless you like PBR, $3.75, which I do and so the happy hour was great!  I will be back for happy hour many more times.
Bad food, extremely bad service, drive somewhere else. Save throwing food away.  Took 15 minutes to get someone to wait on us, than waited another 10 minutes for them to make tea ?
the 1st time I ever had Thai food was here, this place is so wonderful!!! Feels like your at Mom's house being served hot/fresh, delicious food. Sweet Sweet, fast wait staff, lovely environment\nIf only I'd written this review so much sooner *smh* soooo yummy
They did a great job with the re-model. The rooms are very nice! Hopefully they stay that way!!
I went to Lucky's in November of 2010 and wasn't really impressed.  The price was good.  However the prime rib that I had look wonderful and the first few bites where then in got very tough and hard to chew.  Again the prices are good for a budget but you really do get what you pay for here.
We have these guys out weekly. The price is right and they always go the extra mile. It always seams that when I see something that needs to be taken care of, when I go out to tell them during the service....they are already doing it. Thanks
Shawn contacted my via email and apologized, offering a follow up service (free of charge), since I was not happy with my visit. I will update if I choose to take him up on the offer.
Stupidly inefficient. We just waited in line 30 min just to take the shuttle from the airport to the rental car center.  They should have more than 1 shuttle available, and load more than 1 shuttle at a time, when multiple flights are scheduled to land close to each other in timing.
Awesome place with great happy hour prices. Large clean rooms.  But they try to over charge.  And they ask for tip....what's up with that.
Have the gravy and biscuits they were really good along with two turkey patties.  Service was outstanding.
This place can use lots of changes and better looking girls. Also this is the first men's club that I went yo that didn't have a full bar. Never going back till I hear if new changes.
I really wanted to like this place. The owner was super nice and helpful. All of the sauces are amazing. The BBQ was just not good. The pork was dry and not very flavorful, the chicken was fair and the brisket was on the fattier side.
I always have a pleasant experience when I go to Cheesecake Factory. The service is superb. Huge servings but the food is ridiculously overpriced. You're just paying for the ambiance. you can get better food elsewhere.
Best pizza in York Co. SO glad the original owners are back. Great food, very reasonable prices, warm and friendly service. Wonderful family restaurant where you can bring the kids for great pizza. Calzones are great. Try the pizza buffet, too. Delish!
NOT impressed. The food was bland, the chicken rubbery, the service was slow despite only one other customer in the joint, and all-in-all, it was a mall-food-like experience.  I won't be back, lots of other options within steps.
One of my new spots to go to now. I really live their furikake fries. The ramen is awesome as well and the atmosphere is great. More importantly, everyone that works are dressed up in some sort of anime costume.
I was excited when I saw there was a new place that actually serves Jewish food in sq hill. I was really disappointed when I found out that most of the food isn't actually kosher. I don't really understand how you can call yourself a Jewish bistro if Jewish people cant actually eat most of what's on the menu.
Highly recommended. Wine flights are awesome. Pork Belly appetizer and mushroom fry are to die for. My Halibut was the best I ever had. The wife's chicken fried trout was also excellent. Go.
This place is a lot nicer than I expected it to be in an older gym.  Its clean, and big.  Still nicer than most 24 hour fitness in the Valley!! :-)
First time I have ever had anything from here. A friend ordered the red velvet bundt cake with cream cheese frosting. The cake itself was delicious, but the frosting was a tad too rich for me. I can't wait to try the other cakes they make.
4 of us ate here yesterday and we were very disappointed on their service and their food. The food was very salty and the serving portions were inconsistent.  This place is over priced for the quality of food they serve. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Cuisine in\u00e9gale, rapport qualit\u00e9 prix m\u00e9diocre.
Heard so many great things about this place, but when I went for lunch on a Monday, it pretty much was a disappointment. Selection of foods was paltry and no seafood at all except for the cocktail shrimp which they put like three at a time in a little cup. Will give it another shot maybe for dinner next time though.
Probably the nicest McDonalds I've been in in a while. Staff is friendly, place is spotless, and on table has video games built into the counter for the kids. Pretty cool.
Good drinks.  Service is kinda iffy.  but whatever.\n\nA bit on the pricey side, but it's Vegas.\n\nDrinks are a tad sweet.
Best chineese food I have had for years.  Everything is made fresh and all special orders come out perfect.\n\nBest chineese food.  Gary is a wonderful chef.
i was here today....i had combo of shrimps,it was no good,and too dark....it was very diffrent with the photo in the menu....too bad......i will never come back to this place...
I love the Bellagio.. it sucks they don't have minimum bidding.. but either way Steve did a fantastic job on creating a journey of beautiful italian architecture and real style to his casino.. a must visit or stay at when in Vegas!!!
If you like waiting for a long time for your appointment, dealing with rude medical professionals, and getting yelled at later when you want your test results sent to your primary care doctor, this is the place for you to go.
I been in this restaurant many times after. They hire a new chef,  and never had a bad meal,you can tell the difference then before I will keep coming back and   Recommend to all my friends!
Just okay, not worth a return trip. Service was good, the outdoor seating area is great, but the good is lackluster.
I really like the Steak breakfast burrito the best. Their 24 hour drive through is a plus too especially for someone who work night shift
My ny strip was very tough! Thought my knife was dull, but it was not. Would not come back!
Ok I went based on yelp reviews. Interesting place tacos were very good but small don't let that cheap price fool you. Very casual.  For what it is I guess it is ok.  To me unexciting.
Been sitting here for close to half an hour and even our wine is not out.  This is ridiculous.\n\nWe cancelled our order so instead of the bill for THE WATER we drank, they brought us our salad.  Are you kidding me?!?
So far my favorite Madison Indian restaurant.  Everything's always been fresh and tasty, and there are SO many choices!  The staff is friendly but a tad slow, but nothing to be annoyed with at all.  My first recommendation if someone asks for a good Indian buffet or sit down dinner!
Absolutely fantastic pizza!! The garlic knots are perfect (and not too garlicky). The service is the best and super friendly. We will definitely be back!
The food is okay but nothing special, seemed to be really slow for business and almost boring.
It tastes better than the typical asian takeout. The green curry chicken is unique and deceptively hot but in a very tasty way. The avocado egg roll is a nice change from the typical appetizer. I may not know authentic but I know tasty and a good price so this is my go to for take out.
Was a fan of Ayala's food in the past. New location has the same great food. Big portions, delicious chips and salsa. Fast service too. Will definitely be back. Can't wait for the bar...
Love it!! I get the turkey provolone, but its amazing. \nAlways real busy in there, but its worth it. \nNot bad pricing for the size you get as well... Good deal!
Pretty average food.  The place itself and the employees are nice. Came to Phoenix to see a game and was pretty disappointed with the downtown area all together. Not many options for eating establishments.
Selection of furniture is awful, the store smells so bad, old junk.... Big store but full of low end pieces, there are way better consignment stores in Scottsdale, I would be surprised if this one stays open very long.
I have brought several of my cars here that left other mechanics stumped. I've been very impressed and will use them again.
Waited 15 minutes in the terminal section with no service.  There were other patrons that were waiting on checks etc.  I dont know why I stayed so long but it wont happen again.
I'd love to give a higher rating, but this Moe's just doesn't cut it. My queso is usually cold and not runny at all. The service isn't that great. I keep going back though because I just love Moe's and this one is close. One day maybe I'll get it right.
We came here for the first time on our anniversary.  Maybe it's because we had to bring our kids with us, that they sat us in the very back.  Me and my husband were jokingly saying amongst each other that maybe they sat us completely isolated from other guests because we were the only Filipin
Slow service occasionally but overall a good Mickey D's. My favorite helpful newer employee there is the girl that goes by Angelica
Amazing steaks...well executed menu...great server...nice greeting...nice \"thank you\" on the way out...great cocktails.  Our family comes here everytime we are in Vegas...and they never disappoint so far.
OMG! Their pizza is off the hook delicious.  Everything about it...perfection!  1st time here today and definitely not our last. Atmosphere is chill and relaxing.
It has a cute atmosphere with all the dog photos and dog related stuff, but the food is pretty meh. Dont try the bombers... I think theyre just a couple shots of their cheapest alcohol mixed with kool aid
Come by a few times and haven't been disappointed.  Beer, pretzel and burger.....what more can you ask for.
No need for a long review for this place. We have been here several times with friends over many years. When we want a special dinner in Las Vegas this is always our first choice.\n\nThe service is impeccable and the food is the best. Check this place out when you have something to celebrate!
I waited for about 10 minutes. The hostess looked right at me and walked away. I know I might not be their normal clientele....I mean I had taken a shower that morning and don't have a beard but geez how rude. If you don't look hipster enough be prepared to be treated like crap.
I love Pong Pong fast chinese food at its finest family owned and friendly I have been going there for 12 years if you live in the neighborhood and feel a little down, great delivery when you don't want to go out. Everyone I have taken there loves it never a complaint.....
Grew up w/El Charro, USE to be great, now it's just 'go there if someother place is closed'! Dark and family orientated but I want good food, and you don't get it here.
12$ for nachos?! Are you kidding me?! Nothing really wow about it
In short...it was fantastic. I have access to many celebrity chef restaurants on the strip & Embers rates as high as any of them. Just delicious comfort food...and we left knowing there were many other menu items we would have ordered.\n\nA great locals spot. And very affordable.
Soo good the macaroni and cheese omg, cant wait to go back again... Key lime sorbet ill definitely pass next time
Great burger place off the strip. I got the Banh-mi burger and ox-tail chili cheese fries.\n\nBoth were delicious and will definately make the trip out here again.  You must make the trip out here if you go to vegas.
My favorite burger joint in Charlotte. Made to order burgers, freshly made onion rings, great french fries and ice cream shakes.
My experience was fine. Lady was nice enough helping me mail some important documents express and there wasnt much of a line at 230pm when i was there. Standard post office but could see how if only one person was working it might take a while.
The warm roast turkey is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Priced at about $10, the food is a great value for a Vegas strip location. Service was fast and friendly. Recommend bringing your own bottle of water as they're overpriced in the store. Also seating is very limited at peak times
terrible service; pay with debit card and get an attitude plus an additional $1 for the privilege.  Typical service of a business that couldn't care less, and think THEY are doing YOU the favor.   Do YOURSELF a favor and go somewhere they actually value their customers.  Here they DO NOT!!
One of the best Asian restaurants in Montreal. This is not high cuisine but the food is delicious. It's perfect for a take-away or quick meal after work.
I use to go there in very regular base. I love their tomatoo soup. IT IS A MUST. I also like their  chicken palte with white sauce (I think mushroom). The owners are lovely and sweetheart
Ron does great work
This is your standard starbucks, plus a drive-through. Fairly good service, yummy stuff, clean bathrooms. At times the customers inside seem to get stuck with longer waits than drive-throughers when the drive-through is busy.
Bad from the start. Dirty silverware, really dirty table. The waitress seemed bothered that I asked her to wipe the table down. The food either over or under cooked. Overall a horrible first time experience...waited about 10 minutes to talk to manager but she couldn't tear herself away from chatting with some friends so I left.
Ridiculously delicious. Go hungry. Kids are $40 also regardless of age, so make sure they're hungry too.
The show was primarily tumbling, with a yo-yo act thrown in. It's family friendly, and a decent way to spend the afternoon. The performers gave 100% and I was entertained, but I wouldn't rank this as a must see.
Skip it.... There are much better options out there!  The \"hot\" food was NOT hot, and the flavor was only mediocre at most.
I have been back a few more times and have always received excellent service and delicious food. Always leave happy and looking forward to going back. I am always 100% confident when recommending this to friends and family.
My new favorite restaurant when I'm in Vegas. I have been here probably 10 times and the quality of the food is really consistent and fresh (pretty damn impressive considering it's a buffet). I wish there was one like this back home.
The food is amazing! We eat here probably once a week and it's always great each time! Never a bad experience. The owners know us by name now. Great people!
Worst service I have ever had went to manger and he acted like it was no big deal . won't be back
Pork Buns are to die for!  The combination of the crisp cucumber, tender savory  pork and soft bun make this a must.
Some what cheap food. Grandma is rude. I don't recommend this place at all! Keep on moving.
Yeah...I have to agree...food is ok...but having to put up with that miserable big Lady at the register just makes me never want to go back...I think she's in charge cuz her staff looks like they hate being there, and yes....a lot of flies inside.
Nicer on the outside that on the inside, but not bad by any means. We did not encounter any bedbugs, to the best of our knowledge. The best thing about the experience was the midweek price.
Service was a bit uneven.  They didn't have many of the wines on their wine list, which was a bit strange.  The food was pretty good.  Background music in the restaurant was too loud and impeded conversation.  All of that said, this is a pretty good restaurant that just needs to correct a few small things.
I have no idea what happened.  I got a letter from Dr. Nahin stating it was closed for financial reasons.  I really hope I can find him again because he is the best doctor I have ever had.  Too bad the doctors can't go in and form their own group.
The slowest starbucks EVER! Really nice staff but no one here is in a hurry! Waited over 15 minutes in the drive thru! Stupid in my part and this is not the first time it's almost everytime you wait long wait times!
I will never ever recommend this hotel to anyone I value. I thought the room was spacious enough but my husband woke up with several bites on his body from some type of bug. That is a deal breaker! And to top it off we made a complaint, someone came out to \"investigate\" and nothing was ever done. Absolutely no compensation.
Shrimp cocktail for breakfast, Good Pancakes, Great Value
I will never go to golden coral again the place was dirty looking had a urine smell in the back the food was cold & old service sucked there was flys landing on the food
Amazing service! Ask for Brittany or Taylor. Only thin is that sometimes I really am just looking for what will catch my eye. Let me breath! Other than that amazing.
This place is good but I don't think I will be dying to go back.  Happy hour prices are great but other wise its pretty pricey for what you get.
I love their tuna sandwich, my favorite. Bread smells good, the vegetables are fresh. The best is that it is super quick. Order is ready even before I finish paying
HORRIBLE SEATING!!! They pack you in like cattle NOT ENJOYABLE. Show is good, seating is just the worst.
The food is good but the service is hit or miss.
Love the atmosphere here and the fire pits. The food is decent too.
Over priced and no customer service.
love it!! we were driving around looking for a reasonable priced place to eat and one of our friends found this place, so glad they did. to be honest I dont remember what I ordered lol but I do remember I loved the food and the milk tea with boba was amazing and next time im in vegas im coming back!
Amazing fresh food. Great service. Very nice atmosphere. This is exactly what we were looking for. We will put this on our list of favorite places!
Been here many times but has always been disappointing. Of late the quality is becoming worse. They are just well situated near Intel, home of mini India
Worth the price for  dim sum. Wait staff is very nice and for all but one not pushy. The carts are heated. Congie is the best.
I speakeasy vibe  and great eats!  Love coming for happy hour and they have been really wonderful in helping a friend set up a group happy hour get together... a favorite that I will return to again!
Ok place to buy CD's, records and some used books.  I sold dozens of my old CD's and did not get any cash value for them, which is fine but their reasoning as to why did not make sense.  Their customer service is awful.  Cashiers are RUDE and unapproachable.
Without fail, we always make it a habit of stopping by the check out the exhibit when in town. The memorial day featured an eagle made of flowers over a huge replica of the liberty bell. Great for photos, a short pleasant stroll with sun shining thru and plenty of people smiling.
I went to five guys at noon on a saturday, even though it was extremely packed me and my girlfriend managed to get in and out with our food in about 10 minutes which surprised me. The employees were also very friendly.
I enjoyed it.  It was affordable and you go at your own pace.  The staff was friendly!  It was interesting to learn about the subject.  I was hoping for a little more about how the mob was here in vegas vs just about the mob in general.   Would definitely recommend and its nice to get away from the crowds a bit.
Great food and great service. Visited on a trip to Montreal with family. Kids loved the food as well. Highlight was the live music by an great pianist. Very comfortable place for a great family dinner.
Service wasn't great and very slow.  I ordered a simple plate of steak and potatoes. The steak was over cooked and dry. The potatoes were under cooked and bland. Only good thing on my plate was the vegetable sides.
The food is over priced and not that good.  The beer selection is very good but for me that is not a draw.
Tiger roll is good and the crab and truffle fried rice is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!! Best fried rice I have EVER had!
Roaches are crawling on floor. Food was just ok . Everything was sweet tasting for some reason. Fried rice was gross
Stay away from this place. It is very overpriced and food is thought edible but tastes very blah. We were 6 people at the table today. Hoped for a nice dinner.\nI think Olive garden would be better then that.
Brown bag chicken sammich, mac n cheese, fried okra, and the bourbon drink.  Nuff said.
Great Harris Teeter always have everything in Stock very helpful. Fresh seafood lines always moving very fast.
Fantastic experience.  Rosa was superb.  Great haircut, very personable.  Relaxing environment in a classic Madison neighborhood.  The online booking was extremely easy to use also.  Exactly what I was hoping for.
Being able to watch actual TV on board was nice.  Overall very good.
It isn't often that I can say I have no complaints about anything on a menu but so far everything I've tried is yummy and delicious.  The mushroom swiss burger with smash fries is my favorite meal.  Customer service is always great and extra points for giving a military discount.
Tomato Sauce + Chicken Broth does not = Tomato Soup! \n\n- 1 star
Food poisoned. Trip the hospital. Needless to say I'll never be eating here again.
Lovely cocktails in a nice relaxed atmosphere
Dirty, smelly, and stale. Waitress was nice an accommodating but even she couldn't overcome the high prices and generic atmosphere. If you want a college town bar environment, then Blondies is for you. If not then stay away.
Jason is very sincere and willing to help others.  I have nothing but positive interactions with him and viewing all the other responses it looks like he is a man of integrity which is important in this day.  2 thumbs up!
We've been here multiple times now, but we stopped going a bit ago. I think we just thought that it was a bit grerasy? But I guess all Chinese can be greasy.\n\nGood food and good prices. Would go back if I was craving Chinese.
The airport was easy to navigate and I got my luggage quickly. I wasn't crazy about walking in the heat to the bus to the rental car area.
food was good not great, the butter popcorn shrimp was better the other places. Cost was averge we dined in and try most of the food. Was standard mixed buffet. not a lot of asian food, sushi was not good.  The place needs make over dull and no shine to the place.
Update -- went back here and got the lamb (#2 I think) and it was just okay...stick to the vegetarian sampler platter.
We highly recommend this place!! Great food, great service! We had not had Peruvian food before and will be coming back!! The flavors were incredible!
Solid chicken pad Thai and a good bang for your buck for the amount you get. Sweet lunch special for like 7 bucks I think. This is my go-to for quick Thai that is always solid.
Service is really, really bad. With extreme effort to what looked like a manager the rest of the crew could've done a lot better. We received our food in two rounds and when the first round was done eating the second round received their food with missing pieces of the order.
Loved this little place. A true local gem, with great brews and good food!
My brother, his girlfriend and I went here and were so impressed. The couple who run the center were knowledgeable, friendly and so helpful. They have a true passion for inspiring people to be climbers. As a novice, I found many routes  I enjoyed and challenged me. I highly recommend this gym!
I love Smash Burger. My fav is the SinCity Burger.\n\nThis location is awesome! Its close to home and the people are all friendly! \n\n:) :) :)
They've got boys' clothes.  They've got girls' clothes.
Great shop,  friendly staff,  awesome work.   Ben was my artist and he gave me a baddass tattoo....   Will def come back when  I am back in Vegas!
I think this place is out of business.....no wonder...it sucked
I love the Ho!!\n\nThis place reminds me of the Flinstones movie. I love the art deco feel, the pool party was fun. The room was adorable and the staff was great. All in all, the room was affordable and the style was kitchy and fun.
This has to be the best gelato ever! The owner is italian and they actually went back there to learn how to make it. After we first went I think we drove back like ten times in two weeks.
I feel bad posting this but it is a complete waste of time.
not bad...\nwide variety of American Specialty Sushi....\nit was really good...\nthe \"all you can eat\" is the best bet to get the most bang for your buck.
I love going to this place to get a Philly Cheesesteak sandwich. The prices are great.
Great experience, good food, good service, fabulous atmosphere and gorgeous view from the patio.\nI would suggest this restaurant to all food lovers. The rattlesnake was tasty (first timer :)
Good food but they upped the minimum for delivery to $20. I realize that they are a small company but get real! $20 is far too much to charge for delivery
Worst hotel I've ever been to. Dirty room (suit) really bad service and no one gives a fuck about your complains...\nNow lying in my bed and realized the TV does not work .... Never ever again ... Service as beeing on an festival for lots of bucks....
The Strip hotels have instituted a new unadvertised scam. It called \"Resort Fee\" which is an unadvertised fee that's add to you hotel rate. Plus it's subject to sales tax. Your a loser even before you step up to the machines.
Wonderful finds at Jazzman! Only reason it's a 4 star is that some things are over priced and it's a bit crammed. The staff is friendly and helpful however, and you can usually find some great things.
it was very low class crowd there\nI was there when it was a show for tire manufactures and industry and they were all getting excited like crazy and I didn't feel safe there \nbut I really liked their pictures that they use for their advertising \nI think they are seven girls from behind and all of them have a nice butt
Roast pig was very fatty. The noodle soups were horrible. The bbq pork was okay. The fried rice was tasty. Would not return.
the food was pretty good.. but the most outstanding thing i found about this place was the cleanliness.. wow everything was sparkling and spotless which makes your meal go down better.. the staff was tiding up the whole time i was there.. thank you
The drink is good but the food is bad. Comparing with LA store. Vegas store is not good at all.
Great wine. Poor menu and food. I won't be back.  But if you are going for nice wines and  pretty women and don't care about the food, then this might work for you.
LOVE it! MUCH better than some of the CU alternatives when it comes to Indian food. \nI recommend the saag paneer, and they have DELICIOUS naan.
The pastries were flat and did not have much filling inside. They have room for improvement. \n\nI tried several of the buns, with high hopes for the red bean, but it was disappointing.
Warning!\nDO NOT TAKE YOUR DOG HERE! I'm so livid that I will have to update the details in a few hours.
Having a bad day? Sit at the sushi bar and order a few specials. Need a bit of happiness?  Yonaka can provide multiple bites of sunshine. I love this place and always will. They never cease to amaze.
I thought the food and the service was above average. The view was incredible. My wife and I enjoyed very much
Service was ok but not inviting. The country fried steak was terrible. We also has the BLT sandwich which was good. The fries and hash browns were plain. They have a cheap lunch menu but I will not return to try it.
You're not going to do much better in the Phoenix Metro area.  Sure you can go to Chompies, but after 25 years, its nice to have another option.  They get my business when I'm in N. Scottsdale.
First time at a Vegas pool party and WOW pretty much sums it up! Very attractive staff, prices are quite steep but it is certainly an experience to remember if you don't drink so much that you forget! The sun is brutal! Lotion up and enjoy the views!
I think this place is incredible! The line goes fast, nice open atmosphere, everything is spread out. Selections are from seafood to mid- eastern cuisine. Reasonable priced 2 lunch passes were 50.00. Only bad thing is that drink service was slow but it's worth it having such a great selection of options.
Service was good, food was bland at best. Ordered blackened Ahi tuna extra crab cake and wasabi potato cakes. All were mediocre nothing stood out other than the wait staff who took their job serious and were very attentive.
Restaurant now closed :-( \nThis was my favorite Pho spot in the SW.\nYou will be missed.
Dont waste your time. Food was EXTREMELY salty, i could hardly finish. Wait staff was not very friendly either. Food was def lacking
So overrated.\nSo not that good.\nAnd SO expensive!!
This is what frozen yogurt should be - creamy, saturated flavors. Not icy. Try the mint Oreo!  Delish!  A must-visit whenever I travel to Phoenix.
Never had a bad meal here. Love their Singapore noodles plus service is great
the branch inside Fry's is now closed
I went in recently and had a Panda bowl, which consisted of noodles and orange chicken.\n\nIt must have been a bad batch, but the orange chicken was somewhat burnt, over cooked, and crunchy.\n\nI might give them another chance in the future.
Its Home Depot. You've got questions, they have answers. Not always the best 1's but they will give you answer. Necessary evils in the game of life. Clean location, questionable PDSS employees but most of all I gotta say thanks for the Military Discount
If there was 0 stars that is what I would give.  I did one start because all the cold for was good.   Key word was cold!! Panini, calzone, spaghetti, and pizza. ..all cold!!!  Service was horrible.   For dinner we there almost 2 hours!  I will not be back to this location!
Best pizza I've ever had! Everything is just great here, pizza, salad, cheesecake......... everything!
Horrible impression of the sales team at this dealership. Didn't seem very interested in the customer or building a long term relationship. Highly recommend that anyone reading this review shop elsewhere. Under no circumstance will I ever shop here again.
Food was alright.  I had the seafood taco platter and it was claimed to be amazing.  I wasn't amazed, but enjoyed it nonetheless.  \nAmbience and music was excellent.\nmargaritas were nice and strong.\nservice was ok.
The lounge was a little disappointing.  It had a sad 80's strip-club ambience.  It's supposed to be the #1 makeout spot in Vegas, but that's not the feeling I had there.  The tv's should've played something other than old bluegrass live performances.
Fantasic massage! Ive been to many massage places, but this place has the best!  The massage therapists here are highly experienced and caring for the clients.  Highly recommended.
quite quick but crappy car wash...
Overall food experience not as expected. Table for 6, food took a little bit too long to arrive. Burgers and fries are not the best thing u will ever experience. Salad is just ok. Steak looked nice, but u really pay for the name and fame...
This theater is so dang busy. I understand it is in the middle of Town Square and all, but it has a vibe to it that makes me feel unwelcome. It really isn't for locals unless absolutely convenient or necessary. The seats are nice and the prices are high. Except for the $5 Tues movies.
The Mini Shrimp Chimis are just ok & the HOT hot sauce that comes with the chips is not very hot.
Place is pretty dead.  Not really to sure what all has changed since it was the Smoke Ranch Junction.  I will have to come back another day and give this a second try.
Ambeiance is appealing, service is friendly & attentive. Hawaiian punch is to die for! I highly recommend the fish taco's, very filling. The ONLY negative is the hours, only open till 9 week days and 10 fri & sat.
Perfect atmosphere. Best BLT, fried pickles and pasta salad(with Stevie's dressing.) One of my favorites in Charlotte.
The food was good, it was a little cold though and you could tell it had been sitting under heat lamps. Not the kitchen staffs fault. I was the service, or shall I say lack there of. The waiters were too busy hitting on the female staff to care about what the patrons were in need of.
The crust... The sauce.. the pepperoni... As good as it gets.  I gladly dive 20 minutes to pick up this pizza.  You can tell the people that run this place care about the food.  The inside isn't the most comfortable, but I heard they worked on that.
At 12:45 pm, this place was packed. Some had to stay outside to wait for their seats. Good food, service and reasonable prices for a Thai restaurant. I would come back again next time when I am in town.
Went here for my birthday a couple weeks ago.  Who knew four people could eat and drink that much?  Cheese and wine heaven.... and that hot pretzel with the most spectacular mustard is stuff gastro dreams are made of.
ruined a very expensive dress and when  had to reimburse me for it...pushed back. This was in in DC Ranch. DO NOT USE IN MY OPINION.
Although not much to look at, the pizza, pasta and salads we had were fabulous (including the gluten free pizza!). The staff was great. And those garlic knots . . . mmmmm.
Food is good and location is convenient. Service is terrible - even the owner - the older woman acts like its an inconvenience to help people. We have had the opportunity to give her more business but decided against it because of the service. Don't waste your time.
This Starbucks is the same as every other Starbucks out there. OK service, OK Coffee, OK price considering the fact that EVERYONE overcharges for Coffee! It gets the job done when I'm on the go.
Lobster quesadillas, guacamole & good cold Mexican beer. Restaurant not keen on the chips & salsa like typical restaurants- however the chef was kind enough to give us a yummy bowl. Long wait for a table &limited parking are 2 downfalls.
This is definitely a half decent sushi takeout place. Do not expect to walk in and be teleported to Japan! It's good... It isn't great. But if fairly inexpensive sushi takeout is what you're looking for, this might be your place!
Great happy hour! A nice place to hang out and grab some drinks. The baked goat cheese is amazing as are their baguettes. Service was good considering how large our party was. Happy to add this place to my HH list and will be back!
After a few attempts trying to get a smog check at a location near me, and constantly being told the smog tech was not there, I finally came here. The team at Jiffy Lube was friendly and efficient. I was in and out in approximately 10 minutes. They even opened my car door for me; fancy!
Awesome meal - flavorful food, large portions, not overly expensive.  The Marscapone dip was outstanding and the bread pudding dessert was one if the best I've had!  Go and enjoy the gluttony!
Love this place!  Great wine selection,  good made on the spot food and yummy pastries and desserts.  There is a warm fireplace for winter and a nice sidewalk cafe for spring and summer time.  The coffee is stellar!  A great place to meet friends and catch up with a glass of wine or coffee.
Completely measures up.  Love the cleanliness, the music, and the out of this world yogurt.  Its heaven.
Visiting from hawaii and visited this store. You can almost find every part you need in this store! Well stocked and very clean! must say one of my favorite RC shops.
Good AYCE. No complaints nice variety of items on the menu.
Such an awesome doctor.  Patient, takes time to talk and listen.  Wasn't all excited to just jump on my break and crack me, he was careful to keep my body safe. Totally recommend Dr. Halle
orders are usually right, food is good, better than the other surprise options like mcdonalds and jack in the box.
Dissapointed, I will give it another month and go gain. Half of the pizza's that came out were burnt and had huge bubbles. There are way better pizza places in the northwest, I am going back to Northside Nathan's.
its a alright place servers are wonderful but didn't quite enjoy the food
I hate this location. Only here does it take more than ten minutes to get the one item I ordered. The staff are friendly, but they move at a glacial pace. If this wasn't right by my house I would never come here. I still avoid is most of the time.
Probably one of my favorites in madison. The bolognese is fantastic. I've been here at least 25 times and have never had a bad experience. Service is knowledgable and polite.
Pizza Natali's pizza and wings are pretty good especially with their yelp deal $20 for $40 worth.
I enjoyed the show. Yes, it could be better but I liked it. It made me want to go see Cirque du Soleil O. Heard that one is wonderful.
Freshly-made pasta is delicious!
I have been here 4 times now, and it is not getting any better than the first visit soon after opening - no oysters available. Really? The food is okay, the service is slow, and they just changed the rules on oysters on Saturday afternoon 1/2 price appetizers. I won't be coming back.
Everything was wonderful. Prices were vey reasonable.  They had A LOT of variety and portions were a good size. You won't be disappointed.  Get a seat when you come in because it's busy.  Definitely will come again.
I like Sushi 101 alot. They have an awesome HH with really cheap prices on all the rolls and drinks! I love the Sweet Potato Roll and the cucumber salad. It can get a little loud in there with all the college kids. You can't beat  the Sake Bombers for $5!!!
This place is the best! Awesome sushi, great value and very good service... A hidden gem. We eat here when in Phoenix and have a free night.\n\nDon't miss it if you're looking for a casual, laid back evening of sushi.
Went to lunch here for the first time. This place is super cute. Loads of character!  I had the everything hot dog with fries and a coke for about 7 bucks. The food came out quickly and tasted great. Im not a big hot dog fan generally ..but I really liked it!
More of a bar than anything. I think their food is way too greasy and when I go in there, something is always sticky. That's pretty gross..
I love it. Great food and the 10 minute loading zone outside works well for to-go orders if there's no line. $3 for a 16oz horchata is a straight up ripoff compared to Pepe's. The burritos are good and no upcharge for wet style.
Sexy little bar tucked in next to the check-in desks.  It's one of the quieter places to drink at The Cosmo.  Definitely recommend!
It's food-court food.  Apparently some of them are chains (Subway, Quiznos, Basha, etc.)  The souvlaki I had was good, but then again, I've never had it.  Wish they had lamb.
Good food. Should have stuck with breakfast items instead of lunch.  Burger was not bad but not amazing.  Pancakes where amazing and so was potato salad
Store isn't in a great area. Easy to find though which is good. Could be a little bigger inside. Some employees are nice, some aren't. Basically a hit or miss with them whenever you go in. Selection for things is pretty big though, especially the big selections for halloween costumes.
My kids love this place !!!  And I love the burgers and the wings the best so far
Something was missing\nUsual suspects on tap...\nleaves more to desire
good selection, of course decently priced.
Been eating here for the past 2 years at least every other week. Best subs around the university area, especially the Gyros.
Worst place ever... Horribe customer service will not recommend this location... I will not be entering this place ever again!!
My favorite donut spot in Vegas. Staff are really nice (I think the girl was called Megan?!) Maple bacon bars are amazing!\nTip - go earlier in the day for more variety.
Super fresh. Amazing every time. But I save my visits for special occasions because it is too pricey. Only down side. :(
No coffee brewed and ready to serve at 9:00 AM with 7 people working behind the counter. They Forgot about me after it finished brewing. Half and half was empty. 20 minutes for a basic cup of coffee. Not the best baristas in the Starbucks system. At least the coffee tasted OK.
Great place great food everything about this place is great everyone there is friendly and welcoming food is awesome and delicious really authentic Mexican food love that the chef paco comes out of the kitchen to say hello... Don't let it deceive you that us next to a gentlemen's  club very family friendly
A basic asian market in a really shady neighborhood in town.  Kinda hard to find too.  If you are looking for something akin to Seattle's Uwajimaya or San Fran's Chinatown fare, I think you'll be disappointed by its limitedness.
I called last minute, the guy was very nice to accomodate me with 2 massages right away! My masseuse was a guy named John, very strong hands, amazing grip... I loved every second of it. The place was quiet, very serene and peaceful. I will be coming back!!!
Dropped from 4 stars to 3 when I ordered what seemed like the normal California Burrito. Unfortunately when I got home, I found out it contained RICE instead of Fries. Who the Hell puts Rice instead of Fries in a California Burrito? What a let down!
The Duck Blind is where it's at!\n\nFor $33, you get to watch the Madison Mallards while you enjoy unlimited food and beer all night long in the Duck Blind.  Bring all your friends! The duck blind is great for big groups.
Not a huge Thai food fan but I went here this weekend and it was pretty good, service was good food was good. A little warm though inside seemed the ac was turned up a little to high for my taste but it was ok. Overall will defiantly recommend all the time
I spend  a lot of time at Phoenix Sky Harbor and it is a great airport. It is easy to maneuver. The signs are clear. The parking works. The cell lot is easy to find. I have not used the train...but I will!
Will-iam dj'd when i was there, huge place, lots of vip booths everywhere, nice atmosphere, cups should be served with lids though since we are in a pool.
The view is amazing and our cocktail server was really cool very chill spot great for a mellow night in Vegas
Serrano's is on of my most favorite restaurants of all time.  I go at least once a week.   Chips and Salsa are Great! As well as the service and food.  I would suggest sitting in the lounge/bar area. It's nice and quiet and the servers are fabulous.
I LOVE Couture Clips!  What a wonderful groomer - I have 2 shih tzu's and she did an amazing job.  I've been looking for a great mobile groomer for a LONG time and I finally found one!
Amazing sushi, friendly chefs and I love their yellowtail! If you want something small to eat but not all you can eat, there's happy hour and it's 50% off from 1-5 on Mondays though Thursday and all day for Sunday. The place is my to go sushi ayce. Amazing food!!
If you need anything, and boy do I mean anything alcohol based... This is the place to find it.
My mom has been at Sante for 5 weeks. Physical therapy good.  Facility clean and food great. She received a serious bed wound over 3 weeks ago that is being treated by wound specialist. She is diabetic . They want to release her and have not revealed her condition to Medicare as I stated in my appeal.
Very clean and updated rooms. The bed was comfortable. The staff was pleasant. I was also impressed by the free breakfast & coffee every morning. I don't have a single complaint about this hotel. Had a great stay!
This place has AMAZING food!  I had the Kobe beef burger with sweet potato fries...YUMMMMM.  We also had some appetizers. They were all delicious!
Excellent.  Best in the Millvale area so far. Always fresh ingredients and dough.  The wings are great, not soggy or microwaved. Try the square cut pizza,  it's awesome.
I came here thinking I can get some food cheap and quick but it was the exact opposite. I had the 2 scoops gelato it was $8 that was good gelato but too expensive. I had the super dry BBQ chicken at Bar BQ not good at all
Food is fresh.I'd compare it to Jimmy Johns but way more pricier.I paid 15$ for a California sandwich,water bottle & bag of chips.Not worth the prices if you ask me.Seems like organic prices
Best venue in town to see a show.  Over the years, I've seen Galactic, Medeski Martin & Wood, Soulive, Victor Wooten, and many others.  Can get a bit tight, but that's the price you have to pay to see live music in Charlotte.
Went here for the first time!!! Had the Mongolian Beef with a side of fried rice. Overall my experience was GREAT! I don't think I'll be ordering the fried rice again, wasn't that's great...But the Mongolian Beef was AMAZING! Loved it
awesome cocktails, awesome bbq, dangerously tasty food.  service was good both times as well.  would definitely return and recommend to friends.
These cupcakes were delicious and best of all vegan! The owner was very nice too! I highly recommend you try this if you want something sweet!
I like this place. Super close to home. Kinda too busy for me at times. But good for them!\nDirty Chai latte....amazing..
My ten year old son loved it. Need I say more-it was more about quantity then quality.\n\nRight next to Guitar Center  and Bonefish-either one I recommend- but don't stop for salad next door and expect much.
I love it here! They are so friendly and remember you. I just love the staff from the phone, to the front desk, to sitting in the chair. The atmosphere is very relaxing and modern.\nI feel like I'm in excellent hands and taken care of. They listen, are patient, and discuss options with me.
Second try - still disappointing. Still overpriced.
Horrible company, horrible customer service and totally ripped me off on monthly fees. I got charged twice before my first month was even up an was NEVER told about this. We I called, the manager said it was in the contract I signed, which I have never seen or was not given a copy of.
HORRIBLE!  do not eat here.  there is no selection, food is below average.  severe dissapointment. the star is for our bus man.  he was so friendly & helpful.
I wish I could figure out a way to post the picture of the curly, kinky black hair I found in my takeout AFTER I had eaten most of it. Maybe then I could also figure out a way to stop gagging.
Your local Terrible Herbst.  It was clean and well maintained.  It had all that you would expect from a convienence store, it was convienent (hopefully I spelled convienent correctly, haha).
Bad coffee.  No excuse for breakfast place.  Weak and not hot.  Food was just okay and very pricey.
meh the raspberry lavender Popsicle was ok. The pecan one was good. Not the best on a cold night in Tempe.
I had trouble getting the I phone . Jack was so patient dealing with the corporate office, that all finally went well. \nI could have gotten the phone elsewhere, but I found this store's customer service is excellent.
Long wait. Burger was decent. Habit burger is better. Its fancy and unique though. Clean and the service was great. But FOOD FOOD FOOD is the main thing. and it is just, Decent..
Disappointed, was really craving a mexican burrito. I ordered a Pollo Asado burrito and what I got was still raw. The chicken was still pink in the middle! I really don't plan on returning ever.
This place was kind of cool when it opened, but the staff has changed almost completely. The food and service has gone down in quality. I don't know what happened, but I don't know if I'll be going back here.
WOW.... that is all I could say on my first bite..  over and over again.  Seriously, I did not expect the two to taste good together, let alone be mouthwatering.  I do not have a favorite yet, they just all taste great to me.
Don't bother with the JFK exhibit. It's overpriced and has very few items. This is a ripoff.
This is the best Hawaiian style restaurant I've eaten at outside of actual Hawaii. Everything we ordered was delicious: the miso cod, sushi, and sliders.
Friendly fast service.  Super fresh and juicy.  Our burgers were cooked to perfection medium rare and we ate every last morsel!  Yum!
Food might have been good, however they were out of rice, Guacamole, and oh ya, CARNE ASADA.
I don't even know how I stumbled upon this place, but I've been hooked ever since. Is run by what seems to be the cutest family. Surprisingly nice inside. Truly the best tortas in town (and I'm sure their other food is great too!).
I went here for a late-night slice a few months back.  The pizza wasn't anything special, but I was extremely revolted to see a live roach on my way out.  I will not return.
Eloff Perez is amazing!!! I was fortunate enough to buy a home and sell a home with him as well. He made everything so easy I often forgot I was dealing with the stressors of buying/selling a home. I recommend him to everyone I know. I have known him for a long time and his character is always solid.
WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE !!! I would rather eat at McDonald's then eat there again! I've been there twice and both times it was the worst ever !!!! Never going back! I'll take my money else where !!
Food was either bland or overpowered with salt. Get ready for microwaved dinner. \n\nMediocre service, food came late.
A classic. You can't go wrong with anything. It's just good, greasy food at its best!
By far the best BBQ I've had in Vegas.  All of their meats and sides are delicious.  The desserts are great as well.
pretty standard burger, a step above fast food, fries were a bit limp, onion rings nice and crispy, wish they had more interesting topping choices, owners were very nice.
Decent food at an affordable price. However the Asian hostess was outwardly rude to us for Easter brunch. She should not be in the food industry, or in any job that involves speaking to human beings. Other than than major setback, we had a good time.
I've died and gone to heaven. This is a great shop with an amazing selection of 50s furnishings and home decor. Pieces are in excellent condition and really well priced. Make sure to check out the complete pink kitchen they have in the corner...pulled out complete from a home remodel.
Eat lunch here today, ordered a beer any tacos, the tacos were good but the glass on my beer was broken and cut my lip, the waitress brought me a new glass and no discount on my bill... Thanks for the cut lip.
Nasty, nasty, nasty! We got delivery awhile back and not only did it take forever but the food was horrid. The enchilada sauce was super thin with NO flavor at all. Don't get me started on the beans with way too much salt and chunky pieces. Stay away- you have been warned!
Steak was not cooked properly. After the second attempt still wrong\n.. gave up.  \n\nGood sweet potato though!\n\nNot my most favorite place for steak.
Yama is delicious and fresh. A friend of mine is always ranting and raving about it so I thought I'd check it out. It was a bit pricey but worth it. The appetizer with tuna and avocado is great. My favorite sushi is the one with the filet on top. Yum!
Good place to stop when you're lost in the Palazzo. \n\n\"Really, where does the Venetian end and the Palazzo begin!?\"\n\n\"Let's have a glass of champagne and see if we can figure this out.\"
Very bad experience.....had a reservation for a specific table outside for a month, called twice to confirm as it was a special birthday event. When we, a party of six arrived, our table was taken. \nThe food was average at best.....very disappointed!
Get the salt-baked fried octopus! This the the best dish there.\n\nAvoid the short ribs in black pepper sauce; 'twas quite rubbery and bland.
The prime meats they have over here are amazing. Melts in your mouth! The two sauces that they serve for the meat are out of this world! If you order their combination specials. You good a lot of food for a good price.
Expensive, but always has the printer cartridges I need in stock, so really can't complain.
Best Asian grocery in Pittsburgh. Went shopping for ingredients for a Korean dish I was making and they had everything. Food is fresh also!
Beautiful new church with services every week incorporating the Greek language and traditional customs into experience. Large community center with raised stage, full kitchen facilities and ample parking available for rent. St Katherine's puts on a wonderful Greek festival every year with food, music, vendors, and dancers.
Great gym. VERY HONEST \nGreat teachers very friendly \nAnd great kids program \nLose weight get in shape and kick some butt
Amazing food! Really enjoyed the complexity of these dishes.  Very unique and the service was fantastic.  I'll definitely return here again!
A place for ultra-cool hipsters.. might as well sell PBR.\n\nSadly some people don't know what clothing should be bought or sold for, so this place seems like a great find. .
I'm a big fan of the sushi. The volcano roll is great if you like crunchy sushi. The hunters vile is delicious too. Fair prices. Average atmosphere. I'd recommend if you're looking for a comfortable place to enjoy good sushi.
This location sucks. They always close early and something is always \"wrong\" with the Carrot Machine. So over showing up there at 9:40 and them having everything shut down or not working.
I take it recipes for Robertos are not all consistent with each location.  I ordered the same as usual.  The Carne Asada Fries and the Carne Asada Burrito.  And it was just not like I had before.\n\nI have better luck with the location further down on Craig near Decatur.
good food. very slow service. there were only a handful of tables and they still managed to take their sweet time but when they were at our table they gave us good customer service.
Nice beds and pillows, otherwise it's a dump!  Ants in bathroom!
this was the worst experience I've ever had at a place that calls themselves a bar!! we went in and tried to to order shots and they told us shots or drinks not both . and the food we ordered tasted like salt and grease!!!
Touriest trap pure and simple. Nice staff, but always so over crowed hard to get service and look at guns. Better options in town. Try sportsmans or Bass Pro.
Very short and too expensive! Not worth the price of admission. The staff is very nice, and the layout and scenery is pretty cool.
Good sandwiches & good food overall if you're staying at the Luxor.    Nothing fancy, but a good deal if you get the free $35 voucher at checkin.
Food is good service polite but slow and sometimes forgetful. My family has dined here twice. Keep going back for food but don't go if you are in a hurry. I'd go back haven't had a bad meal yet. If the service picks up will rate as a 4 star
The best! Everyone was right about the customer service too! I ordered mochi and the guy at the counter was really helpful with educating me on the different products.
3.5 stars\n\nThe severs were kind of cranky and we were almost afraid to ask for anything. The sweet potato fries and wings were decent. The burgers were average and a little pricey for what they were (we had the El Caliente and the Caprese).
Great location, ok service when you sit outside, horrible food. Good for outside seating and beer...
I didn't like the beans, guacamole it's ok salsa no spicy,  the patron margarita ok they need to have mojitos, y chabelas or micheladas not my thing not for me
Rude waiters,  not welcoming.  Food is definitely not authentic.  Cook and staff are Chinese from China. How is that a Malaysian restaurant? ?? Smh. Tried to cheat us on a take out meal, not going to play that game.
Brandy is an awesome manager and super stylist and Cheryl rocks it too! Excellent customer service.
Food was absolutely amazing. Service was quick and server's we're very helpful and knowledgeable !! Will definitely go again!!!
All I can really say is this is my favorite coffee ever!
I went to go here yesterday, and they are gone. Closed/.\n\nI love this place. It is clean, the staff is friendly, the food is terrific.I think the breakfast spuds are the best. I will continue to eat here.
I have enjoyed coming to this store over the months. It is very convenient and close to where I live. The staff is friendly and professional.
The steaks are tender but they are so soaked in butter that I felt I was eating a movie popcorn bucket.   Thes service was great, but the food just average.
I love the eclectic atmosphere. ..I also love the assortment of desserts!! The lines are loooong but it moves pretty fast. My favorite sweet is the Salted Caramel Brownie. .soooooo yummy!!!!
this review is for their lunch. One of the best values hidden in old town Scottsdale. I had their sashimi plater. for $8 you got 9 pieces of fresh sashimi, rice and salad. I have also tried their kautsu lunch and that is a steal as well.
Great acrobatics, but weird story.  It is worth seeing once, not sure I would go back unless I score a locals deal.
Well I guess it serves me right getting a breakfast burrito from a \"Sandwich\" shop, but the flyers were all over my workplace but lesson learned...It never looks as good as the picture. Hit up The Burrito Company or Filaberto's for a good breakfast burrito.
Finally a decent sushi spot downtown with a good vibe! Typical hipsters on staff, but friendly enough! Had some really interesting rolls here.... one even had beef on top of it! Try to catch them during happy hour if you can, as 3 rolls and 2 drinks will set you back about 50 bones during non happy hour times!
Really enjoyed ayce sushi. Very friendly, generous with fish. We're picky and we'll be back soon!!
Love the drive up waitstaff on skates experience! They have happy hour specials with deals on drinks. I recommend the Cherry Limeade, so good, like a Shirley temple with a kick of lemonade added in.
It's dunkin donuts. Whats to say?  decent selection of food but why did they have to remove trans fats?  now the taste of everything has taken a dive to sucksville.  their chocolate now tastes like \"mocklate.\"
i don't typically write reviews on grocery stores, but i have to say, this is the nicest 99 ranch market i have ever stepped foot in. it is smaller than the 99 ranch markets in the bay area, but the organization, the cleanliness, and hard to find asian ingredients are all there.
Great shop to buy just about everything you could ever need for golf.  Our boys loved the indoor putting green.  If you can't find it here, it doesn't exist!!
I have dreams about the mozzarella on the Caprese style sandwich.  Seriously.  \nAnd the Soppressata is the PERFECT compliment...if you're coming as a twosome order both and share.  YUM.
Typically pretty good. Hit or miss sometimes.
Indoors the dining area has a chill cave feel, outside has a nice little stream. Local beer on tap, the food has a strong kick so order with caution.
After getting cuts from all the guys at V's I had a chance to try Marina. She is friendly and efficient and makes recommendations she thinks might look good on you. He consistent cuts keep me comming back.
We showed up at 8:56pm and they close at 9pm... They were very nice and still served us.  It was a great late night treat. The employees were really nice and did not make it a big deal when we ordered just before closing.  It's something I would recommend nothing to compare it too.  Really good healthy treat.
My significant other and I stopped by to get a few drinks before going to a movie at the studio movie grill. The service was excellent and the Panther shots were perfect. Not too strong or too weak on the alcohol. We plan on going back to try the food soon!
A walgreens by any other name would still be walgreens. peolple are nice and fun to mess with but then again I just like messing with people for fun. And they can handle a joke there!
Extra good food. Not excellent. 4 star,not 5 star. Lack of napkins,salt and pepper, catsup on each table leaves a lot be desired. A few dollars more expensive than similar places. Go for the roast beef, pizza,  chicken parmesan sandwich requires that you come with your hunger. You'll leave stuffed,
4/27/13 Worst Starwood hotel ever. \n\nWent to celebrate our anniversary and relax, but that's not what we got.  The hotel was loud and the staff we not very accommodating.  We will never return.
Always delicious and usually exceptional service! Love this location and the food! I will be a repeat customer for sure. The salads are always fresh and the food is so flavorful and amazing.
Pretty good sandwiches lines are long though!
Good BBQ.  Good Beans.  OK mac & cheese. Good sweet tea.\nSmall place but great for takeout.
I was not impressed with their Buffalo Burger at all.  The service at our table was so/so, however, at the bar, they were pretty efficient and friendly.  I may be back for drinks, but not for food.
Dingy atmosphere, lousy food, surly staff, poor service.....thoroughly unimpressed.
Pretty decent fudge. I had the chocolate peppermint one...it was good! but I think the fudge kitchen just up the road is far better!! sorry!
Great Service and convenient location
Terrible customer service.  They only care about making a buck. Did not address any of our issues.  Will not stay here again
Came here when it was fairly busy but the service was still fast and friendly. The price for all you can eat was standard. Their menu provided unique selections such as pork belly and shrimp heads in your miso soup. The super white tuna melts in your mouth.
As good as it gets.  Had my fair share of Gelato, including in Italy and this place is the best and the owners are awesome.
Very good choices and portions from the lunch menu. Would return for a quick lunch if I'm in the mood for Thai close by. I would search elsewhere for a favorite Thai place though.
Went here for the first time today. The staff is really friendly. Ice cream was good and the cookies were soft.
$21.00 for 3 shrimps and 2 scalops. Very disappointed in the serving size. See photos!
Typical Pei Wei. Kick ass food, hostess gives me a funny look when I order (in all fairness my order is quite odd), and a killer Coke machine. Keeps us coming back again and again.
i have now used Paradise Auto Detail 3 times and each time i am quite satisfied
They're Margaritas are weak and watered down . Queso dip tasted old. Not cutting it.
Every time I come here the pharmacy is packed and they only have one or two people working. Always have to wait 30 min or more to pick up a prescription.
At the shopping area with my family, great music, the decorations are great. Nice dinner at olives, just very disappointed with security letting 2 men half dress like Santa showing off???? Really? Is this appropriate specially with lots of families?? Come on security, don't let this happen in your property
Superb experience from beginning to end. The staff is extremely willing to cater to your every desire. I will definitely be returning each time I am in the area. Thank you to the entire staff that helped provide such an outstanding experience!! Highly recommended.
Gave this place a try due to other yelp reviews.  I was not dissappointed! What they lack in decor they make up on food.  For $24 my husband and I had chips and salsa, 2 big chimichangas, drinks, and I also had a marguerita.
The food is slightly better quality than most buffet's, but the service isn't great. It's also quite expensive. There is a large selection of food.
Michaels is one of my favorite stores for art and craft supplies. The layout is similar to other Michaels I've been to back in Northern California. Unfortunately, nothing really stood out with this Michaels. I just browsed through the rubber stamps and the scrapbook section. The Christmas clearance section was a bit small. I didn't buy anything.
I been coming to this place for awhile now and uncle tony was angry when I told him my zucchini ' s were burnt and then when my pizza comes out I come to find that he didn't feel the need to cook my mushrooms like he normally does.... definitely my last time here...
I know the owners of this establishment.  Well my parents do.  It's more like a fast food type of Korean place.  Nothing great to me.  However, it's not terrible enough where I would NEVER eat there again, but I'd just prefer better Korean places.
The pizza was overall ok.  The crust wasn't done enough and was extremely doughy!!  I enjoyed the flavor of the sauce but my daughter thought it had too much sauce on it.  They delivered very quickly (less than 30 minutes for a large pizza) and the price was very reasonable but I would not order from here again.
Really nice 5 mile hike that was easy on the knees.
Just had a drink, nothing special.  Great looking bar, and looks like it could be alot of fun.  Little Pricey (2 drinks, flavored vodka, $17) Will give them a shot again.
This restaurant was not a 4 by any means. I give it a 2. The salsa was nothing special. Our beers came out warm and one of the dishes was incorrect. After all this, they took $2 off instead of not charging for the beer and dish. The food was mediocre. I would not visit this place again.
For the money, this is one of the best values in Las Vegas buffet world.  Seven separate line counters, each themed with a different region's cuisine.  You get what you pay for though, and overall this buffet is heavy and might leave you feeling a bit ill.  We cleansed with salads that night.
Have been hitting the sushi Places a bit lately.. I have to say this place was pretty good and had a varied menu of stuff with some really good spicy options. It didnt blow me away but was above average for sure. I would recommend for a good
Just lost a regular customer raising the footling burrito to almost 8 bucks... Bummer
Very nice location and view with overpriced mediocre food!
My buddy and I go there almost every weekend. Although they don't have the best sushi in town, they are of pretty good value. Sometimes when we have a huge group, they stop serving us for a while. That's when we figured we've been there too many times.
It's kind of hidden in an office complex.  Had it for lunch.  Chicken Caesar Salad.  It was good.  Chicken was fresh and cooked to perfection.  Husband had the Italian Sandwich and liked it except that the pepperocini was sliced up and put into the sandwich.  He prefers it on the side.  I would eat here again.
Such a yummy spot to eat at. The service was great. Definitely will go back the next time i'm in Qu\u00e9bec.
I tried Smashburger for the first time today. I really wanted a turkey burger, but that isn't an option here. So, I decided to try the Avocado Ranch Black Bean Burger. I am totally satisfied. A nice size burger with plenty of avocado. It was delicious.
I left Urgent Care for CVS to get a prescription filled. I have a kidney stone so I needy prescription filled for a piano med and antibiotic. We waited 10 minutes while watching the pharmacist fill prescriptions and he totally ignored us standing there. \nPoor service from this CVS !
Waited over an hour for a pill consult, even though I had an appointment.  WTF is the point making appointments if I'm still gonna be there all day?!
I don't see what's so special about the place. The staff was okay, the drinks were okay, the atmosphere was okay. Totally and completely average. Didn't try the food. If I go back I will, but overall, it left me with a feeling of.... eeh.
Note: I have only ordered delivery, and that I've ordered online.\n\nThat said, the pizza we've gotten from here has been consistently fresh, hot, and tasty. I think there's only been one time that I was disappointed with the consistency of the dough, hence three stars instead of four.
The hotel was bad. I've stayed in cheaper hotels that offer better beds and toiletries.
I wanted to like this place, but they charged me $4 extra for a side of rice.  And this is not any kind of special rice - just the same kind they have at Roberto's for $1.
Great place to stop for some classic korean food. Try the gom tang or beef short ribs, I was not disappointed and you won't be either!
WOW is all I have to say. Great no not great Excellent food awesome customer service.  Have to say best food (Restraunt)I have had since I moved here 3 years ago. I highly recommend it to everyone.
Best fish and chips I've eaten. The service was spotty. The place is in a real need for a makeover.
Just visited here for the first time and the staff was so friendly! They even gave me extra punches on my card to help me get a free coffee next time since I'm a newbie. The cocomo is an awesome drink..great coffee and great people!
delicious breakfast as always... one of the best breakfast spots in green valley.  the wait on the weekends seems to be long sometimes but its worth it.
I always in the Kalbi Plate with Kim Chi. Chicken Katsu has too much breading on it. And I don't care for there style of bbq chicken grill chicken with bbq or teriyaki sauce put on it.
My first visit and was totally impressed. The soup and chicken sandwich were excellent. The dressing on sandwich was excellent\n\nWill go again next time I'm in Pittsburgh and will tell my Pittsburgh friends
FYI: nobody in bikinis here! False advertising!
Real bad experiance...feel like its a rip off. They're food is frozen.
They honestly all do a great job, ive been coming here two years since i moved from california and ive always loved my nails and pedicures, always leave happy! (: definitely recommend it!
Great service, amazing pizza and save room for the Chocolate Calzone! So happy to have great pizza in North Scottsdale! This former east cast gal has found her new Pizza Joint with a nice ambiance to boot. So glad this close to home spot re-opened with better pizza, better service and super happy hour!
I had the Breakfast Burrito for lunch and it was excellent. The service was friendly but not very responsive. Everyone in our group liked what they ordered.\n\nDespite the service I'd definitely go back and try some of the other menu items I was eyeing.
As far as a fast food burger goes, this is one of the best.  I live on the east coast so the first time I ate at In N Out I didn't know about the not so secret menu,  but thanks to Yelpers next time it was animal style !
Came here lunch today and the service and food was absolutly incredble. All the food was the perfect spice level for my friends and I. Garlic Naan was nice and soft. ill definantly be back.
Wonderful gyro! This is the first one i've had outside of Chicago and I absolutely adored it. The sauce is fabulous and I could actually taste the dill. It was just enough and I wasn't stuffed. I will be a repeat customer.
So terrible! My Caribbean passion was so watery, and flavorless! I'm pretty sure they forgot to put some ingredients in there, it just tastes terrible. I wish there was a zero star option.
In town for a week been here 3 times! Food is very addiction tasty!  I order combo fried rice, ragoon and curry noodles.  Place is a dump (carry out place),  location is hard to find around high traffic road.  but all I care about is the good tasting food.
It doesn't get any better than this. My heart overfloweth.
We bought a groupon here last week and used it that night.  The prices were great and the staff was super friendly.  The sushi was phenomenal!  We ordered the Pink Lady and I could have eaten 6 of them!
Great food and good pricing. The sushi is great and I've never gotten fishy or old sushi here! Great for kids, just wish they had the children's chopsticks available. Good atmosphere and outside dining with lake view available.
Great happy hour specials on sushi!  I love it that they have reverse happy hour every day of the week as well.  Their sushi is awesome too.  Great place to go after a movie.
Adobe carpet cleaning came to my home yesterday to clean my carpets and all I can say is WOW. They did an amazing job at a great price. My carpets were really dirty and now they look amazing. \n\nI would recommend them to anyone who needs their carpets cleaned
I anxiously await the pumpkin bars that they make in the fall. They are too good. Also try raspberry and lemon bars. Yum! Good bread, too. Natural ingredients are a huge plus.
Food was amazing, Staff was polite and calm unlike some sushi joints where the waitress is running around like a chicken with its head cut off. that just helps no-one. \nfood was fresh and the place was small but its perfect for a dinner for two. would not recommend for large parties.
Newer, cleaner Taco Bell than most.  Decent parking too, and not exactly a lot of riff-raff customers like many Taco Bells.  Easy to see on the south/west side of the road.
Always a great stop for lunch and or dinner, eat here at least 3 times a week. Excellent food and great service.
Parking sucks.. Valet full, self parking full. Staff told us to be patient when driving around full self parking area waiting for someone to leave
Efficient Hertz.  I came to Phoenix on an evening flight and everything was taken care of - no craziness and extremely efficient.  Friendly service when I left so all was well. 3 Stars.
Food is always good.  Service is really slow, but I still like them.  You generally need to clean your own table.  The place is always busy.
One of the cleanest day pool parties, ever! Love the staff and our VIP host JC was \"da bomb\"!! Thanks to the great bartenders and amazing music and video dj's....Always coming back!!
The EMS has good stuff sometimes. Not that anyone on here knows what that means, but hey...
Good food. Portions a bit small. But for an upscale restaurant , it is good. Lots of excellent touches. Service outstanding.
I had the best machiatto I've ever had here, but it was very expensive. The decor is very nice and comortable, but as previously mentioned, it is quite expensive.
$13.83 for a Tosted mac & cheese No meat.... but they charge like if it had shrimp!   I won't order this again. .. over priced, small portion,  and it's not even the best I ever had.
Great place to study and the staff are great.
Not only does this place have amazing food,  but the atmosphere and staff make it one of my favorite restaurants. Always a fun time with great food and not too expensive for what you get.
this place is hidden in a strip mall where sonics on van buren and 99th ave. right across of a school. awesome mexican food. their menudo is awesome. coming from a person who is very picky with good mexican food! try them out forreal!!
Ordered a taco and 2 tamales. The carne asada was slimey and the tamales were small. Won't eat here again.
Sushi...Mmmmm and ALL YOU CAN EAT!!\n\nIf you love sushi...you have to go to Makino's!!!!!!
The grand cafe has been a hit and miss type place for me at the sunset station.I did not want to try it here but the buffet had a long line. Eggs Benedict was great! The poached eggs where really not that poached but It was good.
GREAT pizza place!  The thin crust pizza is AMAZING!  I ordered take out for the first time and everything was absolutely perfect.  The dining room seemed to be fairly busy, but that is to be expected for a Saturday night.
There is no better meal within 10 miles.
do not go here, tou will be ripped off on drinks, the game is they will say, you did not give me 20.00, and short change you, they wait until you have a few drinks, and then start short changing you, the bartenter is a skink!!!
Been here twice now only at lunch time. Love the open windows and decor. Food was great, had the chicken salad sandwich with caesar salad. Would definitely recommend this place.
Oh how sad!  My husband has been talking and talking and talking about coming back for their falafels when we go back to Scottsdale for Spring Training in March.  Now I have to tell him the bed news...*tear.
Wonderful staff--very patient and helpful even though I called with a very last minute request. I definitely recommend them if you live in the Charlotte area!
L'endroit est peu intime et bruyant, mais la soupe est excellente.
Everytime I am sick I go get the chicken soup. Amazing and always makes me feel better. OK customer service but amazing food.
My burger was good.  However, it cost almost $10 for a burger and soda with no sides.  This is a fast food, order at a counter kind of restaurant.  For a little bit more I could go to a sit down restaurant and not only have a waitress serve me, but also get some fries to go with that.
Clean.  People coughing all over the place.  Slow service with Shrek playing over and over again (even with no kids in the lobby.)  Bring a book and prepare to wait.
The owner is nice.
Nice selection of Belgian drafts and bottles, as well as a few other styles of beer and wine. Food is great, love the french onion soup. The baked Brie appetizer is delicious & I've had a few of their sandwiches and not been disappointed.
I wanted to love this place, I really did. \nBest thing I had was the cherry coke \nHot dog meat was forgettable, chili was blamd, buns dry.\nGood quality cheese thou.\nCool staff, clean place.
Mediocre $16 cocktails, I guess you could drink here if you have to
Watch them at the drive-thru window!\n\nI paid for an iced latte and just happened to be watching as they poured regular coffee out of a carafe and dumped some milk in it. They finally made a new one after much drama. I wonder how often this occurs and I just happen to notice.
Got the O'ahu plates, the chicken and teriyaki sauce were excellent. However, my only complaint is a very limited menu. You may want to consider adding a few more choices, maybe appetizers like pitstickers. Also maybe some mac salad with the combo plates.
Wonderful place to stay --staff was friendly and helpful, food good, loved the decor. Our room was cozy and quiet with free Internet, newspaper and coffee. Bathroom was lovely and large. Had huge windows w with great view of Vegas. Seemed like a real  boutique hotel
Excellent customer service, attentive but not intrusive.  The food was very good and great portion size.  Definitely better than a buffet : )!
Terrible service. Called after I purchased an item for service and they brushed me off.\n\nLast time I will be coming here and will tell everyone to stay away.
Great customer service, everyone who works there is super nice and accommodating.  They have a salon in the back and the stylist is a really sweet lady!
Is it possible to give \"zero\" stars?\n\nI've been in there twice and the employees were rude, both times.  I'm not the \"Scottsdale Elite\", but seriously... I'm a paying customer too.  The little boy who said he was the manager was rude too.
We checked this place out a few weeks ago after hearing all the hype and thought it was just fair.  We got a few different tacos and the nachos that were good, but nothing special.  I would pass on this place for other Mexican joints in the area.  It was also super loud with the band and really interrupted our dinner.
Called to make a rezo for Mother's Day said not needed I showed up and said we only taking rezos tried to talk to the owner at the stand got the the brush off
These guys are the absolute rudest company I have ever seen.  Left me and my kids stranded and then proceeded to mock and make fun of the situation we were in.  Worst customer service.  DON'T EVER USE THIS COMPANY!
We ordered Wonton Egg Noodle Soup and Yang Chow Fried Rice. It was not very flavorful yet I appreciate the fact that it is not MSG packed unlike similar restaurants. It tasted cleaner than others. The place was clean and pleasant. Great service and friendly staff. I'd like to come back, they have an interesting menu.
This place was strange, a Chinese/Asian restaurant with no \nAsian staff with surfer theme decorations?  The food was just ok at best.  There was an open mic in the next room but nobody was laughing.
Make sure you eat a meal before you go. Sushi was excellent. We got the $95 per person chefs choice. We received 7 courses of one piece of food each. Everyone left hungry even after we complained to the waitress about the lack of food.
Good stuff! If you care about the quality of your coffee, this is the place to be.\n\nedit: I've gone here a few more times and have greatly enjoyed the secret menu items that outshine the frozen hot chocolate-- its subtle variations: Nutella and Milky Way.
love staying here. very clean and very comfortable. just a thing to remember when coming here. no smoking allowed and there are no tables or slots for gambling.
Although the salespeople aren't the most knowledgeable, Best Buy has great deals and I love their rewards program.
This Irish bar is pretty typical for a casino.  I.E. there isn't much Irish to it.  But it does have a decent selection of beers.  Sometimes they bring in very weird bands or groups to play music.  I would say it would be worth stopping by and grabbing a beer.  Plus you can keep the glass.
We used to frequent the restaurant. Recently, the food quality and flavors changed. Not sure if there is a new cook, management or something else. So sad about that!! Used to be such a great place to get delicious take out or dine in Chinese food.
AWESOME!!!!! I got the Wilcox Avenue and a waffle....the customer service was top notch, I actually made a mistake and ordered a dish that didn't come with a waffle, and was given the waffle for free....(can't beat free)
If you like pubic hair in your Sauce go ahead And eat here. All these reviews are not accurate these tacos are not the best. The place looked really dirty and the cashier lady was rude when helping costumers! BAD SERVICE. If I could give 0 stars I would
Been here twice now.  This past Saturday night, we had just come from Tao so it was definitely better.  They played hip hop and R&B downstairs and house upstairs.  The view was beautiful.
Used to love this place. Over the  years it has declined. Ordered the sea bass  not sure if it was real sea bass and the side was awful, buried in butter.  Too expensive for what you get. . Always have good service though.   Management need to take a gander at the reviews and do something
Great fried pickles. Burgers galore. Went twice in one weekend.
Go with the Sicilian Pan.  We've been eating here for years and it never disappoints.  Be ready to wait 30 to 40 minutes for a pizza, but it's worth it.  Beer prices are not bad and service was great.
This is a good breakfast spot to bring out-of-town visitors to. Families as well as couples will enjoy it.  Ask to sit upstairs, it's a nice view.  Coffee is great and so are their hash browns...so good!
Best coffee and soda drinks section that I have ever encountered in a service station. As for the gas, it is a very wide pump area.
I really like Genghis Grill, but this location tried to cram about 20 tables too many into its small space. Kind of claustrophobic, so I recommend sitting at the tables in the bar area. If the food is bad, it's kind of your own fault since you chose what went in it! :)
Meh, it is fine - the food is inexpensive and quick. I'd go there again, but am not too terribly impressed with either the food or the service.
Good selection and helpful staff
Great sandwiches, camembert yum!
This staff was friendly and very helpful. It wasn't the cleanest place ever, but it wasn't absolutely terrible either. Everyrhing went smoothly for me.
We used to go to this Denny's and then the service was so bad we stopped.  Had breakfast today and the new management has whipped this restaurant into shape.  The service is great thank you.
This joint is a hood classic !!...reminiscent of the old original S&S on pecos & lv blvd ,  best fingers & wings in town...#checkmate
Great service, great spices, great destination away from the mainstream Fremont tourism, just a short walk across the street.
Was excited to try this place for awhile out but was thoroughly disappointed, I think it all stemmed from the hair baked into my pupusa and our water that tasted faintly like horchata. Or maybe it was the waitresses hand in our salsa.  I have had good pupusas and these were pretty bad.
Slow service, weak margaritas and stale chips. Not coming back.
Mediocre service was the best part of eating at this sports themed retread. The only reason to come here is if every other restaurant in the area is closed.
Great value. You can't beat 5 session of yoga for $35 anywhere. The new location for the yoga is gorgeous inside and out. There is ample parking and everyone who works there is kind. It is not pretentious at all.  I do wish they offered more classes, with a variety of times and styles.
Disappointed with the fact that I made sure I was here on Friday at 2:00 only to find the store closed. Even went to lunch and cane back at 2:45 still closed.
This time around charbroiled chicken was a bit stale...
We went to Fridays on Friday.  Yea!!! We frequent this restaurant but tonight they were not on point. The waitress was messing up big time. The only good thing was the wait time on this go round. We were in quickly!!
Gandhi is awesome. Please don't take my word for it, go try their fish tikka and fish pakora and I bet you you'll fall in love with it. This comes from a foodie who loves authentic fish!
Excellent food and service.  The drinks are a ripoff.  Do cocktails elsewhere!!
Great slices and subs. Fun little italian market. Pretty random to find good Italian spot in the summerlin suburbs of Vegas. I would stop by for a slice next time I'm in the area.
Not as pricey as you would think. I got my wife a Tiffanys Key made of silver for just over $200 The nice part about it is we walked in dressed like we could not afford to shop in a place like this.... I just got off of work but we was treated with respect and the staff was great
Wow this is a really nice place. I've never visited this cinema before, but I was surprised. The restrooms are clean and modern, the theatre is a great size and they have a great selection at the snack bar. I will go back to this theatre for sure.
There's always a wait on weekends but you expect that at such a simple but great place. The bruschetta boards are amazing!!!! Salads are also really good.
Good for delivery and take out. I had a large pepperoni pizza with garlic herb crust. It tasted like pizza on garlic bread :)) It was very tasty.
This place is awesome. Stopped in for a quick bite to eat before hitting the strip. It's reasonably priced and has a cool ambiance. You can sit inside or outside. You will need to drive or can it from the strip. The food was tender and well seasoned. The portion sizes are large as well. Service is great.
Good Hotsub and really fun soda machine.
Took my watch in to fix and they did a great job it really is fast . Very satisfied with the work done  . The guy that helped me was very helpful i think is name was nadder thank u  so much . I will be coming back for sure !
Nothing special. \n\nThe food, what little they give you, was decent. The chicken was very flavorful, the vegetables were ok.  Not worth what they charge for it.\n\nThe small portions, coupled with the  neo-country sound track make this a one time stop for me.
This place has a great atmosphere and has great rum drinks.  Our group got flavored hookahs to smoke which were really relaxing.  When I go back to Vegas, I'll be sure to stop here again!
Lots of overpriced open boxed items. some will like it, but I wasn't a fan. Why in the heck would you buy anything electronic from this place with no warranty is beyond me.
We happened to stumble upon this little gem during restaurant week and still can't stop talking about it! The entire meal was an adventure of flavors in just the right portions to leave us satisfied, but not overly stuffed. Very lively atmosphere with a wait staff that's quick and efficient!
great food and Yoyo gives the best service!
Parking is tough, the food selection is great, and if you call ahead they will set aside awesome moving boxes for you.
I'm undecided-\nSome people live in this bar.\nGet drunk and then leave.\n\n\n(b)
I really like chipotle.  They are far superior to moes and qdoba.  I highly recommend a burrito with rice, black beans, fajita mix, pico, hot sauce, sour cream and cheese. Always fast and hot food
Probably the best gyro sandwich I've ever had hands down.  Their menu is extensive, but not overly so.  The meat almost has a bbq'd flavor to it, but still keeps its traditional roots.  I have no need to eat at any other gyro place locally!
This place is seriously just amazing. \n\nI was invited by a promoter on the strip. Typical Vegas. But, my girlfriends and I decided to check it out, with no expectations at all. Wow... Were we blown away. This place is insane! So much fun! We'll be back!
I stayed in the 3rd floor Room 343 and the carpet was dirty. It needs to be replaced. I don't see any security patrolling the rooms? However the housekeeper was friendly and sweet! I regret booking the room there. Next time, I will pay more and stay at Treasure Island.
Great location, friendly staff.
Typical diner, very packed, friendly people, great environment and the food was average not much else to say....
Awesome bar! Great drinks! I like the sazerac! Delicious tartare! Love this place!
Very loud, overpriced mediocre food, poor ventilation and not a place for kids. Surrounded by hung over college kids dropping F bombs every 9 words.  Including the girls. Disappointing.
They are closing in December 2014. I can't believe it! The helpful advice, the nice people, the rose experts...all will be lost.
Great music, cheap drinks and a no frills attitude.
It's Taco Bell. You know exactly what you are going to get...sick later.
omment: \nThe counter staff was excellent. I don't remember much about the rental - it's been over two months - but I do remember them being friendly and the SUV being very clean.
We just missed the crowd here, so when we arrived it was dead. The bar is small, the dancer was fun and the girls working the bar were nice. Good spot for a quick drink.
2nd visit.   It is okay.  Got a burnt waygu beef Burger... They tried cover it up with loads of sauce which made the soggy.  Service is average, I went on weekday evening time so there was no line.  I wouldn't go again anytime soon.
Guardian is the alarm company I have at my new home. Justin Kissel from Guardian was very helpful with the process and educated my wife and I on what we should have in our home. \n\nWe sleep better at night now that Guardian is looking out for us. Thanks guys!
I've eaten here numerous times.  It's a favorite of our children.  The wait staff is a bit iffy sometimes, but the food has always been consistent.  They have the cutest gift shop and their prices are great!
Went today for just a cake mix. I hate walmart as much as the next guy but crap their prices at smith are HIGH! Will definitely not be back!
Good service, great beer selection, bland food
The staff at Veinity are friendly and accommodating. The doctor took his time to explain the proceedure, and the results I can expect and I am confident that I have researched the right doctor to do the proceedure. I will follow up with a review after the proceedure.
I ordered the Italian Club and it was decent, but underwhelming. The bread was dense and tasty, but it wasn't the largest hoagie I've had. Should have gone with the full size bec the half was not enough.
Service has really declined since Boyd took over this restaurant. All new ppl who are lazy and don't seem to know what each other is doing. Service soooo slow. The new employees SCREAM union mentality. \n\n\n\nFood still good but has declined as well.
Had an awesome stay! Great staff and nice place. A little dated but still great! Stayed at other places before and was always worried about security of my vehicle or on the premises. Not here
Corey most certainly went the extra mile to make a sale for us on this house. He worked open houses, cooperated with other realtors, kept things moving and advised us with the offers that came in. He gets an A+ from us and we would most certainly employ him again.\nRichard and Nancy DeBusman
WOW! Ordered a Veggie Bean Tofu Wrap this evening. I found a dead COCKROACH in the wrap! Luckily I was looking at the wrap between bites and didn't eat the roach. The restaurant offered to replace it but would you eat one after that?
this is a great location in Tempe away from Mill street, has a large selection of beers on tap and bottled, and the menu  has something for everyone, the bar splits in two one is for live music and they regularly have live bans playing and the other side has a poll table and has all the beers on tap.
Ok food. Overpriced for what you get in my opinion.
Awesome yogurt and great customer service with views of the Fountain to top it off. We will be back soon for sure.
This service is great! I don't trust anyone with my son but I felt comfortable using this company. Olivia was our nanny for the evening and I think she did a fantastic job and was very attentive. Sarah, the owner is one of the nicest people out there :)
Love this place!!! Whole staff is super sweet! Great place to watch a game or even get some work done while eating some amazing food. Good job with the location right by my house  I'll always be a regular here
I like the food but they have the music so loud it's uncomfortable.  I don't eat here often because of the music.
Mega hipster environment with really good food and decent drinks.  It's not the Vegas you'd expect, and it's a refreshing change from the nonsense of the strip.  I'd go back, the decor is amazingly ridiculous!
The pizza here is really good & the pastas too! The service was outstanding!!! So much so that we let the manager know!!! The deco. Is really nice & perfect place to celebrate a special occasion friends or to check before hitting the clubs!!
My puppy was bloated and I brought him here to see what was wrong with him. They ran some tests and never called me back with the results. The bloating went down the next day but I feel like if I am paying over $100 for tests the least you can do is call me back with the results.
Greg has a beard and no people skills
I will try anything else but the taro smoothie next time. I frequent crown bakery and they have large taro smoothies for a little over $2, this place charges a regular size at a little over $3 O_o The place smells great too, I want to give this place another try. But 3 stars for now.
Their shrimp tacos and fish tacos are pretty weak, but their beef tacos and their pork tacos are pretty good.
Cute place, high priced cup cakes for the size. Nice that it's gluten free but I spent $30 and really can't say any thing I bought was memorable
Really good
I've been looking for a dentist that I can trust. So hard to find one. Luckily I think I found this dentist McAdams. He and his workers seem caring and honest. I hope that they stay this way and NOT try to deep clean my pocket like others!
Friendly staff, clean bathroom, ATM worked, cheap drinks in comparison to other places in the area.  I'll be back often...
Great explanations. Impressive exhibition. Absolutely worth your time if you're in Vegas.
2 stars because making crafts there is fun and unique , but planning a party? Forget it's more of an inconvenience most especially when you are going to spend $50/person. Blah! Save your money you would get better service at your local chuck e cheese.
Their Boba is the best I have yet to find near me in 85027! They are a bit out of the way still but worth the drive when I make it there. Taro boba the best....and they even have the authentic melted-on plastic lids for their cute lil cartoon encrested cups!
Had our credit card swiped twice for one bill on one visit and then it happened again a few months later...definitely not going back here.
As I was approaching the drive thru lane one of the jimmy johns delivery drivers decides to almost ram my vehicle because he was such in a hurry to not care to look behind as he pulls out if his parking spot. Too bad they also got my order wrong. Last time I go to this jimmy johns.
Though a little more expensive than most Chinese buffets, this place is worth it.  The service is always great, and the selection and quality of food is amazing.  They have traditional Chinese dishes and some tamer fare as well.  Great selection of sushi too.
Noodle stir fry - Chinese style :(\n\nNoodle soup - Chinese style :(\n\nAnd, I can make it better without even trying..\n\nEel roll..  So/so, nothing special
These guys are honest and very reliable. You won't find a better shop in Phoenix. And by the way Kenny rocks. He only fixes what's broken. Highly recommended
Amazing, fantastic cheese fantasy. I would go back to Madison just for this place.
The food is overpriced and not worth it and it's not a gaming bar. Can't usually find an open chair because non-gamers take them to watch tv, and there's no promotion for slot play. Seems like they could care less about your business.
Un resto toujours rempli \u00e0 craquer. On comprend pourquoi. Autant les brunchs que les soupers valent la peine. Le menu change souvent et on en retrouve pour tous les go\u00fbts
Had a family style meal and everything was delicious.  Rigatoni in a cream sauce with chicken was outstanding, as was the pound cake dessert.  Appetizer stuffed mushrooms were also really good.\n\nOn the pricey side, but nice for a special occasion.
Food was amazing the lettuce wedges were to die for
Delicious food, efficient staff, reasonably priced, cool ambiance, awesome experience. Great for casual lunches or dinner dates. 10/10 would try again.
Don't do it unless you like that I wish I hadn't feeling. Checked out because it was on DD&D's - will not go back. Over cooked over sugared food service Chinese , disgusting gloppy beans, facility itself is filthy.
I love this Home Depot. As a supervisor here transferring in from another store all the associates are friendly and very welcoming.  This team is great. I'm glad to be part of the team... As for any of you shoppers.. Please feel free to seek me out here if you need any assistance!!!
I don't like the new menu as much as the old one.  But for what it is, it is good.  The portions are kind of small.  The margaritas are great!
Good food, service , in a cozy atmosphere.
Moon didn't really do much for me, it really could have been any club in any city.  The floor lights up, which is different, but other than that it was fairly generic.  The only reason I could see coming back would if I was at Playboy Club and wanted to dance for some reason.  Otherwise I would spend my time down there.
My nail technician took such a huge chunk of skin off my toe when she was cutting my cuticle it still throbs!  And that was 2 months ago. Do not go here this place is bad!
OMG! I. Forgot to mention their French fries! I think they are double fried or something because it was a pile of salty extra crispy goodness.
Though I never had the chance to visit the original, the new o'sheas offers a very appealing evening out. The service staff is completely interested in making the experience fun for the patrons. Beer pong and table games with live bands to boot. This place is a winner with me.
The lobster mac and cheese was terrible. I also tried the lobster ice cream which was another terrible idea. Won't come back for anything else. Located inside the Planet Hollywood.
Under new management. Food is slightly oily now - not quite the same as it was before.
first time i take my stuff there they lost a very expensive pair of pants ... enough said really!
Probably the WORST chai I've ever had in my life.  It was so watered down, it was despicable.  I only gave it two stars because the toffee s'mores brownie I had was pretty decent.  No air conditioning.  The day I went was like 90 degrees so um yeah.  Pretty nasty.
Brunch drinks and ambiance (Vinyl Station) were fabulous! Food was ok. They definitely do not know how to make fried chicken. They need to visit Willie Mayes in NOLA or The Tuck Shop locally to understand fried chicken needs to have actual flavor.
Probably some of the better bar food in this complex. The only real downside is how loud this place is and how bad the seating is. You will get bumped into while you're eating almost every time
Heading to Sam Boyd stadium in need of some food. Read the reviews for this taco place and we were all so glad we are here. The food was yum! Nice clean, quick Mexican food.
The best crab sandwhich I have ever had. I love their bbq salad. Its so refreshing and delicious.  This place is so good that even their takeout is worth it. I took 1/2 the sandwhich to go and it was just as good an hour later . I would recommend this place to anyone
OK place to go.  Good range of music.  Nice outdoor area where you can still feel the AC.  Prices really suck.
A bit pricey but tasty.  I don't eat red meat but have ordered the chicken burger and/or veggie burger which have both been fine.  The sweet potato fries were my favorite of the meal.  Think there are better options.
So, BEST pulled pork hoagie that I've had so far! I keep coming back for it and find myself craving it often! Their spicy BBQ sauce is the best BBQ sauce I've ever had! Can't get enough! Oh and free ice cream?! YUM!
Yes, I bribe my students with pizza parties. It effectively motivates them to work hard. This pizza is cheap and the students always gobble it up. I personally don't eat it, but I'm a pizza snob. Thanks for making a cheap pizza that kids love!
yeah it finally closed.\n\nnnnnnext! \n\nso far no occupiers as of JULY 2014\n\nOctober 2014 --- It's now SAKURA (?) Buffet with a different layout.\nReview coming soon!
Service takes forever. It is a pricy place just for boba.
not very big serving, but the vegs were crisp n fresh, chicken tasted good\n\nsemi slow service line, just dragged \n\nIm glad they were there though cause I needed a proper meal and not filler crap.
Very good tamales. Very large, beautifully appointed building. That said, you will get better atmosphere, service, and, not surprisingly, better tamales in the parking lot of el Super.
Sooooo slow. Super dated, food was OK, thought this would be a holy grail Hooters to visit. Now I relaize there is a reason its at the end of the strip and not in the middle.
Best Burger in town hands down. Can never get enough of this place. I take everyone who comes in from out of town. Go hungry and get some of the apps as well.
Great food , cheap , and funny as shit stickers all over the place. What's more to love?
I am writing this for my wife Melissa. She has nothing but praise for Dr Glick and his staff. My wife has spent thousands of dollars over the years keeping her teeth perfect. When he provided a repair he is everything about the patient.
I love this place, Rick the new owner is very accomodating.  My friend from England always has to visit samosa when she is here, her fav dish is chicken korma, mine is veggie kofta with mahkni sauce.  \n\nThey have great lunch specials too!
Love the bigs decor on the wall. Good hamburgers.\nFries are great!
Cute old fashioned ice cream parlor. seemed to have a lot of regulars. we were just there to get a banana split which was very good\n\nenjoyed the family circus cartoons
It's a diner and beyond the aesthetic of the place, which is cool, the food is exactly what you expect it to be. Also you may want to share your plate, everything comes in HUGE portions.
MY PLACE!!!!  Its A candy Store for the Chef!!!     WE carry every single thing a Restaurant needs!!!!
Don't let the outside scare you, Woodlands is really a great restaurant. Clean and has very tasty authentic food at reasonable prices. Their dosas are amazing! They usually have a $9 buffet on the weekends as well.
They have a confortable environment,  fresh deli meats, fresh stakes, yummy fresh bread and more. This place even have Guaran\u00e1! They speak perfect Spanish and good English too!!!!!! I'm so exited with my Beef a Milanese, good place for lunch!!!
The hot dogs are ok.  Service is terrible.  The cashier got upset because my wife asked for mayonnaise and was rude to her when she asked questions.  Honestly the hotdogs at Costco are better and you don't get attitude.
Closed on a Sunday because it's \"Memorial Day weekend\".  This is why local businesses fail. Sheer laziness.  Thankfully mcdonalds knows their butts from a hole in the ground are open.
Sorry Amy P. this place is bum city. It used to be a family favorite. Now, the lines are forever, food portions are lacking and coffee refills are denied. Won't waste my time again.
Very nice ladies, I came in at 7 and they helped me anyway. I'm coming back for the happy hour :)
It's a bit overrated, although it's kinda cool to see the various M&M products. The candy there is ridiculously overpriced, but you can get the rare colored M&M's though, if that's your thinkg.
The food was ok. But definitely not good enough to make up for horrible service.
The food is hot, very hot.  The wait is long.
I'm a fan of Cheesecake Factory but I don't think this place is that good... If you are a fan of Cheesecake Factory, go there instead.
Wonderful market, full of ways to spend your entire paycheck.  Friendly vendors, wholesome foods, and lots of options for snacks and/or lunch.  We visit Montreal every summer, and March\u00e9 Jean-Talon is always on our list of things to do when we're here.
My favorite breakfast hangout spot in Ahwatukee. The owners are great and make me feel at home. It's full of regulars who are always welcoming. Ask for the strongest coffee and they'll get ya going!\nI always make my own crepe.  Changing it up constantly,  never disappointing.
Great food and service.  Rolled New York and the chicken wings were great. Bacon wrapped prawns were good but prefer it without the bacon. Fettuccine Alfredo was very good too. Definitely recommend and will like to return next time I'm in Vegas. Just a bit of drive outside of the strip.
Wholeheartedly agree about the extremely poor service at this location.  I've actually been recommending that people go just to see how comically bad it really is.
Not coming here again.... here's why: 1) hour and a half wait for pizza that tastes like Sbarro. 2) Grotesquely overpriced 3)  Stray cats roaming around everywhere outside the restaurant.   Gross.
What delicious pizza! I would give it 5 stars but my waitress was pretty horrifying. Have had good experiences for the most part except once when I got awful customer service which is huge to me. However, no complaints about the food. Delicious pizza and the dessert is incredible and low priced. Definitely one of my favorite spots.
Very typical mexican food. nothing special.
There is no place I will go by choice other than this location. They are so friendly and nice.  Such a great company and awesome employees.
I used to have my car washed often there.  The owner treats employees terrible.  I have never seen employees devalued like this before, so I will no longer go to this car wash. If there was negative stars that is what I would have been my choice.
This place is not good. Sorry to say but the food is sub par. We came because someone gave my wife a gift card. It was too expensive for the type of dishes it serves. If you like sandwiches and salads go to Wildflower
\"I consider myself a connoisseur of Hawaiian plate lunch. Regularly eat at Diamond Head Grill, Ted's Bakery and Rainbow drive in. Island Flavors is the real deal. In fact just as good if not better than my favorites in Oahu. I was thoroughly surprised today.\"
I am writing this review specifically because my therapist Kara was so awesome.  I've had a lot of massage and this was one of the best ever.   I tried this place from their Groupon.  The receptionist was pretty \"meh\" but the massage was great.
Excellent food and drinks and very attentive wait staff.  Well worth the money at the excellent Bellagio hotel.
Got a gyro here. I was dissapointed. small portions of meat, and a few pieces of lettuce and tomato, and WAYYYY too much sauce....It was pretty much pita and tsziki half the time..I had high hopes for this place. :(
Waited 20 mins for 4 tacos and a burrito. Only 2 other people in the whole place. Taste was OK. Will never go back.
A little tucked away in a business area but a great place for dinner and drinks both indoor and outside.
A FUN dining experience!  And wonderful bakery items.  I don't like trying to listen for my name to be called because it's hard to hear.  But I think it's great how people literally make themselves at home, bringing board games to the table while they wait, etc.
Pricey, but that is what you get for good food at a classy establishment. Good for happy hour specials.
That place it's bad and overpriced \nDon't waste you money and time!
Had a chance to check it out ..was very busy inside and there was a wait., but the food was good even with a limited menu. Id go again if im close by
Small and over cooked.  Not worth the money or the experience.
The ahi tuna tacos that everyone talks about. ..they are completely raw and cold.  I wish they had a seared option. However,  I was thrilled with the veggie enchiladas.  Vivian,  our fantastic bartender,  allowed me to get them 2 ways!
True rest bring innovation and natural healing to the desert. I am blessed to have been recommended by a friend to see them. I do really enjoy it.
Loved this place. The duck tacos were fantastic. Also I would highly recommend the messy sundae.
This place is very hit and miss to me come on it's McDonald's not a five-star restaurant I  understand but classic whoever's working determines on quality of food or them to get your order correct
Great dumplings and noodles and friendly staff.\nLast time we were there we had red bean paste and egg custard dumplings, both delicious.\n\nIt's difficult to find good Chinese food in Madison, so I am happy I found this place!
Great place! I just discovered this beautiful cafe this morning. I had a very delicious latte and their deserts looked yummy! It's a nice place for hanging out with your friends or having a business meeting. Very good service and ambience.
This place has meals that allow you to make the healthy or 'happy' choice. Both healthy and happy are amazingly delicious.
Severely over priced for what you get. $4.20 for a PBJ sandwich? Really? Never coming again.
I dine here maybe every three months. The place is lovely. I've never had bad service and my family likes it. I like the large variety, but the food is just not that great. I love the Seared Ahi Tuna Salad, but everything else is just o.k. Probably most important: it's affordable.
I go to Starbucks every day and this is the worst I've I have ever been to. Slammed and employees are rushed and rude. Did not feel the welcoming Starbucks experience at all. A shame.
The red brat + waffle fries is the way to go! Definitely a great setting to watch a UW game and also a great place to dance when out on the weekends!
U must try here  so  assume  interior is good  food good i think this place is best teppan restaurant in  vegas  i tried sushi  it was  so  delicious and  pretty
Ok place, atmosphere is nice, couches are 70's basment...ok shisha
AZ restaurant week!  Hurray!  Had the $30 3 course meal and it was excellent.  I loved the selections - especially the Kale salad.  good times for all.
Best prices in town and Denny, the owner...I think, is very knowledgeable on what you need to maximize your workout. I will never go to another store for my supplement needs. It isn't fancy but it DEFINITELY gets the job done.
My new favorite place!
I feel sorry for Nevada Landing. It is slowly withering away. It used to be a fun little stop to stretch ones legs or get a bite to eat before Vegas. Now it looks like it is dying.I hope someone does something to save this little gem.
Don't come here for Pho! It's not authentic and it's Chinese style trust me!!! But they do have good crispy fried chicken. This place is not a good authentic Vietnamese restaurant but it's an authentic Chinese restaurant. Try phu Thanh instead in mesa!! If u want good Vietnamese food
Good food, good service. reasonable value for the dollar. My Wife and I split a sushi combo. Two chef's rolls, two hand rolls, and two pc sushi. All were tasty, included generous salad, and house (miso like?) soup.
The rooms are beautiful!  There is a walk down separate seating area with a comfortable coach and desk area.  The bathrooms are big and lovely.  I hope to stay here again soon.
Going in to look for a Starbuck's plastic cups.  Didn't find the one we are looking for...  The staff was not so friendly.
Overall, the light rail is a decent way to travel through Phoenix. It tends to get crowded throughout the day.
When they won't even seat you at the counter when you are a single \"without asking everyone in line\", they can go pound sand!  too bad Bradley Ogden closed. He had the best burger EVER!
Service on Saturday for lunch was quite good. Cheese and chicken enchiladas were pretty good, but the guacamole was very disappointing - really lacking in flavor.  It was an economical lunch, however.
My partner and I got really sick. Had pizza delivered, came cold.
Great food, decent service at not a bad price. I will go there again and again. In fact we ate ther everyday except one day while we stayed at vegas for 4 days. Will go back again.
Amazingly disgusting yet mildly charming. Odors of all sorts, dirt & filth plus sweet sound of pigeons outside my window. Spotted: two coke cans circa 1990s in the gutters. A gem of a place :)
I just got a salad here. It was excellent!
Convenient early morning breakfast before your convention, with seating outdoors too.
Had high expectations and really can only give a average review. Atmosphere was loud and you are close to each other. Sushi was ok! That's the best I can say I had better and worse.
Volkswagon corporate called Larry and he refused any help told them his guys would never make errors I asked to speak to you and was told you were too busy
I was not impressed. Bad food and bad service. The price was out of the question for this place. I will never return.  I suggest Pacific Sea Food for the same price.
I really enjoyed this place, had my son with me so he absolutely loved this place t.v's all over playing non-stop sports.  the variety of wings is great and the prices are pretty good as well.  This was really just a fun spot to hang out and eat wings.
The food is nothing spectacular. The only reason to go is because kids eat free on tuesday.
This place sucks!!!  Waited for 20 min before we had to flag down service and the food was just ok.  Would not waste my time.or money here. ...beware!!
Surprised to see a stand alone Thrifty's ice cream shop. Yes, I agree with the other reviews. I think that I built up Thrifty's ice cream in my mind because of nostalgia. I got my old time favorite Rocky Road. Average ice cream.
This place was awesome! I am definitely coming back! We visited back in the summer and enjoyed the live band on the patio and the overall atmosphere of the place. \n\nMy boyfriend built his own burger and was truly impressed by the size and taste of it. I loved the syrup that was served with the sweet potato tots.
Absolutely one of the best burgers I have ever had! The food is fresh and delicious . Tried the spicy fries, and enjoyed some chilli as well...the service was exceptional! I highly recommend Burger de Ville on Jarry street in Montreal !
Quality of food has gone down. 12 dollars for four pieces of ahi tuna on some wilted ass greens. Really? Another place on Mill just waitin to go out of business. Only thing keeping it open is the beer at this point. Fuck the garlic fries. I can make better.
Terrible place they keep messing my 90 yr old grandmother.  Need to boycott this company
Great fast food joint. Fresh taste filling size. It's hard to beat when you want something fast. I'm actually going to go back right now.
Love that its cheaper than many other stadiums. Great deal for your money when it comes to sports these days.
Our server Dylan was phenomenal! He made my daughter feel incredibly special and made our lunch date amazing!!!
Very pricey, but good.  Not worth the price, unless for a special occasion.  I like that they are local, but have not had the greatest service.  Also, the K9 Custard should be on the menu and not just on the sliding glass door when you already order.  Good to check out once, but not often.
The Supreme pizza is delicious!!! This place is a hidden gem! Can't wait to come back and try their other specialty pizzas.
Bet Thai Iced Tea and Coffee anywhere! Great food, too! We always stop in whenever we are in Vegas. Service is excellent, prices are good.
The pharmacists and pharmacist assistants at this CVS pharmacy are absolutely wonderful.  Super fast, very organized and they are all extremely friendly.  I am so thankful that we switched from another chain pharmacy to this CVS - the customer service level is night and day compared to our last pharmacy.  Way to go CVS!
I have tried many workout places and never found one that I loved. This studio is different.. Very clean and great instructors here, each time I go I feel like I am getting a personal session. Kelly is my favorite class to attend and she always mixes it up so I never feel like I am doing the same class.
This place is cash only. And the service was crappy. Never refilled our water glasses. Didn't come back to see if everything was ok or to ask if we needed anything else. The food, I had Pho, tasted ok. Overall, disappointed.
This place draws a massive crowd but I really don't know why. It has a cool atmosphere but the dance floor is tiny. There are so many better places in Vegas I would hit xs, tryst or surrender before this one.
I love this place! It's right next to my house! I brought so many friends and family over here! I order rolls to go almost every week! Stuff is always nice and happy to see you:) I recommend to check it out! It's good for 2 or big party!!!!
I went there once, and I had a good time.  No cover cuz I got on the list since I was staying at Palazzo.  It's like a smaller version of tao.  good time though.
Excellent service. Great value!
Show itself was good but the base was up so loud it actually gave me heart palpitations. The comedy bits were funny but then they just sort of stopped them and it got a little weird and long. Could have been better but overall, pretty good. The audience participants were so good I had to wonder if they were plants.
Slowest panera ever. With rude and impatient staff, an attitude that appears to just be a reflection of the managers working.
If you're looking for a place to play adult hockey that is a playground for fathers of youth hockey players, who can come close to committing a crime on the ice without ever having to answer for it, this is your place!  If not, I'd look elsewhere.
All I can say is WOW! great ambiance, the HH Mimosa was fabulous, I'm not even going to talk about the waffles and chicken.
Pretty tasty!  The black forest cake was delicious.  We also tried the eclair cake which is pretty much what it sounds like, a cake made of eclairs.  Unique and delicious cakes.  I dig it!
A good mix of people and good times ! Get there early because this spot fills up quick!!!!!  Great drinks and AWESOME food!!! I'm going tonight!!!!!
Not Impressed. Had to ask for Ketchup. Enough Said.
Very good short rib tacos. Long wait for food though.
4 months to go on a 2 year contract. T-Mobile has been and continues to be painfull.
Been here before so many time s but every time I write a review it get erased. So like always great food and great service. Today was super busy but still superb service. Keep the great work.
The best breakfast place ever! The food is always delicious and the service is great. I have dealt with stomach issues for years but I can eat here and have no issues. They also have gluten free food that tastes GREAT!  For a wonderful breakfast experience come and eat at JP Pancake.
Way to expensive, long wait times for the slides, the staff are very rude.... Never again
I have given this place two goes and question it's success. The food is nearly terrible. The only upside is that it's a Hookah Lounge and it's a nice little spot for a successful date. But if you're in it for the food, keep on searching. Kabobs and such are NOT done right here.
A lot of fun. It was pretty crowded when I went, but the energy was awesome.
Hard to ruin breakfast, but they managed. Dry burnt eggs and tasteless food. May have been convenient but would not recommend it.
Sexy club. 10 girls getting in for free and a free bottle. It pays it be girls in vegas. Love the view here.
Large cake portions. Good selection of macaroons. But I thought the almond croissant was way too sweet. I love my sweets but that was just unbearably sweet and I couldn't even finish the small portion. The almond croissant from La Belle Terre was much much better.
It looks like it would be a hole-in-the-wall joint but it was quiet nice inside. Daeji-bulgoki lunch was yum!!! Will come back again when I return to LukeAFB.
I was really hoping for better desserts from a dessert bar.  I didn't think they were any thing special.  The half-off Sangria pictures on Wednesday nights and $20 all you can drink wine on Thursdays is a really good deal too.  The White Sangria is awesome.
Absolutely beautiful.  My visual favorite!
I honestly couldn't tell you how long I've been coming here, but I love it! \nFast service & everyone is so nice. \nI go there for 1 person and 1 person only but there is never a dull moment when I go in to get my hair cut
It was good, but a lot of oils and sauces. I really want to find raw veggies. Not cooked, greasy wanna be meat substitutes, might as well go to McDonalds.
Made 2 kids and 2 adults sick! I want to like this place too. One of those situations where the business looks good on paper, but in reality it is too cost prohibitive to run correctly. That is why pricing is high while customer service is lacking. Best of luck without these repeat customers.
Strawberry fields martini + late night food +amazing live band = best place down town!
The customer service here could be 100% better but then again not much around here is anywhere near the greatness of texas customer service!!  Was not greeted when walking in and waiting for about 25 minutes!
My only complaint about this place is that they don't have much premade jewelry. I love their stuff, but am not creative and would really prefer to buy jewelry that someone else makes with their beads!
Came here in 2011 and they had a 50 cent beer special on Tues.  Stop by again this year during Spring Training on Tues, it was empty because the special was over.
Fabulous little place if you want to go independent for your presents.  Prints and beautiful objects, for all budgets.  \nThey also do picture framing, service I can't say I have used, but handy I guess.
This was our 2nd visit. Pulled pork nachos were a big hit. My current favorite nachos. Pot pie wasn't a great hot weather choice so will take some ownership here. I'd say we liked it a lot but didn't love it. Will go back for sure!
Heard about this place from a friend.  Does NOT disappoint.  Excellent food and very friendly service.  We'll be back soon.
Not the best in the world. But great that its open late. I also like that they have breakfast and the lunch menu at all times. They always try to make additions to the menu as well. So not bad when ur tipsy at night
Great for some upscale Mexican. Not a taco joint.
I went only once and got the katsu chicken and short ribs combo. Maybe it was a bad day, but the breading was falling off the chicken, and the chicken tasted funny. I haven't been back since.
Visiting Vegas with kids can be complicated because you have to keep them entertained, unless you want to add cranky, whiny kids to a hot, pricey vacation. We decided to have them try indoor skydiving and they had a blast! Their instructor was very attentive and professional. A memorable experience that will surely last a lifetime.
We buy most of our groceries here. They have fresh produce, awesome bulk foods, good meat choices, and a nice beer selection. Above all, they have great prices and awesome sales! Our 20 month old son loves going here too.
In all the years I have eaten here, I have never been sick.
The only good thing about this place is they have a student deal: two pieces of cheese and a fountain soda for 4.50. The pizza doesnt have much flavor. They charge for bad ranch. By the way, there is no pesto.
Enjoy the shrimp in lobster sauce and the veggies great and cheap fast chinese food.
Absolutely LOVE this store! You wouldn't know that is a franchise when you walk in! The clothes are so cute and diverse and reasonably priced. The accessories are super fun to buy as well!
just a tad pricey i thought for Thai food, but the portions were more than enough to share with many....loved the soup, wish i remembered the name!
We went for breakfast and it was good, just not great. Bacon was excellent and my omelet was prepared as it should have been but nothing was outstanding. Service was outstanding however.
Me and My wife ate here for lunch. It was good. I had the cuban and it did not hurt my wallet.  there are not many cuban places in town, so go to them while you can.
Absolutely fantastic.  It will really surprise you!  It did me.  Great vocals, great harmonies, great story.  You'll be surprised how many of the tunes you know and how the story unfolds.  It's stunning.  A must-see.
Super kid friendly, for kids under about 7 years old.  The only bad thing is that in the summer time, it gets outrageously hot and there's no where to get A/C protection... but I suppose welcome to Phoenix in the summertime.
Disappointed.   Looking for tumeric root.  Had it but all was moldy.  And the place smells ptetty bad.
this hotel is not amazing, but for the price, it is good..
Went to Superstition Saloon in January 2011, had the best burger and fries ever! I will be going back to AZ, just to stop here and have a burger and beer.  The burger was big and delicious!
The Wait was an hour when we were told it would be 15 minutes.  The cashew chicken was bad, over cooked with sauce the was flavorless.   The server was nice.  I won't be back.
Very courteous and helpful. Made mailing my UPS and FedEx packages super easy. He even taped up my package for me free of charge. Stop at Target or the nearby Walgreens on your way if you want cheaper packaging. It's a business, you pay for convenience. Overall, a very positive experience.
Sad this place has gone down hill, as other have mentioned lately. Just ate here with same disappointment. The brisket was dry, pulled pork had NO flavor, the hot links were cheap tasting. The service by Carrie was good. Don't waste your monies.....
Only been a couple of times, sandwiches were good. I'd go back but is just not one of those places that I get cravings for.
Food is good but this location has terrible slow service going back to since they first opened. Go to the metro center location instead\n\nAddress is wrong on yelp, its near 7th street
Food was great. Very tasty, we will return. Burrito itself is enough to fill you up. Lemonade was really good also. We tried the Mango flavor. \nMay do take-out next time as sitting area is very small.
Wow... Great place... Finally a true French pastry shop in the south hills... For those who want to complain about a wait and wanting to go GE to get there \"baguette\" please continue to do so it only means not for those of us who appreciate true craftsmanship...
Staff is not knowledgable and unapologetic. Please use better training procedures as I waited 20 minutes for them to figure out a printer situation (and even tried to help with mo knowledge of the product) and they were still unable to assist me. Thank you.
Amazing atmosphere with local love!!! Feels good knowing my money is kept local!!! All food is organic and purchased locally!!! Healthy soul food with a small town family atmosphere!!! The biscuits and gravy are the best!!!!
Big banner on the outside prints Best Pho in Las Vegas?  But taste all the same to me.
I love what they did with the old Parc Central space.  The indoor/outdoor bar is really a nice addition.  I had their guacamole and also the carne asada tacos.  Good but not anything super special.
Had a scary good time at this amazing collection of haunted houses.  They were well-paced to keep you guessing and your heart pumping.  Congrats to the very creative and weird people who think up these creepy things.
Was a great way to get information on numerous places on the strip and down town.  Hit all the high lights without trying to walk them all. Pretty good photo ops but you had to be ready to capture the subject really fast. I recommend not pre-booking, the weather and timing can make a huge difference.
You haven't lived until you've had the Stetson Chop! It's my favorite salad in the entire world, hands down. The servers are always friendly and they have quite an extensive wine collection; they have a winder (that's a wine binder) because they have so many options.
Great home style cooked food and friendly staff. Has a great atmosphere, that is perfect for families or a romantic date. Great restaurant highly recommend it.
The service was good, but the food was terrible. I prefer healthy green vegan food rather than soy protein product and meat substitutes. The atmosphere is WEIRD! I'll never go back here.
First stop from The long ride from California is to Paradise Spa. The girls are amazing to look at and they really know what they're doing. Pricing is what you'd expect since you're in Vegas, but it is well worth it.\n\nTry it guys, you're gonna like it.
I thought we were at the Palm's guess not. Too drunk to remember much but I know the potatoes augratain were amazing calamari was sent back.
Oohhh what an amazing experience! I am a person who has experienced almost every \"mega-spa\" the b Vegas strip has to offer and yet happy foot spa left me feeling more relaxed and at nearly a tenth of the price. I am already planning my next visit and incorporating a visit into my weekly routine!
Rude service.  They blame all their mistakes on the \"teamsters\".  Horrible union based company that cannot take any responsibilities for their own actions.  If I had a choice I would never use them again but whats the use in complaining when they already have contracts with all the convention halls.
Ajo Al's needs a face lift; the place is falling apart. Ripped carpet, dirty bathrooms, no toilet seat covers for women! and constant dripping sink.\nServers are really good, polite and kind. Chips taste like cardboard, soak them in salsa. Food is marginal.
They really need to add more employees. I have stood in line for quite a while the last two times I was here. The aisles are pretty close together but that doesn't stop me from buying twice as much stuff as I had intended to buy. I will give them four stars once they hire more people to work the registers.
One of the best burgers around!  Just remember there hamburgers are really big!  Don't let your eyes be bigger then your mouth.  Fry's are great too and they have Diet Dr. Pepper!  Yummy.
These guys are great! Kelly and mark are always professional and I always refer my customers to them.  Especially for classic cars. But, they do all makes body shop repairs! Thanks guys for helping me out! See you next time my truck needs fixed.
Delicious.  Variety.  Well prepared and presented.  From the light to the massive the breakfasts are plenty satisfying.  Love the space too - individual as well as long shared tables and the high ceilings make for a pleasant time.
We love going to this whole foods and travel farther to it just because of the massive selection.  The produce is always fresh, the meat counter is a bbq grill master's dream, and the beer selection is something a experienced cicerone would appreciate.
They have a nice selection if you want to dress like a stripper (which I do sometimes). I loved their shoes, but they were limited on sizes and don't carry half sizes. Also the shoes run small. The staff was not very attentive, that's a huge turnoff in my opinion.
Had great expectations after highly recommended by others. The breakfast was good, nothing extraordinary though. The service was a disappointment, server was very forgetful and put off by some simple requests. It doesn't look like they need my business though, considering the line to get in. I probably wont be back.
Forum Shops a blast.\nMakes me wish I was filthy.\nFilthy-rich, dumbass.
i just had  a very bad experience eating at the cortez room.  you are really rolling the dice by eating at this place. sooo many other choices in vegas. cortez room is a real basic, no frills steak house. its such amateur hour .
Much better. A few months ago I wrote a review about this place and was not very complimentary, but they have greatly improved.  I don't know if they got a new cook or what, but the food and the service are leaps and bounds better than when I wrote my previous review.  Give them a chance!
Decent calamari. Good sangria. Came late and no one was there.
First time here and will be back. \nHad the special steak with crab cake. Everything was cooked to perfection and was delicious Eric was are waiter and provided excellent service.
We ordered ramen with pork and the pork was just too fatty.  I didn't understand why they chose pork belly.  The broth was okay, wasn't awesome and wasn't terrible.  I'll stick with something other than ramen and try something else next time.
If there was a zero star option I would choose it!  They messed up tacos, how can a Mexican place mess up tacos???\n The service was very slow and snarky. I don't think I would come back here again!!!
This is a great salon. Love all the products. Stephanie does a great job coloring my hair and I am very picky about how my hair is done. It's very clean inside and they are very personable. Great place!!
I love this place.  Great coffee or tea and the patio is awesome in the summer or in the winter.  Come and stop by.  I wish they had move gluten free food choices.  Barbara
Not had a very good experience using this weitherspoons compared to the rest food was cold when served staff were never around waited for ever on food even thou it wasn't busy weren't very accommodating to kids
Best ever. Great service. Nice people --love my boots
I got my first eyebrow waxing here. I loveeee it :) they did a good job. I dont want my eyebrow too thin, and i think she did a perfect job. The women, forgot her name, she's really friendly. Definitely coming back!
Fantastic place! Dr. Hardy is incredibly gentle and professional. I just had a root canal performed today and wanted to write about my positive experience. I couldn't have asked for a better endodontist!! They are the best!!!!
blowfish sushi in vegas, disguised by a different name.\nsave your money
The pizza crust is definitely the best one out there. A must eat pizza for sure. Too bad the people who works here are not super friendly.That's a downside. Price is good. Take to go. The place is not very nice.
Great food.  The staff & service is what really makes this place nice to come to.  They are very friendly and check on everyone at the tables.  They are even willing to take your trash and refill your drinks.  I personally don't take advantage of that, but some do.  Kids area could be larger.
Just a pawn shop with expensive stuff. too much pawn stars tee shirts and junk.
Saw this place on TV,  It's not bad if you haven't been to the best.  I personally like the dry rub type, this was more liquid cajun spices.  But very good and well worth a try.\n--RibChamp
It used to be good. But recently the quality plummeted badly. I don't wanna eat here again! Tasteless wings. Bad servers. Nothing is good about this place now!
Holy crap! This place did not give us utensils until we got our meal. Which sucked because I could not stir my coffee and therefore it was cold.  We asked twice for utensils, as did other tables around us, however they were only served with our meal.  There was also a 40+ min wait between ordering and being served.
Beware! Place has become pretentious. Cover for women now and expensive drinks.
Horrible cocktail service. Bartenders were extremely slow during the Gary Allan concert. It should never take an hour to get one beer. Fix your system, fire your staff, etc
I like the fake grass.  U can lay your towel down and not get grass all over it  they have a lazy river three slides and 2 diving boards.  There are usually a lot of children in the summer time but you can sit in the shade and enjoy a nice cool drink
It is not as good as the one in Orange County near Disneyland.  Like others have said, the inventory changes so it is hit or miss.  The good thing, if you are looking for something specific, the people there are nice that I have talked to and will let you know if they have it in stock.
Place is always busy but they get you seated and served quickly.  Out server Mariia was very nice and attentive(hope you win the trip to Disneyland!).
One of Las Vegas' best kept secret. The food is delicious, the portions are so big and wide selection.  This place has a lot to offer!
Very light and crispy catfish.  Small little market with a \"hot food\" area.  There is also a small sit down area.  It gets very busy but worth the wait.  The price of the combos are also very reasonable.
Remodel is not good at the Mesa location (Val Vista and Baseline). Seating is very tight (probably to get more people packed in).  Food seems different too. Disappointed as this used to be one of our regular places to frequent but doubt we will be back now.
The food and service is EXCELLENT! Best restaurant in the area! Great portions, friendly, efficient staff. I heard they opened up in Sun City on 107th in the Sun City Cointry Club.Must go!
I think its time America got rid of Walmarts.
Continuation of my yelping of Red Rock, Nevada...\n\nWe were told within a week we would be receiving our letter stating we were entitled to a free suite for future use.  Just letting you know - Red Rock is consistent.   Their promises mean nothing.    No such letter has arrived after almost 3 weeks.
Been here only to try the Absinthe... this drink is rarely served in other places in the U.S. The one I had contained 63% alcohol but was hardly felt.
The service was not good. Four people in the store and we stood there for 10 minutes until I The website is out of date with prices and portions
Meh.\n\nPrices are pretty outrageous for what you get, service is sub-par and the wait was pretty long despite the fact that we had a reservation.\n\nMeh.
I tried it for the first time it's the worst pizza ever it make me sick I'll never go back there!
The 5'2 host made sure we understood that it is a cover charge. Hmmm...here's a news flash, we know buddy. Furthermore, every black person you encounter doesn't have a problem with money. Step off & STFU! The rudeness of the staff totally kills the vibe.
Chadwick is a fantastic photographer. He's professional, fun, kind and a blast to have at a wedding. He loves what he does and it shows in his attitude as well as the beautiful images you'll get of your wedding. I highly recommend him for your big day.
The atmosphere is great, and the pizza and sandwiches, while simple, are always delicious and well done.  Parking is a little difficult.  The White Sangria is lovely.  This is a prime downtown lunch spot, but its viability as dinner location has been diminished with the addition of the adjacent Vig.
Good Mexican food and amazing atmosphere.
If you like salt, this is the place for you!  Pretty bad from soup to noodles.  Even the rice was disappointing.   Tried to finish the meal with green tea ice cream and they were out.
Happened to stumble upon this little gem on my way to trader joes. Was pretty skeptical about trying somewhere new. But have to say Jason is the best! It's clean, friendly staff, and he takes time to make sure they look great.
Guys must wear shirts with sleeves, even when the weather is ridiculously hot in Vegas.  Pricy, but the food and interior make up for it.  Lots and different choices of things to be put on the your plate. Their desserts are actually good compared to other buffets. Their corn on the cob is super delicious!!!
Starbucks is Starbucks :)  it's not bad but you just have to know that you'll probably be waiting in line,  with no seat to sit down, and the coffee you get is not crafted with care.
Great food. Unfortunately I haven't been back over here because it's so loud that it is impossible to have a conversation. I wish they would do something about it because I miss going there
Excellent food and service! Always really clean! Love the salsa bar. The tomatillo salsa is my favorite. Street tacos and the baja chicken burrito are excellent!
Nice set up. I didn't see anything I could live without though. All the stores are the same you would see at any other outlet shopping center.
The pizza was good, but I am not sure why the reviews are so high? I would eat it again, but I don't think it was amazing. The woman who took our order over the phone was very friendly though, and the delivery was fast.
New location needs better ventilation. Awkward layout reeks of musty clothes.  Odor persists into breezeway. \n\nOrganization not clear. I sincerely hope this is a temporary location.
Cool place, great to see Blue Moon on Tap. Wonderful BBQ's in the summer!
Great food, nothing was bad.
Fun place, great atmosphere. esp outside in \"yard' playing games or watching football.
love this place! my mother in law is from san salvador so i have really developed a taste for yummy pupusas! my hubby and i love coming here. they are friendly and the food is good. every time we come, it is just.....delicious!
Def a case of style over substance. Tofu is flavorless and everything else over spiced. Super small portions for the price. Kids' Mac and cheese served cold. Bleh.
I am a loyal customer and love the place! The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars is that it is pretty pricey but it's clean so I love it!
Decent food.  Came more for the atmosphere and to yell \"big unit\" every time someones orders one of their giant hotdogs.
Love the food.  Brisket is perfectly cooked and the ribs are to die for.  Make sure you get some mac & cheese.
Ive been going to nichole for about 6 months! Not only does she do an awesome perfect job! BUT the compliments are non stop : )
I have found my new auto repair guys. I have tried some of my local repair shops only to leave feeling ripped off. Not with these guys. Jack is very informative and the price is right.
First time customer and what a pleasant experience.  Food was an A+.  Service was great.  All food was delicious and fresh.  Will be back soon.
I haven't seen one of these in quite a while.  They still have great fresh bagels.
Bartender is Awesome. Had a Jack and coke and two fruity concoctions. Came on a Tuesday night to watch DJ MikeLuie IN THA BUILDING !!! Great hip hop/rap performances throughout the night.  \nFB- Mike djmikeluieinthabuildin Luie
Frozen Peanut Butter Hot Chocolate?!?! Nuff' said!
Mediocre food (French toast and bacon) that was overpriced and terrible service. Nothing nice to say here except that the other restaurants in the Paris are very good.
Excellent stop in Downtown Summerlin. The food and ambience was phenomenal. Had the Lemon garlic wings. Came out piping hot and delicious. The happy hour specials were a great deal too. Will come back
Really cool concept- they use local ingredients (some picked right outside of their front door). We went for breakfast and had the a) meat and potatoes and b) chicken and mushroom scrambles. These were BIG portions, so bring your appetite.
This location has changed the quality of its baked goods, which used to be excellent.
The food is amazing and I love the sake shots, but when you make a reservation for 7:30 and at 8 pm you're still sitting at table with no food.....kind of disappointing. The hostess' were less than helpful, and had very poor customer service.
I live in Vancouver WA and at first I thought using a company out of state would be hard to work with. I was wrong. Julian surpassed my expectations and I got \nall of my designs & prints done on time (business cards & flyers). I'm coming back for more soon! Thank you Creative Pile!!
You can't find a better car wash for these incredible prices.  It's always a fast experience and I like how you can drive thru the car wash yourself. I actually look forward to my weekend car washes. Lol
This place has excellent breakfast. The biscults and gravy are amazing. Fresh coffee. The parking is a little small for full size trucks. Home style breakfast is a speciality here.
Mediocre food at best. Not very flavorful. I don't think I would choose to eat here before any other Mexican restaurant.
Rooms are big but empty, lack of furnishing.  It is located in a convenient part of the Strip.  Easy access to the airport and I-15.
Love this place, my boyfriend and I come here often because we just crave that chicken tikka masala they are famous for. The server is old and sweet, always quick to laugh and smile. Good for authentic food and a traditional atmosphere. Don't come here looking for fast food but for flavorful food and an experience.
Amazing all around breakfast in a clean organized and happy environment. Everything cooked the way it should be. Pancakes, French toast, whatever you crave Amazing!
I've been back twice since my last review and both times have been very positive experiences.  I brought several friends from out-of-town and  they enjoyed it very much too.
Usually the prices are good and the buns are decent, but last time I found a hair in my cream-filled pastry, aren't they required to wear hairnets?
The way it was talked up, I was expecting great pizza.   What I got was good, not great.   \n\nIt has a wide variety of options, chicken wings were not bad either.
Laid back deliciousness.  Comfort food for the soul.  Great beer selection.
The staff at this Whole Foods is unprofessional.   And the prepared food is typically awful.
Had good pizza here and food was good but what took a few stars off was the person that took my order was completely clueless couldn't even tell me my total and when he did the delivery guy told me a different total not to mention he said next time tell me ur appt is in the back very rudley.
Rolls were good, gumbo was fresh but bland, red beans were dehydrated from days of reheating or just overcooked, charbroiled oysters were way over seasoned too salty of a spice and overcooked, hush-puppies also overcooked and dense.
This was my second time at Wicked Spoon.  The first time was amazing but this second time - I dunno - maybe they were having a bad day.  The food was 'ok'.  The desserts were amazing just like last time.
Kona Grill's sushi is comparable to the sushi that is available in grocery stores.  Which is terrible. For some seriously incredible sushi try Hiro or Yasu.  Kona Grill is best for Happy Hour finger foods and cocktails.
Really should deal with their rotten trash dead animal smell. Haven't been there for a while and hope they improve it.
Good sushi and the happy hour prices are fantastic. Try the saki sangria!
my first time here, and i love this place already. the kiwi lemonade are to die for.. lol
Good lunch place.  Everything I have had is better than average.  Prices are average.  Sometimes to service is slower than I would like.  All in all a good value with good food.
Average lamps store.  It is a good place for purchasing lamps.  Slightly expensive at times.
Great addition to the ever growing fourth ward. All of their breakfast sandwiches have been great. I've only had the iced coffee and that was good too. \n\nThe staff is joyful and happy to help you.  The atmosphere is a perfect mix of coffee house and resturant.
One star for the service but 5 stars for the dole whip. Extremely slow service! The server kept filling orders for people who came after us just because we bought the pineapple boat. Took 13 minutes to get our order. Sadly I won't be coming back. Id rather go back to Disneyland.
I don't normally leave reviews for \"fast\" food, but this Jack and the Box has really went downhill. \n\nVery slow and expect to wait 10-15 minutes if using the drive-thru.
Expensive, and bad. Sorry, but the dogs were rubbery and the chili just didn't do it for me. The \"Brighton Hot Dog Shoppe\" out in the burbs blows this place away!
After I wrote this, my fiance got sick from the food. \n\nSo, I looked up their health code violations, and they don't store their food at proper temps.\n\nEw. :(
Really great to have a you pick farm in Las Vegas.  They have a good variety, are nice people and the farm stand is a good easy choice for fresh local produce.
Awesome breakfast joint. The food is great. Try the biscuits and gravy. The scrambled eggs were perfect and the coffee was excellent.\n\nBe warned, this place is small, so don't go in with a large party.
Overrated just go to Quiznos or subway just being honest don't get me wrong food is good bot not amazing the drink section is nasty and dirty I live in Vegas I will never go out of my way to come to this place again
Tuna tare tare is a a lil tuff compared to what I've had...calamari is not the greatest n the raw oysters I had better.. Asked what kind of oysters n they had no answer!
I was so disappointed at this buffet. I don't eat seafood, so I can't speak for that. Very little choices and subpar quality for the price.
Man! I was excited to see Flo's as an option while waiting for a flight recently. Sadly, it was no better than a Panda Express would've been. $11 and a rice bowl later, I was left wishing I stopped someplace else.
This store is now closed! \n\nBut before it was, it stocked a variety of retro jewelry, kitschy knick-knacks, and home goods.
The Cove is closed, as of 12/09.
I went before it open- i was in and out and in with 18 mins. It told longer because the service rep was moving and processing everything very slow.
Great food and service at this Montreal treasure! Located in old Montreal, this spot had a vast menu and provides a great dining experience from start to finish.
I thought it was just okay.  The gentleman behind the counter was quite friendly, as promised by the reviews, but the food was so-so.  Perhaps my expectations were set too high by Yelp.  I like Haji Baba in Tempe better.
Great food, poor service.
This place doesn't give you any service girls act like they are too good to serve anyone when we were seated the girl that let us in didn't let any waitress know we wanted to eat or drink and forgot about and started taking pictures of herself wasted my time I'm surprised that this place is still even open they way they treat customers there.
Everytime I go into this Sally's I feel discriminated against. I just went in there and a girl was staring right next me and didn't offer assistance. And it didn't help that she was so nice to other customers in front of me. I was very disappointment today.
The flamboyant owner/waiter is really rude. This restaurant is really small and can't fit parties of 10 or more.  The food is good, but since the service was so horrible, I'll never come back.
I found out Bakers is closing the last day of December this year.  I can't imagine taking care of my house and backyard without them.  No very often can I truly say that the closing of a business is a real loss.  This is!  This has always been a a ten star place!
This jiffy lube is always quick and efficient! and super friendly/helpful.. thanks!
Phoenix Sky Harbor is really easy to get around, traffic isn't difficult to work with and with continuing updates Sky Harbor is on its way to being a world class airport.... also free wifi
Always great and fast! Service is always top notch. Beware of big crowds during lunch.
Waitress was too busy. Finally after my cup was empty for 10 mins she noticed and asked me if I need refill. Food was good. Like the style of the restaurant :)
Lobster Potpie was fabulous!!  We had the tasting menu, everything was wonderful.  It's a definite \"I must come again!\"
People this is coffee not brain surgery.. I drink OK cofee.. and let's admit Starbucks is warm swill.  there is room, music, and wifi.  This is not the Met.   so relax coffee Nazis
Stopped at this diner during a flight layover.  Convenient place to eat  for US Airways travelers in Phoenix.  My experience was apparently a little better than the other reviewers.  Waitress was efficient and friendly and the food was fine.  I was in and out in less than 30 minutes.
We came here for a quick bit to eat.  We shared a turkey sandwich which was decent but the next day we ordered a tuna melt and it was gross
Wow. The service was soooo slow. also they didn't have any chocolate chips for my double chocolate chip frappuchino. I highly recommend that management bring in more staff for this location because the two employees just isn't enough.
The beef brisket was a skirt steak, they used turkey bacon for the turkey in the greens.....it could've been better. The potato salad was good
Waited two hours for my order, food was cold when it arrived, delivery driver was unapologetic. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Will never order from them again.
This is my new favorite spot in Phx! Service was great, prices are great and the quality of the food was amazing. 5 stars for me!
Nice little place I went to once, had ramen (of course) and also was persisted to have the honey toast due to raving reviews on it. Its true, it's super good.
Gave this place a couple chances to redeem themselves and they couldn't do it.. We've been here 3 times and all 3 times we walk in there...wait 30 mins at our table and no one acknowledges us so we just leave....it's that bad
Should be retitled \"All You Need is Weed.\"   I found it boring and fell asleep three times.
Took the family on Saturday night, we had too much fun! The actors were great, along with the outside staff. Can't wait to go again, we will be bringing friends.
Best steakhouse on the strip. Be prepared to pay the price - but worth every ounce. Make sure you reserve in advance otherwise you will be stuck with a slot that might not fit your hunger schedule. \n\nRecommendable.
Excellent Thai food.  I have had the Thai Basil and Green Curry.  I like the low lighting atmosphere.  Some asian music usually plays in the background.  Another reviewer mentioned long wait for food, but I've never had that experience.
It's pretty good... I really liked the brisket.  I am still in search of the perfect BBQ place here in the Phoenix area.  The service by the way was killer so I would recommend it.  BTW check out the cool light fixtures when you are in there.
Horrible. Don't go to this location. They don't follow the parent company's lead.
Ski ball and alcohol!
It's K Mart, not bad just nothing special. Nothing really sets K Mart apart from any of the other conglomerates. Gotta shop here from time to time for MH exclusives so you'll see me busting out my Maverick patch & showing it off with pride
Steaks here are amazing. Flavor is unreal. Sides are decent and service is ok. Only thing that was tough is for locals to get in and out of harrahs is horrible. Luckily enough valet parking wasn't full even though a sign said it was.
Anna pretty much took the words out of my mouth on this one. I'm going to add one more thing. They have a extremely unique way of arrange flowers, very modern and bespoke looking. I can't (and won't) describe it any further, visit to see!
Great concept , great location by baggage claim but the prices were high. 5 dollars for a liter of soda ? No thank you . I'm sticking to cvs or abc store on the strip for my alcohol needs .
Best place for lunch. for $8.95 you get soup,salad, large plate of your choice of rolls and a dessert. Service is great
Favorite place for lunch, wonderful family owned restaurant, great gyro's and the garlic cumin fries are to die for. Hummus is made fresh daily, this is a can't miss!
always ask for limited selections. they have them all
Fast oil change, 2 stars.  But this is the second time they can't rotate the tires because of lack of tools, broken tools, etc.
I have had better and I have had worse. The food is average, but I feel that it is a little on the expensive side for what you get.
I'm a fan every time I come in town...the wait was a little long but it is always well worth it!!! Try the watermelon lemonade its so yummy and the chicken and waffles mouth watering ;)
My wife and I go here for martinis..always good  and we also got the free desert for life coin havent used it yet but we will soon.
Cinnamon Apple Panini's for brunch.  Sign me up.  Yum doesn't even begin to describe the Sunday brunch at Coca Cafe.
Slow slow slow slow slow service. Fun atmosphere but needs more workers. Takes about a half hour to get your drink.
Food is overrated. Nothing special here. The sports memorabilia and ambience is great. Again, food is just ok but a cool place to look around.
This place us worth coming to just for the shakes. My favorite is the mocha shake. The servers at night are over-worked and the wait time for shakes can be long if you are in a big group. That being said the shake us worth the wait.
Like other reviewers I didn't see much of the \"Golden State\" in the California burger.  All in all a decent burger option, if convenient, and above average fries/onion rings.
We have used 1-800-GOT-JUNK? twice within the last few months.  We were moving so we had quite a bit of junk for them to haul away.  They always called when they were on the way and arrived promptly within the scheduled time frame.  The employees were nice, helpful and professional.
Food is always delicious here. I had the romaine, albondigas and some mixed paella. However, the albondigas came an hour late, the paella came out 1.5 hours late, after repeatedly it asking our server. The manager made up for it. We weren't charged for the dishes.
Xo Karaoke Room is awesome! You get your own private room....no one really bothers you...the hostess is attentive and polite. You can even get a cd of all your songs when you are done! If you haven't been you need to go and try it!
This place sucks... My bf and i were kicked out by cops.... If u think we deserved it I WISH! it was so wack as FUCK!!!! Spent $100 on drinks and seriously got kicked out for dancing w my bf of 7 yrs....
the food is bomb,\nif your looking for good hala food in lv, this is the place absoluyely
Wo made a reservation for 12 at this place,  on a Monday night,  to celebrate the departure of a friend moving to Europe.  We all got there,  and it was CLOSED!!!\nNOT COOL\nWe had to scramble to find a place nearby.
Lily! Best pedicure I have ever gotten! That's all I have to say.
This place was good, had a date here.. very crowded but still the atmosphere was nice, pretty noisy nonetheless food was really good, took a while to get to us, but very good!
Wait time was terrible! When we did get our food the eggs were cold.  Waitress was nice, I know not her fault for the cooking time.
SLOWEST SERVICE EVER. Middle of the morning on a saturday and it took them almost 15 minutes to fully construct a plain bagel with cream cheese. I literally watched 8 other employees stand around the register and talk. Do not go here if you are in a hurry
wow! Great customer service here, with a friendly staff,  not to mention a wonderful atmosphere.  really authentic and charming,  with great shakes. would absolutely recommend!
We had the meatloaf which was really good! Nice dining area, it is separated from the casino so the smoke smell is not in the restaurant. Wait staff was very nice and service was good.
The flavors are amazing at an unbelievable value.  We had the fusion tacos, tostada, and bulgogi fried rice.  Very tender bulgogi, excellent sauces.  Cheerful service.  A true gem.  I liked the old cook with the KOMEX black beanie.  He's hardcore fusion!
Thank heavens for this place!  Trying to get into a healthier lifestyle and go raw has been a life saver to that end.  They make veggies delicious and it's never been my thing, so that's a mouthful coming from me!  Great staff there too, wish u all the best, see u soon!
Damn good food , happy with the meal.  I have been here twice.  The steak and the tea so GOOD!
Service was good waitresses friendly I ordered the burnt ends and they were fairly awful. I went because it was close to my motel. I will drive farther for food next time. Beware.
I love the fun carefree atmosphere, but the service Friday Night 4/26 was lousy. The wait staff was all about entertaining themselves, and this place lost a lot in food and drink sales because they mostly ignored us and all the filled tables around us.
Food was fairly flavorless, but my main complaint was seeing the giant roach crawl up the wall and into the kitchen. Grossssss.
Beautiful Executive suite, great dining. Great experience overall. Only wish they had live jazz music nightly and a smoke-free casino section. Totally spoiled Vegas for us. Can't stay in anything less opulent now.
This place sucks. Was told to avoid hour and a half wait to go in the lounge. Sat at a dirty table (only one available) and was totally ignored for 15 minutes so we left. Never again.
A decade later, it's just not the same....maybe I'm just older now. Maybe it's the crowd? Eh, whatever it was or IS, it's just not the place for me.
We would not come back.  Very bland boring food.  Slow service, brought my partners meal 10 minutes before mine.  No alcohol.
I had the worst experience ever here went hear for my wife birth day and the service was really bad never had refills on drinks and also found a bug in my food would not recommend this place to anyone
Nothing wrong with this place.  Okay, I'm a little biased because I had a chance to hang with the pit crew, but really...the actual venue was okay.  There were tons of trailers lining the mountains, plenty of space to walk around outside to get food, etc.
We did the tasting menu, but we should have just gotten the Lobster Pot Pie. It was great!\n\nLobster Pot Pie!
This has been a good location to eat after a round of golf on the west side. I like the chicken fried steak and biscuits and gravy. This place feels like home and has decent food and prices. Nice little family restaurant. If your in the area and want a quick bite check this place out.
I can't stop eating brule\u00e9 Burgers. I feel bad because the weekly specials usually look awesome, but the brule\u00e9 burger is too good to turn down. I wish they were open later, but I'm guessing most of their crowd comes from the school and hospital during the day.
This place is legendary !! The decor is awesome and the burritos are amazing. My wife loves the green chili Mary Lou and the staff always seems like they are having a great time. Oh yeah, I almost forgot, the have amazing cheeseburgers! I know it seems odd but the burgers are great.
Good food, good prices, and especially good service from Steven!  It's our go to place for Mexican food.
I love this joint! Food feels like a warm hug on a cold winter's night. Always comforting to know they are just around the corner when I am craving the noodle house. I always order the chicken noodle soup with flat noodles.
Chestnut baked oatmeal was divine! Cinnamon apple compote, honeyed walnuts and creme fraiche, so, so, good! Great vibe, sat out front on the patio, charming decor, great Cartel coffee, perfect way to start my week!
If you are scared of heights don't get on the elevator!!
I really don't enjoy this gym the location is kinda ghetto and If u try to go during prime hour of operation it's very packed and hard to get on a machine. The staff doesn't really go out of there way to help you. The parking sucks and the lot is filthy. Will never have my business.
The wings were excellent. The beer was very cold. The appetizers were so so (good sweet potato fries, marginal fried mushrooms and greasy chips for nachos). We ordered ribs but were disappointed to find they were \"out\" very early in the evening.
Good hearty Asian style breakfast, brunch, lunch. Chicken, good.. crispy and moist. Platters are huge. Saimin was excellent. Long lines, but worth the wait. Mahi Mahi was pretty fresh.
We had brisket with no bun. Brisket was excellent and could be cut with fork. No knife necessary. Sides were good and BBQ sauce was good. Fun industrial feel. They do have a good selection of bottled beer. Tvs in dining area and kid friendly
What ever is on the special board is what you want in your mouth!!!
Monta delivered again with great ramen and gyoza. Still believe it to be some of the best ramen I've had outside of Japan.
I really enjoyed the curry here, but the service left something to be desired.  My friend and I ordered the same thing and it took about 45 minutes for us to get our food.  The waitress blamed it on the cooks, but I have a suspicion that she just forgot to put in the order.  Good for the food, just ignore the service.
cheap lap dances (20 bucks).. lots of talent.. although a lot of that talent disappears by 3 AM.. at least my bachelor friend had a good time..
Favorite thai.
The breakfast burrito I just had was not good. Besides being tasteless, it was dry and the cooks terribly burned the potatoes. The fresh squeezed orange juice also tasted like it was made from green unripe oranges. Maybe worth another shot some day but today was not a good experience.
Lunch Specials, fast service! Hot
Decent little place, better tasting, quicker and cheaper than Coldstone (IMHO) but the ice cream has that soft, gummy-ish consistency that is common with \"mix-in\" places.
A lot better then Subway for sure, great for late nights.\n And they have Dijon Mustard \n\nTried\n#16 Turkey Club \nJJBLT\n\nMakes me wonder why the location in my hometown is always empty...
I'm with Rachel C. on this one. You get an extra star for being a pretty Giant Eagle and a Cafe with a very decent beer selection of 6packs and individual bottles. Even though the Giant Eagle in Robinson is better in my opinion you, Waterfront Giant Eagle, are not bad and pretty close to where I live.
Not bad, but not my first choice for the area. The staff are friendly and the food is good, but it just feels too much like a man's club. \nThat being said, it is a great place for guys to go for dinner who are really looking for dinner. I think I need more... of something.
Nice hotel, very clean and hospitable.
Proof that you don't need fancy when the hospitality is genuine and the food is authentic. Place has wonderful energy - the entire Team is \"ON IT\"!!
The gentleman that helped my wife was not only argumentative but unable to correctly perform the service requested because they did not carry a complete line of the products needed.  After returning to request that they fix the nails, they disagreed with our issues and claimed that it is just the way it is. Not happy and wont return.
This buffet is decently priced and has decent food. Nothing spectacular nothing horrid several stations Asian Mexican bbq salad bar Italian your typical Vegas buffet. I honedtly enjoyed the cicis pizza buffet more because I got to order my own pizza varieties.
This place is straight ballin'\n\nThis is now where I go to get a steak while I'm in Vegas.\n\nIf you like good food, eat here.\n\nAnd keep the pen when you sign for your bill!
Great people, great prices, great product. Very pleased with the Valentines Day help from this location. They were able to get what I wanted with little notice to make my V-day absolutely perfect. Staff was very friendly and helpful.
As far as tire shops go this is a great set up. they get you in right away and are friendly and professional service. I got a pretty good deal as well. Although  I was a little disappointed when I did not see a little old lady tossing a tire through the window. =(
The pizza has really spicy sauce and two much of it. It tastes like you could have made it at home with Kraft singles.... But what do you expect for 1.50 slice. I only had the pepperoni but it was really gross. I ordered two slices and only ate one.
This place is Legit! Had such a good meal and the soda selection really is awesome! A whole wall dedicated to different sodas in glass bottles! My Gorlfriend had pumpkin pie soda and I had butterscotch root beer and it was delicious!! \n\nDefinitely a win for local restaurants!
Yumsters!!!! Fresh and tasty that is all.
Other than being an all you can eat place, this place is gross.  Don't eat here.  Go to E-Jo or Mother's instead.  The food is bland, the overall grade of the meat is below par, and the intentional cross contamination of food is unsanitary.
Our favorite Thai spot in the Tempe area. The curries are fantastic and I found it hard to stray from them. Fast service and great for take out.
One of the better Chinese restaurants in the UNC area. Sunday buffet and dailey drink specials. 1/2 price rolls on Mondays.
I prefer the layout of Petsmart. The staff is friendly and helpful, probably because no other customers were in the store. When I need to drop in to get some canned food for my dogs, the place is deserted.
A great place to spend a weekend and the staff is super friendly. Did not find many super deals as many things were priced high but we enjoyed looking around
Beef bulgoki tasted good with the veggie side dishes and rice.  Everything went especially well with the soju.  My friends, who are regulars, and I did some shots with one of the guys who owns the place.  The staff's great.  It was my first time here and it was definitely a great experience.
3 words: Chilean Sea Bass. I have always loved this place. The atmosphere is Great!  My fiance and I always get the oysters and Alligator. It is a bit pricey, but well worth it. We go every chance we get. Service is ALWAYS on point! Love love love!
- Been here twice and it's cool to chill and have a few drinks.  I hate bowling so didn't partake in that.
Waited extremely to long for a server. Everyone just walked by never even attempted to approach the table.Then finally got seen by a server,waited even longer for 2 waters and a kids soda.Not coming back.You guys SUCK.
My first visit to Vegas and I have to say that The Laundry  Room welcomed me with open arms.
One of my favorite vegas hotels. Great rooms, fun gambling and tasty restaurants!
Saw Mitch Fatel here a couple months back, very nice place.  Pretty small so no matter where you are seated you're close to the stage.  Service was good the they keep the crowd under control (not that they needed it, but they notified us that disruptions are taken seriously).  Will definitely be back again.
I love the rooms here , very private and very modern with a beautiful view to the strip
Based on my feedback to corporate, I received an apologetic email, letter, and 2 movie passes.  I'm still not in a hurry to return, but probably will at some point.
This hotel restaurant is fantastic. I will say with 100% confidence that this is the best breakfast that I have ever had. The omelet station is superb and the breakfast potatoes are full of flavor. They were very patient with my 3 children and were very helpful. I can't wait to stay here again.
Cockroaches at this food establishment. \n\nNot eating here again.
Visits: 1st\nRating: 4*\nThis review is just for the macaroon since that's all I had. After several disappointments with cakey macaroons at other establishments, we finally found good macaroons with chewy centers. I had the pistache & noisette. Both delicious!
9/3/13 Work supplied an assortment of Krispy Kreme doughnuts.  I fought them off all morning and then broke in the afternoon.  I ended up eating three (a classic sugar dusted, a lemon filled, and a glazed blueberry).  I'm still feeling fat.  ;-)
Terrible, overpriced food. My \"chicken\" burrito was just beans and rice. That must have been one skinny chicken.
Fish tacos were very nice. Had the bartender make an avocado margarita that I once had at a 5 star resort in Mexico and it was just as good if not better.
Cool atmosphere but food is terrible . Frozen burgers super over cooked and bland fries. I would stop in for a drink but not worth what they charge for burgers
The beans are bland as cardboard. The onions were uncooked and the salsa was not pica. I recommend taco bell over this place. However the cochata was delicious. Maybe they should rethink their mission and vision.
This store needs a lot of help at the drive through. The line is always backed up. Skip this store and head to one nearby so u aren't late for work.
The only place you can eat real hummus and listen to Regina Spektor.  The service sometimes leaves something to be desired, but the great food and locale keeps me coming back for more.
Ate here for lunch/happy hour. Shared a lunch and roll with my husband. Located in the Middle of Mandalay Bay.. Pretty good deal for $20 Bento Box lunch deal.. $5 Asahi. Would eat here again.
This place is trash... Please see the previous reviews by other dissatisfied customers, I should have listened. 20+$ for a car wash and they did a terrible job.
Consistent food and service.  The new red velvet pancakes were surprisingly better then anticipated.
Veggie pizza at Napoli is yucky...\n\nWith the exception of the onions, all of the veggies are from cans or jars.
The food is always fresh and the service is great. Huge portions of quality food for a low price. Karla was our server this time and she did great.
Tasty. And the lunch menu makes it affordable.
Who knew eating healthy could taste so good. My wife absolutely loves this place and has gotten so much inspiration for our habits at home from this place. For me it's 5 stars for the food and atmosphere.  Only downside is its not cheap. You'll shell out to eat here. I do suggest their smoothies, excellent.
Nothing special. Not authentic as they claim. Skip it.
I love this place! The staff is friendly and knowledgable and do a great job.  The salon is clean and has a classic feel to it.  Location has great parking.
Came in for Father's Day lunch. Being the second time here it gets worse with each visit. I like a ambiance but the food can't improve the place. The bill for 3 came to $72.00 seems to me that they need to bring up the quality to match the price.
Downstairs, a bit awkward but food was decent.
The store is a disorganized mess with a rude proprieter.
The wait is a lil long when it's busy but it's worth the wait....I live there food so amazing the employees know us already that's how u know we are frequent customers yumummmy
I went there yesterday, pretty busy. Food took quite awhile to come out, the two for one special was VERY misleading! The service was good, an older lady messed our order up, but another one fixed it immediately and took over. Good team work, but no thanks on the food.
I been here before an the service was great we when again last night an the service was Terrible the waitress was really rude ask for the receipt in a berry Rude way the bathroom was not in a good condition extreme dirty. They need to get better waitress with better attitude an friendly.
Great place to read or just have a break from the day. Large bay doors are great for letting in sun and fresh air. Typical price range of Starbucks or Caribou with a similar layout as well.
My girlfriend and I enjoyed a great meal when we went here. I ordered the 22oz steak and my girlfriend had the lamp. The food was cooked perfectly but expect to dish out alot of cash for your meal.
Love this restaurant! They have a great Tapas menu if you just want to come in for some drinks and snack, but their dinner menu is awesome too. Definitely a favorite!
Very blah. The cesear dressing tasted like mayonnaise. The food didn't haven't much flavor. I would highly recommend Olive Garden over Bravo.
When I was in junior high I used to tease my bangs and hit Metrocenter Mall with my girlfriends. Last time I was there was about three years ago to see a movie...and I haven't been back since. \n\nHoly crap this mall got ghetto.
This such a unique place and so is the food. Oh and by the way it is fantastic!!
Food was sub par, in fact the steak was poorly cooked. The service was slow, although the waiter suggested a delightful wine pairing. Over all overpriced and not worth a visit. There are plenty of other steak houses on the strip that are a better value and better quality.
I've been here a few times for lunch. It is an odd fusion of experiences, both the food and the storefront, but the staff is friendly, and the food is good.
Cool place...burgers are fresh and good...don't taste like a grease bomb like 5 guys!!!  Only thing is, it is a little spendy for a burger...can't beat in-n-out for overall quality and price!!!
I have visited this location twice. The employees are always friendly and my drinks always come out great!\n\nI had a coupon for a free drink once and the barista gave me the largest one I could get. It was nice of him to recommend it.
The menu has a great variety of food.  Nice restaurant compared to other sports bars that I've been to.  I make sure to come to Yard House whenever I'm in Scottsdale.
Came here based on Foodnetwork's  TV show: The Best Thing I Ever Ate. The fried chicken was ok, skin was nicely crisped, but the seasoning was not marinated through the meat itself. So, it was rather bland. I really liked the side dishes, though.
Good sushi. Friendly staff. Would definitely come back I were in W Phoenix and craving sushi again.
hands down the best gelato shop in az.  love gelato?  come here and experience the goodness.
My favorite local barristas whipping up delicious caffeinated beverages and tasty treats to keep me going through the day.
The log cabin lodge in the desert! Food was great!
OK, I love the flavors at this place, and the price is good. The location is great. However they reciently started having the attendant do the sample cups for you.... he does not wear cloves and that is gross. I might have to find a different place now.
Completely rude. Will never go back.  Was asking for advice on what to do with my shoe repair. He cut me off and when I questioned how long it would take to put insoles in he was offended and told me to go somewhere else!  Gladly.
not like what I expect
My grandson is in his second year in the Early Primary program at Greenhouse.  He has show incredible growth academically, emotionally and socially.  His teacher is a loving and knowledgeable  educator.  He loves school and loves to practice his new learning at home.  As a retired primary teacher I highly recommend this school.
Three words, Fried Ice Cream!
Nice place to play and eat.  Never stayed here though I hear it's nice.  They have great midnight specials.  Old property with tons of gaming options.
Apparently for some the soda machine makes this place.\n\nWhat can I say, somedays our experience here is better than other days.
best bang for your buck. it's like todai but a lot better. \nthe sushi is not as good as a regular restaurant but good enough.\nthey're selection is huge too.
It's nice to have this place down the street to get a quick drink or snack from their extremely large selection.  I'm also a big fan of their car wash!  However if you only need gas pretty much everyone else around them is significantly cheaper.  I've found them to be about a dime at times higher per gallon.
Really good Ethiopian food. Atmosphere lacks but don't come here for atmosphere!!\n\nThis review is for their new location.
The staff is very friendly and the food is outstanding!\nYou enter through the kitchen and everyone says hello to you.  With it being a nice restaurant, they welcome children as well.  It is a nice feeling to take our daughter and not having the staff rolling their eyes when we enter.
Fun place to bring the family. Kids love mini golf. So much better than wi. Also good for slides and water park
I thought it would be better. I mean the rooms are nice, but nothing special. The bathroom is huge and nice. Also, the bed was the softest one I've been on in Vegas. I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here though!
Great Place to see a show!  Generate Rogue Bar Playlists at http://www.playlisthq.com/default.aspx?VenueID=104666&VenueName=Rogue%20Bar !!
Very good coffee and great atmosphere
I've been to this location several times...and the food and atmosphere is always great. I usually order the Bruchetta w/ asparagus and the chopped salad. Both are great with a glass of wine! I highly reccomend for anyone looking for a modern italian atmosphere.
The BEST Filibertos in the valley. Food is consistently excellent. It is as upscale as a Filibertos can be. No drive thru. The employees are friendly and most have worked there a few years. I want a taco.
AWESOME NOODLES!  My lunch group eats here almost weekly.   We know the staff and they know what we like down to how much spice each of us wants on our food.   It is our favorite downtown restaurant.  Everyone should give it a try.   You won't be disappointed.
Great subs, great service, great value.  The whole family enjoyed the place.  If I lived in Vegas I would eat there more often.
LOVE THE PRODUCT. Butttttttttt I just went there at 7:50 pm on a Thursday night and they were closed?? I thought they were opened until 9pm?
Only used the day spa (no massage this time).  Well worth the $20 daily pass fee for hotel guests.  Highlights include: massaging jacuzzi tub, herbal room, and rain shower experience.  A great place to relax during the day before nighttime festivities.
A family fall-back, but quality and service is inconsistent.
One of the best meals I have ever had. We have wanted to try Olives for a long time and just never had made it here before on trips to Las Vegas. The pasta was handmade and melted in your mouth. The entire meal was perfection.
Good food every time we go here and the sliced beef (Bulgogi?) is very tender.   All the sides are always fresh as well.   Expect to leave smelling like smoke as with most Korean BBQ's but aside from that, descent service and good food for the price.
Saw on triple DDD. Pizza is best in town. Suicide fries were good but not as hot as I had hoped. Will be back again.
This location is a lot cheaper than the ones at the malls. Everything was pretty much the same, minus the metal cup your extra milkshake comes in at the other locations; just better prices.
Avoid this company, they will rip you off!  I had a horrible experience and when I tried to report this I was continuously ignored.  They care very little about customer serivce, their prices are high, and their products are average at best.  You can do better elsewhere!
If I owned this location, I would fire everyone and start from scratch. There are two customers in the building and every table it's dirty. The staff lack social skills. Ihonestly forgot that I don't like this location, or I would have gone somewhere else.
I was just looking for a shop to pick up a coil for my atomizer and stopped in here. The service was awesome. I even tried some of the juice they make right there in the store and it was really good. I highly recommend the Synergy Berry Tea.. Its a best seller for a reason.
Went in for pizza and cheesy bread. Waited over 30 minutes for my food and the whole time no one told me what was going on. When I finally got.my food the pizza wasn't fresh and they never apologized for the wait or thanked me.
Personally know 6 people who have gotten sick from the burgers and/or chicken served at Urban Tap. Ate there last night with friends, and the two girls who ordered burgers have been vomiting non-stop, all morning.
Dropped in this evening. The fish stew with red snapper was tasty. Really loved the collards and sweet potatoes. Would go back for them alone. Server was helpful and food was quick considering move was made to order.
Best sangria ever.  Ever.....cool atmosphere and decent food.  Go for the sangria for sure-
I love this place! The staff is amazing and always makes you feel at home. I'm obsessed with their breakfast burritos. And the biscuits and gravy? Amazing!
The worse place ever. 90% of the machines are not working. I get the fact that most people in this city have their own machines and the only reason why I came here was to wash my comforters. But never again.
Good Hawaiian/Korean style food and good island people.
I wish they had other bread options (they have wheat BREAD but it's like as delicious as the french bread).\n\nFast service... Definitey can grab n go if you're in a rush.\n\nMy favorite is the BLT sandwich!
Ordered one sweet & one savory:\n-the monkey (added strawberries)\n-caprese\n\nReally hit the spot. :)\n\nPlus, they have cucumber & lemon flavored water.
There is something wrong when you try and use a shared branching system and you are told that you are second rate and will have to wait for all the other customers who are members to be helped before you will be helped
Will never have to call another locksmith - definitely a customer for life. Carmon was wonderful, timely, efficient and knowledgeable. With the affordable prices and excellent customer service, their is no need to call anyone else.
Can I give negative rating? This rental location was supposed to pick me in the car repair shop. I waited for 40 mins and nobody showed up. I called and got only a voice message. I need to go back home. Still waiting and it is 5:40pm now.
Rude staff. Always screw up online orders. Never ready on time.
OMG this place is sooo cute!!! By far the best coffee I've ever had, ask for a fredo cappuccino. The strawberry ice cream is my fav. The staff is so friendly and welcoming. I'm definitely coming back.
Excellent service, great food, beautiful restaurant. The waitstaff were incredibly friendly and professional. I felt like a queen. All the meat were soo good, I could not find anything to complain.  The fried bananas were so yummy and the flan dessert was to die for.  Definitely worth every penny!
I have lunch here all the time. The veggie wrap, Greek breakfast burrito and the caprese sandwich are terrific. They serve great local coffee and desserts too. The meeting room in the back can be reserved for small groups (say 10-15). Friendly staff and locally owned.
Awesome food, pizza is loaded with cheese and good quality toppings. Beats pizza hut anyway!
I love this place! They have something on the menu for everyone; healthfood for the fit, waffles and pancakes for the kids, and superb omlets, bagels, and jalapeno bacon for the rest of us!
This is my 5 star pizza, thin, pan, stuffed, wings... sandwich... We never had any bad experiences.  Staff is always cheery, prompt, not over your shoulder every 5 minutes...My only complaint to corporate owners is get busy building in the West Valley!! Not just 1 location!
Yay Vegas Pink Taco!  I love you and will always stop by for margaritas and chips when in Vegas.
Outdated and mediocre, did not live up to the Diners Drives and Dives hype.  Wouldn't eat there again although it wasn't terrible.  Service was also average.
Not the safest one in the world, had a guy walk up on me for some money. People just standing around not going any where never a great sign. And they always forget your straw.
Blech. How can you mess up a turkey dog? I could've nuked mine at home and it would've tasted better than this. I won't be back. Also, I ordered a meal in the drive through and they forgot the fries.
Service was very slow. The prime rib cut I got was over cooked and cold. Don't think I'll be returning.
This cafe is terrible! The drinks are just as expensive as starbucks but don't taste half as good!! The staff is extremely rude and have major queen attitudes, stick with the starbucks across the street. 1 star because it looks pretty on the outside.....
Prices are fair but average for a corner store or pharmacy. Delivery is great and definitely quick. Would love to see more bundles if at all possible. That's my only mark against them. Otherwise a great service for a craving in a pinch.
Very basic and nit very good. plastic scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage...Fruit, cereals, and ughurt...Kind of like a high school cafeteria. Really bad when you compare it to M.
The wait for a squat rack is ridiculous, suggested they get some more but to no avail.
Another 5 Star Rating!  Jeff was everything everyone else has said.  Reliable, friendly and great work at a very fair price.  He's the kind of guy you are not only glad fixed your lock needs, but that you met!
Great place to eat lunch and get a cup of coffee or ice cream. Kid friendly with a couple of high chairs available. Always friendly and always good. Great place to stop in if you are in McFarland.
The only thing amazing was how sweet my bartender was. The beer i ordered had a 3 inch head and when i mentioned it, i guess it was company policy. The basket of onion rings were good and bit salty but way over-priced. Ill give you guys another try.
The guys that own this place are awesome! They have great classes!
Got the traditional Gyro and chicken skewer plate.  I'd go for the Gyro over the skewer but both were pretty decent.  Not a fan of their hummus and the Greek salad was just ok.  Rice was good though.
Very nice place if you love soul food.  Loved especially the catfish.  All food was fresh and the hot food was indeed piping hot.  Great service as well.  Will be coming back there when possible!
I'm in total agreement....good service, tasty and inexpensive food (2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 drinks, plus a huge Greek Salad:  just under $30).  Great find!
A nice cozy restaurant with a very nice staff. The food was just ok. It's like Jamaican/organic fusion. It was a little to trendy. And, not enough food.
Great place, great service and friendly people
Beautiful, clean, large studio - teacher was Sandra & she was great!  Staff very friendly.  Definitely a Hot, Power Yoga Class if that's what you're looking for.
Way way way to expensive for what you get! Food was good and service was good but for what you get go to any other place and get way more bang for your buck!!
The atmosphere is like any other chain sports bar, service was bad, and I don't think I will be returning. Nothing stood out about this place with so many other great options just a block away.
Nice, nice, nice! Clean and high technology in rooms! Nice pool!
I thought this place was ehhh.. I only tried the teriyaki wings and they were actually pretty good but nothing special! They came in such a huge portion that I had leftovers for later. I didn't try anything else but I don't think I'd stop by again just because I think I can find a better place.
Our server Adrian, was well versed in the ingredients of cocktails and all entrees.  Manager Stephanie even added more details about Guy's and ensured we had a fantastic birthday celebration at our table of 5.   Presentation and quality of food was outstanding.   See pictures on this site for details.   Great night.
It's always clean and well maintained. I've never run into rude movie goers at this location. More often than not this is my theater of choice.
Absolutely fabulous. Our waiter, Adam, was great. The food was great. I'd go back here in a heartbeat.\nThe heirloom tomato salad may be the best thing i've ever eaten.
Overpriced, ordinary, and greasy. Not even the kind that you know is bad for you but you just can't help yourself. The kind that IS bad and you kick yourself for shelling out the extra dough.
Not acceptable to be closed in the morning on Game Day! Multiple people coming by while I'm writing this negative review trying to get in, wow.
Back again every week or so. The food is just delicious. everything has a home made taste. The prices are ridiculously cheap. You should give this place a try.
So many choices, and it all looked so good. Mine was very tasty and the staff was friendly and helpful. I will be coming back.
they rush.  not personable.  when you're done you don't exist. did I say they rush? thumbs down.  I will never come back. shame!
Favorite sushi spot in chandler! Could use some better lunch specials tho!! Maybe a Poke salad like RA... Just sayin
I've always enjoyed Port of Subs, but this place needs an overhaul.  Although it was clean, my sandwich had a taste of Pine Sol or some cleaning product.  My guess is that the counter-top where they made my sandwich had been cleaned with some sort of cleaner, I ended up throwing the sandwich away....
The food was good, The tables were nice. No better or worse than other Indian places I suppose. The guy with the paint-brush mustache was fun to look at. The server with the shaved head I felt got a little too familiar with us but it wasn't too bad.
First time eating here and it was not bad.  Decent selection of foods... love the Asian cuisine.. dumplings and sesame seed buns!  Prime rib was good.. a perfect pink.  Service was on point and friendly. Crab legs are cut in half making it super easy to eat.
Innovative cocktail menu, and one of the most stunning atmospheres on the strip.  Definitely stop in to get at least one nice drink here and take in the scenery. A lot of the over the top things in vegas err on the side of...tacky.  But this is truly unique and really quite beautiful.
This is a big park in the middle of the city.\n\nThat is nice.  \n\nThe dog park here is LAMER THAN LAME CAN BE!  There is ZERO grass only gravel and no drinking fountain.   Worthless.
Excellent food, portions and value!!!  Don't let the unconventional locale fool you...Definitely a must-stop whenever in the 7th St & McDowell vicinity.  Go for any of the asada and pollo plates and nachos...You won't be disappointed!
The place was not hard to find at all just follow the smell once on the third floor. The pizza quality was average at best. I would not go back there is average pizza on the strip.
Tire d'\u00c9rable? What not to like? But overall these macaroons taste more sugar than real authentic flavors.... Ladur\u00e9e or Pierre Herm\u00e9 or nothing....
Awesome food. Awesome drinks. Awesome views. The food is pretty pricey for what it is though. They DO NOT offer locals a discount either.  Recommend going at happy hour when the appetizers and drinks are half off.
They do have some really cute stuff, but this whole new pricing thing...it blows.\n\nThings were so much more less expensive before...\n\nHowever, if they'd follow suit with other JCP's and add a Sephora...I'd be there weekly!
Consistently better over the past couple years. Hard to give any corporate pizza joint a 5 star rating, but they are definitely a good place to pick up some inexpensive eats.
Yeah, I love Blizzards. Unfortunately the price keeps going up and up and the newer mini size is a total rip off. Gotta say I've never tried their food, and I have no real desire to.
It was great.  Tables and demos all over the convention center, but not spread out too far.
Food was really good. We went on a Thursday night where they have 2 for 1 appetizers (helluva lot of food). \nThe service was also great. I will be visiting a lot more often.
I have eaten here twice now. Both times the service Fast & friendly, the place was clean and good pizza is consistent so far. Fairly priced. Eat here.
Great. Food and drink prices.  A gem in the desert.
Need a break from the bright lights and LV craziness? This is a great alternative.  In the emerging \"arts district\".  We really enjoyed a nice bottle of wine and tapas on the laid back patio.  Even easily accessible from the upgraded bus system in Las Vegas.  A great, pleasant surprise.
My friends and I were visiting Vegas and wanted to sing our hearts out so we decided to try this place. Great service and atmosphere. We'll definitely be coming back.
Do not even go here if you want Starbucks. They only ever have 1 barrista on at the star bucks.... and the few they have are the SLOWEST EVER!!! You might be able to get your coffee AFTER you grocery shopping is over.....
Crappy bar. The bartenders are SO RUDE.  They don't really check Ids though so this is a happenin' spot if you're under 21. Just avoid the vomit in the bathroom.
I really enjoyed the burger joint. The sandwich was great and to be honest leaves you wanting more. I enjoyed my experience.
Great place!  Very clean, friendly, fast.
I went to the new location awhile back and it is okay.  If you like bbq then this place has to be on your list to try in Las Vegas.
The food was good, but I've had better and the prices were higher than the better that I've had.  This was table wine in a champagne flute.  I won't be back.
Probably 4 stars on a normal day but I had such a blast at the Yelp charity brunch they hosted.  Pancakes are genuinely terrific.
This was a delivery that I ordered. It took 40 minutes for our order and the food was below par.The pancakes for my moo shu were like paper.The actual moo shu was average. It was disappointing to say the least. I will not be ordering from here again.
Poor customer service. The people there are lazy. They forgot my napkins and didn't put cheese on my side when I clearly told them that I needed it. The manager didn't do anything for me I am never coming back there again
Don't get your keys made here - they never work.  3 different times this has happened. Not a fluke.
If your expecting high quality Mexican food this place isn't it, but the food is decent. I would have given it three stars but the last time I ordered food here when I got home and opened my bag's our order was completely wrong.
Ridiculous burgers. Love'em! Enjoy. \nSeriously good burgers and fries. Don't miss out.
They need to open a second location in Downtown Scottsdale ASAP.  $2 for a delicious ice cream sandwich.  Not to give them any ideas, but my girlfriend said she would have paid $4.50 for that awesome dessert.  YUM!
Loved it, everything is fresh and delicious, yes u can't be in a rush here but they take their time to explain what they offer so u know that u will enjoy it.  It's breakfast, take your time so u can enjoy the rest of your day, we will!!!
Had the housemade fresh guacamole, canteen French fries and the house margarita and they were absolutely delicious and on their happy hour so great prices! The service was on point and the ambience and decor was great! Definitely see myself coming here more often
Terribly understaffed. Food ordered at reasonable time, but beverages were still not brought 25 minutes after being sat. Not exaggerating I was on an hour lunch break I was watching the clock. Can say much for the food because we had to leave before it was ready. May try for dinner but never again for lunch!
The place is very nice and the service is good. However, the food is not different from a regular Chinese restaurant and overpriced.
I got the chicken and veg bowl. It was so bad that I threw most of it away. It's drenched in sugary sauce, and the chicken still has tendons and fat on it. Not great al all.
Best Chinese food!!! Good delivery service, just love it!
Get the streak frites.  That is all you need to know.
Amazing customer service. Quick, friendly, great car selections and they give you the option to  choose which car you would like from their lot. Fast shuttle to take you to the airport. Can't believe how smooth and fast everything went.
I booked a massage here because I couldn't get into my normal spot, and I wasn't disappointed.  He did a great job checking in throughout the massage to make sure the pressure was adequate (I often find it isn't).  John uses hot stones and aromatherapy in the massage, which helped me relax even more.
I have visited this location twice, both times everything was delicious and service was great. I would definitely recommend them to anyone their cakes are absolutely fantastic.
Variety is on average, no wow dishes, and all the food is prepared just about how you'd expect. No surprises, good or bad. It was busy, but I'm not sure why.
Very loud, and overwhelming environment.  Personally I found it rather stressful, I guess it depends on your tastes.  The food was reasonably priced and tasty.  A good place to take kids, since the noise would easily drown out any tantrums they might throw.  I guess that is a positive, right?
closed 07-13-13
I have noticed that most of the reviews focus on their pizza. It's great. I wanted to give a shout out to their subs as well. I had the Mamma Mia special and it was a great sandwich. Stuffed with meat and with roasted peppers, it was a sub that I would return to enjoy again.
You get what you pay for.  But here, its actually true.  Excellent value, they don't rip you off.  And, it has all of the standard gym equipment I expect in a gym.  It helps that they have a lot of locations.
I came for the second Welcome to Nightvale performance in Phoenix, and it was soooo great. The people were nice, the place was tidy, even if the food was a bit pricey. But being a theater, you kind of expect that. I will definitely be coming here for more of my favorite performances.
I've been here too many times that I feel that the only reason I will manage to obtain my degree was thanks to Dutch Bros. Bless this place.
They are great!  I went in for TMJ and head pain and they were able to diagnose the issue and fixed the issue while a doctor had to refer me to my dentist to get treatment.
My all time favorite bar of all time. I frequent here at least 3-4 times a week. I have been doing that for about 4 years now. I will never stop coming here. Amazing drinks, food, beer selection, and most off all the staff! Keep it up Casey's.
I just got my hair done at Dean of Shadyside Salon with Valerie. My cut was amazing. She listened to what I wanted out of my hair cut and gave me advice on what I should do to achieve the look I wanted as well. \nI was so excited about my cut, I re-booked for cut and color.
Quirky interior, clearly popular and possibly the best priced pot of tea in town.\n\n\n Could maybe do with opening past 18:00.
Good Sushi\nWay too noise!!!!!
Bad bad bad.. got the vegetarian was so looking forward to this. Sauce was watered down no flavor..crust tasted unbaked . Even giving this one star is one star to much
All the yogurt and toppings here are great! The only thing they can work on is being a bit more clean. Other then that great customer service and good quality yogurt.
Absolutely the best view of the bellagio fountains and the food and service are amazing. Dont skip the green beans.
Came for a birthday party and I was so nervous because I can't paint. Melissa was amazing! She was kind and gave great instruction. The wine and food tasted good as well and I left with a beautiful picture! I'll be back!
Card reader at the pump doesn't work to well.  Plus they have only 4 pumps. Dont stop if you are in a rush to get gas because you need cash and time.
just like the one at chandler fashion center...everything is expensive... a showroom for amazon!
Traditional Greek Cuisine\n\nHummus and Salads are great here!   I go here about 3 times a month, the big salads are a fav.  Pomegranate chicken salad is a bit over priced, I learned to make this at home.  \n\nGO GREEK!
Food ok...customer service crappy. very pushy even when no one is in line. will not be going back.
I have eaten here 3 times now. Each time I keep hoping I will like it more and more. Nope. I really liked the ranch tamitillo dressing, but the meat was not as tasty. The pork was too sweet for me.
I thought the food and service were Good as one expects from a buffet. Possible I have been spoiled by Hu Hut in Colorado.
Wings, pizza, beer. Nothing really stood out so I guess it was just A-OK. Service was great, but we were the only ones there! Lol.
Cool place. \nAuthentic quality food, friendly service. Great location. \nHighly recommend - especially for those who are tired of the cookie cutter mounded melted cheese places.
The food was okay. I'd like to give them more stars, but I could get the same quality at a quiznos or subway. I wouldn't recommend going out of your way for a sandwich here, but if your in the area it's acceptable.
Had out of state family in & they were on central time & very hungry.  We were told 15 MIN and it was almost 1hr. Had to ask for crackers while the food was fixed to pacify the baby. Food was great, just bad timing on our part and bad estimation their part. Will return obviously
I am just reviewing some of my. . well, reviews. . .and wanted to say this place is still my fav Las Vegas Chinese food.  It is just delicious and my mom and I still go there,  split the orange chicken and enjoy every bite.  Perfect amount for the two of us even though we often feel compelled to order more.
Updated review.. I noticed employees cleaning in areas that were left unclean before. The Internet connection is better. Much better. And it felt good to try some fresh muffin samples. Thanks 4 listening.
great atmosphere and staff but food was subpar
Always a good time. Excellent set up for any weather situation. They tend to have live music on Fridays and Saturdays. The Wine Vault sells local beers an wine ice cold available for purchase by the glass and bottle. Very knowledgeable staff and chill atmosphere. Dog and kid friendly as well.
Try them on Tuesday block party @ LINQ.  Get 1/2 off tacos and 2 for 1 Margaritas.  Tacos are meaty.  If you like spicy this is the place!  I lllloooovvvveeee spicy; although not everyone does.
The location is very convenient and the prices are never bad, but finding good things can be a hit or miss depending on the day, and it's not the cleanest thrift store.
I would say give -1 star most pathetic food. service was worst never take the buffet u wait for the food in the queue and they reheat the food nothing was fresh !! Meat smells bad never go
I love this place!  They have so many different flavors and the price is really reasonable.  I like to order mine with ice cream.  The only gripe I have is that they haven't figured out how to be more efficient and often I have waited 45 minutes for my shaved ice after I've ordered.
haunted and paranormal groups love this place. spooky photos. beautiful architectural features, a true showplace of vintage pittsburgh. Ghost hunting during october, must see.
Their service was attentive . We ordered their pancakes with bananas and walnuts .The order came with two small pancakes but instead  the bananas and walnuts were served on top on the pancakes.  The compost was very thick and way too sweet. Their price was reasonable but potion a little on the small size
This place rules! It's just great BEER, WINE, and CHEESE ... plus now they have a cozy COUCH for cuddling, and it draws a diverse CROWD. Five stars for my  five favorite things.
I absolutely love this place! Their euro fries are amazing. And the man who works there remembers me and my order every time! I think that's impressive hehe.
Great food!  Tried the mild wings and the Frickin huge margarita pizza - flavor was great, portions matched the name. Teresa made us feel welcome and guided us well. Diners drive ins and dives served us well.
Awesomeness.  Pure Awesomness.
This is what makes a trip to montreal complete.  They have their staple of smoked meats on a platter, sandwich etc.  and ask for fatty cuts if u like that.  No frills environ.  Service is quick and you come in for the smoked meat and you leave content.
Jena's skin care treatments have been great. From my own visit and sending my gf there several times, we have nothing but great things to say. She is very knowledgeable and polite, a great experience all around.
Very good Replica of the real one ...beautiful picture spot..
This place is like Disneyland for my karaoke inside parts! Drinks, loud music, a fuckkin tambourine bruh!?!? Say wwhaaaaa I am all in!!!
Mediocre food, minimal menu and poor customer service. I love Chinese food and live around the corner but can't go back here.
Great Hatch spicy Beans, Queso Fundido is hot and spicy love the spinach enchiladas. It's pretty good food.
Great place for bulk items like Costco without the annual membership.  Some items are comparable like the giant chub of ground beef.
Great supermarket...has most foods that you need from around the world at really good prices
I had trouble with my battery and had a good idea that I needed another one. I came here, someone tested the battery, I bought a new one and they installed the new one for free.\n\nThe check and installation as I said was complementary. Friendly service and no pressure sales will have me coming back.
Good food, Service is usually a hit or miss. I do feel some of their add on items tend to feel like your being nickel and dimed
The service here blows!!! The two woman bartenders seemed like they were more concerned with their cell phones than their customers. Very rude and unfriendly service. It was my first time and needless to say I wont be back. Take my advice, keep driving right on by!!
Unorganized and had a lack of details before the event, like how many drinks you get.
Horrible Food! Very bad services! I want to do -5 star
What can I say, its a Waffle House. I have spent a lot of time in these establishments while living in the south and this one in the west is the same.  If you want a good down home meal, this is a great place. No ambiance, but that is not why you go to a Waffle House.
Not a bad Mc Donald's as far as this chain goes. I've visited this location multiple times. The food is hot and service is speedy. The staff is courteous.
Good food..Service was pretty bad but I'll go back because everyone deserves a chance to redeem themselves :)
Great guacamole and salsa. The tacos were great. So much better than La fiesta. Fast and Friendly service. They also have a tortilla maker as well. Pretty neat.
Great authentic Mexican food. It was very hole in the wall and place and looked dirty but the food was great!! The tortillas were the best I've ever had at a restaurant. It wasn't located in the best of locations, but next time I'm in Phoenix I'll be sure to stop by.
The service was great! Anthony was our server and he was very attentive and accommodating and customize a dessert order. Service was fast. Got seated right away. The entree was typical American food, but the dessert was delicious. Would come back here for dessert.
Love love love Buzzberry's iced chais! They're such a treat during those 100+ degree afternoons. I've come here at crazy hours in the morning and late afternoons and I have had nothing but the best service. All the employees are fantastic and greet me with a smile and friendly hello!
Nice plan for kids to get their energy out! Clean & the staff is very friendly. $11 for each kid for 1h... a little pricey.
Maybe their dogs are better, but breakfast sandwiches at Nathan's are disgusting! The English muffin was spongy, the eggs greasy, the bacon undercooked... And all premade and wrapped ready to melt together into mush with the cheese. Yuck!!!
Awesome, honest advice.\n\nI called them and spoke to an attorney directly. He told me I didn't even need his services and helped me with the process of paying my citation online !\n\nNo joke !
I can't get my leg in any of this stuff.  So I guess if your a small petite size women, this store might work for you!\nOnly thing I could fit is a purse!  lol
Had a great time at k ville essie is an awesome flair bartender.  No food just drinks today but il always give 5 stars when and where its due.
This place has crappy customer service. They forgot part of our order from tonight. When we called to get it corrected the manager was rude and unhelpful.
Opened 24 hours...I'm not sure how good a sandwich can get, but at 4am and drunk off our butts....this place hits the spot for our cravings.\n\nCheap, Yummy, and Fast!
This might be my new fav breakfast spot; smells like moms chicken grease, next to a beauty shop, and gospel on the radio should be good. Food didn't dissapoint.
Disappointed... Went in with a friend, my coffee was quite bitter, and the service was unpleasant. It took 30 min to get our sandwhich while other customers walked out with their food in hand. This is my second bad experience so I doubt I will be returning. :(
Went for breakfast today. The food was typical breakfast food. The bacon was good but not anything special. What really turned me off was Fox News playing on the tvs. Completely made me lose my appetite and shouldn't be on at a restaurant unless you know your only customers are idiots.
Apparently a reservation at this location only guarantees a \"minimum 1-2 hour wait before a car is available.\" Seeing the other reviews, this seems to be common. Save your time and stay away from this sham of a business.
Always delicious. We are known by name here and always get great service. Awesome location.
Our \"go to\" Thai lunch place for years... The food is always good and the service is prompt and consistent.
Amazing! Get the Pollo Laredo -I get it every time and everyone at the table always wishes they went for it! Excellent restaurant!
High-end shopping, and i try not to spend any more here because i'd probalby kick myself in the arse afterwards. But it's nice to roam around and window shop. Other than that I don't want to try to afford anything in this place... It's for all those high-rollers.
Stopped in for breakfast during a layover.  Compared to other airport food it's actually pretty good.  My only real complaint is that they don't have fresh eggs, come on!  All they have is \"pre-beaten.\"
Their facility was clean and the girls cutting hair seemed very professional. I needed a place that was open late and could get me in and out - This place did just that.
It was ok not the best breakfast and coffee ive had but overall it was good thanks for the coffee
The worst place to go if u are black & handicap. They want you to produce your birth certificate , handicap placard but that stays in the car so you can park in the handicap this has happen every time I've gone there.
Toddy is the best I have had in Phoenix. Have had several food options and have never been disappointed.
First and Last time!!! I just got food delivered and it was terrible. I found a big black hair in my chicken, I'm a blonde so definately not mine. The ribs were mostly fatty, and the curry sauce was nasty. So disappointing
This is a great Trader Joe's. They are always sampling chips and dip or some other food. Workers are also knowledgeable about products.
good small venue to see good bands.  place gets crowded so get there early for a good seat.
The custom-made my chai tea latte without any sweetener and it was the best I've ever had.  I got to hang out for 2-1/2 hours to do work while traveling and felt welcome the entire time.  Good tunes at a good volume and nice place to work and drink chai.
Bitter nasty old men at gun counter. Manager Ken is the sorriest excuse for a. Customer service representative that I ever have seen went into purchase to A.R. 15's at approximately $4000 walk out an hour later without receiving any help whatsoever called corporate and the stores regional manager waiting for response
I just can't say enough about Harvest. Their Greek salad was amazing...the lettuce was so crisp and the dressing was awesome!\nIt's in far North Scottsdale but it is worth the drive if you don't live close.
Stopped in for lunch & it will be the last time.  The food was very mediocre and  unattractive.  My husband had a hot roast beef sandwich & it was very bland. My salad was a little better.
If you are interested in a variety of greasy food in an \"ok\" setting for an \"ok\" price then this is your place. Looks pretty run down. A variety of choices, but none that looked all that fresh... felt sick when I left. Two stars because my husband loves it.
One star because the service was good. The food was the most awful Hunan I have eaten.  Sauce on the orange tofu was a gelatinous mess. Rice wasn't terrible, but I could not stomach to eat more than a few bites of the tofu.
It is located by the Monte Carlo hotel, so we came here often whenever we wanted to get an alcoholic slushie! Love that they let you sample to your hearts content. I really like the strawberry daquiri and the mango one! Yummy.
They are awesome!! They take their time with you and are very honest. I had a design in mind for my gel nails and the technician explained that the gel polish can make the design smudge. Really happy with their work and you can't beat their prices:)
Great for a family or buddies enjoying a bear, love the atmosphere and the food is amazing, saw this place on drive in dinners and dives, everything was perfect I'm surly going back this week, lolas= my new addiction
Food was delicious and super cheap.  I loved the Pad Thai and the pork skewers were so good I actually ate pork, which I never do.  People are friendly and there are a lot of other yelpers there.
So I went back to Yama and the service was horrible. The wait staff was not attentive and it almost seemed like we were inconveniencing them by eating at their restaurant. Not cool.
so far this is the best chinese buffet i've been to in phoenix. great selection and the meats seem higher quality than others i've been to.
The pharmacy person named Jennifer only Asian girl working there today was beyond rude and arrogant.  Avoid this place for meds the are incompetent of being helpful.
was just ok.
Fantastic burgers on the strip. In my opinion it's a good bang for your buck. Especially in Vegas. Get it crunchified. Which means adding chips inside the burger. That's free. Plenty of choices and combinations.
Horrible service for the 3rd time at the bar..old chicken wings chewy and chewy calamari. bartenders there are rude and indifferent. Never again
They ran out of the peach tea flavor they advertised on TV. It was only noon. We got some other flavors and it was just okay...
Atmosphere pretty good.  Had the fish and chips, good portion and fresh cod. Had an early lunch so I can't comment about the atmosphere during busy time. Give this place a try, great location in downtown Chandler.
3.1/5 Stars - Pizza is slightly above average if you consider pizza hut average. The best one on the menu is the meatball pizza. As for the comments regarding service my experience has been the complete opposite. I go in there once a month and the cashier has always been very nice to me.
AVOID this company.  Very slow service.  I would give them 0 stars. If you want to get to the airport on time you're better off taking a cab. Must book return trip a day in advance.  Not refunded for unused return trip (reason was a nonexistent disclaimer).
Mike Thai - Resurrected\n\nMenu is the same.   Went there before the grand opening.   Food was good.  Not sure if it was up to the previous excellence of Mike's.   Anxious to get back there and try a few more of my favorites.
We've been driving past this for over and finally decided to give it a go. Soo glad we did. Very nice interior and atmosphere. Excellent quick and friendly service. Food was great and the price was incredibly reasonable. Family friendly as well. Overall a great experience and will return often.
Awful.   Zero stars.  1 hour wait for a reservation and all staff were rude or indifferent.
A bit overpriced but that's likely because it's a chain.  Food is good and so are drinks.  Good atmosphere for a date or group of people.
It was a great experience at Prism CPR Training Center.  Tom is a great instructor\nand he knows his info inside out.   I would recommend this center for BLS/CPR classes.   And I will definitely go back in the future for renewal courses!
Went here to get some cookies for a friend. The drive thru person Lamoni, sucked and couldn't tell the difference from coffee to her asshole, also a car broke down in the drive thru.
Messed up my whole order, the drink they gave me was watered down they also never gave me my receipt! Never going to this location ever again.
This place is ok. I've only ever tried breakfast bagel sandwiches. The bagels are good. Eggs have no flavor, not even salt and pepper. Customer service could be way better. Outdoor seating is a bonus.
Not good Chinese food.
they order the same damn items, spread it out and say \"we can't find the room!\" worst excuse of customer service ever! and this is the second time i had an issue with a non-stocked item! wtf cvs??
Lady Di and I are still looking for the best Sports Bar in Arizona. 4th floor was very surprising. TVs are great, the pizza is amazing. I had the Rebel IPA, delicious! \nWe'll be back!!!
Very aesthetically pleasing atmosphere and the bowls and smoothies are delicious. I got the PB bowl and it was awesome! And it was healthy as well. Recommend to give this place a try
Amazing food and great atmosphere! This is our go to place in Central Phoenix!
Got my Lancome fix here.  Only $10 for one of their Juicy Tubes.  Best deals were the gift sets, but those aren't for me.  Not a big space, but definitely a bunch of merch.
Had a friend tell me that this place was great!  I went there this morning for breakfast.  We have been meaning to go.  Was so not inpressed.  Service had something to be desired.  My benedict was cold, and pretty bland. 2 average meals, sm oj and milks for 35.00.  Thanks but no thanks.
A great spot for dinner salads.  I didn't love my Cobb salad but the Asian chicken salad is bigger and tastier.  I found the soup too salty but the samdwhich was great and full of veggies as well.
probably the biggest let down in the Cosmo.
Good Food, great lunch specials at a great price.
I have been to this place over 10 times...  I am sad to say the food is getting worst and worst...  What gives?  Each time we go, I hope it gets better.  Nope...  The service has gotten worst too.  Hum, I might not return again...  But my husband loves the place...
We love this place! Quaint, clean, good food and great wine selection by the glass...must have the fried ravioli!
For a pharmacy on the Strip, the service was terribly slow and all checkers had long lines.  This is on the boring side on the street; there is a Walgreens on the other side.  Once again, no one offered me or asked me about a their ExtraCare discount card.
good on a hot day
As usual they slop a whole bunch of secret sauce so you can't taste the beef or the rest of the sandwich.  I had the new advertised Rueben and sure wasn't impressed.
The lady that runs this will certainly nickel and dime you, and rip you off as she did us !
bagel is too doughy, just like white bread. French toast raw in middle. Steak was rare (asked med rare). Coffee was lukewarm. Hash browns raw and soggy.  SKIP IT.
The waits at the drive thru used to be terrible, however recently it doesn't seem that bad. I like to get the grilled chicken... it's pretty tasty.
Solid choice for Mexican food.  The best item I've had here is the Lisa Special, a large, buttery grilled quesadilla with chicken, green chile, and cheese.  The family that works here is friendly and eager to please.  Service was very good!
Those bacon wrapped dates are amazing! Love the downtown location.
Although this place is small when compared to other restaurant it seats everyone comfortably. The lightings and ambience is very nice. Sushi starters are delicious and there was only one chicken entree on the menu.
This place food is over salted and the staff here are incometent. This is NOT a substitute to chipotle.
It's geared towards and older crowd or a \"family friendly casino\"  there is a bowling alley and a food court and a children's play area. It's like a corner of its a mall and the other end cheap dining plus casino.it was okay I probably won't go back again.
This starbucks is awful. They don't listen when you're ordering don't apologize for having to repeat yourself 5 time. Their rude and unworthy of my business.
Drinks 4/5\n\nFood 4/5\n\nService 5/5\n\nUnadulterated Fun 5/5\n\nParking 5/5
Service is fast and friendly. We really liked our server, who checked in with us frequently. \nThe food was good, and hot. The only thing that could be improved is that the salad had visible wilt.
Very nice and clean. I like the staff friendly and good service. I Iike the morning breakfast. My family member like to stay here whenever they visit me.
Personally I like McDonald's better.  I had a cheeseburger with tator tots and the flavor was lacking.  The chicken strips were good.  My son loved those.  I was so excited to try Sonic for the first time and was greatly disappointed. Maybe we will try something else next time we are near a Sonic.
I love this place! The food is just delicious! I cant resist this place! I always come back for more!
This is a must for anyone who lives in Charlotte and its a great place to brings friends who are in town visiting.  A true Charlotte landmark.
There are A LOT of steakhouse's on the Vegas Strip and this one stands out! The prices are not as expensive as some of the others but you get the quality your looking for in a good aged steak! The service was great as well.
The food is good.  They put a little thought into their offerings.  If you like meat, I recommend you avoid the 'mock\"; no matter the form, mock does not taste like chicken.  If you're a mock eater, you already know Green.\n\nMike
It's bad. It's so bad that I don't know what else to say. The food is junk. Service is non existent. I left one star because I've had worse buffets in Vegas. This one is not the worst.
First time there.  Ordered from lunch menu.  Very extensive and priced reasonably.  Service was very good!
It's a Starbucks, what more can you expect? The location is decent, inside the Westin hotel and it only gets crowded in the morning hours. There is comfy seating, you can also take your drink over to the bar area on the first floor or sit at one of the slot machines.
Solid breakfast eats, and the only place convenient to the Las Selmas residential area.
If you're in a pinch, this works. I suspect all the spots in this part of the terminal are owned by the same company as everything, from booth to booth looks pretty much the same. My thoughts, it would be hard to screw up a bagel and cream cheese, and that is pretty much all I ever order.
Love the atmosphere. My favorite place to have breakfast. Food is consistently good, but always takes a long time to receive food and coffee. Take your laptop and enjoy the free wifi in their living room after eating.
Fun if you like after parties. However, it we got the most horrible service ever.
The food's visually stunning and beautiful; however, once you get down to eating its quite bland. In a strange way I felt swindled.\n\nMy initial rating was a \"1\" star; however, the very reasonable prices and large portions forced me to make an adjustment.
For the first time in my life, I sent my meal back to the kitchen. The Corn Beef in the Corn Beef and Cabbage tasted really bad and felt like I was chewing gum. Avoid that plate at all costs
We visited for my 40th and were happy with the hotel.  The standard room was clean and had a decent view. It was great for the price. Center strip location is ideal for walking around the strip.
Customer service is terrible! I went in to find a shirt and tried to ask for help but no one helps out or offers then the guy at the fitting room is terrible and doesn't ask if everything went well he just takes it and that's it come on really people
CLOSED for REMODEL. 07-13-13 \n\nNo mention of time frame when to open again.\n\nPhone has been disconnected. Suspect business is CLOSED, PERIOD!!
CLOSED :( \nThey're gone..gone..gone
We saw this on our first night in Vegas. It is one of the few musicals I would see again the next night if  I could have. Hilarious and outrageous. Entertaining from start to finish. Great discount was available at the ticket desk at the Venetian. A must see for anyone who loves the big hair music. 18+ age
come with college old friends' family for second time. we watch super bowl on second floors. as we ask the manager, they offer a karaoke room for us to watch the game. and have drink there. it was so nice for me and my friends' family. it was really enjoyable.
Great service from Sam. Food was fantastic and the menu gave plenty of choices. Will be heading back soon. Thanks again to Sam for the great service.
Restaurant sympa, la nourriture est bonne et originale mais l'ambiance est un peu froide et le service impersonnel.
I've been buying products from this store for well over ten years. This is the best guitar shop in scottsdale, period. Staff is very helpful and their prices beat guitar center almost every time. Their guitar repair is fair priced and excellent quality.
Any place that serves Corn Dogs and Banana Pudding is always a winner for me. Has one of the best Juke Boxes in the city. I have never had a bad experience here. Watch out for Friday and Saturday evenings because it gets busy fast.
Overall Fuel Pizza is a good franchise, but this location is terrible.  I will never go back. I have had too many terrible experiences.  The employees are outright rude. I cant believe this place stays in business.  The pizza is subpar as well. If you want fuel pizza go to one of their other locations.  Plaza Midwood is solid.
This is one of the better Goodwills I have been to.  The donation process is simple.  I have bought some really nice clothes for the kids, books and Halloween costumes.
This place was cool!  \n\nThe bummer is I got a skin infection from the laser tag.  I will say right now, I doubt i'll go back, and i'm probably only one of a few.  It still had to be said though, my trip to the ER wasn't worth being quiet about.
Bought some danzeisen milk here, wish your employees knew the differance between a quart and a half gallon, got charged for a half gallon but was given a quart. Never going back here again.
Food was ok. Atmosphere was terrible. Exactly 10 minutes after leaving I had to stop at a QT gas station due to an upset stomach and let's just say I'm not going back.
Hands down best thing to see in Vegas.
Chips and salsa is the only good thing about this place. Food is mediocre, service is below average. Which sucks because this place used to be decent.
Great variety of food excellent service! Only draw back is the size, small dining area
Nice clean place.  I have eaten their twice both times food was served at best just warm not HOT.  Will not return anytime soon.
Love this place! Go here all the time and always get Red Curry, Drunken Noodles, or Yupha's Fried Rice- YUM! Everyone is so incredibly nice and the food is always delicious. Is it bad that they know my name, work schedule, friends, and family now?! Love you Yupha's!
Good service, good ice cream and no wait when I came in. The prices are a little high, but you get a lot of ice cream. I recommend sharing a dish if your on a date rather then ordering 2 separate ones.
Bar stools too low. I travel on business and am usually on my own so I dine at the bar. I'm  six foot two and the plate was at my chin. Too bad I will not return.
Last minute Halloween costume shopping, they didn't have any of the costumes I wanted. Wario was nowhere to be found, unfortunately. Service sucked. The girl working there had moved like a snail and clearly didn't want to be there.
Seriously? No amphitheater seating?? 1988 called, they want their theatre back.
Lots of IMAX theaters here, Great popcorn, all the most current movies are always playing and it's removed from the strip (but only slightly) so there's not an issue with crowds.
Just ok breakfast.  All too often, I believe people mistake quantity for quality.....They just serve a truckload of potatoes and make them seem exotic by putting a little paprika on them.  Everything is ok, but average.
If you want real Chinese food, ask for the Chinese Chinese menu.\nOtherwise, you will have your typical American Chinese menu. \nWe went there twice we thought it was good. We would recommend the \ndry scallop, egg white fried rice, it's exceptional!
Food poisoning.  You know its bad when you call the restaurant to complain, and the board of health calls you back.
This place is amazing.  The atmosphere is cool, modern and retro at the same time.  The staff is very friendly, knowledgeable and attentive.  I love their cocktails.  I love the clams and the spicy shrimp pasta.  The olive oil cake for dessert is awesome too.  A must try!
Awful sushi! Not friendly at all. The waitress had such a bad attitude. Never again. Not even for free!!!!!!
Great comic shop, one of the top ones in the valley. Very good supply of the newest titles and a pretty good supply of back issues. Prices seem reasonable also.
This one is filled with students just sitting there all afternoon on their laptop.\nDon't really have an opinion on the drinks because it taste the same as every other starbucks
There's no bad seat in the house. The parking can be a bit pricey on game days. Pitt plays there too so you can get NCAA or NFL football.
Classic old school steakhouse next to Golden Gate in Freemont.  NY Strip amazing.  Onion soup really good as well.  We had been to Cut a few nights earlier and while this place isn't as fancy as that, the food was better and not as pricey.  I will return.
This place has amazing homemade crab bisque soup! My turkey sandwich was good too. Quick and loved the friendly staff.
I was disappointed because this place seemed really fun, but after standing right at the bar and being passed several times by a female bartender who clearly did not want to be there, we never got served so we left.
This was the worst chinese food place I have ever ordered from. The shrimp in the house rice was super fishy and the sesame chicken and soup was super bland. Needless to say, I wont ever be orsering from here again.
I have used this place twice in the last week and the service is great ! I will def be back !
I dont know why they are planning on rebuilding this stadium again because its one of the best spring training stadiums that there is.\nI always look forward coming here every year.\nBest seats are behind home plate in the 200's in the shade.
They have consistently good food and delicious fresh made chips with salsa. Great prices for what you get.
The mac and cheese is pretty creamy and goes well with the jenga stacked parmesan truffle fries. I also had a filet which was pretty tasty. I would come back!
The wings are to die for, atmosphere is nice, crowded but spacious enough to eat and be comfortable. I couldn't see the menu cause it's a little dark. Lol prices are great.
Long wait at Lotus of Siam so came here. Disappointment! The Basil fried rice did not even have basil in (maybe 2 leafs) and was not even fried. I ordered penang curry which had no spice even though I asked for spicy.
best buffet in the city. going to warn you all right now. its a little pricey but its worth it. the food here is nothing short of five star..go monday-thursday. i usually try to stay away during the weekends cause of the high amounts of LA people.
Need more seating, very cramped and difficult to study/work.   The pastries are dry, but the espresso is good enough.   I hope the location in Regent Square has more space.
Not bad at all. Liked that we had Paris next door and we were able to go from one hotel to another. Just about smack in the middle of the strip. \nWe'd stay there again.
Smaller than the ones in Utah.  Saw someone getting handcuffed by the police in front of the door.   Cleaner than other thrift stores in the area.  Book selection was good.
I peed my pants at one point.  Not proud of that, but it is the truth.  \nSo yep, I'm going back.  Can't ask much more from a haunted house!
I ordered the wings and fries from here recently and they were awful. The chicken was bland, season-less and incredibly dry. They give you a small cup of hot sauce  on the side instead of preparing the wings properly.\nThe only good thing I can say is that the delivery was fast.
Was 5 Star before killed Mac'n Cheese- bring back the O'Mac.
This place sucks if you're not friends with the bartender. They'd rather play music then watch the game with the sound of the game on
Very friendly employees. If i look like im searching for something, they are quick to ask or help out. I got a price check on a cat converter and they printed out the various makers and their cost. Parking lot was also empty so i didnt have to drive far for parking. Clean and near store as well
Honest, helpful, and friendly.
They definitely had improve over they definitely need more room back there times you have 5/6 people in a confine space. Then they are short handed. Shift supervisor for pharmacy is needed!
The Gold Guy is way more professional then I have every seen at any other gold buying store.   The team is very knowledgeable and they give the most money for jewelry then anyone else in the valley.   It was not a high pressure atmosphere which made me very comfortable!  Definitely recommend the gold guy.
Great beer selection. Ask the staff about any beer & you'll get an immediate response but the food is very average & over priced.
It has lanes made of asphalt and they are distinguished by paint.  For your health!
Best doughnuts = Krispy Kreme! And this location has wonderful friendly staff as well as being clean and well kept.
This is the best Mexican food restaurant I've eaten at in the Phoenix area. Their salsa and chips are outstanding. I order the ground beef tacos every time I come here. The service is friendly and attentive with no signs of  \"attitude\" which detracts from many Mexican restaurants around here.
= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =\n\nThis place has closed & a similar restaurant is now here in it's place.
The food is cook fresh and it taste delicious. The prices are really reasonable.
Cheap. Cheap. Cheap.\nFor the price the food tastes fantastic and fills you up nicely. It's perfect for students or for anyone needing something to eat during a quick lunch break.
The chicken caesar wrap and sweet potatoes fries are delicious.
I' m psycho for this place.  The sell cupcakes now! (Ollie Cake)  and have longer hours of operations I believe ( I want to say until 7?)  NOM NOM NOM.
Great gym, great equipment, and awesome/friendly staff.
This place was expensive! The tacos are small and over $2. If you want to add a side of rice, it's $2.25. Also, 50 cents per card transaction. Roberto's on Fort Apache and Tropicana, way better deal and food!
We eat here every time we're in Vegas.  The food is always perfect and the prices, considering the location, quality, service and celeb chef status, are super reasonable.  Go, order things that sound good to you and something that sounds crazy, too, and you'll be glad you did.
Excellent Food!!! Great views from the outdoor terrace and interior has many tables close enough to get great views, only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was lack of staff, but our waiter was very good! Definitely want to try this place :)
These hotels are always so clean and well maintained!! Great, friendly and helpful staff!!! Highly recommended!
Freddy is fantastic!  I needed a valve replaced in my toilet so it would flush and called Freddy who arrived within an hour on a Sunday and charged me less than half of what other plumbers were quoting me for a Sunday repair.  He's very honest and reliable...THANK YOU so much for your help today!
Delicious! Great customer service! Our first time there and it definitely will not be our last!
The best tamales on the planet. Really.
The food was pretty good, beers tasted like beers, well drinks tasted like slightly watery well drinks. Sweet bartender who was very attentive. Crazy expensive for happy hour fare and drinks. Probably won't be back.\n\nThis is more like a 2.5 star review
Fair warning! This company's name has been terminated by the Arizona department of Pest Management, this is NOT a licensed name to conduct business in the State of Arizona. Any citizen can contact the Arizona OPM office and check on any company or persons licence status at 602-255-3664
Travis did a great! job.....called him and within only a couple of hours notice...showed up...done/all works......left!  RECOMMENDED A+++
I always enjoy a nellos pizza when I'm on the go!  The last time I went the service was a little slow which wasn't ideal. Of course I will go back but am hopeful I won't have to wait as long.
Fun fun fun. Great food, good service, ice cold beer and a ninners bar what more can you ask for.
Great staff and the great taste of Popeye's!  So much more friendly and honest than the new S. Stephanie location. It's worth the extra ten minute drive to get great quality with actual customer service.
BEST SCREAMING ORGASM EVVVERR! The sushi is unique and yummy. The 50s dinner theme is odd, but staff is friendly. The food keeps me coming back every time I'm in town! Would defiantly recommend!
Always a great place to hang when waiting for a flight. I wish they would open up the bar like United.
Fern is high-end vegetarian dining (yes, in Charlotte!) that even non-vegetarians enjoy. It's the place where you take your omnivore friends who are willing to try vegetarian food but aren't crossing over anytime soon. The food is delicious, flavorful, and innovative.
Great tapas bar in aria..tuna and raspberry so amazing..the patron peppers were great..and loved the beet salad. .great tequilas too
Meh...
Horrible service, okay food, and crazy expensive even for being on the strip.
Went here because they were supposed to have a nice craft beer selection, which they did. However if I am going to buy premium priced beer I want it to be kept in a cooler and not just sitting out.  No, thanks, won't be back.
I ordered take-out a day in advance for a lunch meeting at work. The man who took my order was very helpful and easy to work with, and our order was perfect and so delicious. We got beef, chicken and lamb kebabs, and Greek salad. My co-workers loved it!
Meh.  Trinkets.  A few restaurants.  Best thing here is the tixforless outlet but these are everywhere.
Food.... So, so... skip.\nThere are better deals out there.\n\nThe service at the time we where here was good. Our waitress is a good singer. She sings Christmas carols.
I have lived in Anthem for 2 years and we are always finding new things to enjoy. Our country clubs are beautifully kept and kid friendly. My son enjoys lunch with his buddies after the gym and is treated like an adult. Everyone is smiles!
The food quality and service are much Lower than our expectation.\nToo pricy for nothing.\nI don't recommend this place.\nThey gave me the booth seat and it is very dirty also.\nDon't waste your money.
Wasn't a big fan of this place.the crab legs are served cold the gumbo wasn't very good,had a hard time getting served finally just gave up.
The price might be a little bit high($110 for 2 ppl), but the food is worth it. Love the oyster, eat 3 dishes of it. The Chinese food is good. And the cake is tasty. Oh, and I also love the ice tea in there
Beautiful place but poor casino service, in addition they charge resort fee.
Holler, love it every time.
Absolutely delicious!  One of, if not my favorite sushi place in town. Always great service both at the bar and table. Must try the casino royal roll.
Pastries are OK but not the best I've had in other places. The horrible customer service just makes everything taste even worse.  Not recommend this place unless you  desperately need a piece of cake.
I want to start off by saying that the restaurant is well put. The sandwhiches and smoothies are good, but apart from the pastry, there isn't really anything too special about it.
YES YES YES! I am there at least once a week. I love all the rolls and how they are different and very fresh. You can find me at the bar having all you can eat sushi and leaving fat and happy.
This is one of the best kept secrets in Vegas. Great food, big, open bar, great menu, and quality ingredients. This is the perfect place for meetings, corporate dinners.\n\nI have eaten here at least 10 times, and it is always empty because it is new.
Ummm, we're pretty sure my boyfriend got food poisoning here. That was the last thing we had eaten for hours, and the next morning he DEFINITELY had eaten something bad after waking up... yikes.
I guess the music was good but the food and service was very mediocre. The food tasted like it was processed from a factory. I would go back but just for drinks with friends. Food will have to be elsewhere.
Unique dishes. Great grits. Worth a try for sure!
Definitely one of my favorites. Surrender is beautiful and a must if you go to Vegas. Great ambience. Great staff. Great crowd. \n\nThere's nothing I can complain about here. Bottle service is quite a neat experience here I really enjoyed it.
Reminded me of the days of THE ED SULLIVaN SHOW. a series of acts assembled to create a full show.  all were enjoyable.
Great atmosphere the food is just ok but service was super!we will definitely return,
We've been going to That's a Wrap for years, but not often enough since they moved locations. They are very vegetarian friendly which is great!! They have a few specialty veg wraps but I love that you can sub tofu for meat on any of them.
You know the saying \"you get what you pay for\"?  Well, it applies to this place.  It is pretty cheap and the food is pretty bad.  Our server was very pleasant, however, which was a nice surprise.
One of the smallest airport in the U.S.  Flew here for a short layover to Greenville (GSP).  Can't really stand small airport since all the planes are so small and me being 6'4\" is very difficult to sit comfortably in my seat.  Next time I'll fly into big airports.
Found a great deal on an Graco infant car seat. The staff was friendly. Place is clean.
Good solid food. Ok atmosphere.
Can you say Dog Poop in your mouth? Cuz that's what you'll be thinking when your eating at this place. All these people hyped it up and compared this place to the Oh so delicious IN N OUT. Which is the best fast food burger on the planet. This place seriously gave me a stomach ache.
This place is so absolutely expensive.  They quoted me $200 just to clean a medium sized suede purse. I contacted a place in LA known for repairing designer shoes and handbags and they quoted around $50.
Good jukebox selection, but the tables here have seen better days.
The food is good, but more often than not, the wait staff is overwhelmed and orders get messed up and things take too long.
This restaurant BURNT DOWN recently (January)... I was devastated! They will reopen but didn't announce when...
the deathly thin blonde/redhead  girl that works here is just plain offensive.  i can hear you complain about \"stupid fucking foreigners\", i am not deaf.
I showed up at Biscuits Cafe with my wife and toddler five minutes before they closed on a Sunday. They were gracious in allowing me to sit and eat. They served me quickly and attentively and the food was awesome. The Ruben was amazing. Definitely a new favorite.
The recruiters at this location leave a lot to be desired. They post jobs with a current pay rate and then try to low ball you. I understand that they try to maximize their profits, but at least be realistic!  I would not recommend them for any technical job placements to to handle your job opening recruitment!
The Butternut Squash Tortelli is to die for.  If I could fall in love with a food, this would be it!
Tabletop version of shuffleboard (well it's close) is the main reason we come here for drinks and decent pub fare.  Service is usually decent, fried food and burgers are above average, and prices aren't terribly bad for Scottsdale.  Recommend: onion rings.
I want to like this place because it is near the house but the incredibly poor service makes that impossible.   With so many people out of work you would think they would be able to hire someone mildly competent.
They do not allow pit-bulls, pit mixes, or dogs that display similar characteristics! Do not support this company if they are willing to perpetuate stereotyping of dogs.
The service here was terrible.  Multiple waiters not knowing what each of them is doing.   However, the food WAS pretty good.  But don't go here if you are really hungry, the portions are quite small.  The view is really nice and the overall atmosphere was great.  They just need to get better at waiting on tables.
Great place get the Beef Tongue Stew whenever they have it.
So not worth the money to get in.  Would not recommend unless you're looking for a cramped spot that is overpriced.
If only I could rate it lower.  If you haven't eaten mexican food you might like this place.  Green sauce was burnt, salsa was boring, carne asada tasted like Italian food.  Sad.  I miss good mexican food.  :(
We had the Sunday Breakfast/Brunch Buffet.  Very good!  Great coffee and service.  Kinda expensive for breakfast but considering the quality and variety, it was worth it.  Can't wait go eat there again, when its warmer, outside on the patio.
Great food\nOnly one problem\nI don't like is that they put the silverware in a tin in the center of the tables. People cough, and talk over it which makes it not sanitary.
Above average location. Staff was friendly and attentive, food was solid and cooked as ordered. No wait when we arrived. Their 4 for $15 menu is great! Soup, Salad, Entree and dessert all for fifteen bucks is a DEAL! :O)
WE LOVE THIS RESTAURANT!  We recently moved here from Atlanta and this is the only restaurant that we found to be consistent!  We keep going back every week.......  Great Food, Great Service, Great Atmosphere.   WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!!
One of the best Mani-Pedi's I've ever had. Very clean and professional.
Amazing meal tonight.  The food has an amazingly delicate quality. Dying under the stars, listen to good music and enjoy.  I love the Empanadas appetizer. Oh yeah the people are great too.
The Greek fries are good. Ripe salad was ok. Veg wrap was a oversized tortilla with bigmac sauce and a 1/4 cup of veggies. Gyro pita was dry so tried to cover up with taziki sauce but it wasn't that good and kind of thick.
Terrible to average food quality, slow service, dim ambience and expensive. Probably still in business because of lack of serious competition in KW. Most Indian restaurants in KW are pretty bad.
Excellent food, service, and atmosphere....Only thing missing was some leg room in the dining room...I visit many steakhouses around the country in this is in my Top Ten..great job....
I tried so many Vape Shops and this place is my favorite! They have everything and the best qualities and varieties! The customer service is great and they are super friendly! \n\nHighly recommend!
Slow and rude service at a dirty restaurant.
This place is soooooo good! Fresh delicious healthy food with fast and friendly service. I love pita pit and would highly recommend it to everyone!!!
Seriously fresh and delicious food. Chef makes everything from the bread for the sand which to the butter on your toast. I will be going back in the morning to eat breakfast and I also have my eye on his home made red velvet cake.
Not good at all. Staff were helpful, food was horrible. How can you mess up beans?
Simple American food, fairly well done. Pleasing atmosphere and friendly staff, reasonable prices.
Worst poke I had, not Evan close to Hawaiian style, no rice vinegar, too expensive, not worth going, and rice was hot instead of cold like the \"real\" poke bowls in Hawaii
I had the fire grilled steak tostada and it was pretty good. It could have had some more steak though. It was fully loaded and the flavors were great.
Hands down best taco spot in Vegas. My favorite are the tacos, mulitias, and vampiros adobados. Might be the most delicious and affordable meal on the strip.
Mmmm sweet Osaka. They have some of the best sushi you can get in Las Vegas.\nAs noted by another user the entrance looks like a crack house. They have traditional Japanese seating where you kneel and take your shoes off.
UNBELIEVABLY RUDE SERVICE. If you want to be ignored completely for simple things such as water please eat here. If you want to call to ask a question and the person that answers yells at you please call here. Enough said. Can take my love of pho else where.
I hope you're not here for anything other than nostalgia.\n\n\"One Orange Julius, please.\"  Bam...that does the trick!\n\nWhat's not to love about an Orange Julius?  What's to love about hot dogs from a roller grill?
Another great trip to Lox Stock! The bagels and service are the best!
Got a snack to go here. The smoothie was just ok and WAY overpriced, even for Vegas. They forgot my pretzel and banana, I didn't get them until I asked 15 minutes later. Barely got an apology. Not a big fan.
Very enjoy my nail experience, the lady who did my nails was professional and nice. It's super cute! I love it!
Fantastic food and super low prices....we love going here.\nNothing fancy for the decor, but that won't matter once you try the food.
Stale, stale, stale. Bought some snacks for my drive back to California,  and everything was stale and hard, close to the expiration date. Things were cheap but at the cost of being stale and expired.
Excellent food. They did a great job with the renovation- the place is swank!
Wayy too overprice for the portion you get! Some of my friends had more lobster meat than others. Not fair lol. Plus service looked a bit confused even with our numbers at our table. \n\nI wouldn't come back to eat here.
Great food and large portions!
So so burger,good service. I was not impressed w food.
Tourist trap.  Like a cafeteria on Mt. Washington.
Plan on at least a 1 hour delay.  Pretty miserable seating, poor setvice.  If you speak English you're the only passenger that does.
It's an AMAZING PLACE!!! Recommend it, and get your gun \\o/
Always one of my go to restaurants for consistantly good food. Love their Yum with chicken. Great atmosphere too.
Very good and fresh food. Thursdays women are half price. But overall worth every cent. My wife loves it
Gigantic, delicious salads... but the real draw is their pizza.  They don't skimp on the sauce, cheese or seasonings.  They give realistic time frames for takeout orders.  The place looks like a dive, but don't be fooled by appearances!
Never mind best in Montreal, this is the best in the country! Get a hot smoked meat sandwich with a Karnatzel on the side. Worth the wait of there is a huge lineup out the door, but open late too so swing by after a night on the town.
Sucked! I haven't been there for about 6 months.\nWe went for dinner on Friday night. Service was bad, men's rest room was dirty (stained dirty). My steak was way over cooked not very good and wasn't offered steak sauce. We won't go back to this location again
The main bar would not serve us drinks because my wife did not have her ID on her. Granted she looks great but she does not look under 21. \nSo we went to the other bar where they did not see a need to ID us nor did they ID us at the tables.
This place is so quaint and it has vegan food choices. I love spending quiet time here when I can. I am entertained for hours. Friendly and adorable place.
Not good at all steak tacos burnt and even the kids did not like it ahi tuna is fishy
solid pho, great spring rolls. blah service, though - super slow, even for an asian place (and it's not like it was crowded).
Good luck getting any service once they have you.  No one return calls or emails you back.  This isn't a onetime issue, its ongoing.  I had better service from one of the big company who didn't even have a local agent.   Now looking for a new agency.
No they can't produce debit cards if they don't plan and don't have spare supplies to make the cards.
Very good food friendly staff and also healthy!!
Every time I go in here they have great looking plants and flowers & excellent customer service. I've been a regular for several years and always look forward to stopping by. Great place to shop local! Check it out!
The employees definitely needs more customer service training and problem solving to better serve customers
Great food but yelp coupon not accepted per manager. He said they are expired! Third time enjoy the food and atmosphere.
...scorpions, roaches, lost packages, seedy neighborhood, over priced, abusive management. Stay away.
Ordered two blizzards, two cones and two smoothies, it took nearly 30 mins!! Their were 5 ppl working and yet service so slow. NEVER again.
This place isn't all that great for anything on the menu, but there's nothing really wrong with it either.  If you're on Walnut street you'll probably wind up eating here at some point in your life.
If you haven't eaten at noca yet, you don't know what fine dining is.
Great Thai in the desert
Great  wedge salad!  Very good margherita  pizza. Excellent service!
We had great service from the restaurant.\n\nFrom: the Tyrone to the Hue! Love u anh huy ! Your the best!
The drinks and shakes are good when they can actually get my order right, besides that all the food sucks. Get their act together and they could get another star.
Dr. Steinberg is an awesome family dentist. I feel super comfortable going to him, and I refer him to all my friends. My whole family goes to Dr. Steinberg. Thanks for keeping our teeth healthy!!
Tr\u00e8s bonnes galettes de sarrazin, choix vari\u00e9s, ambiance agr\u00e9able.
We went here during Restaurant Week and really liked it.  Everything was very fresh - farm to table concept and they support local farmers.  The heirloom tomato salad was excellent.  They were able to accomodate our food preferences and ensured my entire meal was gluten free.  I will definitely try this place again.
I few years back I worked around the block from MacAlpines. My coworkers and I would go there for lunch and several rounds of freshmade cherry cokes. YUMMM!!!! I miss those days!!
Service is very slow for only 6 people in the entire restaurant! It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.
What kind of barber shop doesn't know how to do a fade on the sides and back?  I tried to explain, but should I really have to?  Anyway, I ended up going home with everything all the same length.  \n\nPass on this place and the lackluster employees.
A very good Buffett that is organized according to type of food.  The ice cream is outstanding and the wait staff are fast in clearing tables.  The price is reasonable if you get the amigo card, but can be costly for groups with several children.  Very clean.
This is a really great place for a coffee. However, they don't make any effort to find you when your coffee is ready so you need to keep checking if you're sitting outside.
Amazing terrace. Their lunches are very good, so is the dinner menu. They have interesting wines and good service, but the price to me is a bit expensive for what you get. Still, cute and cozy place in the Old Montreal.
Meh. It could have been a lot better. Way too many sale associates for the amount of employees doing custom fittings. Many store associates just walking around instead of helping other consumers in the store.
I recently had the pleasure of visiting this Kay store recently, and I had a great experience. They had a low pressure environment and I found what I wanted with the help of the staff, not the item with the largest price tag. Plan on returning in the future to get another watch. Thanks guys..
we always take visitors there....we love the popovers. Absolutely wonderful. Addicting.\nthe entrees are generally ok...but portions have become smaller . Side dishes much smaller. nice ambiance. staffers are great.
Went for no sugar added, only had one flavor, french vanilla.  Flavor was just ok, it was thick and creamy but I may have to try a different flavor befor I make up my mind.  U-Swirl might be better!
BBQ Mahi tacos were great!!  I loved our server, she was so friendly.
they always take great care of our little girls, even though one of them is not very friendly to other dogs. they give meds, frozen treats, and for extra, will offer play time and more treats. i especially like the report card they give you at pick up.
Visited Re for the first time last week and got a cut with Andrew. He was fantastic. By far one of the best stylists in Charlotte. He listened to what I wanted and really helped make it a cut that worked for my face frame and style. I'll definitely be back. Kudos!
My go to Thai place on the east side. Family owned, awesome Tom Yum and Tom Ka! Great people and good value
We are super picky eaters, especially when it comes to hummus but these guys know what they are doing. Best hummus I've had outside of Israel. Authentic cuisine!  Plus, they deliver.  Can't wait to order from here again.
This place is absolutely gorgeous inside and the food matches it! Great food,BUT pricey. I would have given it five stars if it weren't so expensive.
Ok but not very flavor full. Good service good view mediocre food at best.
Not a HUGE fan of TGI Friday's (I prefer indies to chains), but they do have all day happy hour, which is pretty solid.  Alvin L summed it up pretty well in his review.  Also, the Jack Daniels steaks are pretty tasty.
i loved the mexican pizza.. though thought the prize was a bit on the high side..  food also took some time to make and deliver.. customer service was very friendly and place was clean.\n\ni would have given four stars if not for the price and timing.. but still very tasty!
I love this Waffle House, not only is it close by but the staff is great and the food is good...
The subs are very good, fresh vegs, quality meats and soft rolls.  The best part?  I have never been there.  That's right, never.  You see, they deliver and deliver FAST!  You can order online or by phone.
I really like the food here - it's well prepared with quality ingredients. Not much on atmosphere (unless you like dining on picnic benches under the glow of florescent lighting), so it's best to call ahead and take it home with you.
This place has the best boba in the valley. Great atmosphere, great service, great boba! Everyone is so friendly. I've been coming here since they've opened and have yet to have a complaint! I bring all my friends with me and tell everyone about it! 10/10, would recommend!
My boyfriend and I got takeout here on New Years Eve. We both got a bowl of traditional Pho and loved it. Everything was separated into perfect portions on the side so it was ready to throw together when we for home. We also got a fantastic Panang curry dish. We will definitely come back to try other items on the menu.
They had us @ the apps!  The only problem about this place is everybody around got bread and for some reason we got shorted. Other than that great food, great drinks, and great atmosphere.   We will be back!
RA is normally pretty good but damn this place is a terrible.. Sushi is dry and over cooked. It seems like it was prep the day before and depending what you order they throw it on top...never coming back. Service is good on the upside
Ok so hit the wrong button on my last review and posted to soon. \n\nWe sat down and looked at two tables that were dirty for entire meal. Then we got out
After going to the farmers market in Guadeloupe,  this place was awful. They are way over priced on a lot of items, like fresh eggs and honey. The store had so much stuff it was hard to find items and they didn't have much local items. The service was so so. This place is more hype than anything good.
My husband and I had dinner at Toby Keith's today and it was nothing spectacular.  The food was typical \"Famous\" named fare.  We definitely won't be going back.
Extraordinarily rude employees that treat you like you've done something wrong. \"Bagels\" only to those who don't know what bagels are.
Had lunch while visiting Spring Preserve. Good selection. Authentic Chinese. Kids like the selection. Good value for price. Chicken well done here.
Used to be my family doc (we LOVE Dr. Guo!) but unfortunately now it takes over a month to get an appointment with her. Staff's customer service is iffy.
Wow nachos - best nachos anywhere.
Bartender Brandon made some awesome cocktails for us: Sazerac & French 77.  This man is an artist, using numerous rare liquors & fresh components.  This place, & Brandon, are not to be missed!
I loved this joint.  Live music, huge portions of food.  A little pricey but then if you're in Scottsdale you aren't here to save money.....There is a second story which overlooks the music, which is pretty slick.  I'll definitely eat here again.
Service was pretty slow here, but if you're not in a rush, then perhaps this is the place for you.\n\nThe food was really terrific-- we had a wonderfully prepared veal dish, and the prices were very reasonable.  Just make sure to be aggressive about flagging down the waiter!
Good food, slow service and kind of pricey!
Good price, good food, and great drinks! A really cool place to unwind.
The people here are awful! My first visit became my LAST! My husband came here also and hated his experience too! Don't go here!
40+ buy one get one free drink coupons was what brought us here. the drinks were awesome and they were at good prices. location sucks and the food wasnt great so thats why im holding off the 5th star. only go if you have coupons
Maybe should have a little bit of common sense when dealing with great customers. False accusations are a fast way to lose business.
very dirty i would not go every again
Disappointing. Food was mediocre and the waiter knew nothing about the wines. They left my wine at the table while I was in the restroom. \n\nThe interior needs some serious updating as well.\n\nI might try again but was sorely disappointed in the food and service.
Seafood buffet on a Tuesday night is hard to find.   50% off thru las vegas advisor very good at that price.
Spaghetti sauce tasted like chef boyardee and $18 for 5 ravioli. Then we went for an actual dinner afterward.
We were seated immediately but sat with our feet in the water for 15 minutes without anyone saying a word to us. After our water got cold, we ended up just getting up and leaving. It wasn't until that time anybody said anything to us. Poor service. Would NEVER go back.
Excellent food, but terrible service.
I recently went to Las Vegas for the first time in my adult life, We ended up going to this bar almost every night! It was great, the people, the music, the food....Next time I am back in Vegas this is the place I will be going to and often :)
One would think when there are only two other groups in the place they would get the order right but once again another place who seems to be lost in the service department and the food was just OK.
A dealer ' s release of wrong information is labelled as a fraud to cheat the consumers!
Dans cet amas de junk food, vous cherchez de la cuisine saine ? Vaguement europ\u00e9enne ?\n\nGo there !!!
Food was fabulous like always and our waitress was the sweetest and super helpful! Will definitely go back to this location
Had an alright time. Loud/rowdy dudes. Nice servers. Made picklebacks.
Poor customer service.
The pizza here is very tasty. \nThe service is great.\nThe people are nice.\nThe only thing I really don't care for is dining in. \nI did go here when it had just started so it may have improved over time.\nWould recommend.
Absolutely love this place! Great food, presentation, and friendly staff at a great price. Best Thai food in the valley!
Very happy with ease of Christmas tree shopping. Beautiful backdrop. Cookies, lights, hot cocoa, cider. A nice fire with seats and blankets. Ecstatic that we decided to turn in and buy our first tree here!!!
Good sized portions. Staff is quick to clear plates from tables. Friendly service.
I've been going to this place quite regularly for breakfast and it's always consistently good. It's also got a lot of parking and on a Sunday morning when you just want a good cup of coffee and eggs it's nice not to fuss around with parking of all things.
It's just okay.  Dont understand all the hype.  It's better than taco bell cause they serve liquor.   That's about it.
What can be said about Caps' Bobby? Everything, it's my favorite all time sandwich! It's the best. This location has very friendly people and it's always clean and nice. We always stop by here on our way out of town and they have no problem with making my wife her special sandwich.
Worst service ever, had to find someone to get chips, drink refills and pay the bill even after asking the server. Appetizer corn was cold, Beast burrito so so. Never going back...
Nachos,not bad. I was advised not to order the chicken. So pork it was. Beer is cold and glass is clean. Shot of Jameson to round out the meal. Overall good indeed.
Wow wow wow! Combo Pan Roast! Just do it... Seriously just do it! Amazing! Worth the wait!
It was alright.\n\nBut I thought Sunsplash had better more \"Adult\" slides.\n\nBig Sur has mostly tubed slides.  I like the open slides.  \n\nEh, its a waterpark.  Whatever.
Always a great time!!!
The Hole-in-One, has not changed seemingly for ever.  You can count on their food and serve.  The food is fixed to the taste of its customers.  Not fancy, just basic neighbor hood caffee food.
Nice owner. Nice selection. Reasonable prices. Parking ehh.
coffee is great, hits the spot for the Cali girl in Montreal winter here!!  sweet they have an indoor bike rack for winter.
I and my 4 friends were not impressed with this place.  The pizza isn't what we feel is great pizza.  Go to La Grande Orange, Pizzaria Bianco, or Cafepino.
Great pizza if you can sneak in without a line. The deep dish Sicilian pizza is $8 a slice but SO good! \n\nFor sure the best price in the Cosmo for a late night snack.
Truly excellent chinese food. These kind of places make me never want to go to places like Panda Express.... This place is sooooooooo good and you get a lot of food for your money!
Gotta Love H&J !! Spices to die for!! Crab to Lust for.. Def one of my favorite places to eat in vegas! \nPS dont go here if you have somewhere to be later in the day.. you will smell like spices.. and seafood.. and deliciousness!!
Service was friendly and fast\n\nFood was good nothing that I will remember for the next week but great for breakfast or a quick snack.
average food. average service. above average pricing
Nice staff. Excellent price for laundered dress shirts. They even fold french cuffs for no additional charge unlike some places I've been to. The drive-thru service is pretty cool, too. Would recommend this store to anyone.
Alot of construction going on on the base levels but enjoyed the stay in the excutive suite. They could have had free breakfast and a microwave would have been great also the size of the fridge isnt sufficent.
This place is disgusting! I guess the inmates run the joint because it was filthy, disorganized and the service is non-existent!!!\nwouldn't go back if they were giving this crap away.
It's not the easiest place to find your way around but Robert was EXtremely helpful!! my experience a little more pleasant.
Worst. Service. Ever. Standing at the hostess stand looking at a clean empty table for 4 and girl up front refuses to seat us. She claims the server is backed up thus we cant be seated. I am a local and will not be back.
Clean grounds, play area for the chillens, well manicured landscaping, pleasant architecture, a lot of parking. a great area to spend time in.
Happy hour prices are good - get a domestic beer for $2-3. The staff seems friendly and the sweet potato fries are yummy. Didn't stay too long so that's all I can report for now.
Pretty good as far as fro-yo goes, but not much atmosphere.  Really just a giant, brightly-lit room with frozen yogurt machines and some toppings.  Nothing special, atmosphere-wise, but good fro-yo!
Takes way too long to receive your food and when I got my tacos the shells were soggy. Will not be returning to this filibertos.
1st time at this location. We came for lunch and it was delicious! Place was clean, staff was nice and our server was attentive. Place was packed because of lunch but our food didn't take long. We'll be back 4 sure!
I have been going to see Radi and Eddie ( the twins ) for over 12 years now. I go about every two weeks on average. I would not go anywhere else. They treat everyone very well and deliver a top notch haircut every time.\n\n I think I'll go again this afternoon.
Just your typical sports bar. Tv's and bar food. Service was great though!
I had dinner here tonight, and loved the entire experience! The patio was roomy, our server was quick, and the food was delicious! I ordered the Thai Cobb salad and really enjoyed the unique, healthy flavor! My dinner was priced fairly and I got a lot of food. I will be going back
What a wonderful experience! Great staff and a great massage!
The hot dogs were good. They have a wide variety.  There bacon cheeseburger is great. Fast service however I had to refill my own drink. The waitress just pointed to the machine and said she was too busy. That was a bummer. But as far as taste goes.......they get a 3 star.
Hidden gem in Scottsdale! Great food, atmosphere and service. Can't go wrong with their rusticas. They are delish!
Yea, got home and the order was wrong. Called and the manager told me I ordered incorrectly. I NEVER said sliders I said sandwich. What a jerk
Always stay here on business.
Good diner food, too bad they don't carry real sweet and low. Also their old thick sliced white bread has been removed. It was better before they made these cost saving changes.
You never know what you will see on Fremont st. The place for a cheep show from the man in the box to the guy painting with spray paint to the guy doing clay sculpture while you wait also you may see jesus. The light show if pretty cool to.
Great variety of candy. And cute girls with great service. Too bad the discontinued my favorite white chocolate covered gummies. But its ok. Always buying from here
Horrible drive thru and slowest service. I have tried to give them chances but it never gets better. Last week was the final straw. I was behind one car and no one was inside and it took forever.
Bring lots of money!!!  Carnitas were delicious but waaaaayyyy too salty.  Guacamole, veggie enchiladas, chips average.  Much better food places to eat in vegas.
Soooo disappointing! I've been to this one and one in Tucson, same story! Over priced buckets. The crab legs are thin and flimsy. My veggies and potatoes were over salted with chunks of sea salt!! Yuck!
Cute little place along the lakes. Drinks are expensive and the food is small portions with even bigger price.
menu items are good, but expect to wait at least 20 minutes or longer from the time you order to receiving the item
This place is excellent! The BBQ chicken pizza was the best ive ever had! its cheap and fast and very satisfying! Its like having lunch in a museum! so much to see and they play movies on all the flat screens while you're having your meal. its fantastic! the service is \"ok\"
Looks like a really cool place\nWe got there Sunday morning and it was so busy, they told us it's 15 min wait and than after 15 min they told us that the kitchen is catching up so it will take another 10 min so we got tired of waiting
The service was fast and the food was good.  However, I was expecting exceptional food as the ratings are so high.  It was a good place for a sandwich spot to sit either in the casino or mall.
Favorite dessert spot. We eat here weekly - and always an extra to go. Yum!\n\nLemon is the best flavor!
Regular prices and semi par fruit. Could have been fresher but hit the spot after a long flight in.
Literally the worst pizza I have ever had. The crust was hard and chewy and the toppings just slid right off and were pretty bland. Very disappointing.
This used to be one of my favorites restaurants,not anymore, the last couple of times that I visit this place the eating experience has been terrible. From poor service to mediocre food. I will defenitely will remove this place from my reaturant list. is not worth the money.
Meh. I've experienced better.\n\nSo disclaimer: I just recently got into Thai food. I'm certainly no expert. But the curry here is really runny. The rice I got with my order was not impressive ... and that's rice. I will not be going here again.
The beer selection is amazing...definitely a place to check out if you are a beer person...all types of beer from all around the world...and I can't forget the food is pretty good too!
I passed through and wasn't really impressed.  I was expected a bakery style dessert shop but saw that they mostly sold branded products and candy you can buy at any candy shop back home.  If you really want a bling lollipop u can come here to get it, otherwise nothing special.
The overabundance of bars like this are why I moved of Pittsburgh. Tacky sports bar with a overwhelming fratboy brodown vibe. If I could rate this place no stars, I would.
It's a nice small zoo. The kids enjoyed feeding the manta rays. 99% of the concession stands were closed and it was really hot out
Meatballs are excellent. Love the atmosphere too. Make sure to sit inside, way better than outside trust me.
We went to Tokyo Joe's for the first time, and really liked it., the food was very fresh tasting, and very good portions. I had a delicious chicken bowl with  rice, fresh vegetables and curry. My wife and daughter enjoyed their food also..
Great find. Simple authentic Indian food. Nothing fancy but definitely gives me my Indian fix. The restaurant is small but clean. Good service and consistently good.  Really good value, especially for lunch as their Thali plate is really good.
lots of food that's not too disgusting and buffet-like tasting. good price. breakfast, lunch and dinner are good.\n\nthe endless warm rolls with honey butter are so good. mmmmmmm..... expect to feel really, REALLY gross when you leave this place.
This place should have been shutdown and redone a couple of years ago.  When we were there for Super Bowl in 2005, they were to have closed it down and imploded it in April.  On another trip, they had removed a bunch of logos, etc. leaving obvious spots on the wall.
Great customer service and a huge variety of trees! And you're supporting local fire departments- can't go wrong there!
Really rude and non Indian people.....I have never had such a bad experience with any restaurant let alone Indian.....god bless them. I would be interested in seeing how long they can stay in business with this attitude.
This is no joke $8.95 load it up with anything you want on it. They place it in the 800 Degree oven 2-3 min later Oh My what a pizza. Employees are very knowledgeable and very helpful. I will be back for Spring training see you soon.
My absolute favorite bar in Vegas!  Just a great place, great atmosphere, great bartender - Andy is the best!  Have been coming here for years and will continue to go!  Great place to pregame before heading to the Palms too (or elsewhere).
Food is really good! However, the order taker apparently the owner's wife needs customer service skills. She is rude and very irritable. This restaurant needs a welcoming experience in my opinion.
Not a good start: my appointment wasn't in their system and despite being told they could get me in right away, the \"about an hour\" needed to look over my car is now pushing 105 minutes. Otherwise, they verified what a different shop told me and their prices were about the same.
Not as busy as boiling crab so the service is a lot better.  The hot n spicy flavoring is the way to go and all for more of a kick.  I almost couldn't handle the medium level of spiciness.   Good change of pace.
Saturday August 7, had Cabana no3, lame party, lame music,& for $750 per cabana have your staff smile! Moved the party after a couple of hours to the regular pool and we ended up having a blast...
I was not impressed with this place. The woman who did my nails only did a poor-to-average job, and spent the whole time jabbering away to her neighbor. She even sliced my finger while cutting my cuticles! I definitely won't be coming back.
Ran out off pepperoni! Placed an online order for carry out. Had to wait 25 minutes after expected pickup time... No kind of discount or compensation for wasting my time. Way to do business!
buyer beware: had problems with this company, looked up roc # to find out it is suspended, used to be freedom air
My burger looked like someone sat on it. Hot mess y'all.
I called and emailed them many times for two days. Nobody answered my calls or emails. Nobody picked up the phone any time I called. I don't know how their ice cream is but their customer service and communication is clearly poor.
I actually wouldn't give them any stars. Went to this car wash today and someone stole my iPod. Pulled in listening to it. When the car was all done and ready, I started it up, no music! Mgr wouldn't do anything. Who steals on Easter Sunday?! Wth.
2nd time going in. Still a long line to get in.  I feel like the variety was lacking this time around. You forget that its all based on french cuisine. I liked the prime rib. the crepe station was toooo long that we didn't even bother.
For anyone who gives this place five stars-I seriously question your taste buds.  This is the Hometown Buffet of mexican food and it left both my friend and I feeling extremely ill.  If you want to spend a lot of money for canned food, then Valle Luna is perfect for you.
I have always been a fan of chop and wok. It was my first time in the new location and I have to say they have it going on. Great selection of beers and tons of TV's all around. Not sure if they have a happy hour but it was a bit pricey for drinks and chinese food.
Two words: Super Burrito. It may not be as big as your head, but its as big as your late night appetite.  I suggest the steak version without beans.  However, they're very accommodating, so have them throw in some chorizo if you're feeling wiley.
Come here everytime Im in town.  Sadly it seems like the food has lost something each visit.   Original Strombolli again.  Probably 3 stars for bar food and a half a star for a place where quarters still come out of a slot machine.
Very good.. you can find all my photos here :http://mydogsstudio.smugmug.com/Pets/Vegas-Pet-Expo\n\nthat was really a great day, good people, good dogs, perfect... ;)
Only been here few times, not a great place to go to since the place looked rundown.  I rather drive over to 19th Ave. & Bethany Home Rd. in Phoenix or Scottsdale & Thomas in Scottsdale.  The machine is hard to figure out too.
Le d\u00e9cor parfait pour le genre. Les cotes de b\u0153uf d\u00e9licieuse. Je reviendrai.
Suzanne!! Best haircut I've ever had! Ok so I had really long hair and I was trying to do something drastic. She helped me decide what to do, and was very excited with me! After a short A-line bob cut, it was perfect! She was very helpful and suggested ways I could do my hair now!
This place was awful. They were very rude and $25 was the price for a reg pedicure and it was a rip off. Whole thing lasted like 10 minutes. A 2 year old could have made my nails look better than they do now! Please dont come here!!!!
Great food in a casual environment. The waits are rather long so we tend to go off times.
The food and service were good. Love the atmosphere! The outside sign has you thinking this is just like a bar food type of place with gaming but when you walk in you will be pleasantly surprised with the decor and service. Very nice menu options, a little pricey for lunch though.
Definitely a good place to stay. Not quite as good as the Golden Nugget, but not nearly as expensive. I got a room here for $40/night during the week and it far exceeded my expectations.
Little outdated... Rooms are a little small... But good hospital with good staff.
I love going here on Saturday morning... great donuts and super friendly staff!
Service was awesome. The food on the other hand was a complete joke! Portions were small for how much they charge. I hope this was not the only BBQ representing Charlotte! Again the service was awesome but when I leave still hungry and spend over $10 bucks there is a problem.
Kind of similar to Panera bread but much better choices! Lots of exotic flavors. They have a patio area for outdoor eating. We shared the French toast and feta breakfast sandwich. Both were good but the French bread was amazing!
Great drinks from the bar and their bruschetta is seriously to die for.
I want to compliment Mr. Ray Howitz, for the excellent service I received at the dealership. He went to great lenghts in helping me solve the issues regarding my 2014 Honda CR-V. He knew just what to do to make the customers happy. He has an excellent understanding of the through meaning of customer service. BZ.
Don't eat here. Service SUCKS, food is mediocre, and they don't have tirimisu. They are on the way out and they deserve it.
Typical Chipotle. Same layout and choices as all. Always busy, but always maintaining their composure and busting through the lines like a boss. Great food.
Really good brisket...good pork..  all around one of the better BBQ places in the valley
Service was excellent, food not so much. Smoked brisket was not smokey and drowned out by other ingredients. Ono was dry and also disguised. The white cheddar jalape\u00f1o grits(side) and asparagus(appetizer) were the only good food.
Over priced and not that good... it's across the street from my home i've eaten there twice in 10+ years... Skip.
My new fav vegas place! Creative and unique, amazing Martinis based on sweets!
I stopped by after seeing a \"Right Now\" groupon for highlights. The hair stylist is off Sundays. So why is a groupon for hair services being sold?
Very slow service. Food is typical for BK.
The place is clean and updated, which is a plus, but everything else was sort of lacking.  The service was slow, the food was mediocre.
This place exceeds the hype in my opinion. Great chicken and the best waffle I've ever had. \n\nI'm going again tomorrow.
This place is great. I recommend
Best show that I have seen in Vegas. Combination of comedy,acrobatics and singing. Definitely recommend watching this.
My wife and I had their lunch special yesterday (2 pepperoni slices and a soda). The pizza was fresh, slice was cut large, and the service was very good. We'll gladly eat there again.
This is the best OG the West Valley
I would give them a 3.5/5\n\n6.5/10 Brownie was dry.\n9/10 Green tea hot chocolate was yummy\n7/10 Chocolate waffle.... I had better\n\nSeating is limited but we came around night time so pretty much was empty
Very warm and inviting as soon as you get to the entrance.\n\nPizza is great with an excellent selection of craft beer \n\nThe bartender David is knowledgeable with a great sense of humor.\n\nI will be heading back there ASAP
I have no idea how I ended up at IHOP in Vegas it was a choice given to me the other option was Denny's. Bad food bad service. Stay away.
One of the best sushi I've ever had! My face here is the caterpillar roll. Love the presentation and atmosphere is warm and inviting.
This theatre is generally clean and quick with lines and service. Like all theatres, they are overpriced on everything, and I will be glad when we can watch movies from home!
Great place to drink on the patio on a beautiful Phoenix day!  Great drink selection and friendly servers.
First time review: Great food and service! We received everything very quickly, and the server was friendly. I ordered the French Dip, and it was delicious! The white chocolate dessert (must get it here!) was great as well! \n\nSecond time review: We came here for happy hour, and everything was pretty good.
Great food and service ended up dining multiple times it was that good\nManager on the floor very professional and charming!!\nThe anti pasta platter is a must!
This place is a joke.  The carrot cake was repulsive and made me want to throw up in my mouth.  The chocolate souffle wasn't much better.\n\n  I recommend some cooking classes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The good..\nNice atmosphere\nGood service\nGood fajitas\n\nThe bad...\nMediocre rice and beans\nPricey\n\nEverything else was ok (ceviche and avocado roll)
I love this place!  The meat is sliced thin and with \"Mike's Way\" it is just plain goodness.  The guys who work here are polite and really make you feel welcome.  Give it a try . . . you'll never return to Subway.  Thank you Jersey MIke!
I really like it and I am a pizza snob.  The main thing is the crust on the thin crust pizza was awesome.  Had a great outdoor seating area and the staff was friendly.  The fact that they were all hot chicks from ASU helped.
great, family owned place that feels like the kind of italian joint that is made with love. \n\nFood options are very good with traditional italian dishes and unique entrees that can't be found elsewhere.
i love olive garden! but we don't have any in hawaii! :( i love the endless breadsticks and yummy salad! i just love this place! i come here everytime i'm in arizona!
I had a gold pendant with diamonds made by Alex - simple, unusual and beautifully unique. I love one of a kind pieces and this was superb. I recommend anyone living or visiting to come to his shop in Old Town Scottsdale. Simply exquisite!
Great Decore and more of the great simple food I Expect from any thing with Gordon's name on it
This place is great! Food was great also. My son had the kids turkey sandwich which came with a side, and a drink! My husband had the pastrami sandwich, and I had the club! We just moved here from Cali and so far one of our favs
Robby and Mehgan you rock !  If it wasn't for the absolute best service from Robby and Mehgan I wouldn't go back there again.The butch female with a guys hair cut and flesh tunnels in the photo department. You are a mean person.
good breakfast !! good service !! good place if your in Madison
This tiny Starbucks has a firecracker of a barista working there.  I don't know what her name is, but I want to hire her for our marketing team.  This girl was legit.\n\nOther than that, typical Starbucks (with the addition of a funky back patio).
Good Food. But don't go hungry. It won't fill you up.
This place is awful! The management is unfriendly, no coffee maker in the room, no ice machine on out level, the clock is broken. Absolute worst. \n\n\nWould NEVER stay here.  The management is rude when we c about issues and low us off. Don't stay here
larger stores in phoenix, large selection of fresh meat and seafood and a great selection of microbrews
Wished I'd yelped first.   3/17 stations manned meant a 90 wait for what I reserved 2 months ago.  Reps were unconcerned and leisurely.\n\nI just joined Yelp solely to share this.
Illy coffee and nice people!  That's all I can say.  And first time with a complementary croissant like thing.  Very good.  Definitely on my list.  Trying real food next time!
My absolute favorite place to go in Pittsburgh. During the summer months, it gets pretty crowded but in the winter, just grab a hot chocolate then head up there at night, and it's beautiful. So peaceful.
good service, good food, good atmosphere. slightly too dark inside... hahaha no big deal though.
four stars seemed quite apt\nbut i moved away from town\nnow i use netflix
Came here with a friend for brunch.  I loved \"the hulk\" green juice, Croque Monseiur Eggs Benedict and Hot Juan (runny egg yolks, breakfast potatoes and chorizo are a glorious combo).  It's a nice brunch spot with indoor and outdoor seating on Mill Ave.
Really delicious, really fast, reasonably priced, consistent, friendly, and efficient service.  This was probably the thirtieth or fortieth we've eaten there and we'll be back many more times.
Wow...This was a beautiful water show with a romantic story. I want to see it again! It was worth every penny.
Busy, Noisy. lots of Beers, Friendly great service.   Hamburger was outstanding, and fries were OK.  The wait for a table was less than the promised time, Nice.\nMy friend liked her lettuce wrap.
The food is okay. Since franchising they've lost the family look and feel. Not 100% cracked up with the changes to the menu.\nThe staff is normally very friendly and fast.
Went to this place when it first opened. Really love the atmosphere. Sort of a sleek modern feel, but cozy at the same time. Nice specialty cocktail selection. Had a roasted chick pea appetizer and candied bacon. Both really good. We ordered a variety of pizzas and all were very tasty.
Great place for tourists, but if you are searching for an authentic deli that serves authentic deli style sandwiches, this is not the place. I'm still in search for that sort of deli.
I LOVE the new location!  \n\nIt's in a more centralized part of the valley, and easier to access (for me at least :)  )\n\nI still love this store.  One of my favorite places to hang out.
If your interested in bull dogs and favoritism,  you've found your home.  Beware of undercover trolls posing as owners protecting his Bitches. More balls here than the Phoenix Mercury basketball team apparently. Not lbgt friendly.  Perhaps a new location outside of the parralegram is time
Slow service. Deposit money not returned once contract completed. Cheap products. Would not recommend the service.
This really is a dive but the food was great. We ended up here because another place we planned to go to was closed. I had the chicken gordita. Totally authentic and delish. They have a wall of different pastries and a salsa bar with fresh salsas.
Record store prices, flea market quality.  \n\nI was impressed with the selection and made a substantial purchase. Later I found that about half of the records I bought had significant damage. I understand this is a risk when buying used and I will be sure to patronize establishments with better quality control in the future.
We did family style and ordered the chicken, fish and chips, mac n cheese, and lamb burger.  For me, I would just go back for the fish and chips. Everything else was just mediocre. However, for lunch it was quite expensive. The waiter was nice. Not sure if I would come back.
Had the Hot BBQ and Teriyaki wings....\n\nThe wings, while crunchy were dry and soaked in the sauce...really bad.\n\nI got gut sick about an hour later. No way, Jose...never set foot in this dump again.
Over priced. Over rated. The goat cheese has zero flavor, my chicken was paper thin, the red onion completely dominated all of the flavor profiles. I won't eat there again
A good resort for a quick staycation or getting away!!!
I'm a pizza snob and sorely miss Geno's East and Ricobini's back in Chicago. Fatmans is the best Deep Dish Spinach I've had in years!\n2 slices of the 14\" and I was full & happy. \nThis is the real deal. I swear.
I don't know what happened to this place, but I ordered take out today and it barely had any taste! I got General Tso chicken and it was super dry, and fried rice, which didn't have any flavor at all. I've gone hear before and the food was just ok, but this time was really bad.
I usually don't eat anything sweet after meals but I really like this place.  First time having Italian ice and I like it
This show and Pre-Show were amazing.  So Sexy and entertaining.  Do your self a favor and sit as close to the stage as possible.  You wont regret it.\n\n5 Stars for another amazing show by Cirque du Soleil
Very Clean, Ice Cold beer, had a table of 7 and everyone was impressed. Great service from Kelsie!
We always have a great meal and the service is 5 stars. They give you plenty of time to finish your appetizers and you don't feel like you are being rushed out. The Calamari and truffle fries are our Favorite along with the 10oz Filet. Don't forget the cheesecake because its the best!
Chop suey is my go-to here. Recently tried the \"House Special\" version and was really, really happy with both the size and number of shrimp included, along with at least 2 meat ingredients and a few snow peas, plus veggies of course. Try it.  Service here has always been pleasant, to friendly.
Update: got the interior trim piece and the floor mats from Scott as he promised a few weeks back. Very satisfied with the service from Hertz Car Sales and now looking into booking a vacation to use the free week in a rental from Hertz.
All the flavors you want in a classic scoop shop. I got the pumpkin ice cream. It's to die for!
Went here with some friends for some happy hour drinks and food.  Ordered the Market Kale Salad with chicken and it had a little extra surprise in it.  As I was on my 3rd bite I ran across a huge red hair in my salad.  Needless to say I sent it back.  Avoid the food!
I recommend the Rasta Pasta or the Tavarua Tuna tacos with the honey wasabi sauce! both those entrees were great! I had a fabulous server and a really good experience when i visited.
Bravo Ted S. tell it like it is. this place is junk.\n\ncold food, twice out of the 2 times i've been there. \n\nwon't make a 3rd mistake.
Super Great just like the one in Tucson. Delicious original menu with lots of great cheese! YUM
Had the ahi tuna tacos - great taste - wonton crisp type shell with fresh tuna and a  delicious mayo type dip - complimented with a refreshing ceasar!
This ramen is ok.  It is way too overrated.  Not worth any wait.  And compared to many ramen shops in NYC, LA, or the Bay Area, this ramen is just ok.  \n\nVery salty.  Flavor is not memorable.
Pathetic dividend awards whereby they are constantly canceling your miles. I flew US Airways 2 months ago and they still cancelled miles. Shocking. Just a stupid small town airline - not worth messing with.
First time trying this place out, and I must say it's pretty good :)
I took my family to china one to dine and disagree, this isn't authentic at all in fact the food was the worst I have ever experienced, their service is OK although we were one of two families dining. Both my wife and my son had to go to the Doctor the following morning.
Overpriced Chinese food.  Not really the quality I expected from a place inside the Caesar Palace.   The food is pretty much tasteless.  Great ambiance unfortunately, that is what you are paying for. My advice, try something else. Great if you never had good Chinese before.  I have had Chine fast food that tastes better then this.
Only lived in NC for 10months but this place was a great enough reason to drive from Concord. Amazing selection of EVERYTHING with that olde tyme  feel.  Going back to NC in a few months, my flight gets in at 8am and I'm heading straight for Park Rd.
Saturday nights at The Living Room are very lively with a great crowd. Great place to meet friends and they have a full bar for those that dont just like wine. I love their chicken salad sandwich and side salad. The bruschetta is amazing.
So yummy & so fast! House special chicken & orange chicken are my favorites. Plus they use all white chicken breasts. I love that \"spicy\" dishes can be ordered a little more mild; satisfies the entire lunch group dining together.
I recently had my hair cut here with my son. Christy W was great and worked well with our picky styles. Thank you to the entire staff. We will be back.
Ordered their special which consisted of turkey, gravy, and stuffing all on a sandwich. It was good. Not great, but not bad either. I've had better. Had a bag of jalepeno chips and a Newcastle along with the sandwich.
Awesome place! Met some coworkers there for an anniversary party. Sooo.....many beers on tap to choose from. Just didn't want to leave. Has become my Friday happy hour hang out.
One of the best meatballs I've ever had. I had the veal parmigiana for my main course and it was great. Overall a great experience and location.
Service, scallops, all - top notch in every way!
So AMAZING!  We loved the squash curry and kanap pa...grilled catfish stuffed with dill, ginger and lemon grass. Simply wonderful!
My boyfriend and I came in. We're from out of town. The guy made no effort to help or be friendly. Not a great mod selection. Had some juices but again, made no effort to help us try them out. Will not be coming back on future trips. The guy was a total asshole.
I personally think this place is overrated. The chicken fingers are at the most..average. The fries are blah. Coleslaw is fair. Bread is something that I would just as soon toss,than eat. I really can't understand the hype about this place. I was really disappointed.
Good salsa, but the rest of the food was just so-so.
The Sweet potato roll is a hidden gem.
First time in. Vegas and wanted something quick but good so tryed this pizza place and it was Great we loved the pizza espcially me and Mikey it really did taste like NY pizza and garlic knots were good too.Hubby got their breaded wings and loved them so yea will def be eating here again. : )
A friend and I went here for lunch.  The place was busy so we ate at the bar.  The service was outstanding and the food was great.  I had the Southwest Wrap and my friend had the Mediterranean wrap.  The food came out quick and was delicious.  We will definitely make it a weekly lunch stop.
We frequent here often since it's near our house. Great service and really good rolls. When we are not in the mood for all you can eat at oyishi down the road, we come here for great quality rolls. The sushi chefs are very friendly.
Good NY style pizza. Good garlic knots. You should eat here.
One of my favorite \"cheap eats\" places. T-bone steak & eggs dinner is the hidden gem on the menu! See photo
there is  a freakin nail in their bread. i also heard that they had so much complaint in their food quality. never eat in this place ever!!!! especially the one in meadows mall.
Great atmosphere, excellent service and the mussels appetizer rocked ! Definitely will be back!
The epitome of great service. Food quality 5 stars! Worth every penny.
I really like scooptacular. Nice friendly staff, cool kid friendly atmosphere, and delicious ice cream! I especially appreciate all the thank you cards hanging around from places that Scooptacular has donated their treats. I love the Laveen Concrete Mix ice cream!
You can expect: cold fries , gross or uncarbonated drinks , cold burgers that have been sitting there ect. I usually don't write reviews but with flu , fever , and gross food; I'll be going hungry tonight. \nSave yourself a trip and go to Ellsworth.
Why can you only get Happy Hour at the bar?  Just because I want to eat I don't deserve a special drink price????  Your food is not that great anyways, deserts are very good. Sorry, no interest in going back.  Should have let me order a cheap whiskey to kill the taste of your taco's.
this is a cool little laid back  bar. they do a lot of concerts and drink specials. \n\nit is set up like a old beauty salon they even have the old hair dryer seats they you can sit in lol \n\nthe staff is friendly and they do themed nights !
I ordered the porterhouse steak for 2 (32oz)for me and my gf which was $105. Honestly the best steak I ever had. I ordered it medium rare, and it was just melting in my mouth. Service was excellent and you cannot over dress here. If you have extra money for a nice elegant meal I would recommend.
Two words- grilled pears. In the words of Rachel Ray- YUMMO. Go here...you'll enjoy it!!!
Food was really good...atmosphere was so neat.    I know Mark Ryden did the cool creepy doll paintings, but can anyone please tell me which artist painted the animal pictures?   Thank you!!!
Great place to meet friends and have a drink or two. Friendly staff, food is ok not great. Very reasonable prices for the quality and quantity. Quality of ingredients are good, the ensemble of them is not impressive. Try their brownie desert, I am not a big fan of brownies but this one was a great hit with everyone at our table.
Awesome!!! if a big slice of greasy yummy pizza is what your looking for here it is. The staff is nice and the service is quick. If I lived around here it would be dangerous.
My husband got a flat and didn't have the key for the anti-theft lug nut.  They gave him a ride back to his car, switched out the tire and changed the lugs at no cost.  Great customer service.
Still rude service. I tried to give them a second chance. Get new waitresses already.
Decided to stop by Lolas after we were unsuccessful in navigating to a nonexistent juice bar, cozy little place but not too many options besides coffee lover stuff. . . #TEAMTEA
We love Golden Harvest! HUGE delicious portions make busy nights easy. Friendly staff. We've been coming for years and will continue.
I found my fringed leather jacket here and even though my sixteen year old son says, \"I look confused\"  I'm a happy camper
Not bad. Good atmosphere, good service. Steak temps could use some work though. Mine was over, his was under...we both ordered medium rare.
Can't complain about a place that has pretty much everything you could possibly need for home repair etc...  Cant give it a 5-Star since they dont have anyone anywhere to help you.  They have definitely cut back on Employees including a self Check out....    But its better than Home Depot going out of Business
Love this park it is so beautiful and we'll maintained the concession stands are staffed with fast and friendly people and there is not a bad seat in the place the pirates organization really go all out to ensure your time spent there is a great one
I eat lunch here quite a bit. The girls are awesome always smiling and friendly. The food is good and the atmosphere is relaxing. All-you-can-eat fish on Friday is my favorite
Went here on a Friday night around nine and was sat right away. I chose the Chilean sea bass and my dinner companions chose the bone in ribeye and the new your strip. After sampling everything I would have to say the ribeye was the best. We also tried their oyster Rockefeller and it was delicious!
Great food reasonably priced. Loud dining area. Poor service.  If you are parents with young, preteen children, you might enjoy this more.  Food was good, but servers were unattentive, hard to find.  There are better places to spend your money.
Food was really good but it took a long time for the food to come even though it was just my husband and myself in the restaurant. Would definitely go here again though since the food is worth it.
The staff was super friendly and the restaurant has a nice ambience, but the sagnaki and gyros were not very good. I prefer a pillowy pita, these were thin and dry. The rice was also dry and the salad was bitter. The sagnaki cheese was overwhelmed by the taste of liquor.
My wife likes this place! A
Lon came to my house and trained me on my new car's features. He's very helpful and patient with me. He even hooked me up with some cool music on my thumb drive for my car. \nThanks Lon, you're awesome ;-)
Excellent service...clean..organized..nkt too many shops..but usually one is done shopping as theythey've vegas
This was fine for meeting friends for happy hour, but it's not really a restaurant.  It's more of a station in the middle of the casino. There are no walls - just a raised area with partitions.  I'm not a fan. It felt too much a part of the casino, with the accompanying casino smoke.
Waitress was great.  Taco was good.  Not so good enchilada, burrito, beans.\nSick most of the night.
Really?  Don't.   Connecticut was cold. Lobster Mac n cheese was not cheesey or flavorful. Bisque was very watered down. Save your money for Red Lobster.....
Food is pretty good but the staff are a bunch of freaking idiot's.  Not friendly at all.
Have had the philly twice now.  It is pretty good. Not the best in town but up there.  Nice atmosphere with lots of screens for sports.  Get the onion rings, they are very good.
I was super impressed with this place. They cut the meat and cheese just for your order. It's not that meat that has been sitting out in a bin all day either. The 12 inch was enough food to fill me up and it tasted great.\n\nI have found a new home to go get my subs.
Loved! Boyfriend took me here for Valentine's day, they were packed. I thought it would take forever to get our orders. The server was really friendly and the food came out wonderful. Would love to come back :)
Terrace Pointe Cafe is a nice change from all the buffets. It's located near by the Wynn Buffet and the seating allows a very nice view of the pool. The food here is good and the pricing is not bad as well. Ambiance is very nice and service is great.
Love this place. Food is consistent and I think really good. Wait staff is available but in no way try to hurry you. It's relaxing and comfortable. The burger, pizza and chicken sandwich are excellent choices.
Solid.  Not fancy. Good, not great, food. Decent service.
Our server, Trey is always fun. Everything we've tried here has been great.\nHappy hour is m-f, 4-6.\n$3 cocktails.\n$4 specialty drinks.\n$5 appetizers.
Not the most amazing place... BBQ was below average... Atmosphere was very reminiscent of a soup kitchen.
Really really bad service. Slow, lots of mistakes. I'll do carry out in the future.\nDidn't bring out bread until asked twice, brought empty bottle of steak sauce, burger ordered medium well came out red with bun soaked in blood.
Been here twice, and YUM!  The shakes are de-lish.  The turkey burger is so yummy!  So are many of the others.  If you are looking for a casual, fun, and tasty place for lunch or dinner, this is a great pic.
A single star? You bet and that's only because these folks have something at at least resembles bagels, and they're overpriced at that. Go to the Bagel Cafe, which has real ones.
Just not impressed... My salad sucked. I ended up sharing my 2 year old's grilled cheese.
This place is the worst.  Low grade dog food.
Love this place!\n\nThis is not a huge place, but their exhibits are superb. It is CONTEMPORARY art, though, and one should not go expecting to see old masters or even necessarily representational work. Appreciation and understanding of contemporary art is helpful.
We always come here to eat in or eat out. Not much of vegetable selections but they're food taste great. Will be back here often.
Incredibly large plates of food. The place is in a bit of a out of the way less than comfortable area of San Diego. We probably would not go there without a larger party and even then only if there were very hungry people in the group.
Dan did a great job helping / advising / guiding us thru the process of buying a house for investment. We were very satisfied with Dan. His knowledge, professional behavior, and ethics are at a very high level. I strongly recommend Dan as a real estate agent.
Very good and pretty! Katie is a great waitress and very helpful  and fast. The Blt was the best my husband has ever had. The pretzel sticks were delicious. My brunch was very good. We got the Cajun Bloody Mary and it was yummy!
Worst service I have ever received
I ate here on Saturday with three friends (one had just run the Phoenix Marathon).  Good coffee and the stuffed French toast was delicious, albeit so large the aforementioned marathoner couldn't even finish it.  Standouts were the phenomenal bacon and our sweet, attentive waitress Bethany!   Definitely will visit again!
The hash is really good here. Expect big portions. I also had a pistachio mocha drink, which was very good too. Great breakfast place, but I hear that they are also great for dinner.\n\nBring your appetite there!
I don't know what happened to this place; all their treadmills are barely operational and the creeper factor seems to have risen -- I go to another location now.
This place deserves my first 5 star. The check in staffs here are friendly and professional. The rooms are clean and quiet. I'll definitely be back the next time I visit Vegas.
What a bunch of really cool guys. Came in on a Sunday afternoon to get my son a cut and they had him looking right for Monday morning. Prices were reasonable and conversations pricesless. These guys are super nice, and makes the kids feel very releaxed. This will be his spot unles we move.
Wontons!!  I love the wontons here!  Must stop by for some every time I go to Vegas!
what a horrible place to stay.do not stay here.furniture beat up in newly remodeled rooms,whole place stinks like cigs.fire hazards in room,not up to code.music from outside hotel blasting till three in the morning.poor service,bad attitude from management.to much to list just stay away
Tire prices are ok, although they charge a bit much to install.  Do NOT come to this place on a hot day. The AC in the lobby is pretty much non existent.  Also, an FYI they are tucked back in a shopping center... No sign on the street and the main sign Is partially hidden by another building.
The food was okay. The selection was okay. The facilities were okay. Wife and I didn't feel the best for a few days after. \nIt had been a long time since our last vista. Probably had forgotten why. Now it may be coming back to me. Kinda like the meal we just has.
We came here for a private party and tried to order a Rye Manhattan and the idiot server said \" like rye bread? \" forget this place, including the dishwater pasta.
While I don't quite call Papa Del's Chicago-style, more of like Chicago-style, it's still really good.  (Yes, I'm picking nits ;).  They really are the best pizza in C-U.
My husband and I have eaten here several times.  The food is very good and the service is always great. We actually live much closer to Green Valley Station but can't justify the higher price of their food. For those who don't want to trek through a smoky casino to eat the restaurant is better situated to parking at Sunset.
Crazy Cow Decor,\nA great time with awesome friends,\nSunday Roast? Yes Please!
5th and Wine is a treasure of Old Town Scottsdale. Great wine menu, and the friendly wait staff is always happy to suggest wines according to your preference. Good happy hour, too- strong Manhattans! Love the atmosphere of this place, and am always happy to return.
very expensive for shitty food lmao. Theres hardly any variety and its so small! i recommend any other buffet than this
I was excited to eat here but the service was horrible and I needed to keep asking for water refills. But the food was pretty good.
Awesome place with big portions and ice cold beer. Service is mostly hit but sometimes miss. This usually happens when they are busy though so I don't blame them. Try the BBQ chicken pizza and their chicken wrap. A nice cold sunbru to top it all off.
Cheap, great food, family owned, wonderful employees.  The service is always with a smile.  The daily specials are great and they are conveniently located with extended business hours!
Decided to try this place for after dinner drinks with wifey. They have a good selection of brews and an overall cool place to hang out.  Didn't have a chance to check out the food menu. Place is worth a visit for drinks or just hanging out.
Terrible experience with dr santucci. Very unprofessional in his dealings with my 12 year old daughter. My daughter made me switch orthodontists.....\nNic f
The way they run this burger king is so inefficient with the cafeteria line style of getting your food. With having to carry your bags with you everywhere, it made it very difficult. Can ya'll just do it the normal way?
Love love love love love this place! They don't rush and they do a wonderful job in a reasonable amount of time.
SO and I ordered again, and the calzones were much greasier this time and generally less tasty. We also tried the cheese bread sticks which neither of us liked.
Fish tacos were pretty decent. Only problem I had was when you do take out, it's kinda pain in the arse to get all those toppings/sides in little tiny containers. I wish they would have them pre-packed or carry takeout boxes with little compartments for sides.
Nothing spectacular here except the view and the service.  If they could tighten up the menu and maybe simplify their dishes to be truly rustic italian, they would be on to something.
Very dated...
What a waste of time.. Twice the price of similar restaurants, half the portion size, and tastes average at best. Will NEVER be back.
Redneck lady bartender ignored me for ten minutes then got snotty when Dahmer and I asked for  draft beers. Nothing on tap. Hostile locals don't like outsiders. We left without ordering anything.  Dahmer was so pissed off that he added it to his 86 list.
Went here with friends while visiting Vegas. It was sooooo good!  The hibachi and sushi was delicious. The only reason I am rating 4 stars is because I really wanted a boba smoothie - and they ran out so I wasn't able to get one. Other than that would definitely recommend!
Italian dark hot chocolate = super amazing/ best hot chocolate EVER. Must go :) \n\nThere are also a couple of locations in NYC - LES and Union Sq. ENJOY!!!
puke
Have missed NJ/NY pizza since I moved out west 24years ago. I have struck gold with Mama Mia's and found my my fav pizza again!  Ahhhh! Love it!
Delicious crepes! I had the Nutella, strawberry and banana crepe to go. The shop is small, so you can watch them make the crepes, which I liked. They are fast, friendly and worth stopping by.
Tried to get my kiddo's passport photos taken here and they tried to pass up an extremely blurry pic as perfectly a-ok. The manager was useless. They have updated the inside of this walgreens.
If hell is a never-ending frat party that also sucks, then welcome to it mon amis
Still the best... Everytime I come here my stomach thanks me !!
Fantastic food and stellar service. My fianc\u00e9 ordered the lobster ravioli and I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs. I couldn't be more pleased with this quaint Las Vegas dining experience!
The price is increased but the steak size is reduced. Disappointed.
This was for massage therapist Erica WOW. I usually like guy massage therapists because I feel like they dig in more but this girl was so strong and good. She was certified in a number of different things and really worked my muscles properly. I would love to make this more of a routine because she is just so amazing!
Cheap, but inconsistent punctuality. I called an hour in advance only to be an hour late to my appointment and this has happened twice already. Only call if you want a cheap fare.
Yum! Rich, delicious ice cream.
This place is Great for Drinks. The food is ok but a bit overpriced.
Live music was good. Food was ok...I can take it or leave it, nothing great
Good quality, delicious food. Fast and friendly service. Highly recommend stoping in and giving one of their sandwiches a try. A nice unique option when you need something quick.
Last call is a 1130pm.  Fail.  The Bourbon steak bar is awesome cuz there is nobody in it.  Fat people are loners.
Menu looks appetizing, donburi and katsu sandwich
Great realignment...\nNice and professional staff...\nGreat massages too!
A bit small and off the beaten path, Kailyn's Kitchen a nice friendly place for breakfast and the 80's music is a treat from most of the other restaurants in the area. Good food and friendly service a good combination.
I stayed here for a week for work. I have no complaints. Nice place, clean and friendly staff. It is very spread out. If you don't want to walk a lot make sure you select a room close to where you want to be.
This place is absolutely disgusting. Dirty, dirty, dirty. I'd rather pay to sleep in my car. Also, the staff is very rude.
My buddy's brother recommended this place.  We tried it and the Pho was just 'ok' in my book.  Not sure what was wrong with it.  It was Large with tons of noodles but the flavor was a little off.  Might try it again for a second look.
Kombucha on tap?! This place has enlightened me to new levels of hip-ness. The method of ordering and getting tables can get a little confusing for first timers, but this is a lovely restaurant with a matching atmosphere. Food is delicious and fresh, but it can be a little loud at the peak hours.
Lemon grilled shrimp tacos are unbelievable
When I'm in Vegas I usually do steaks or buffets. Sometimes BBQ and burgers. Never thought I'd go dim sum in Vegas... and never ever did I think I'd like it. Surprise surprise!!! Did it and it was delightfully good.
Awesome chocolate shakes!!!
2-for-1 happy hour and a delish Reuben in a friendly atmosphere. What's not to like?!  it's a good place for lunch or a simple dinner.
We like to bring our dogs here to run around and play in the park.  It's a short distance from our house, so it's very convenient.  The park is not as large as some of the others in town, but it's nice and quiet.\n\nReturn Factor - 80%
I only tried to eat here once was awful.my chicken was so dry I nearly chocked....I hear beer is cheap...guess this place is only drinkable
This place has some good meat. The portions are pretty good, a lot more meat then i expected which is a good thing. The food is priced well and is a nice place to eat at.
One of the classiest florist shops in Henderson.  It is a fact that this Florist is a place to go when you are not afraid to spend a little money - but intend on receiving a beautiful arrangement.  I am alway impressed with what I have ordered there...
Whatever you decide, delivery or carry out its slow. \nI ordered a large pizza with pepp,mushrooms and xtra cheese and the order taker said \"huh\" I said my order again and she passed the phone to someone else. \nUgh!\nAt least the pizza was good.
Well......they doubled down on me....its was better it was even more amazing, thank you staff and thank you Eric and Dale.
I will never order form again I spent 32 bucks for a nasty cold pizza and cold cheese sticks the veggies onto pizza wasn't even cooked right they still where a lil hard
I could eat here daily and never get tired of it. Love their asparagus havarti panini. They are sometimes extremely busy- which is only a testament to how delicious the food is- but if you have a tight work schedule, you may want to call ahead and order to-go instead!
Never coming back to this Teriyaki Madness.. They never had a problem using the frequent buyer punch cards before and now they said they no longer honor them. Well I guess I'll no longer be going there and continue my business with the other locations. What's the point of a franchise if you don't keep things the same.
Mexican food that is quick and to the point. Great for a quick lunch. Good food, but fast food atmosphere.
5 stars says it all.
\u00c9vitez ce resto le dimanche si vous \u00eates un groupe de 6 ou plus. Minimum 90 minutes d'attente :( mauvaise gestion des tables.
My husband and and I have been going to Korean Garden since we were dating and love it.  We always bring our family members here.  Love the beef, pork and chicken bbq as well as the great side dishes and mandoo.  And the have the best salad dressing.  YUM!
The gyro crepe is amazing! All of the ones I've had have been delicious. Everything is made fresh in front of you. Easier to get food to go because the place is so small.
Why does the bathroom not have ventilation...? I don't understand.
I've cream sandwiches are amazing. Do it!\n\nMilkshakes are a bit disappointing. Like frothy cold milk without a ton of flavor... But the cookie sandwiches are amazing. \n\nSeriously they're amazing!
Completely tried to take advantage of me by quoting me way above a regular price. Plus I waited an hour just for them to give me a quote. Will not ever go to this location again!
The food is very good!  I suggest you take it to go. I had to ask for tea and boxes for the food. The server hung out behind the register texting. Really? Do you expect to be tipped?!?  Definitely take out!
Hmm I don't know how to explain this but I'll try my best. I felt uneasy at this location. The food was fine, personally I prefer moes. I'll stick to moes I liked the place better overall.
Paymon's is a must visit on every trip to Las Vegas. In a sea of dining options Paymon's is relaxing with 5-star service and exceptional Mediterranean food. An extra plus is the abundant portions of food at reasonable prices. Two could very easily share an entree and still have leftovers. Best iced tea in the valley!
I have to say I really enjoyed getting my nails done here, and they did a great job... however, it did not appear clean! That really bothered me. The glass on the front counter was so dirty it almost looked frosted. Sorry girls, good work but you need to do a little spring cleaning.
Just a quick note:  Cosplay waitress are no longer there.  \"We don't do that anymore.\" said the staff when I inquired on 2/17/2014.  Makes it -1 star since the Chinese food was just OK+
Yumm so good and pleasant! Geat place for  after winning a soccer tourney!!! Gooooooal!!!!!!!
Fantastic hookah lounge, great music, quality hookah and friendly staff. Sky High had been my go-to hookah lounge for a year now and I love going there
Messed up my order last time - they said they were aware of it before leaving the store to deliver & delivered it anyway.  Wtf?  Lol.  & they kept my tip.  Mostly on time though.
um. not great. i ordered the chicken lo mein and the crab puffs - and well, was a bit bored. the decor is shady. and to be perfectly honest, if i'm going to eat chinese it should taste good - greasy and with a ridiculous calorie count but good.
Kinda odd at first being that I never came to a place like this. BUT for the price and service I was impressed. My feet and back kill me day to day and I left pleased.
Nice layout, but it doesn't overcome a mediocre pizza.  All the vegetables on the pizza were bland. It  advertises itself as a coal oven pizza, but nothing in the flavor distinguishes from a regular oven pizza. Don't waste your money on the food.
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =\n\nToo bad this big Buffet closed.  We'll miss always watching Chef China almost frantically running around all the serving tables stirring, filling, & fussing over everything making sure everything was ok!     :-)
Wow! The employees were very helpful and friendly. I needed a book cheaper than what was at the school. You will find what you need here and it'll be significantly cheaper. Especially as a young student, this was a sweet surprise.
Sushi is decent but very spendy. I don't care for the loud music or bad lighting. We've been there approx. 4 different times, staff not so friendly. Of all the places to choose from in the E. Valley now, this would not be our first choice.
Same great food, wine and service and the original but it is missing that je ne c'est quoi.
Open till 11 pm? came at 9:30 they couldn't do my acrylic fill because two people were in front of me?! 'We don't have any openings, sorry' Are you kidding?
Mmmmmm! Best filet and king crab dish.  My husband likes their oysters. Cannot go wrong when dining here!  Not crazy expensive either for fine dining.
Casino  security are completely rude!! This place needs to clarify about the rules and regulations.
Poor staffs, crappy waiter, he treated me impolitely without any smile in 2 hours !!!! \nI won't come back here. \nAt last, the food was decent !
Delicious burgers. Excellent customer service. Clean. Definitely worth a stop.  The buns are thin and the burgers are well seasoned.  A+
Went here hoping for a burger without the fuss.   What I  got reminded me of all the marginal places near campus of every college town I've  ever been in. Disappointed
Downtown's new Hot Spot! La Comida is Morton's newest restaurant, located on 6th and Freemont. Featuring traditional Mexican cuisine in a fun and hip environment, it is an absolute MUST try!
I love that the staff is CHILL here. You won't find extra perky teenagers playing loud music at 7am. Yessss. Sometimes you just want to skip all the bs.
Expensive - they raised the prices $30 a person and food was mediocre at best. Crab legs were still frozen, cake was rock hard, and everything was lukewarm. Only plus side was service was attentive and plates were cleared promptly!
Just awesome...
It was worth the wait. Portions are huge & will feed two or three. I can't wait to go back.
Great food at reasonable prices. Not the most comfortable seating and the tables are crammed together pretty tight, but again the food is worth the trip.
the best coffee\nin the world\n\nor at least the parts i've been to.
just okay
I have never liked the food at Fuddruckers.  I am convinced that they use the fake beef that Taco Bell does. Their burgers taste like salt and butter flavored pam to me.  This location is particularly awful since it is a total mess all the time and the employees don't seem to want to be there.
I must say first the service was excellent Tia our server was great she made the experience incredible. The food was good I like the creativity with some of the dishes that were prepared.
Another update:\nHad a need for a steak on Saturday night and because I had not eaten since breakfast, I stopped in around 5:30 PM for a quick and early dinner.  As usual, the food, service, everything was perfect.
Good selection of tea, plentiful seating, nice atmosphere. I had an iced hibiscus tea that was pretty great. I will definitely be returning.\n\nAlso, they have outdoor seating (though it's on the Murray Ave sidewalk and a little noisy) and a clean bathroom.
Crowded on a Saturday. No parking, a little dirty. NOT GOING BACK
Third year coming here for the Xmas light show. I love it and the kids love it! \n\nIf you bring a bag or two of donations, you'll get $3.00 off your admission price.
The store was clean and bright. But they only had one size of dish (huge) and at $0.37 an oz I expected more flavor out of the yogurt. I had the Carmel Cream, Cake Batter, and Coconut. They all three tasted about the same. I'm doubtful I'll be going back.
They don't even have a public washroom.
Food: excellent\nService: good\nDecor: tasteful\n\nMy only complaint was the music was so loud we had to yell in order to hear each other. It really ruined the experience.
Overpriced for the type of food.
I came here when I would go to UNLV, this place is a good place to hang out if you need to kill 2 or more hours in-between classes, they have big screen TVs everywhere and the food isn't that bad.
Perfect Florida restaurant! The Mahi-Mahi was delicious and atmosphere was great.
Just off the strip, this is a fine, older type of hotel. The rooms are very nice, the price is good and the staff are quite nice. Three pools which can be cold but cater to different types of folks. No river pool, however. Best seafood buffet in Vegas!
Good food yet super slow service!! There was literally no one there yet it took about 15-20mins for my meal. They need to learn how to speed things up when it actually does get busy!!
Wow the food was amazing.  We ordered the parallel tasting menu with wine pairing.  I was not disappointed.  The sorbet dessert were yummy and the Swan court was really cool to hang out after your meal. Overrall the ambiance was great and service was superb.  This is a must go restaurant when I'm in Vegas.
Pablo is an excellent massage therapist.  He intuitively finds the spots that need attention and artfully helps resolve tension, applies a soothing touch, and generally makes you feel good all over.  I felt great the next two days. I will definitely go back for another.
The best Mongolian grill place in Vegas, hands down. The staff is attentive and friendly, and it's a great quick lunch or dinner. I just wish it was a bit closer to my home, and I'd eat here 3 or more times a week!
Who doesn't love Chipolte.... Good thing I love pizza more and at fired pie i get to choose all of toppings including cheese and sauce all for the same price.  Pizza was pretty big and very tasty.  I can't wait to go back.
Service was so bad, I never got the opportunity to order a drink much less food. To bad, it actually looked good.
Top notch Pizza and hoagies.  Great white pizza!  Try a juggernaut, you will love it!  I have never had a bad meal.  From steak salads to wings, and pizza to hoagies, I have never been disappointed.
Great service, delicious cannoli's, great pizza crust!  Place is a little small and it gets busy.
Total #fail Went there last night and had TERRIBLE service. Asked to speak to mgr and he didn't show. #bad
I got an order of the gyro sandwich. The meat was dry, but savory. Overall the sandwich was decent.\n\nSomeone in my group ordered the side hummus. What a small order for the price... the flavor was just okay too.
I like breakfast but not here.  It's just kinda nasty and the quality of their ingredients is pretty low.
I did not try their food but I went in to get an ice tea. It was almost $3 and so old that I took half a sip and dumped it out. Nothing worse than terribly old ice tea!
This is a pretty big store, so I was surprised to see that this particular branch doesn't carry all the items that the other branches do. For instance, the Scottsdale location carries Tofu Shirataki noodles but this store does not. \nThe layout is simple and it's easy to maneuver your way around.
Food was good, service horrible. The waiter ignored us all evening!
Great spot in a perfect location, its awesome to be able to order a smoothie mid ride on the canal and have it waiting when i get there!\n\nnever had a sammich, but the smoothies are pretty delicious (and not ridiculously priced)
I fly Southwest a lot, but the past few trips have been extremely frustrating.  They used to always be on time, lately they are constantly delayed.  I have to think they've changed something with their management.  This delayed stuff used to be the exception, now it's the norm.  Time to switch to another carrier?
Coach was having a sale this day. More than 50 percent off. Got my mom a great bag and purse.
No stars. Clubs security's and promoters are all very disrespectful. Had multiple problems with encore beach club and XS night swim.
The donuts were great. We took a dozen home and got a variety of them.   All the donuts tasted great,  they had the taste of fresh home made donuts. (Not like DD)  this is our new donut stop.   Next time we will try the coffee.
Probably the best quesadilla I've ever had.  I don't know what they season their chicken with but it was so good I could have eaten two!  \n\nAlways look forward to my next visit.
Awesome!\n\nGreat experience, tasty treats!\n\nBring cash.
Absolutely fabulous!  The manager Tamara and Carl are saints! I had an not so good experience my first time and they took full accountability and showed me what I remember about Del Friscos! The waitress was extremely attentive and made the best recommendations and the vibe there was awesome.  I will recommend EVERYONE here!
Great Lao food! We got the Lao sausage, papaya salad Lao style, pho, and Lao lap! All were great! I especially liked the Lao lap. Definitely recommend it if you want to try Lao food. They also had standard vietnamese fare.
7pm on a Saturday with over a 1h wait for a table. It's good for Verde, but not so good when there are at least 6 free tables. Sure, they're probably reservations, but at 7:20 you need to release them to customers who are actually there.
Best mexican ever. More like Mexican fusion than traditional, but incredibly flavorful.
Always a great show with New Music all the time! I like to meave work and catch a show during my breaks sometimes!
One of my fav local joints. Owner Ken is funny w/ great personality. Fish is fresh, delicious. The vibe is personable & quaint. I'd go back again and again.
Went here on 1st Friday, big crowd.  Great location and outdoor bar is fantastic.  But I agree with the other reviews, drink prices were expensive.
Worst service in Las Vegas! No attention from cocktail waitress for an hour. Waited 45 minutes for sushi. People came in after us and got their sushi before us. Rude hosts. Never going back.
A very unique place in the Nature.  It's nice to see some of his work around the country.  I don't know if I like the sharp angles.  Que Sera Sera.  Should be on everyone's Scottsdale bucket list.  Great views, unique structure and grounds.
Are you a tourist in Montreal? You gotta try this place before you leave.\n\nThis place serves Poutine, a unique French Canadian dish. You got to try it at least once before you leave Quebec. It is French fries, topped with gravy and cheese. It taste better then it sounds.
Food was good, but a bit expensive for what you're getting.  Drinks are soo expensive here, but what isn't in Vegas....Ambiance was obviously over the top.  Should come here if you have children.  The server dropped the cherry from my drink on my lap...
The information provided to me after a post buy inspection was all very accurate and thorough. They should hire a receptionist with as busy as they are. I didn't experience the \"wow\" factor that everyone else did.
For those that miss this great wing spot. They have moved to 1449 E. Main st. They are in the old capt. D's. The menu is the same! Food is just as awesome. Restaurant is much cleaner and they have a galaga machine, can't go wrong with that.
Not impressed... The food was sub par and the service was terrible! They seem understaffed and for a crowded restaurant on a Sunday morning 2 chicks weren't cutting it... I won't go back, breakfast was \"eh\" at best..
I've been a regular here the past 3 years. Other than the wait being long, the five spot sandwhich and waffle make this place one of my favorite in the nation.
Very good pho most days. Sometimes it's watery. When the broth is good it's one of the best in town. I love their beef salad and egg rolls too. A lot of the waiters seem tuff as fuck! Wouldn't want to encounter any in a dark alley. Love this place!
Went Saturday, September 13th around lunch time.  Walked in with family and sat.  Restaurant part was empty.  We were the only patrons.  Bar had a few people watching football.  Sat for 10 minutes.  Nobody came over to our table.  I watched the bar tender lady instead talk to another girl.  We left.  Will not be back.
Love this place! My favorite dish is their chicken fried rice! The owner here is super nice and the food here is delish!
Food is decent, not the best but will do. Atmosphere seemed a bit off or lost, service is slow and waiters are forgetful but friendly. Decent portion and price however.
THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!!!\nThe food is delicious, affordable and made with great, natural ingredients.  I especially love the chicken curry wrap and the brioche sandwich.  I highly recommend this place to anyone! You won't be disappointed! :)
Decent breakfast food, love that the bagels are made New York style; it's all about the water. Over crowded and the staff is alright not the friendliest but they were at least semi-cheerful.\nThe parking situation is horrible and a big detraction from the accessibility to this place.
Burger was good. Sweet potatoes fries were burned and cold. Cookies were also cold despite website saying they would be warm. Service was courteous and okay for the most part. Food could be improved.
We want to order we call and call and call and no answer it's Friday night 10 PM they say they're open till 11 and no answer call and call and call and no answer
The best waffles in the world, even better than the ones from Belgium.   And, I have spent 2 weeks in Belgium on a business trip.  The waiters and waitresses go the extra mile, wow!
This is a great, no... Awesome Japanese restaurant!!!! I love the tofu, never tried a tofu so fresh before. The sushi is also very very good! I recommend for everyone that wants a authentic Japanese experience.
The positives: the dirty martinis were good and service was good.\n\nThe negatives: sushi. It was pretty tasteless. And the restaurant was almost completely empty on a Sunday night at 7pm.
Food was mediocre and overpriced. Service was slow. It's a pretty restaurant, but that's about it.
Very average. Food was overdone and waitress stopped chomping her gum only long enough to take our order.
Super impressed with their tacos and the spicy rice. The fish tacos are delicious and just the perfect portion size to leave room for another beer.
Food was average... place was clean... service was decent...
Delicious! Wonderful afternoon tea for Two for \u00a321 ! Orange scones, amazing tray bakes and delicious sandwiches!! Will come here again for sure.\nLots of tables over looking the Princess street gardens and some cool couches for enjoying some tea and a book on.
Very disappointed with their fountain drinks. The new self-service machine doesn't produce the same flavors as the regular machine. Will have to start going to Scottsdale and 101 just because of my coke.
Anytime here must get Gator..a little spicy but very good.  Good drinks and sometimes a band.
I love the prices here but the employees need customer service training.. especially the ladies wording at the jewelry department.  Rude! No hellos or Thank You after i purchased a necklace.
This little drive through coffee shop is so friendly and has extremely fast service!  I think the coffee is really good.  It's very resonably priced.  I can't wait to go back for more tomorrow!
Waited over an hour in line to get some Cupcakes and pastries. AMERICANS DO LOVE TO WAIT IN LINE.\n\nWas it worth it? I indeed like the fresh pastries, but for the price and the long wait I don't think I'll do it again.
The only time I go to Sears is for work on my car. They are really good with replacing car battery at no extra coast. Sears being located in the mall is a plus as I am able to walk around get something to eat.
Great service quick and easy to order family place great food decent prices a must if around this area!
A must try!!! I don't wright reviews, but for this place I had to... Everything I had was good. Ask for the fry sauce if u get fries that alone is enough to go!!!
Not super impressed with their inventory. I really wanted to buy something but left after 40 min empty handed. Can't beat the $2 sale rack though.
The food is actually pretty good here. I would give the place 3.5-4 stars on the food alone.  However, I gave it 2 stars because the service is downright horrible.  I mostly order delivery and whenever I call they seem pissed that I'm calling. This could be a great place if they would improve the customer service.
Very creative spin on hot dogs and very tasty. I had the duck fat fries and they were delicious - though they did taste a little burnt. \n\nThe Bahn mi dog has the perfect blend of ingredients.
This place looks very dirty. I don't know if it is, but I didn't feel very comfortable eating there. I did eat there, though, and the food was pretty mediocre. Nothing had much flavor or spice. I would not come here again.
Always one of my favorites, can't go wrong with the chicken Madeira ( my favorite dish there). The chili was great too. One of the only places that no matter how full I am it is a must to get dessert.
Great breakfast.  Been there a lot and never had a bad meal.  Good iced tea too.
The service was great while we were here. The food was average. And the parking was bad.
I called I told them I was new and I saw this ad for 15 off so I made an appointment. My boyfriend brought her in and her haircut looks great! Here comes the problem... Since we didn't PRINT the ad and just showed it on our phone they charged us 50 dollars.. How ridiculous!
Amazingly creative nachos!  Awesome margaritas in flavors galore!  Homemade sauces, tortillas, guacamole, and more. Large portions and great service, too!
One of the best places in town for coffee. The food is spot on and great baked goods made fresh everyday! The chef is definitely going to be one to watch for. He's always super creative and comes up with the tastiest items, sweet and savory. Try the maple bacon muffin!!
Quick & Delicious! You can buy authentic tortillas by the bag large and small. Awesome and different chips and queso which is a fave of mine!
Went and checked out a few of the restaurants around here and this one was the best.  Food was good and staff very friendly. I highly recommend it.
Considering all of the rave reviews, I had high expectations for this cafe. I got a small cup of regular coffee (which, by the way, is really small). Unfortunately, I found that the coffee had a nasty, sour aftertaste. Maybe I should have tried a latte?
Not bad.  Good wait staff.  Quick service.  She is carrying a gun.  I would too if i worked on Van Buren.
Buffalo omelette was bland, heavy on pungent blue cheese.  Wanted to love the place but food was ok.
c'est magnifique!!!
I regularly visit the place for a 5a7 with lab mates. I recommend starting with the hot dog and pint special. Tasty beer in a large variety for your selection. Inside can get loud, but fret not for there is ample seating outside my friends! Well at least in the summer.
Found everything I needed and didn't encounter any odd smells our rude associates as other reviewers mentioned. I am a huge fan of Smiths because I feel like I am getting the best deals. I will definitely be shopping here again.
Very pricey, but I have to say this was an awesome place.  Atmosphere was exceptional.  Service was great.  Menu was interesting and had many options.  We had a great time!
Solid Mexican food with good prices and friendly service.  The chips are flour rather than corn, which is unique, and theyre superfresh. Nice and LONG happy hour(s) 2PM-6PM everyday.
Good, quick classic Mexican food!\nNothing fancy, but very tasty.
Delish! I ordered the tomato soup and grilled cheese which tasted like a reimagined version of my childhood favorite :) my taste buds were in heaven. The only downside was the wait but because of the size of the restaurant it's pretty understandable I waited 30 min without a reservation.
The last 3 times I went they butchered my eyebrows. Bummed cause now I have to find a new spot. I can't handle jacked eyebrows .
Was nothing special for being around so many competitors. Doesn't stand out, just another pho place.
I had let my yard go and needed some work done to get it back in shape. Adrian did just that and more for a good price.  He did such a good job that I have them come every two weeks now.
Very bland and very overpriced. Would not recommend this place. \n\nThe service took FOREVER (20mins and you pay at the counter) and the food was entirely trying to be too trendy and lacked in all aspects.\n\nPass.
The only reason I loved this place is that it was the only place I knew that offered hookas(shisha) and served alcohol. Now that they do not offer shisha, I lost interest in this place.
I like the food here. It is good because they have a veggie been dip, so good. I have the tostada with the veggie beans and its good. Margaritas are good too.
Excellent nail salon. Professional, friendly, immaculate and accommodating. I appreciate their flexibility in scheduling. My nails always look great!
They had a guy on the corner advertising breakfast I love this place for lunch but was really disappointed when I walked in with only one person working and 4 people I. Line and several people waiting for food needless to say I turned around and left. If your trying to build business you should be staffed to do so
Great food! Nice little BBQ place, not that many seats so get there early! They have a variety of BBQ sauces that are delicious. The specials are good but you have to get there early because they run out fast! Definitely a place to go in the CU area!
Every time I visit Montreal I always make it a point to get a smoke meat sandwich here.  Still under $10 gets you a good sandwich was a good amount of meat.  And you can ask them to cut the meat just the way you like.
If your looking for a bottom boy this is the place.  Lots of fem Latino dudes here.
Surprisingly not bad.
Ate there before going to a show today. Had the tuna salad on rye with macaroni salad on the side it was awesome. Wife had the roast beef sub she loved it. We're both fresh from New York  and with deli food like this I see no reason why I would want to go back north.
Small but cute. The wait staff was nice and the place is clean. Good pizza, pasta needed to be drained a little bit more but the marinara sauce was flavorful.  The place was real hot however.  Not too comfortable.  However, it won't stop me from trying it again.
This place is dead!!!  They created this club after scarying off all the loyal people that attended it when it was still Tangerine.... this is a terrible place to hangout.. that's why they give girls all you can drink for free hahaha!!!
This place was recommended by our friend Jay Lessard, who is a regular, and it did not disappoint! Great atmosphere, tasty food, good pricing. Visit, you will not be disappointed! Try the prime rib wrap!
This place is NOT the same!  Paid over $5 for a slice with 4 toppings on it and the box would have tasted better. Next time I'm buying a whole pie at Papa Johns for only $11.00! \nI give this place a month :-(
Seriously overpriced barn of a basement bar. Redeeming feature is live music. Filthiest pub I've ever visited, too.
This place has spent more effort on tv screens than its food which was dry and tasteless. Total waste of time,Definitely not coming back.
Beer order came right away, but for the life of me I don't understand why it takes so long to get an order of wings. For whatever reason, crowded or not, it takes an inordinate amount of time to get food once it's ordered.
Good atmosphere for a neighborhood location. Menu items had a great selection of salads - sliders were great!\nWill be back!
Amazing happy hour. go on Wednesdays and Thursdays 4 o'clock to 8 o'clock.outside bar has fans and ac. sun inside bar is laid back and great specials
Service was excellent. Our server was very  knowledgable about the menu items and helpful with our decisions. The wait was a bit long, but that's unavoidable sometimes. We were happy to wait and glad we did. The hummus appetizer is delicious. I will definitely be back!!
Great Bike shop. Gives that warm & Fuzzy feel.
If there was a 0 star I'd give them\nHorrible service\nPizza was all messed up in the box\nCalled and complain \nThey gave me a new one looked nice but tasted nasty\nWings are ok..
Been going here for years, so I thought I would finally give a review.  Try their babaganoush.  It's really good and comes with really good pita bread.  I always have the falafel with a side of athens fries.  It's been a Las Vegas staple, so you should definitely check it out.
Yes! So good. Totally worth it!
Beth is the bomb-ass blonde whose Harlem-shake brings all the boys to the McCaffrey's yard. She serves booze, food and Weapons Grade sass. She also juggles chainsaws with her feet while doing prolonged handstands in a mini skirt. Dinner and a show?? What a deal!!!
Nice casual place. The owner is an artist so some of his pictures are up on the walls. Everything is very healthy. definitely good for a person who likes clean eating. Nothing is fried the omelette is even baked. They're toast is also homemade and very good. Definitely perfect for healthy people like myself.
I LOVE their granola and their nine grain bread!  I no longer live in the area and now have their granola and bread shipped to me in Southern California.  They also have the best cookies, pastries and I have enjoyed their sandwiches as well.  Everyone is very friendly and helpful as well.  I recommend this bakery highly!
Great food, lovely hostess, nice grass in the backyard to set the atmosphere and Manny is hella good at doing voices!
Don't go chasing waterfalls...\nThis place was a huge let-down. Ordered appetizers and they sucked, cheese stix were undercooked and southwest eggrolls were cold. Service sucked...
Can't beat the taste, price and variety of flavors!
Very average Mexican food.  Stale chips, weak salsa.  I ordered the pork carnita's, which were OK, but not especially great.
**closed**\n\nDon't believe all the sites and posters.. they're closed.
It is very good. One of the best in French restaurant. I wish it has more variety on their menu. The rabbit is very good. Bring your wine.
I can't believe this place has 3.5 stars. What a disappointment! The food was bland and cold, the service was ok but my husband and I will certainly never return. Terrible
Totally not worth it, waste of $ and time... nothing special, everything was just ok and so very ordinary. Totally disappointed and not at all impressed. The only thing I enjoyed was the amuse bouche and it was downhill from there.
A great choice for Sushi. The product moves. The help is great and the prices are fair. I love the \"Threesome\" or the \"Super white fish\" don't hesitate to eat here.
It was my 1st time going to a gun range. It was a great experience. The people there were nice. The range looked good and kept up nice.
The bruschetta was great!  The pizza however, was on par with Red Baron and Tombstone.
It takes to to become familiar with this place when I've been going to Goodwill for so long
Unbelievable. Popovers are amazing! Even if you hate brussel sprouts, I dare you to order them! They are incredibly sweet and savory! I had the lamb, smaller portion than the filet mignon but so delicious!
I go here at least 1 a week with my wife.  I get the meatball Pho along with the BBQ pork Bahn Mi.  The food is great, cheap, and quick.  The staff is friendly, not in your typically way, but they do a good job.  Da Vang has become of my favorite places period in Phoenix.
Great Beer selection.  Try and sit close to the beer fridge so you can see the micro and import selection.  Some beers are not on the menu.  They have the BEST frenchfries in Las Vegas and home made ranch yum!  My husband and I pretty much make Steiners our go-to pub.
The show was ok , we had a good time but for the price it could of been WAY better! holly probably comes out 5 times max  like 15 minutes maybe less...  My husband loved it because you get to see a lot of skin!
All show and no go,  snow crab other then king crab,  Italian station and Mexico syations tasted very salty, waited 20 min to get in, counted 25 empty tables,  deserts tasted weak, would not go back
Food was not very good. Service was subpar. 4 out of the 6 water glasses were dirty with lipstick. There was syrup on one of the chairs that my mother-in-law sat in. The floor under the table was filthy. I would not recommend eating here and will never be back.
Update. Holy crap - went back and ordered two scoops of ice cream. Instead was given world's biggest blob of ice cream in a huge cup. Which is good or bad, depending.
Good, quick service.  Really nice price on alignment with their online coupon and good advice on future maintenance as well.  I'll definitely return.
I would have gave 0 stars but I was forced to give at least one star the pizza was terrible they should stick to cheesesteaks
The rooms are forever from the casino. Very noisy on the airport side and they have a bullshit $25 resort fee we were not told about. The rooms are nice. I would suggest the one room suite it is bad ass and has a balcony. It is just to far ( 3 blocks to the strip) and a longer walk to the mgm
Service was slow and dismissive. Food was excellent-the best waffles and pancakes.  Place needs a deep cleaning and training in customer service.
Good happy hour specials with a solid customer service. But honestly not my kind of spot, food, nor vibe, especially being GF.  However, if you like a good happy hour this your place!
Great American Title has been doing title work for me for many years. Sheryl Stone and Katie Bisenius are real pros in the business. I love working with them.
Is this restaurant now closed? I tried to call in an order tonight and the line has been disconnected. I tried the number on yelp, their website and google.
Very flavorable  food. We went with another couple and we basically got 4 starters, 4 dinners & 3 deserts and shared it all. I feel like I got a good sample of a lot of items on the menu at once. Yes it was a lot of food but excellent.
I've stopped here plenty of times for this & that. clean store & good customer service. Most important is the fuel, love getting a discount on fuel!
Amazing pho. It's a huge serving for 8$! The broth is great and the veggie toppings are fresh. It's a hole in the wall place in a strip mall but it's so worth it.
My favorite nail salon in world. Clean, chic, and friendly. My mani and pedi last forever!!
Great steak and great sandwich. You can smell the grill upon entering the restaurant. First time I had a great fish sandwich. All the herbs are fresh too. The staff is friendly. Not too much can be said since our experiences have always been great. Maybe they should stock up on corn so they don't run out when business is good.
crappy customer service, drinks suck had to pay $5.00 to get in because it was saturday night and the live band didnt show up....
Food was awesome but service wasn't as good, maybe because it was real late but still. It seemed like our waiter was trying to rush us out. I do love the fact it's open all night! For those after the club cravings!!
Get your picture taken with the Million Dollars! It's free. Otherwise run while you can... This place is in dire need of a renovation.
Not bad for an all-you-can-eat. Reasonably priced. Good service. Great hole in the wall joint.
Great sushi!!!! Great staff! & it's in the South Park area so there is lots to do when you leave. Great drinks!
Attentive and professional service . Appointments are always on schedule. Therapists knowledgable in appropriate exercises and massage. Clean facility.
Very disappointed! $13.00 for a dress and that is with the 35% coupon, \nDidn't do a good job on it anyway. I do not recommend this place the other items were wrinkled as well .
There are two nice tennis courts. While other places get full quickly, the courts here are rarely filled. The bike trails and skate park draws in some teenagers, but it is hassle free and a good place to bring little ones. The amenities are few compared to bigger parks, but it is relaxing due to the lack of crowds.
Excellent food!  I would say that Wicked Spoon and the Wynn buffet are the best in Vegas.
Fukuda is closed. It's now Lomito, a South American restaurant. @lomitotruck\n\n\n...\n\n\n...\n\n\n...
Love this place! Always have the best service when I come here, it feels like a family run restaurant. Intimate ambiance with a modern look. The food is excellent, I always get the pad se ew and it never disappoints!
The Manager Dani.This little thing is very rude, very bad customer service.. If you say your going to honor something than do it.. I rather shop at Hobby lobby!!!
Love the view from the hole in the rock butte! Good thing it's quite an easy hike so I'm able to bring my boys here from time to time. Once you're up there, you could see the Phoenix zoo to the left, Sky Harbor airport to the front, and Scottsdale to the right.
It was OK.  Like eveything on the Strip these days, crazy over priced and in this case nothing special. The really annoying thing was the pushiness of the waitress.  What a pity - there was a restaurant by this name in Napa Valley and it was great back in the day
this place is ok if you want to gamble i went to play pool and drink.  All i have to say is that they need more servers or just servers that know what they are doing.
What a poor initial visit!  Car was washed quick, but they left car in finishing area for 15 minutes before I gave up and took the unfinished car.  No apologizes and I was not alone, many others frustrated standing around.  Poor staffing!  Would not go back.
Good amount of lobster on the roll and the bun was nicely toasted. Definitely a bit on the pricey side though ($17 for a large,$24 xl) which prevented us from ordering about five of them each
I agree with other reviewers quality vs price isn't there. Had the eggs Benedict wAs sub-par and & $14 bucks.had a side of bacon which was over cooked and dry.dont get caught up in the hype of this place. Lots of better places to go.
The breakfast buffet offers a good selection and is reasonably priced. The service this morning was excellent. I go here 3 to 4 times a month and will continue. Omlettes and eggs cooked to order and fresh made waffles. Under $7.00.
Extremely detail oriented. Spent all day on my sequoia and even came back for a wash at no charge when it started to rain. Very happy!
They are moving to ground at the old Cheuvront's! September 23!
Horrible customer service,  I love the pizza but won't go back due to their terrible customer service.
Definitely an older crowd, which in some ways makes me sad when I people watch.  I mean, I know its vegas but still...  it was pretty loud (duh) and the music was only okay. We stood on the outskirts for a few minutes and then decided to try elsewhere. Meh, not for me.
Had their tasting menu, it was pretty good, but nothing really stands out, compare to Robuchon's16 course tasting menu in Vegas, I think Robuchon is way better,  the presentation, quality of the food, ambiance etc...But I do enjoyed Picasso's artwork tho :)
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE DJ! Bad music, bad mixing, bad drinks, BAD BAD BAD ATTITUDES!!! It should be a negative star.... enough said.
Target is OK, nothing stood out to me on the shopping trip. Had a nice selection and well lit aisles.
Deluxe combo medium deep dish pizza, garlic cheese and tomato bread, canolis, cheesecake, ranch dressing all amazing!!!  Wing flavor was really good, like wings a tad crispier.   Will definitely go back!
Do the tourist thing and get a damn sandwich here.  Its good, honest and all the obnoxious Stiller fans here pack the joint 24/7!  A bottle of Iron City and a turkey provalone sandwich is great for a hangover and a night of regret.  Go Browns...
Meh! I wasn't impressed. It was just decent thai and nothing special. I wouldn't go there again. Is rather eat at Thai house nearby.
Great place. A perfect Mojito started the night. We then ordered 3 small plates for about $8 a piece, which were all fantastic and not so small. The room has great atmosphere with a community table near the bar. Service was perfect.
I went in today to purchase a desk, and the staff here was really helpful. The only problem I had was trying to track someone down to help me. They even put the package in my car for me. Service was excellent, but I felt they could have more staff on the floors.
Kinda wonky... dirty carpet and garish castle. Kinda motel-ish more than a hotel and I stayed pre recession so it wasn't cheap...
I would recommend the rigatoni with fennel sausage. Delicious! Don't waste your $10 on the house green salad (unless you enjoy a plate of a variety of lettuce) bland! Also, the fettuccine with shrimp is pretty good. Light and shrimp is great quality.
Great Food Great Prices!  I highly recommend you check out The Hill; they have a tremendous atmosphere!  I've gone with my wife for an evening few drinks and watch the sports games and brought our son the following day for a family dinner.  Great Wings- I am sort of a self proclaimed wing expert and was impressed!
Not the best place I've gone. Doing our laundry and there was no place to sit. We sat on the floor which was covered in nasty hair. I wouldn't go back unless you are planning on standing the whole time.
It's a decent show worth seeing. I believe it goes off every half hour after 8pm (but I could be way off). Hot, hot heat!
I'm writing this review as my girlfriend and I are waiting for service. It's been 18 mins exactly since we've been seated and no one has even brought us water. Beyond that I have nothing else to say. Step it up guys! We just moved into the neighborhood, and sucks that this was are first impression ~B~
Not bad for a Mexican fast food place in Nevada !!  and like the others have said this place is really clean....
If you need an odd-ball battery, it's here!  I'm all set on cell phones, but they seemed to represent all networks and had a large selection of phones.  There's plenty of staff on hand.  I was in and out for the batteries I needed in about 2 minutes
Jade red is the best!  Snickerdoodles are awesome - only reason it gets a 4 star is because of the potential for your food to fight back later.  Overall a great hole in the wall place that is a solid lunch choice
I have never met a more honest group of people.  John Burnett gave us so much more than we could have hoped for.  We shopped around and not only was he willing to pay us the most but he and his staff made us so comfortable.  I would never go anywhere else.
Yukon gold is amazing, it is like a baked potato, just on a pizza!  I hate that they got rid of their Wyders Pear Cider, it complemented almost all the pies i tried... Guess i will have to settle for beer next time
Finally a Vegas buffet that gives Bellagio's a run for its money. Unique presentation that encourages trying new things. Truly creative dishes. Focus on quality, not quantity. Very attentive staff. Totally worth the $40.
Lame Cupcakes. I love a good cupcake and these were crumbly (not in a good way), dry-ish (certainly Not moist) and tasted like a wannabe gourmet cupcake. \nthey tried really hard with inventive cupcakes, but that's about it\n*fail*
We love Hooters!! Wednesday Wings day is awesome and the peanut butter pie is to die for! Girls are cute, but not amazing..  All in all it's a great place though I wish it had the same menu as the Hooters in California. Lemon pepper wings... Just saying!
Portions are huge. Def advise sharing. The ultimate dish is the chicken n waffles!
Radical dive bar. I get drunk here sometimes.
Absolutely grotesque. I honestly cannot believe people come back after eating here. Worse than Little Caesars.
The food is WAY too salty and the service was horrible. We waited over an hour for our orders. I would understand if the place was busy but it wasn't. Beyond annoyed. All we got was soup and burgers. They had to redo the burgers because they overcooked the first batch.
This restaurant was awesome! The service was above and beyond and everything we tried was delicious! Plus, only 475 calories or less per serving...I'll take it! Sure didn't taste \"light\" by any means! Can't wait to go back!!!
I love this place! The pork green chili Mac n cheese is so good I dream about it! Mojitos are awesome made by the guy bartender who is super friendly and sweet! We always sit at the bar! Just a really cool place to have some really good food!
Good but not great.  Liked Montigu better than cannonball. Boyfriend finished the larger pieces from both sandwiches we tried, and he was still hungry.  Taste-wise, if we were in Miracle Mile Mall, we might eat there again... But won't make a separate trip.
Just left this laser center and I am one happy customer! She was very meticulous on the areas I had laser. The machine  was so awesome it felt like I was at the spa, opposed to most places I've gone for laser hair removal Ive felt  like I was being tortured!
I'm hooked man these are the best blended drinks in town. The funky monkey is my favorite.
I think the quality of food has declined recently and even got a little sick after eating there last time.  It's too bad because it used to be a great place!
Chris gave me a great estimate, was friendly and on time. He was very professional and my carpets have never been cleaner. He also cleaned my tile floors and grout and they aren't black anymore. I didn't even remember them being that clean when I bought the place. I'll use them again and again!
Our first time here and loved it . Great space with hip music and waiters . Great wine selection and unique menu. I had the brazio fish special which was amazing.
Amazing. The sweet greens juice is best juice I've ever had.  The food is really good too.
Home Town Buffet Anyone? The food here tastes like HTB! Their sushi is pathetic. Oh yeah... I'm gonna put seaweed with rice and fake crab and pass it off as a sushi roll.... \n\nThanks, but no thanks!
I've been there once since I first moved to CMU a few years ago be as this is the closest Asian grocery store and obviously I didn't know better. Apparently if you don't speak Korean, expect to be treated as someone who owes them money. Also, prices are abnormally high.
Expensive, bad food, bad service, happy hour is filled with Scottsdale bros on the prowl for one thing.
This review is for the best scones I  have had since  I was in London. Whole Foods Cranberry and Walnut with a nice top crust with suger. They have several others to choose from but I allways get the Cranberry.
Great location, great environment, and great food. Oxtail fried rice and pork rib are strongly recommended.
This was a great show, kids will love it.
Best new your strip I have ever had!
Used to be a great little joint for a quick salad and bowl of soup. But the past few months the service has become a real problem. Too many teenagers, not enough adults.
FINALLY is all I can say. I loved going to this place since I lived in Cali and the boba places just weren't as good here in Vegas. Finally, they have one here! Good service and good food too. Definitely gonna be a regular here!
What a great experience.    Great Guys who know what they are doing,   Never have I felt more comfortable getting a massage.  Unlike some places,   these guys run a great massage studio. \n\nI hope to make it a monthly visit !
It's not amazing pizza by any means. But it's all you can eat! The workers are really good about keeping lots of different kinds of pizza available and they'll make custom pizza for you. The cinnamon rolls and brownies are really good and I like their Alfredo sauce too.
They seem to have employment here, if your looking!  I'm glad I checked them out!\nThere very professional.  They offered me to go through an orientation, that was taking place the same day.
Killer shakes (salted dulce de leche is my fav), delicious burgers and tacos.  Takes a while to get your food but so worth it.
Not the best hotel for adults but for kids it's the best. Check out their indoor amusement park for kids. It's great! The casino is an average vegas casino with all the table games and slots. \n\nThis hotel is actually not that bad. Some good restaurants and the employees are courteous. Lots of parking!
While I liked the guy who drove me from the airport (very engaging), getting them to do the pickup was a big HELL NO.  I called to arrange it before hand then called when they were late.  I ended up having to take a cab to the airport and wasted my previously paid ride back to the airport.  Will never use them again!
I feel like everytime I have come in service and quality have gone way down. Im going to Sauce from now on for sure.
ordered food while at work not only did we get about food over an hour late  but i've had better frozen eggrolls than this place and the rice was terrible. Definately have had much better food in the valley.
Great crust- Bakers pride oven- good cheese- just right- lunch specials by the slice- delicious! This may be my favorite yet!
Chicken piccata was delicious. Gluten free pasta is the the only choice but I couldn't tell the difference. Place is cute and family friendly. Bar is offered off to the side and provided lots of drink options. Plethora of vegetarian and gluten free options while still providing options for the meat lovers!
Waited for over 20 minutes for my cheeseburger. And when it finally came it was cold as ice. Hostess was rude... Service was horrible in general. It's sad because the food is delicious but service needs updating!!  Walked out without eating anything!
I love ordering ice coffee from Wendy's because their coffee is larger than anyone other fast food joints. The medium is Macdonalds large cup.    I feel that it's worth my money.
It's been 2 years and that plug is still holding fine through three oil changes. Not a drop of oil spilled.
maybe its good if i never went to the buffet at Wynn
Incredible. Boarded quickly, arrived early. Kind and friendly staff. Would have been better if they had chocolate chip cookies instead of whatever cookies they did have, but that's just a personal preference lol.
They let us check-in at 11am which was fabulous!! Room was nice. Only complaint is I booked a king-size bed and we definitely had only 1 full. Mini kitchen suited our needs. Quick cab ride to the strip. 3 nice pools. Great place to stay.
Great food and friendly staff. A perfect neighborhood establishment, lots of regulars, but certainly not uncomfortable. Great place to watch a game. Very reasonably priced. I only took a star away because the beer selection is pretty weak compared to its competitors.
I am such a fan, the guy the runs the cash register here is so friendly and I am such a regular he knows my order.  Big props on everything with my favs being the $4 Breakfast Burritos that I make two meals out of and the gaucumole tacos.\n\nKeep it up
Good service, attentive personable doctor. Appointment was right on time. There is a good amount of paperwork for first time customers but no different than any other doctors office. Definitely recommend.
Can't rate the food because it's a 75 Mins waiting for party of 8. No Reservations accepted. A little of frustration. Friend from Germany wants to try this out, but it wasn't justifiable for 1.5 hours of wait. Ridiculous!
The casino floor is remodeling annd it is kinda messy for now... it looks very nice.   The room was terrible.   The furniture not align, dirty,  and carpet is very old.  Pretty much a run down hotel.
My Children loves this place. if there's a special occasion, you know that all they want is this place....AWESOME....Steak and the bread yummy.
I think $65 brazilian is too much
Three stars because we were not able to see it since they only accept online tours thru their website. And from to this day (Thanksgiving Day 2013), the  next available tour will be next year January. Wonder why this is so popular? I'm so curious now.
The atmosphere is cool and the food comes out piping hot which is nice. It's not health food almost everything is deep fried. Great cure for a hang over.
Indi was awesome! She was very helpful & went out of her way to make sure we were taken care of.
I want to give a 5 but our aC was broken and they only gave me 65 dollars back.....\n\nLike come one really? Ac broken in vegas? Nice rooms though
Archi's and Pin Kaow are easily superior and you get a lot more food with those two as well.  Staff wasn't knowledgeable about food either.
happiness: all you need is the 8 corner pizza with the turbo crust. there's almost always a coupon for it on their website, which makes it a ridiculous $12.
This place has always been clean when I come in. Everyone is nice, even the patrons, and the service is fast. \nGood breakfast+Nice waitresses=Good start of day
I don't know how they make their lattes so rich and flavorful, but it's the best in town!  Really good quality coffee!  Nice atmosphere.  This is also a veagan friendly place.  I came here with my two dogs today, and they got some free treats!
Had the fried Mac  & cheese which was pretty good. The sandwiches sucked though. Reuben was bland, and the ham& cheese just was blah.
NO thanks. Horribhle crowd in this place, the rough crowd runs the bar in this place, not the bartenders! Keep your head down in your food if you want to avoid a bar fight with a middle aged meth head!
Ahhhh yummmy! *sighs dreamily*
1st time I have ever gotten a brow wax next to my work so I came here... The lady is awesome... Everything is klean and sanitized. She made me feel like as if she wad my mom and knew I was doubting or I was scare.  Shes been doing this for 25yrs also
Great place for a date. Peaceful, soothing (pianist on hand), and food is good. I had the ribeye steak w smash potatoes....Yummy!!!
Went with wife and kids on Sunday, around 5. Not too long a line, maybe 15 minutes. Food was great, kids love ribs and they were fantastic. Chicken Caesar salad is also very good. It's not expensive, but definitely not cheap either. Your kids will have fun.
We come here for the steak special, it's not on the menu but you can order it for 7.99,  food and service is good. Yes make sure you get your players card!
Coming from LA, CityScape left me wanting something a little more, BUT it is getting better.  You have the sports bars, neighborhood bars, sports events, comedy club, but unless there is an actual sporting event downtown, the CityScape area thins out after happy hour. I have hope.
Wow I wanted to try this place and as soon as I walked in I literally saw a rat run right across the open kitchen. I couldn't believe my eyes. The waitress saw it too and pretended she didn't see anything!! I walked out and couldn't believe what just took place
The worst service ever. They didn't even talked to me at all. I could not believe it. Well there lost. Thank God there are lots of vision care in here.
outback has gone so downhill its pathetic! got the new york strip last week & i would have been better off eating a burger at mcdonalds! thats it!
Discovered this gem when visiting the San Marcos Hotel in Chandler.  The tea choices were fabulous, and the way they steep the tea in the clear pot is fascinating.\n\nI had the Carolina Cuban melt sandwich to eat, it was very tasty and filling.\n\nI will be back.
Great place! I went in for a tire pressure check. I was in and out in less than 10 minutes and was given a bottle of water. FREE! Great service nice employees I come here for all tire stuff. :)  thanks Discount Tire Guys.
King Wong is the truth. Maria, I don't know what her job is exactly, but she was more than attentive and continuously asked us if we wanted more food...which is crazy because the portion size is incredible. Food was amazing.
Basically when you think Vegas you think Bellagio fountains. Amazing at night, not so much during the day. You can usually get an upgrade at any hotel that has a good view, this will make sure your room has a fountain view. It is a nice touch if you don't do Vegas often.
I have met this MUA in the N Lake mall, I thought she was very impersonable. I later had a friend that tried to book her for a make up class and she confirmed that she was unprofessional and I will never recommend her again. Beware and do you research
Bartender here was so rude, my drink was spilled and she yelled at me calling my a liar and attempting to only get a free drink when i asked to get a new one. I wont make it a point to come back here.
This location is very friendly and quick. I have ordered the turkey sub a several times, and the last two times the meat has been non existent. Not sure what is happening, but at the prices of subs, I expect a full sandwich.
We ordered pizza today for lunch in our dental office.  The doctor was eating and a piece of glass was in the pizza.  They offered to return the money never did.  I don't recommend going to this store.
Drove by this restaurant one day and decided to try it. I got the everyday combo for only 7.50 with 2 tacos, rice, beans, and a drink. It was amazing food with tender meat and authentic. I definitely recommend people go here!
Good pizza and beer selection
If you want to experience old vegas this would be a good starter. 2 out of 5 stars.
Great meal, highly recommend this place. The chef's menu is the way to go. You will not go away hungry!
Wonderful experience! These girls are fantastic at what they do! SO glad I found them!
This place is depressing, the casino floor is weak, the rooms are crammed and smells like toilet water. If it was located in the \"old strip\" it would be pretty awesome because the rest of that place is shit too.
When you can't even get good service at the bar imagine how sitting in the dining room might have been. Actually the male bartender was so rude to a customer not sure I would ever go back!!! Good luck if you decide to try it.....
We loved the decor, and the food is probably great, but we didn't eat there. We left after 40 minutes of waiting to be seated, even though we had made a reservation. Terrible service and not very friendly hostesses. What a waste of time ... and we'd had such high hopes for this place.
cheap and friendly..:)
I have eaten there about half a dozen times, and it is definitely going down hill,  Their Beef Strogonoff is a joke - no sour cream for the nice, expected creamy effect.
This place is awful.  Terrible service.  Terrible manager   Avoid this place. Waste of time and money.
It depends who is working if you get a person who is nice. They are rude on the phone and sometimes rude in the store.. I hate going to this store.
Chad and his Team were great. I had a problem with a tire sensor indicating low tire pressure and they had me bring it back and even gave me an upgrade. Their customer service was great and I would highly recommend them. Great rates; Great Service and Great cars!
Love this place! Awesome clothes. Washing them isn't always easy. Staff is ever so friendly and will even help you find their sale stuff if you let them know what you are looking for.
Been planning since Sarah was 4 months, for us to take baby to get his 1st teddy at build a bear. The staff is very helpful and walked us through their process since it was our first time. We wil definitely be coming here every holiday for baby because of their customer service and their product.
Be sure to get their Indian Curry. You won't be disappointed.
The food is overpriced and so are the drinks. The atmosphere is not casual and the place is not very inviting. The hostess was not friendly and neither was the staff inside. I did not enjoy coming to this place and I don't think I'll be returning.
I enjoyed this club a lot - spacious - lots of places to sit, read, talk or do some business. The overall cleanliness was spot, including restrooms. Staff was very friendly and actually made me feel good to have spent the money to join!
Love this place! I bring my stuff here to consign and I shop here as well. I've had lots of luck here and it's located in a great shopping center close to Last Chance!! Perf!
Nice bar in the Cosmo. It's pretty open, no walls or anything, so just walk up and grab a drink. They have some tables, but this is a better place for a quick drink and moving on. Good music and visual distractions.
I'm not sure which I liked better: the sandwich or the garlic pickle. Schwartz's is truly the definition of deliciousness on a plate.
They always have the fewest customers and longest/slowest lines of any of the local grocery stores.  Enough said.
Food was okay.  Service terrible.  10 minutes and nobody greeted or sat me.  Ordered drink then 7 minutes later was asked for food order, still no drink.  When food came had to ask for utensils and napkin. 18 minutes waiting for change. All this poor service and there were only 5 other guests in restaurant.  Very disappointed.
Went for lunch.\nThis is a local favorite. The meatball sliders are a big hit and pizza is a little pricey but worth it. \nStaff was friendly. Would come back again.
This place Was horrible!!! The steak was over cooked and tough, the service was so slow that it took us 2 hours to get our food the wine was delivered after 40 minutes. Sure the view is cool but really?? Glad some one else paid or I would be MAD.
Chicken tacos are awesome. I like that they have a short and simple menu. Draft beer selection is great.
Good service but if you advertise a breakfast as a healthy one, actually HAVE the whole wheat toast as mentioned. Bizarre.
If you like dumps that are out of half the things on the menu, this is the place for you.  And the owner didn't seem to be the least embarrassed that he was out of every kind of ribs.  That's it for me, never going back.
Your typical big chain book store.  Cute desk accessories.
Ate here once a week for almost a year.\n\nUntil I got food poisoning =(\n\nI suppose it's the risk you take eating fast food, but I still won't be back.\n\n2 stars because as much as I eat there it was bound to happen eventually.
I have been here four times now and have had a great spray tan experience each time. I will be back soon.
UPDATE: \nI had the Custom blended euro facial regular price $75. YELP special for all yelppers = $40 only.
3.5 star\n\nGreat neighborhood bar for a casual get-together. The food is ok and this trip we had great service. Good, clean spot to down a beer or two and roll on.
PRETTY! It is a great lounge, that is 3 levels. You are surrounded by shiny and glitter crystals. I felt like I was sitting in a champagne glass! It is large enough to lounge and people watch and the tunes are good. I recommend for a slightly more mellow night or for pre-club drinks.
Fabulous salon. Clean & calm. Very relaxing spa pedicure. Was going to do gel nails, but Natasha explained why I shouldn't at this time (apparently nails are too short). Very happy with the polish. Wi be going back for sure!
Took my grand kids for first time at this location. Where I come from they skate, not here. Order took a long time, beef way undercooked, fries blah, chick strips not good. No one liked anything...server looked stoned.
I aboslutley LOVE their Hawiian Chicken Salad with key lime dressing.  Yum!  I can see myself going back time after time to devour this dish. \nThe environment is very casual and upbeat.  Its a great place for lunch and meeting friends.
Great food. I had the hooley kebab for dinner. It was on the lunch menu but they still let me order it. Huge portion. Tasted my dads lamb stew and loved it! It was trivia night so winning 50 bones certainly helped w that 5th star;)
Must see the Boys II Men show! Beautiful hotel! Great nightclubs and nice restaurants. Would recommend checking out the hotel if you are in Vegas.
Amazing service and amazing people. NO BS!!! Highly recommended!! Best alternative for dealership / CASA!!!!
They fixed my daughter's iPod's broken glass in less than 90 minutes. When you drop off your item, they give you estimate and a claim check. Very polite business persons. The picture shows one of two games you can use while you wait. They also have Wifi and a television. Thanks guys!
Long wait for food. Food arrived cold. Disorganized waitstaff. Nice patio but I can get that at home. Go to Firehouse Subs. It's just down the way...
I love their pizza... so delicious... the down side if you order delivery its almost always an hour to an hour and a half... pick up is certainly easier! but YUM YUM YUM!
I stopped in here for lunch on the way to a Dbacks day game.  As mentioned by others, the tomato, mozz and basil sandwich is awesome.  I sat outside at one of the picnic tables and enjoyed every bite.
This place is straight up Korean food.  No weird American twists on it, no compromise in serving sizes.  Just good old Korean food that tastes great and left us wanting more...  even though we were about to explode when we got up to leave.\n\nAwesome, job!  We'll be back.
Decor was nice.    Good for happy hour appetizers.    Food was just mediocre.   Would only go back for happy hour not dinner.
Two separate packages from Amazon shipped via OnTrac.  Both were late.  One is still unaccounted for.  \nFirst tried the online web site.  Says package was out for delivery two days ago.  Phoned OnTac and she says she will need to page the driver and ask why he did not deliver it.
Average for Pad Thai and Fried Rice.
Amazing birthday dinner.  With so many options in Vegas it is hard to find a place that is truly special.  The food was delicious and ambiance was awesome.  Christine provided an unbelievable experience as the sommelier.  I cannot wait to come back!
The hotel is a throw back in time - friendly people and nice simple resort.  Love the free shuttle in the local area.  The restaurant though is not bad, but the service can definitely be improved especially at breakfast time.
Worst bagels ever period. Safeway makes this place looks silly. Ordered Lox and toasted bagel. Eating part of a wooden chair has more taste than both lox and bagel!
I guess its my fault for ordering a burger at a hotdog joint. Staff wasnt too polite. Pickles tasted weird. Good location though. Oh the burger was terrible.
I have had Troy do many repairs for me at my home always done right and resonablypriced.
Expensive. Funny how they have piano challenges, yet you have to pay to win. Ridiculous. My song I chose won at the end because someone paid money for it. Stupid. Save your money. Unless your song is from the 80's, they won't play it! Highly disappointed sadly
Toppings are always fresh. Pizza always good. This is my go-to place to find NY style pizza.
Great place to eat. Very cheap and very big portions. Staff is friendly and everything is cooked to order. I'm a big fan.
I shop this store all the time but am EXTREMELY frustrated at the constant empty shelves (and some of these items are their own brand). \nI have complained to the manager and written to corporate customer service but to no avail.  It's like they don't care about their customers.
The best nail spa in Gilbert by far. They also have mini pedi's and mani's which are a lot cheaper but almost the same exact thing as the regular manis and pedis.
My experience here was delightful. They have various smoothies to choose from! Customer service is great even though it seems like a bunch if teenagers are running the place. I loved the angel food smoothie with added peanut butter!
Swung by for a quick haircut while I was in town, and I am so happy with the final product. Antonio cut it quickly, and expertly. Five stars for a professional job.
I love this place! Great food, good service, and quick takeout. It has been a while since Apache Junction has had some decent Chinese food and I think the owners know it. I have never had a bad meal or bad experience here. Highly recommended!
Best sushi I have in Goodyear, AZ thus far. It is a bit pricey, but the quality and taste are on point. I would recommend to others
If you love getting lied to and ripped off then this is the place for you! The manager George told me that I received full synthetic oil but the technician told me that he installed standard 10w 30 and admitted  that George lies all the time. Really nice George!!
Service was slightly less than courteous, but the food was excellent and quick. Would def do again.
Went for Sunday Breakfast. Long wait, could not understand no gloves, no hand washing, no hat in the kitchen. When we paid the girl stopped prepping, took cash and went back to prepping without washing hands. Disgusting!!
This place had over priced food that was very below average not to mention a Camara that is working and records in the men's room!! WTF drinks tasted very weak STAY AWAY
Got the dumplings at a food truck festival. They came out fast and were nice n hot. Definitely had that hand made taste and texture ( in a good way). Will be back for sure.
Just walk.
Fantastic, fresh food at reasonable prices in a casual setting.  Creative menu and food ~ loved the prime rib and fresh veggies. Creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e was outstanding as was chocolate mousse.  Wonderful chef and incredibly personable staff with outstanding customer service.  Truly a fun little place!!
Horrible service. Server comes to the table on his phone and asks if we know what we wanted after seating us 2 minutes prior.... sorry we took take time away from your Facebook updates. Then we had to go up on our own twice to get water since no one was around.
Legos Legos Legos, this place was my son's heaven.  Actually it is real cool, they have a computer loaded with lego games and he played for an hour while I shopped!!!!!
Popped in on Saturday morning. Staff friendly pastries delicious. Got a spinach feta scone and a chocolate croissant with chocolate along with coffee.
Leaving a 1 star because I can't leave a 0 . This place is a joke and they never get my girls hair right . She's never coming back here they do not know how to color hair without messing up. Do not go here or you will regret it
I'm a guy and I hate shopping. But this location playa the 80's. Made the time go by cause I was jamming. Keep up the good work
I am really pissed they don't have the fresh baked pecan chocolate chip cookies anymore...... someone needs to be shot for this.
Use to love this place... Service and food have gone downhill, while prices have continued to go up.
Eh...its not your typical burger....purina yuppie chow!!
This Outlet has a lot of stores that you can shop at but be ready to walk around a lot! It's really close and right next to the vegas hotels! They also have a Dunkin Doughnut across the plaza from the shopping stores!
Awesome shoe selection!!
The best circle k I've been in. Cleanest too. No straws,  lids and soda all over the place like most. Everyone is friendly and helpful.
It took 2 hours to be seen, but the clerk was certainly friendly and helpful and got me out of there in less than 10 minutes.
We have seen this show 5 times and just about every other Cirque show - we consider it the BEST - Outstanding among outstanding choices....
I love the popcorn here the best flavors are the churro and kettle and a lot of other amazing flavors!! The people are always nice and friendly :)
This hotel sucks... 1030 pm they kick the guests out party poopers
The bed is sunk in, the room smells, it's really just not all that clean. We only stayed here cause it's pet friendly and we have our two small dogs.
Go here to interact with the staff, they are worth it. The food is just like what you would get anywhere else.
Josh has taken great care of my Kia, which I am trying to drive until the wheels fall off.  Honest and fast service.  We won't take our vehicles anywhere else.
I go here for the three dollar sandwiches.  You can't beat the price, especially for a prepared sandwich with fresh ingredients.  I will be back soon!
Really good. Long wait but was expected. Food took almost 45 minutes but that was expected as well. \nCouldn't complain everything was great
My girl and i walked into Chili's thinking it was applebee's .....lol.\nI had their new chicken avocado on a pretzel roll sandwich .\nVERY TASTEY !  check it out.\nGood service...
This show was the absolute best part of our recent trip to Vegas. Absolutely loved this show! The lead was amazing - his voice was such a trip. Standing ovation at the end. Incredible show - don't miss it.
Nice, quite, clean, near to main st. Sant Cathryn. \n\nHotel upgraded my checked in room due to AC breakdown. \n\nGood experience. \n\nLoved it,
Really great experience. Called before I left MSP. Got to PHX and car was ready as soon as I got my bags. Very clean and professional. Will use again when car service is needed. Well done. Thanks.
Chin-Chin was our last choice for dinner and it wasnt that great.  I have had way better chinese and definitely better sushi.   If you can afford something else in NY, NY,  go elsewhere.
Margaritas were amazing. It was a nice place to have good food and watch the football games. It helped that the manager had a bears Jersey on. Tortilla soup was great.
Great little park, my 6yo and 10yo love playing on the playground and running around in the desert pretending to be coyotes or horses. Great disc golf and some short hiking/Mtn biking trails too
The staff is always friendly and helpful.  However, I find that their designer items tend to be on the pricier end.  Will stop by now and again  to see if I can find a good deal.
Gross. Everything.
This place has simply the best pancakes i have ever had in my life. Service was quick and friendly.
I agree with rw from Scottsdale. The fish and chips were bad. My fish was way overdone and the fries were soggy. My friend's fish tacos looked much better. Not a big fan of fish tacos but wish I got those instead.
Got the half lb. ranch burger. It was good. Don't. See what the big hype is over
Whataburger has a decent burger, but is definitely not one of my favorite places even for fast food. This location hasn't been too busy on the few occasions that I have dined here though, so it has been quick and convenient for me.
Great coffee at reasonable prices, wish they had more options for food but a great neighborhood coffee spot. Nice staff, and clean ambience.
This place is off the strip so the prices are better here.  Has everything you need to take to the hotel.  Local types here and friendly service.  Not a lot of transients hanging around like other places in the area.
This is the best Mexican food in York County. Best queso dip I have ever had. Great flavors and service. I go at least once a week. I love how it's right across from Neighborhood.
Meh... This yoga studio is just okay. There are much better hot classes in Charlotte (and at a much cheaper price). It seems like people just go here so they can check-in on Facebook rather than practice yoga.
Just a bar with some tvs. A tad small, but has a lil outside area. Bartender was super friendly. Prolly cool for a sports game. Smelled a bit funny, but I can't imagine that's always the case.
I wouldn't recommend this place at all. I can make a better looking plate than these guys. I will Not be going there anymore.
This place is the best place around here! Great service and great people! I always get my nails done here and it's a great environment that smells good and clean!
Sky high prices, low quality tastes. I guess you can do that when you're located right off the casino floor by the sports book.
Below average Italian food and miserable service on the night we were there. I was back on a second occasion with a group and had only a slightly better experience. 2 stars for a nice patio.
Horrible customer service. Went with a friend and she was interested in signing up, when we walked in the staff was not friendly. They said I didn't have a guest pass on my account. They did not let my friend work out, so we left. She no longer wants a membership.
One of the best burgers I've had in recent memory.  A healthy shot of cheese, crispy bacon. Amazingly affordable for an airport restaurant.  My go to place for when I'm laying over in Phoenix in the future.
Hands down best chicken strips ever!!!!! Nothing beats it! Tried it once and now I'm hooked. I personally like the fried strips with the honey mustard sauce. The Mac and cheese is also very good. Must try!
Nice and relaxed. Not to stuffy. Very Casual. I will come back for a quick bite with a glass of wine.
It's a breakfast joint, that caters to the health food fanatics as well as the big boy club. The staff is well selected- good looking women. The food beats your typical breakfast places(Denny's, IHOP, & Village) but not the best.
I had the carne asada burrito with red enchilada sauce and it was great!  The first time i had nachos and they were ok.
An average experience. We came for the happy hour and there are some good options. The food was okay, nothing that blew me away. We were out on the patio/balcony area which gives a great view.  Our server was very attentive. The beers are of course great.
Good food located in a good area. The crowd is great food is americanized Japanese
A slight taste of New Orleans on Mill Ave. Although the drinks aren't as good or as powerful as what you find on Bourbon St, a decent substitute when you can't get to the Big Easy. There are a variety of flavors to choose from.  Service was generally quick. Has outdoor seating.
AMAZING bbq, great place, insane collection of beer. and the food is really good. The amount that you get is crazy, very big portions
Had a really great lunch here. The place is VERY unassuming from the outside, but the food AND service is spot on. We split a salad and a pizza- with 2 glasses of wine... it came out to a very reasonable price. I definitely recommend this spot if you're in the area!
Really nice and thoughtful people at this store, prices are fair, they do their best and thats good enough for me.  Easy access through Dicks sporting goods, stay on 1st floor go straight ahead on left.
Vegas is ridiculously far from the ocean and this place reflects that.  The rolls taste like Safeway rolls and the sashimi was mostly bad. Only one out of our 3 nigiri sushi tasted fresh
Tasty sandwiches and breakfast burritos. Cheap and tasty. \n\nI got the wasabi streak sandwich with chips and a drink for $5 on special.
Drai's in Hollywood is better. Would you believe that? I never thought that would ever come out of my mouth. That something in Los Angeles would be better then Vegas. But true. This club is too dark and low ceilings. Kinda boring.
I went here for a wine tasting with the Arizona Winebats and had a great time. The  people were really nice, the wine was good and the appetizers we had for our event were very good and plentiful. I will definitely go back for dinner or more yummy appetizers.
I'm very satisfied with this cleaners, fast cleaning (sometimes even at the same day) and reasonable price.
Nice. Clean. Extremely welcoming staff.  Our room was nice, but needed some love.  Family of four.... enjoyed our stay!
Decent food with borderline ghetto service. \n\n....think Dave Chappelle's \"Pop Copy\" sketch with slightly better corporate training.
The food was fine, the issue is with the soda dispenser. The ice cubes are literally dirty, you can see the dirt inside the ice. After complaining to management, I got a refund for my food, but then refused to bring me the food I ordered. I would not come here again.
Good beer selection. Very bland food. Small portions and over priced.
Great food, great drinks, clean, and good customer service.
1 scoop of hazelnut gelato.  Nothing to rave about.  Nice, smooth and not too sweet.  There was a large selection of gelato and sorbet.
Very nice little place. It sort of reminded me of The Place before it became bigger and lost a bit of quality. Great portion sizes and even better prices.
Unfortunately, since its inception many, many years ago Todai has gone down-hill. When I was younger I remember how good the sushi was. Now, I remember to not go again.
Yawn...employees kind of doucheeeeee
I've been bringing my family to this location since 2003. We love this place. They have always treated us well. The manager has seen our 5 kids grow up, and she greets us every time with a big smile and hug! Love the food! My favorite is the California Club! Our family loves the staff! This is our favorite place!
i ended up getting my refund back. thanks
Great food, good service, nuff said! Eat here and enjoy!
Yes, it's smaller than it looks on TV. Yes, the guys are not around. Yes, it's expensive. Yes, you don't have to wait in line if you go in the morning on a week day. Yes, it's fun to visit the place you see on TV. Yes, you probably only visit once.
Pretty good location. They tend to get pretty busy at lunch time, when I usually frequent this place, but they are efficient and always seem to get each customer in and out as quickly as possible. Customer service is pretty friendly as well.
I don't even remember what I had here. I just remember the view.
Dishonest thieves!!! Stay away
Cool staff and vibe plus great coffee
Horrible service. Waiting for almost 3 hours just to get discharged. I don\"t understand why they are included.in the 100 best hospitals. Please re review.
The food was awesome!  I had the fish tacos with rice.  The rice had a coconut flavor that was very different, but good.  And, the fish tacos were the best I've ever eaten.  I hope they build some of these restaurants in Texas!  I LOVED it!!!!
Nothing but trash that comes into this place! Food is average but I would recommend trying somewhere else
The service was good. The food was good and you get very large portions. I ordered the turkey burger which was the biggest one I've ever seen and the sweet potato fries that come with it were enough for 4 people. The price was decent for all that food.
This place is great!  Nice place to grab some ice cream and hang out in the back patio.  I had the Toasted Coconut Ice Cream shake, I loved it!\n\nGreat place to take a date, after dinner or just to hang out and talk.
Just wanted something quick and gave this place a try.\nIt was ok because I was hungry and service was good.\nStill cant beat the sushi at takamatsu which is only yards away down the street.
Drinks are extremely good. Fresh ingredients, innovative combinations, and not too sweet like many places. We had flat bread and the Lustre burger. Taste and presentation was excellent. Our server was great, she was just very busy. This place is a draw.
It's Panda.  You know what you're getting and it is average food for an average price.  I can't eat here very often though.
Over priced, nothing special. Seattle pho is where it's at.
The service is so bad here!  The dim sum is ok.  It takes forever to get them to come to the table for more Dim Sum.  I rather go to other local places for Dim Sum
My gel manicure started peeling off in big chunks after a week.  I read all these good reviews so I was really expecting a great manicure, but I wasn't impressed.
I have been to this place twice and both times my order was incorrect. Nice people though, but I would like my order not to be messed up especially when I have to wait 20 minutes.
Taking longer than expected but was taken in right away. Daughters haircut looks nice.
The only redeeming factor for this casino is Primo's and the movie theatre located inside. Place is a real dump and you are more likely to find locals playing the slots than card games. I heard cougars are plentiful here.
Loved the happy hour
Ichi ban has pretty decent sushi. What really keeps me coming back here though is the half price sushi menu. I have had numerous bad experiences with their staff, as they are pretty disorganized and don't communicate well.However,  my friend and I keep coming though because we always enjoy the food and wallet friendly price at the end.
They will always appraise your car a few thousand less than kelly blue book. Some sales people are nice and some behave like they hate their job.
Man oh Man....don't know what is up with it, but is seems to be going down a slippery slope fast...everything is slipping, from service to food...   :(   :(   :(
Every kid I know LOVES this park. It is one of my If your good well go ploys and to go here my son would do just about anything.
2nd time here in as many years. Love the food both times. Great background music. Upscale food in casual atmosphere. Good service, quick and efficient. 2 adults and 11 year old $118 with a solid tip including wine.
Great place for homestyle hearty food.  Excellent service and our meals were delivered as ordered.  Our waitress, Leah, was attentive and checked on us frequently. Ordered chicken fried chicken,  biscuits and gravy and open faced roadt beef sandwich.  \nDefinitely will come again.
Not great food.  Seems frozen & warmed up.  Service was mediocre.\n\nService was ok.  A glass smashed & shards landed on our table, so they comped us the meal, which was nice.\n\nI'd eat elsewhere next time.
Like this place, the baristas are really nice but there is no comfortable seating. Really wish they had some cushion chairs. I have my car worked on down the street and hang out while it's getting fixed and the hard chair are bad for the back.
Juju K: Maybe you're confused because prime rib is not a steak at all, but a slice of roasted beef.
The room was nice. There was some ambient noise from the street. Parking was close and easy to find. They gave us a voucher for a free breakfast buffet, which was okay.
Awesome service and perfect portion sizes BUT the taste of the food could use improvement.
Took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner. Outstanding service and the food was on point!
The restaurant didn't look promising. Located in a nondescript strip mall, it looked like a deli lunchroom. We took a chance and were rewarded with a friendly neighborhood atmosphere and good food. We ordered a medley of beef cuts, including skirt steaks and short ribs. The wonderful chimichurra sauce made the meal a winner.
Great service and delicious food. Cool atmosphere and friendly people.  The hash browns were delicious. Definitely worth the short drive from the strip to visit.
Inexplicably Whole foods switched out their baked goods supplier and now they don't have decent chocolate or almond croissants anymore.   Now I have to go to Panera bread, Starbucks or the local bakeries.   Bad move, I hear that a lot of customers are complaining about this.
Pure charm in every way, and a perfect kitchen.  Fantastic bartender.  It's one of the Valley's best!
While this branch is small in size it is really convenient and has a great selection of books and DVDs. They are only 7 computers but they are all new and the branch has had a few upgrades in the past year. The staff is helpful and the branch has super fun holiday decor for all the different seasons.
Good food but the service is spotty. Last time it was actually pretty good but you never know. Makes it hard to want to come back a lot.
35 minutes to drop off the Kim-chee. really?
Thank you for bringing back a classic. We used to go here for the long island ice tea, and the new owners did not let us down. The drinks were good and strong, and the price was $2 more but well worth it. We are regulars again.
Inventive twists on traditional Italian fare. Nothing too dramatic, but everything tastes very good and the atmosphere and service are very enjoyable as well. Full bar, lots of happy hour specials and live music/dancing on the weekends. Fun place!
Old Country Buffet is above average as far as American buffets go. If you're in the mood for it, it's pretty tasty.
Interesting menu with lots of original offerings, however it is fairly limited. Great beer selection!  Prices are a little high for what you are getting. Great central location.
Yuck..\nThe beans are hard, the meat is seasoned badly and whoever is making the rice can't tell when it's done. I can't think of one positive thing about this restaurant. \nThe food was just bad and I never want to eat here again.
I had a great experience. The woman working there was kind and patient. I will never use the post office again.
This establishment is beyond great, good people with great attitudes and customer service skills.  Quick shout out to the early morning peeps Kyle and Josh for keeping the LRG Carmelizers coming so early in the AM.
Every thing is over priced compared to many other stores that sell the same things
Lovely food, great wine, great service, great price!\n\nIt is well worth the couple hundred bucks you would spend here. Everyone in my party was happy with the meal!\n\nWe had apps, main and dessert and a few bottles of wine. Would not hesitate to go again!
My wife and I celebrated our 40th wedding anniversary dinner here and it was our first visit.  The service, atmosphere and food were excellent.  We had the salmon and pork chop.  They were cooked to perfection!  \nWe were very pleased with experience and cannot wait for our next visit.
Anyway who thinks that Vegas is \"The Entertainment Capital Of The World\" has never been to Pattaya, Thailand =p
The first time I walked into this \"Greek\" restaurant I looked at a chalkboard full o lunch specials. \n\nNone of the specials were Greek!\n\nThe food was tasty, and the waitress was very friendly, but my expectations were not met. :(
Our favorite sushi spot. Definitely the best in the west valley. Their happy hour is 3:00-6:00 daily and has some great deals on it. Service can be a little slow in Fri and Sat nights but the sushi is delicious.
We were a group of 6 for lunch.  3 had burgers, 1 calamari, and 2 had pizza.  Total bill was $117 without alcohol .  Food was very good, just over priced.  I did not like that the server added a 18% tip automatically.  Would have given 20%.
I have been to a lot of ranch 99 supermarkets and this one is the worst one by far. It's on the smaller side, it's super crowded, and the bakery section is absolutely abysmal. There was no bakery really. Just a cramped corner.
This is a typical dinner place. Breakfast foods are good and priced right. The pies are good and Wednesdays are free slice of pie day.
Too much cheese...on the tortillas, the salad, the guac. Hard to understand the servers' thick accents. It will take you a few visits to figure out how to order the way you want it. Good food. Fast service.
Service was great. Loved the BlackBerry Pear Cider. The seasonal double IPA was delicious too. Wait for special guest Black Pat and your time will be amazeballs.
Love Burger King, hate this store, they are rude, never get the orders right, more interested in playing with their co workers than taking care of the customer, the food is always stale and way past it's expiration, worst worst worst location ever !!!  I would rather starve than eat here !!!!
Too expensive. Food is alright. I rather go to either Bellagio or Rio.
Not the plae to be on a friday night unless you love techno music and I dont. I'm glad it was free or I would have really been mad. My group of 7 left after 1 hour and decided to gamble instead. The good thing is I won 100 that night.
I was definitely impressed with the burgers at this location. The drawback is the price. $15 and change for a couple of burgers, without fries.....ouch!!!
I had the egg Benedict *** Good*** The service was Okay!!! Not too busy.... Easy find at New Years Day 2015.
The staff is friendly and Dr, Mark is awesome!  I have been a customer for 2 years and am will be returning from my next eye check up.
cute stuff, good sales! RUDE sales associates went in the other day wearing gym clothes and they looked at me like i was trash! Sorry ladies didnt know there was a dress code, work on your services skills and maybe i will shop there again
Needed polish removal and repolish. Friendly Fast service! Very nice clean environment with up to date equipment. They saw me Immediately. I didn't get the pedi but they do hot stone massage and for a great price! Totally worth it! ;) Will be back!
The usually good food was disappointing. Two Specials (Entrees) bombed.\nTrio Ravioli was over laden with dough.  and the Linguini with clam sauce was tasteless.\nStick with sandwiches and pizza.
Went there to purchase outdoor furniture . Salesperson Brandon could not have been more helpful. When I need something for my fireplace I know where I will be going to.
I will only come here for the house margaritas. I'm not a fan of the food here.
Just had a cheese steak sandwich here and realize that they had NFL happy hour made me very happy and the cheese steak was awesome definitely a comeback to
I get take out on a frequent basis. I love their sweet sour soup !  Good quality for a reasonable price. The dine-in area is small and dated.  I always call in my order. Never a problem.
Used to work at Peter Lik WAY up there on the 3rd floor. \"There's a 3rd floor in the Forum Shops?\" And thus place makes an amazing pumpkin sliced mocha (in season) and some bomb Mochas any time )
The few times that I have been to Mario's, it has been excessively loud, incredibly crowded and there's always some chick puking in the bathroom.
Good product selection.  They didn't have the brand of hair that I use for braiding, hence 3 stars.
Pretty much got hustled again, $83 cover charge just to be way too uncomfortable by how overpacked it is. Pretty much chest to chest everywhere you go in the club. How dare people say it is the highest rated club when you can't even move. Terrible...just terrible...
I chose to call this service because of the outstanding Yelp ratings but I must say the dispatcher was short and rude on the phone.  I also needed a taxi (SUV) to accommodate a family of 6 to the airport with bags and they cannot offer a service beyond 5 people.
The korean food is delicious overall but it takes FOREVER for the food to come out.
my husband and i stayed here because we bought a travel zoo voucher we had a suite  but the hotel was very boring no one was in the club and the sports lounge was a joke it was playoffs and it was only three couples there.  This place must be going out of business wont be back the room was average
It's really just like Cheesacake factory, but I don't think it's an upscale version of it... just more expensive. My waitress was nice & attentive. I think you get better value at the Cheesacake factory.
We just went and got one of the new $7.99 pizzas-after reading the other review-I thought well it might be the last.\n\nOMG-we loved it and we will do it again.  We all thought it was great!
I been there but its been a long time i never been back to the strip i miss the strip already.  I liked structure of the hotel and its modern style and its attracting to tourist people who don't leave in Vegas.
Horrible customer service!! So bad I decided to leave my cart filled with New Year's Eve party decorations because of the employees attitude. Especially the young boy at the register. Train your employees before you let them handle customers! I blame management for the horrible service. You lost out on a sale Party City!!
Got the shrimp as well as the scallops wrapped in bacon for appetizers.  Both were awesome.  The Texas redfish ans tuna were also excellent for main course.  Our waiter and his 2 helpers were very attentive, and he suggested an excellent bottle of Pinot for around 55 bucks.
Clean your bathroom!!  \nP.S.  you sell food cleanliness is a good thing
This drive thru is ALWAYS busy, so get here early and don't be in a rush! However, the staff is always very quick and cheery, and they always get my day started right by simply being in such a good mood, despite their cranky customers! Thanks guys!
Thanks for the great facilities. Not flashy or even luxurious, but everything we needed was provided. Thanks and happy holidays to you too! if you had wifi, this would have been a five star rating.
Overrated, ok service, very bland food.
Slow slow slow slow. The food  is average at best, but then again I am not an expert in Mexican food all I can tell you is it wasn't anything special. But the service, holy moley did it ever take long to get my burrito. The only thing the place had going for it was it was cheap.
I love the cheese cake factory! Great price, great portion, great taste! I used to go all the time, but then I moved (thank god). But I'd go back for this cake! My favourite was the 4 cheese pasta and the original cheese cake
Went to eat last night. Food was great, it was extremely slow and serves suck. You would except the opposite since it was so slow. I did enjoy the music.
Dinner only. Try to make a reservation for priority seating. Still you might wait 45 minutes but its better than 90 mimutes! \n\nFood is good. Try the grilled artichokes for starters.
Finally a reasonably priced casual dining option in Vegas!\n\nI personally see this place as an almost duplicate to Cheesecake Factory in terms of food, menu, quality, decor, etc.\n\nGreat for salads and yummy appetizers.  Breakfast too!
Great Jewish deli!!!!!!!  Definitely coming back with my family when they visit in from new York!!!
Friendly enough place
This buffet is huge! And the line isn't as long as other buffets frequently by \"tourists\" in my opinion, which means the line isn't too bad. The food is good and locals get a 50% off discount with NV ID and players card anytime except Saturdays and Sunday brunch
Went here after dinner & had the white chocolate with macadamia nuts. Yummy! Want to try more flavors but we are checking out tomorrow morning.
Service is slow\nFood is good though\nOnly one selection of sides , fries.
Love the Vegas standard guy girl ratio! had my 5 guy friends wait in line for 2+ hours! Vegas bouncers think they the sh*t, how much education & training you need to become a bouncer again?! Mmmm how bout NONE?! =)
I have never seen a perfectly prepared Med 8oz THICK fillet mignon cooked to my wifes needs! She always sends it back to be cooked more! Not this time!! These guys are awesome!!! Really enjoyed the dinner!! AWESOME work Tim!!
Must try the goat, chicken pakora and chicken naan! The chicken sagg was the best!! Great service and clean place! Coming back to try their buffet soon!
I have been waxed by Molly and Trish and had great experiences with both! I'm an Aesthetician as well so I can be a little picky but I must give credit where credit is due... Pretty Kitty is one of the best in town!
Really good food and service!! Highly recommend it!!
I've been here twice so far.  I've gotten the regular Gyro and the spicy Gyro.  Both were great and ready really quickly!  The prices are spot-on (unlike another nearby Greek restaurant that charged $8 for hummus!).
Soooo slooooow.  The smoothies and sandwiches are always great but it takes forever to get your food or smoothie.  I feel bad for the employees, there is typically only two girls working for the morning rush.
Great shop with product that isn't always carried  in your bog standard pet store - lots of things my finicky cats will actually eat!  the owner is super nice and helpful.  If you are in luck, you may meet her two pups too!
Beautiful venue, nothing amazing from the menus and service was so-so. Tried the meatballs which were a rave and I wasn't too fond. Everything was very average and the presentation was low key. Prices didn't reflect what the venue lacked. There are better places that deserve the rating this place has that are way better!
Overall a solid value for lunch - The Gyro's here are well done and the hummus is fantastic. Try the plain hummus with diced Jalapeno's on top - Yum!!!
Greatest pizza in our area. The only improvement I can suggest is their forks and knives really stink. The pizza melts the gangs of the forks and you cannot cut the pizza without sawing a lot. Best to eat it there but it reheats well too!
The chips are fresh, so is the salsa, the food was just okay,  nothing that I would run back to! But the shrimp ceviche and the margaritas definitely would have me running back only during happy hour!\nThe service was A1, everyone was very nice and friendly, especially my waiter Claudio!
Outdoor mall.  More for the 40+ crowd.  On a warm day, it's a nice place to walk around as there's mist sprays everywhere and various restaurants to eat at.
What can I say about this place. I went in for a certain reason and they were awesome. They knew what I was going in for and no messing around giving me false promises they did their job above and beyond. The whole staff was friendly and made me feel welcome the minute I walked in.
Very bland, I ate a burger that had NO flavor. I have never had to put salt and pepper on a burger but i had to on this burger. Ribs were on of the entrees of the day, they were horrible! It was like eating rubber with cold BBQ sauce
Won't go back. Horrible customer service. Made an appointment with friends. They took a walk-in after we had checked in for our appointment. Two of the three of us got pedicures, while one waited.  Rude.
Finally had a chance to return and took advantage of the Tuesday tasting menu (with wine pairing).  Needless to say, I was not disappointed.  As remembered, the flavors were amazing and the service was absolutely perfect!  I will certainly be back - hopefully sooner than later.
A delight for a LV restaurant -- however, not up to par with Gagnaire's other restaurants at the Mandarin properties (e.g., Pierre at the Mandarin in Hong Kong).  Overall, the quality of the food and the service was well worth the expense.  We dined a la carte and had a lovely evening.
I usually don't write bad reviews. I love my coffee and I have expectations. No caramel drizzle and no cup holders?? Inventory personnel need to be fired. End of rant :)
Isn't this a sports bar?  \nNo specials for MNF, just the happy hour, which ends 90 minutes before the game ends. No big deal, unless you're marketing yourself as a Sportsbar - in which case honor the game and have a MNF, SNF, TNF special
Cramped seating is an understatement; either that, or I'm a double wide kind of guy!  The video quality was good, sound was good; seats were just too tight, no shoulder room.
Service was fantastic. Food good. Only problem was the fruit side on the kids menu was 2 grapes 1 orange wedge. We asked for more and not only got the same exact thing but were charged $1.95 extra \n\nThis is just WRONG
i hope the replacement  becomes a real grocery store with competitively-priced items. i will miss their yummy sandwiches and salads!
This restaurant is a hidden Gem. The food is great, fresh, the help is very friendly and attentive. It is right in the middle of Stephanie between the 215 and the Galleria Mall.  We found it by accident and it is the BEST Chinese food we have found in Nevada. This is a must!
Delicious, greasy breakfast food.  Mediocre to good service, depending on the day, time, and server.  Large portions.
Was a perfect dining experience!
Friendly service legit tacos. trust me i was raised in California. Very busy is always a good sign.
Always a great place to bring our little one (4 years old) Games are Fun, pizza is always great. Prices haven't changed much over the years. Highly recommend for anytime of day and any occasion.
Tried the Ploye with Matane shrimp and the panna cotta. There was so much dressing that you couldn't taste the sweetness of the shrimp, which is the point of having Matane shrimp in the first place. The panna cotta was pretty ordinary with a peach sauce and pieces of gingerbread cookie on top.
Be careful. I was quoted 2 different prices for the 90 minute massage. Then they cancelled at the last minute. Business 101 is not adhered to here it seems.
I love this place. Talia has been my server the last 2 times and does her job well. Tried the Mac and cheese after reading a previous review. Delicious!! Food is great. Grilled medium wings are fantastic too. Must!check!this!place!out!!!:)
I highly recommend these guys.  I normally change my own oil but haven't had time in the past couple months.  They did it in less than 10 minutes for the cheapest price I could find--I have no idea how they beat Wal-Mart's price, but more power to 'em!
Bad service. I waited for 30 for someone to come help, then I ran out of patient, so I left.
fresh food!!! great service!!! worth the wait!
Pretty good. Nothing to shout about. Alright breakfast but it's not a restaurant you'd be clamouring for. It's decent
Got shrimp tempura roll. Was pretty good. Got a fire cracker roll it was yummy because I tasted the spice. Got tempura shrimp with tempura veggies. Pretty good price because happy hour. Whole bill was about 25.
Terrible service - slow, indifferent, inhospitable.  Mediocre food.  So many better places - don't waste your money.
Clean place, friendly staff. The only negative thing I can say about the place is they typically have 1-2 printers down.
I liked the old poker room better.  The new 'room' feels like an afterthought.  \n\nFriendly, courteous & professional staff.  2 daily poker tournaments.
Great service and great prices if you have one of the fuel programs they accept and they will waive handling fees with purchase.
I ate here the day of the PHX NASCAR race - I felt like a total redneck.  LOL  That being said, it was decent food - the bisquits and gravy were avg.
This is the best las vegas buffet I have been to. Really worth the price. I liked almost everything.
Yummy plates at great prices! Their also no cheap on portions ;)
L
Got food poisoning here yesterday--it was either from the lettuce or the shrimp dumpling
Amazing spot. We did not eat here, but enjoyed cocktails on the massive \"back porch\" area. Expect a fun-loving diverse crowd, lots of bar games (ping pong, darts, pool, foosball, shuffle board), good service and well made drinks. The bathrooms could use some work.
This was a really good sandwich. It was toasted perfectly and was just the right size. Will be back when visiting Vegas!
This place is ok, not great and not bad. They have some good lunch specials through the week. When I'm in the mood it satisfies my craving for seafood. It can be a little understaffed at times which means don't go here if you are in a hurry.
This Starbucks drive thru has spoiled me on others.  The wait is always less and the team is always friendlier.  The drinks are pretty awesome too.
Do not waste your time or MONEY here! I was in a rush to get by eyebrows waxed and they were slow, extremely sloppy and  I walked out with crooked eyebrows!!!! She didn't even trim my eyebrows when I asked her too!\nI will never go back again!!!!!
Cool underground vibe! I love the dark ambiance, brick walls, and the fire places in the center with surrounding booths, tables and chairs. \n\nReasonably priced drinks for the downtown area. Good bar staff!\n\nGreat ambiance and great place to just hang out!
Nice selection of \"sandwiches\" and while enjoyable to eat I feel they could be a little more flavorful.  Its a nice alternative to quiznos and subway.\n\n*Doesn't serve coke products
Want to stuff your fat face? This is the place. Want good pizza in Sun Prairie? Easy since there are so many great pizza places. Just yelp it
I could definitely appreciate the newness of this hotel. Favorite aspect about this hotel is the poolside!!!! Great restaurants inside, too... especially the tapa restaurant!  Need to be more than somewhat of a techy person to appreciate the non-standard ammenities in your room!
Way better now that it is Stacie's! Stacy is very friendly and welcoming !! They are friendly and gave great customer service!!
Decided to give this place a 2nd chance since I was in the area & needed a hard wax Brazilian! And I must say it was pretty darn good! Really not painful at all for a Brazilian and super clean and speedy!
Extended hours to 10PM in the summer.  They now have smoothies/orange julius.  Previous comments stand and prices went up even more!
Ew. I've eaten at another streets location and this one did not compare in the slightest. The pasta was clearly reheated, the bread was stale and the salad was sub-par at the most. If you want REAL italian, go to rocco's.
Food was not worth the attitude. It made dinner very uncomfortable. The cuisine is unique, but poorly prepared. Again, service was horrible. The original Havana Cafe... off Camelback, is superior. Stay clear of THIS location.
WARNING: DO NOT STAY HERE!\n\nBad customer service and very small rooms and bathrooms.\nMotel 6 converted, no one should charge 100+ for a ill designed room.
Took forever to be seen by waitress. Not busy. Didn't ask me for anything to drink. Food was not bad but not good either. Got my order wrong. Nothing to write home about. I will not be coming back here.
I get the theme of the restaurant but the service was horrible. I asked for lemon about 5x and didnt get it till I was done with my food. The food was horrible, dry and had no flavor and it was waaaayyyy over priced. You couldnt pay me to go back.
Entertaining show in Las Vegas but more noise than actual music. The special FX are nice but the blue paint on the faces are the most astounding. The finale us spectacular.
Great food, good service. Nice wines. I love the tofu secuwa and the dal soup.
My technician talked the ENTIRE time about her baby daddy and all her issues. Not very happy with the service. Will never go back!
The Trump offers a magnificent accomodation with  flat screen TV, beautiful spa tub, kitchen, 2nd bathroom (offered in suites) and full kitchen. The Trump is the way to go. \nGet the Suite its well worth it.
Great staff, awesome hot dogs, strong cocktails and beads to boot.   I celebrated my birthday downtown with gal pals and when I went to cash in my nickles I even received a special birthday string of beads.   Not for the snooty Strip crowd.
I don't particularly like this end of the strip; it's all to Disney inspired for me. These hotels are starting to show their age, but the price is usually pretty good, we got out of there for three nights for less than our car rental!
Long time for the meat come,  not well flavored meat. Don't waste your money, go for Fogo de Ch\u00e3o.
Great food! Great service and very consistent. Been coming here for years and never disappointed
We had a great late lunch here today. Excellent food and excellent service as well. The dining room is very small and cosy. The prices were also very reasonable.
Eeh. Its okay if you feel like taking a day off from the kitchen. Had their dessert once, I wasn't blown away but im not really big on sweets. Service isnt the greatest either.
I love their summer dresses, i bought like 8 of them, nice cotton fabric and very well prices!  I actually had the change to meet the owner and they were super nice!  I do have to say most of the other stuff didn't fit me, since I'm an XL, but their summer dresses are fantastic!
This place is the worst strip club in the world I would avoid this place at all costs I would avoid this place. I think that the person in the front is the most rude ass person in the world.  All we asked was to speak with the manager an got escorted out
Always very attentive! Best customer service, great job consistantly :)
Great layout.  It almost seemed like their bar had different venues.  Great food & selection of beers too.\n\nI was amazed how awesome the service was.  We went on a really busy night.
Went on a Groupon for an 80 minute Hot Stone Massage. What a wonderful Spa!\n\nThe staff was wonderful, the experience was excellent, and I can't say near enough nice things about my time at Ritual! I'll absolutely be going back!
The food is very tasty and the location right in the heart of the resort district.  Thought the prices a bit high.  Outrageous that they charge $4. for bread
Delicious cup of coffee. Very impressed Mr. Peets.\n\nWill be returning whenever I can
Beware of the mouth breather at the drive-through! I've never seen someone mess up an order so many times in my life in the matter of minutes!
Not only was the room beautiful, the staff was great too. Ariella was very helpful during check in! She made sure we had everything we needed. She even offered us water and gave us a bottle of tooth paste since we forgot to bring one. \nI will defiantly be staying here again thanks to her  great service!
I just check my room and find out bed bugs on my bed I never coming back again here \nThe room looks clean but u never know how much time the spend to clean the room  first time here and my last time \nGoing to call the management
Their burrito is tasty and very big for a reasonably affordable price. Very  good for takeout if you feel like eating Mexican.
YUM and super cheap!
I e-mailed them my review to give them a chance to reprive themselves, annnnnndddd nothing.
I totally love this place, reasonable price for a all you can eat sushi buffet. Huge selection of deserts and all you can eat sushi.  Service is exceptional, parking is abundant and tons of shops to shop around.  Only 4 out 5 stars because its location, quite a drive for to get too.
I'm here all the time what can you say it's a 99c store. They do have fresh produce everyday last min items for a good healthy dinner.
Cilantros is good honest food and quick too.  Nothing fancy but good carnitas, carne asada and chile verde with rice and beans in a tin to go.
We went for breakfast and it was a great value for the money. Owner at the front is a nice guy. Only complaint was our waitress, but I think she may have been new and still finding her groove.  Other than that, a-ok.
I LOVE the fact that they will substitute sugar for splenda!  Great prices, friendly and speedy service and delicious Smoothies!
Some manager called destiny was rude and unprofessional to not only are table but a few others. I will never eat here again.
I had the special pizza of the day ($10 to eat in, $15 to go), artichoke, garlic, tomatoes w/olive oil.  It was a bland dry cracker crust with gluey cheese and maybe four bits of artichoke in the center, very little topping.  It was horrible.
Pros: cool atmosphere, lots of activities, interesting food, sustainable/organic alcohol \n\nCons: HOT. They must not use a/c... Lack of parking, overpriced drinks
The cappuccino I was served a couple of weeks ago was first class, but I've just had one where the milk must've been boiled... three times previously. It was absolutely awful. \nThat said, the views of the arena, and the rolo slices are out of this world!
The quality of pizza here is on par with any of the other joints in the Oakland area such as Sorrento's or Antoon's. The prices are slightly higher, but it seems the pies here are made to order rather than being premade.
The staff here are amazingly nice.  I watched a disabled customer come in with crutches who they greeted by name and even helped him back out to his car with his ordered.  When my husband spilled his coffee,  not only did they quickly come to clean it up,  they also gave him another drink for free.  Great staff!
Fantastic everything! Especially the green chile burgers and milk shakes. Will be coming back very soon!
Very good food.  prices are great for all the food you get. Best place in West Valley
The stores are nice but the people around here are stuck up. Even the employees aren't courteous. First and last time shopping there.
To say in words would do an injustice to it's amazing craft of Italian food. Try to go during the week when it is not so busy.  If you love Italian food, this is the place to go.
I have been going here for years.  Little Mom and Pop shop.  Great sandwiches, especially the Super Sicilian.  Can get noisy during lunch hours.  Very good food, would highly recommend it.
i got food poisoning. \n\nfrom the coffee.
Safe to pass.
Terrible service at check in. We were told to wait 45mins and as of writing of this review it is 70 minutes and we just got seated.
Been here a couple of time order take out and sat on the patio for lunch... great place... the patio is a hide away Cove... great for lunch... lunch special are great!!
the house made ginger drink is as good as we heard
Open super late.   Great pizza.  Interesting crowds.   Always fun
What a REAL tattoo shop looks like.\n\nGreat work and nice people, too.\n\nHighly recommend.
Decent food for the price.   Not great but not bad.  Kids like it.  One exception is the pot stickers.   Those are really good.
Overpriced. A burger, drink, and fries was $17. Still, the food was tasty and the location is great.
Excellent food, quick reliable delivery
Good noodles. Good broth. Nice place. But alittle hectic since its mixed with Bachi Burger. It takes time to get your food if your party orders from separate.
Love the food!  Flavorful and healthy.
We stopped in from a long drive from phoenix from some lunch when we got into town. The service was good. but the food tasted like crap. the sauce was watered down.\n\nAfter we all checked into our hotel all four of us were sick to our stomach.
Great space and atmosphere with the exception that it can be a little loud and difficult to hear (on a weekend night).  The food is usually excellent, the \"West of the Andes\" sandwich with tenderloin melts in your mouth!  However, the service can be inconsistent and indifferent.
#1 BUN BO HUE (HUE SPICY BEEF SOUP NODDLE) in town. Die for that. So delicious! And the very best Combo broken rice plate. Don't miss Pork sausage roll for starter! Yum yum
THE CHIPOTLE OF PIZZA! Love this place. Originally all over Seattle Washington and now in the desert!
this place is ok. 2 dollar coors and 1 8-10 oz  margaritas in the back of the place pretty cool...  cant beat that.... pre funk here or a good meeting place ... pretty central
These guys were awesome!  Thank you for fixing my phone,  looks brand new.  I'm going to recommend them to everybody I know that needs a phone repair.
Awesome! \nAll the ingredients are very fresh. \nCarne asada is very smoky and tasty.\nThe spicy guacamole is out of this world. I'll be chasing this guacamole recipe next time I make some.
Great place to take in a baseball game. The times that I came here there were no concession stands but knowing that ahead of time was perfect, so it provided ample opportunity to run to the store to buy stuff or go somewhere or plan to go somewhere after the game.
I have never had a bad time here. This is Disneyland for adults. I've been to this place many times and have always left drunk out of my mind with a smile on my face. It is a huge place if your out partying in the patio. Thank you XS for the great memories! I will return soon..
I must be a fan. This is the only place I go to get our water bottles filled. Real nice layout, plenty of facets for 5 gal bottles, friendly staff + ice cream. What isn't there to like.
Not efficient servicing both the front and drive thru in the busy morning hours. Poor service overall.
Small, quaint, free peanuts and chips. Beer selection not that great but good enough for such a small place. Not a definite visit but if you're in the area, stop by.
Amazing! Short rib tacos were some of the best I've had. Lunch wasn't as busy as I thought it would be. Service was excellent.
The owner's politics notwithstanding, I like the donuts. They are as good to eat as they are cute to look at and are made fresh on the spot. They're a little pricey, though.
Such unique, gourmet style sandwiches.  I had the prosciutto, fig jam, and gorgonzola sandwich which was perfect.  And I don't even like coleslaw in general but this one with blue cheese was amazing.  Definitely coming back to try more!
I don't what to make of this resturant.  This restaurant really did whored out East Asian culture with all the Buddhist figures, it almost seems ironic in the heart of Sin City.  This is another level of whorentialism by whites.
$2.99 for shrimp cocktails.  WOW,  best buttery pancakes I've ever had.  YUM.  Wished I had room for dessert.
bottomless cups of Indian Tea and the best vegetable Korma I've had anywhere. They make their own Paneer & let you buy it if you want to cook with it at home.  Fantastic!
Fantastic people here. Flat out amazing the sacrifices the staff makes here and the truly genuine feeling of compassion you get from them. Great job Phoenix Children's Hospital. Keep up the great work!
love this place! always fast and good service and great food
Great multigrain sandwiches. Nice patio too!
My family loves getting pizza from here. Very nice New York style pizza. They have pretty good wings and garlic knots also.
You can always find a decent slice of pizza here.  The sauce and cheese are good, but occasionally applied sparingly.  I usually go with the thick crust.  It is better than the nationwide chains, but at times can be slightly undercooked.
I am pretty obsessed with this place.  Food is off the hook, fun drinks and great atmosphere!!!
OMG there making the pizzas with there bare hands. So if your a germ-a-phob don't come here. No gloves. I do like the fact it's not busy every time I come in.
I love this area, it's a hidden gem...!
Trendy atmosphere with a great, knowledgeable staff who take the time to explain their philosophy and food to you. Vegan food selection is limited but I had their tofu scramble wrap and it was amazing. Their juices are really great too.\n\nYou leave this restaurant satisfied with a delicious, healthy meal.
Ok, the car wash itself is awesome. It does a pretty dang good job of getting the car clean. The design of the car wash is poor! When it gets busy people are everywhere blocking traffic. It wasn't well thought out at all. The customer service is always good and we are frequent customers.
Best home-cooked breakfast in the neighborhood, and a welcome new addition to this corner of the city.
Wish I could give zero. Went here on $5 cosmo night and they charged me full price...then told me the drinks weren't cosmos...ridiculous, that's what I ordered! They won't ever have my business again.
Business switched names.  Now Five R Cha Thai.  Will do update review under their new name.
Nooo. Was so excited to recieve our order and it was well below average.  The pizza has no flavor to it and the sandwiches are ok but ehh still. Lastly the beer battered combination was what I was looking forward to and yeah again no flavor and the batter came off very easily. Disappointed..
Fantastic food for fantastic prices (from Chicagoan point of view!) and the service could not have been better. The pear & Brie Fremch toast was unique & delicious!
Best service ever and best food ever! Delicious pizza and appetizer! Best vodka ever and locally owned! Bam bam we love Carlos! Will go back.
A Pittsburgh establishment whose concept (fries and slaw with meat on a sandwich) is, I think, solid, but the execution is pretty meh.
They should have an ad in the paper food employees that should say, \"must have teeth.\" Seriously, if you're going to run the registers, wear your dentures!! And the food sucked! I couldn't get a good meal to save my life that day. Geez!
I give this Tommy's 3 stars only because it was clean and the employees are nice. We didn't care for the food at all. Maybe when back when we were kids or teens this food would have been better.
I had high hopes but ends up its just another institutional franchise with decent marketing and just average food. Our server Nicki was good but the kitchen slow. \n\nWon't be coming back.
At McDowell, near 7th Avenue, we always like to get their Greek Salad with Grilled Chicken added. It's pretty hearty & we love their Greek Salad Dressing....yummy!  ....Kinda don't like sitting on their hard plastic chairs though.  :(
Burger was ok. This place is disgustingly dirty. If a health inspector came in today, that place would have been shut down. Fries were good, but will not return to this chain again.
Went back after the owner contacted me and asked me to give them another chance. Ordered the country omelet again and am happy to report ham sightings! Egg was waaaay overdone, however. Pancakes had better flavor than last time but still rock hard butter.
Food was not a home run.  It was just so so.  Actually kind of disappointed.  Service was terrible.  In a certain way, it felt like a fast food joint.  Never coming back again
if you go after 1am,the chef,and waitress SUCK big time. They don't cook anything right,and she is a B****
It's a very cool bean bag, but I couldn't stop laughing when I heard the prices. I can't believe how expensive these things have gotten... I think I till go over to Ashley and buy a sofa, coffee table, some lamps, an area rug and pay my cable bill instead.
The sad reviews about Pinks at the Red Rock Casino are correct.  We went to Pinks on Friday night before the posted 9:00pm closing and told they are closed.  We finally tried again the next day for lunch and was disappointed with a weak display of a chili dog I could get anywhere.  NOT like the Pinks in Los Angeles.
My daughter went there for her friends birthday and she came home with a broken leg do this place is dangerous
Its a mall, so what can you say?  Its busy like xmas almost every weekend here.  Has all the name brand stores as well as a Winners and Homesense.   The Best Buy is a seperate building in the parking lot, you can not access it from the mall.
If you're looking for a good place without all of the hype and pretentiousness of a typical vegas lounge, this is the place to go.  Chill seats and cheap drinks, what more do you want?
AMAZING !! make sure you get there on Tues or Thursday for the Tri Tip. Portion are HUGE and food is good
This sushi place is a total ripoff. What they call a poke salad is a total joke consisting of 3 pieces of tuna. I'm an experienced sushi consumer. It angers me this place is charging so much for so little product. Please avoid them!!!
Worst manicure I've ever had. I created a Yelp account just to provide this feedback.
So the waiter brought a me cheese enchilada and chicken taco even though I ordered a beef enchilada and chicken taco I informed him of this and he looked at me in the face and asked me if I wanted a side of beef.  I will not be back
Good produce dept. I have learned to cook some chinese so it's fun to shop here for authentic ingredients. Tons of sauces noodles rices.Meat market is reasonable too.
Stayed here for 2 nights during Halloween and had a great time. Great location if you want to be downtown, and everyone I came in contact with was friendly. Clean rooms, good views, and just an all around fun atmosphere!
its a food truck across the street the from the 7 eleven. great tasting hotdogs!
Great Playgrounds, great trails, and great location for birthday parties. I highly recommend it!
Got the berry mimosa...yummm...and the wolfpack with goat cheese, eggs ever easy and country gravy...seriously delicious. Huge portions so be prepared to share! Cute diner feel and the staff was very friendly :) Will need to come back to sample the rest of the menu!
You really need a whole day to see this centre. The gardens are spectacular, as are the views.
This is a great buy on tickets only $4 bucks until 6pm.. The place is clean and most food is priced lower than most other places. Movies are recent and the staff is always friendly ! Crowds are small so it is always good seating.
Every time I go into this store they can't pull up the parts I need for my 2001 Chevy Silverado. I would understand them not being able to locate the parts for a rare custom build, but a Chevy Silverado???  Please update your computer system.
Solid Italian resturant. Great Calamari and when their Pizza is on it's some of the best in town(extra gravy).
Do you like a large selection of non-traditional beers? Then I say YES! That is all - check this place out.
Great place for sushi! After living in Chicago for many years, it's been tough finding a good sushi place around here for take out. Glad to have this place near by. It's our go to for japanese take out.
Only took them about 10mins to get my water, let see how long its goint to take for my food.... service are awful!
The price ended up being twice as much as was quoted over the phone.  I could still see the traffic/furniture patterns after it was done.  I called to complain, and they said someone would call me back, but I never heard from them.  I wish I would have just done it myself and saved the $220.
Not the best Hilton has to offer, location is good but more than a resort this place looks like a remodeled WWII bomb bunker. Other than that service is the best, most important the beds are top notch and the food is good.
This restaurant has some of the best Indian in town. Their samosas are obviously homemade, and their chicken tikka is so good. My husband loves the hot vindaloo, with chicken. We take out from here all the time!
Since writing my initial review, I have received several messages from the business owners accusing me of making false claims, being a \"troll\" and making accusations that I wrote a bad review because I didn't like a post on Facebook that they made. It has been absolutely absurd.
Recently rented a car from Enterprise and had great service.  The car was ready, clean and the staff was great!
Tasty Indian food with good service. Unfortunately it is not child friendly since the clientele is mostly downtown Montreal office workers and they want to sit down and have a good quiet meal. Great for larger groups and they have small buffet available.
So I notice that there were 5 stars rating so I figure maybe they got new cooks or I ordered on a bad night and tried them again... It is still the worst food I've ever had...the owner had to ask all friends and family to review .... The food is flat out nasty!
Good spot for drinks and snacks after work. The fish and chips are amazing, and so is the (huge!) salad with blue cheese and grilled chicken. It's also a very good place for brunches!
My friend is a vegetarian, so we chose this place because there are plenty of vegetarian options on the menu. The food was authentic and excellent, especially the duck.  The service was excellent as well.  I highly recommend this place!
tasty menu with lots of variety, twelve salsas at salsa bar, seafood options, table service, handmade tortillas, giant basket of chips included free, no lunch rush.  all this AND priced similarly to america's taco shop, which can't hold a vela to this place.
Got my order completely wrong, horrible and rude service, mediocre pizza, all around bad experience.
Love this place! Went there to get a Tom's hand wash for my car and had lunch while I waited.  Got the pulled BBQ chicken sandwich with chips and a soda.....really good! They did a great job on my car....I will be returning very soon.
The food has gone down hill. The pitas are soggy and so are the fries. I really liked this place and am disappointed in the changes.
Food is consistently good and they have a great lunch special.  It's a good little pizza place that is pretty convenient when going out with few or several people.
Great Carne Asada, crazy fly problem.
Yes, the hawthorn location closed. They were going to become a phat burrito, but that has been currently scrapped and is just closed. \n\nThere is still one location open on Westinghouse blvd. and they just opened for dinner as well as lunch.
Still the best for tacos in vegas. Recommend el pastor, tasty and affordable, 99c!! The staff is welcoming and friendly and the complimentary salsa and chips is spicy but delicious, you can't stop eating it. Love this mom and pop restaurant.
Not impressed, sushi was ok expensive for what I ordered. Sat at the bar because I was alone an the guys behind the bar where more interested in the girls wearing skimpy outfits in the table close to the bar then making my order.
They're closed now, but the Banh Mi here was better than the one at the Graze.
I love this salon. I have been going to Dannette for about 2 years. She always gets the color the way I like it. I would recommended her to anyone she's amazing!
This place is NOT worth $40 the crabs had very little meat and it was dry. The other foods were also very mediocre. For $40 I expected the taste to be much better. There are even better buffets that cost $30. I regret wasting my money here!
These guys are money grubbing.  What WAS a $25 haircut just jumped up to a $32 haircut.  It's just a haircut for God's sake!  I'm going elsewhere.
We always have a great time here. Sercivce, food and all. Usually make a fiew friends too.
The service was great. The food is mediocre. It's the same as Pete's. Good alternative to the same ol' stuff. However, Louie's up the road has real hand battered cod whereas this was a square piece of processed fish. Nothing to be excited about...
Green curry with vegetables is the best (and not on the menu, but they will make it)!  Mmmm....
The \"honey-hot\" wings are so delicious, but watch out for those \"flame\" wings! Price is very practical, and the lunch special is great, 2 slices of pizza and a pop for under $5.
I used to work right next to here and would stop in for lunch once a week or so. The service is okay, not the best but not the worst. The food is pretty good. I normally get the breakfast burrito, because I'm a sucker for breakfast food.
visited here to for a friends celebration and had a great time.  The drinks were good as was the food.  Not sure when I'll be back, but I did enjoy this visit
I've been taking my daughter to the play classes as well as the music classes for a year now.  She loves the activities and I love seeing her progress both mentally and physically.  Ms Nicole, our music teacher is the absolute best!
Honestly a bit disappointing. Being from Seattle, I know what real sushi and miso soup tastes like and this definitely was off. Miso was plain, sashimi wasn't that fresh, and service was slow.
This is the best place to get a spray tan in Scottsdale Period! I have been coming here for a long time now, and they get my tan right every time, and you can't beat the price!
There is an older gentleman in the Liquor dept of this store that cracks me up!  He is the friendliest man and seems so happy you can't help but crack a smile!  This man makes a trip to this store a pleasure!
Food was good, service was awesome. Some dishes can get a little pricey, but overall not bad. You must have the banana foster bread pudding. To die for!
Meh.  I bought a living social deal so I ended getting a latte and a sandwich.  The coffee was not notable, and the sandwich was a bagel with a piece of cheese and a slice of tomato.  I could have easily made both at home for cheaper, and I think it would've tasted better...
It was ok for a buffet. We had to wait for a table in which we thought if we were waiting then it was going to be awesome. The food was mediocre & selection was alright.  Standard beef broccoli, sweet & sour chicken , & rangoon. But nothing out of the ordinary.
There are some tables and a lot of slot machines. If you live in the area, it could be a good place to go and hang out. I would never recommend a drive from the strip to gamble here, but not bad for a locals hang out. With dollar beer and hot dogs, how can you go wrong!?
Always a fun time! A great time to meet up with friends and taste all the great beers & food around the Scottsdale.
Good doc and the office staff is awesome!!
Adam is a great teacher, he keeps the kids engaged in the class and laughing. My daughter's skill level goes up every class. She lives to go and looks forward to it all week.
Worst service in town. Bought certificate at restaurant.com and was told that we couldn't use it since they don't honor the certificate anymore. I have to get my $ back from them. Haven't tried their food and I will not come here again
I have never liked this place. I went for a birthday. I took nachos with a pitcher of sangria. $47. Really? The service was horribly slow, the food was nasty, there was no cheese on my nachos. I was NOT pleased. I never go here at my own will.
Why did they not have chili oil? Not too bad for a dim sum place. Try their dumplings...those are the only thing that is very good. Tgen again...I am pucky with taste......
The food, service and atmosphere was exceptional.  I had the Mahi Mahi and it was well prepared, fresh and very tasty.  I have special dietary needs and found them to be very accommodating to my needs and I was able to substitute sides etc..
I ve been coming here for a few months now, the place is clean and relaxing.  I love my lashes! they look natural and very comfy
My favorite Italian restaurant in Vegas. Have worked through most of pasta dishes on the menu but my clear favorite is the fettuccine carbonara. Generous portions. The Caesar salad is terrific. Come hungry. In fact, for many couples, splitting a Caesar and an order if pasta would be enough.
Worse buffet experience in Vegas.. Usually you can never go wrong with buffets in Vegas.. this was a bad choice. \n\nFood section.. quality was bad.. overpriced.. \n\nNever come here again.
I'll never get used to those Inclinator (elevator), they make me dizzy. House keeping is slow - It took 3 calls and 35 minutes to get fresh towels. And just like dae m said, this hotel is extermely attractive outside but boring inside.
Great atmosphere. Stone Crab is to die for. Excellent Steak selection. Right inside the Caesars Forum Shops at the valet. Very convenient (aside from driving on the strip). Highly recommend!
Love this place, always get the Light Mediterranean and it's great, very filing but without a heavy feeling...sort of lime eating a Subway sandwich but tastier.
Standard Asian American buffet with some interesting decorations.  More dessert options than the typical buffet, but if you have been to one you have been to them all.
We stopped by on a whim. Mistake. 25 minutes between appetizer and main course. No explanation. No apology. Food was good, but not worth that kind of wait!
I love this Fridays.  The service is always amazing and so is the food.  They make really good drinks as well.  I really love their wings, they are so good!  Happy hour is good and we always can get a table in the bar for it.
great gyros and friendly employees!
Come here to get my Korean bbq fix usually pretty good but service can be a hit or miss and you cant beat the AYCE price tag I always get the Nevada because all I get is either the brisket or pork belly love their side dishes too
No stars. Disgusting food.
We ordered take out from this place preparing for the big \"snow day\". Lol. I have to say this is the best Chinese take out I've had. Great prices, great portions and best of all- No MSG! Plus, when you spend $25 or more you get FREE crab rangoons!
Sucks! Wanted to do baby registry. They tell me to do at kiosk. After create password. It said password not match. Asking for help. Nothing we can do at the store. You have to call the hotline!! Why I'm here for!?!
It's like the Applebee's of BBQ.  Typical, fairly overpriced, nothing special.  Eat here if you have nowhere else to go :)
We adore mornings together here at Lulus.  The food and service are always top drawer! One of our favorites!
Inexpensive great food. Awesome burritos.
Excellent breakfast! The owner Nick was fantastic - he makes you feel right at home. Service was very efficient. It was worth the wait.
This place is amazing. The service is top notch, they always have everything we are looking for (and more)! If you need it, they have it, and the prices are more than reasonable.
Moved here over a year ago. Was able to move in a timely manner into my apartment. Staff is extremely helpful, neighbors are friendly and it's quiet. I love this place.
I have never, ever not enjoyed myself at Petra's! Its grown up & sexy, 21 & up, the atmosphere & ambiance are on point and its generally just the perfect place for a night out! Great date night place for an intimate experience, especially for LGBT, but I think anyone could enjoy themselves here!
Well priced, amply sized menu and tasty curries. We were the only customers on a Sunday night so there wasn't really any way the service could have been bad I don't think but I've never had any issue with that element in the past either.
good pasta! I didn't have a bad experience there. The waiters were friendly, they had good bread and if you get there for happy hour then its a great price too!
Get more Tellers. I do not want to spend my entire lunch hour waiting in line. Busy afternoon 2 tellers.
Been going here for years. Especially love the relaxed patio the most. Food is always good and atmosphere is very laid back. Drinks are fair priced and we really enjoy Kim as our server. Never a disappointment at Old Chicago.
Always enjoyed this Chipotle location. One thing about Chipotle that you never forget is how clean the restaurant is.... Also the enormous burritos :)
If you like great food, local ingredients, creative seasonings, this is the place for you. If you are looking for an extensive menu, this is not for you. Most kids will not find themselves happy here.
Best drink spot in town...super chill!!!
This place is really good! The boba and delimanjoo was the best I ever had. I've lived in Vegas my entire life, and I've been to a bunch of boba places. This place is one of the best in my list.\nI definitely recommend! :)
This is a very clean airport and loaded with places to eat and drink.  Plus the wireless internet was great as well
We ordered the salmon entree.  The food took an incredibly long time to be served which lead me to believe they had forgotten our meal and then made it in a rush.  It was under cooked and had to be sent back.  I probably would not return to Veranda.
Short review - I ordered it level 4 spicy, it had not a hint of heat. Both noodle dishes I ordered, Pad Thai and Pad See You were kind of boring. I think it is a bit overpriced for what it is.
Horrible!! Went there Sunday at noon and only 1 employee was working!  Also,  out of numerous things.  This place is managed very poorly!
Been here for many years but have seen a recent decline in quality service. Felt scolded by the bartender today at lunch. Felt disrespected as a customer. Service sucks stay away. \"bad service = bad review\"
Can't beat the gas deals! Membership truly has its privileges! Ilk absolutely drive the extra couple miles to save this much on each gallon!
I love this place especially now that its chilly outside! I like that the place is small and that the menu is the simple. I have tried all three of the broths and they are all very good but if you ask me the shoyu is the way to go and add an egg you wont regret it!
The ribs were cooked in a crock pot and had no smoke taste, this is not BBQ.
My go to place for a delightful coffee. Had a chocolate brownie and a cappucino. Just loved it. However, coffee was much smaller for the price as compared to other coffee houses.
First time here and it was like Denny's meets fine dining.\n \nThis isn't an \"eaters\" paradise, small pricey portions and in my opinion the food was just ok.\n\nThis will never be a place of choice for me!
Good nachos and good margaritas. Great deals for HH. Not sure I would come here otherwise. The HH food offerings are cheap and tasty. Definately not authentic or high quality. The place has a \"fast food\" feel to it. Good for a quick late night meal.
Been here many times and staff and food always great. The seafood Alfredo is delicious.
Good food.. Good Women... Good beer... Great place
I love coming to Panera! Ashley Love and Luke always brighten my day. The staff here is so amazing and friendly! We have been coming for years. Great food and wonderful service!
The kind of overpriced restaurant with tiny portions where you risk paying over a hundred dollars for a meal and still leaving hungry. \n\nAlso wasn't a fan of its out of the way location.
This is probably the best pizza I've had since moving to Nevada. It's pretty unique but the ingredients are very fresh and despite it being about a 25 minute drive, I'll be going there quite a bit in the future. The Ceprese appetizer was delicious as well.
Yummy in the tummy was good has a new name and owners.  The only downside is during the week they close at 7pm  And this part puzzles me, if you show up after 630 they ask but its kind of telling you that you have to eat the pizza outside or take it home to eat.
I'm a Goodwill refugee since they raised their prices.  Epic Thrift has good stuff but their prices are about the same as Goodwill's.  I found some nice things there that I purchased but if you know what you're doing, you can buy brand new clothes for almost the same price.
Two employees from there were extremely rude ( bri & Bree) as soon as I left they huddled up to talk about whatever it, it seemed like their customers bothered whatever it was they were doing ... Never giving them my service again!!!
Do not use this cab company.   My driver charged me $66 from airport to Summerlin.  No traffic, straight shot.  Since then I've uber'd twice, both fares were$30.... goodbye taxi companies.... i dont feel sorry for you.
Same sandwich, different wrapper.  Subway, Quiznos, Port of Subs, whatever, they are all the same
Food was great.\nThe staff was very proud of their upcoming anniversary.\nI will say the osso bucco was delicious, but the portion was small and pricey ($36.00).\nOverall I thought it was over priced, but again the food and staff were terrific!
The ONLY word to describe this buffet - EeeeEEEWWWWwwwwWWW!!  Avoid at all costs.  Any place that can ruin crab legs, amongst many other things, does not deserve $35/person.  Save your money!
You should check them out for the new years menu, I was there for xmas one year and got to partake in Snake soup, ...not sure if they have something like that now, but they must have some good specials given the new year...enjoy
Great prices !! Got 4 books for $20 . My old bookstore would cost so much more. Love love !
This place gives me the creeps when I walk past it during the day.  Woo for air hockey & cheap beer, boo for everything else.
Chef Ramsay needs to be scolded as what he does on the TV show...\nWorst food to eat...Good to Take a picture but definitely not to eat...\nYelp didn't allow me to choose 0 star..else I might have opted it..
My go to boba place when I'm in Chandler :) .  They have a wide variety of selections and fresh boba! My favorite is the jasmine milk tea!
Great ice cream, great prices!  Quaint little ice cream shop. Our family of six each had a yummy dessert for under $20!
Wonderful dinner!  Del Salad, Steak and creamed spinach was outstanding.  Great service and atmosphere. I would highly recommend Del Frisco's.
Last Thursday while attending a conference six of us had the pleasure of dining at Envy's. We were seated promptly and Joshua spent time with us discussing the various offerings. Three of us had the rib eye and the other three had seafood. All dishes were excellent and the drinks were great. We all will return on our next visit.
Freezer burnt lumpia, nasty Mac salad, I was so disappointed after a 20 minute wait for my food. Surely if they were going to throw everything in the microwave it should have been faster considering there was no other customers there. Booooo!
It's McDonalds, what else do you want to hear from me?\n\nOh yeah, this place has a face-to-face drive thru.  You don't speak to some crappy little speaker but to an actual person when you place your drive thru order.
Great place for elementary school age kids.  Water park doesn't appeal much to middle school and high school crowd.   Rooms were clean, but nothing spectacular.   Overall grounds were well kept.   Not much in the surrounding area - although Arizona Mills Malls is nearby
New store and one of the better Ross's around. Everythin is organized for a change and is clean :)
Good food but, as always, very crowded.  I wish they'd open for bakery service during the week and use the profits to expand the seating area.
This Mall is headed for closure unless they revamp it soon. I remember when this place was a such big deal (15-years ago). Now it's more of a freak show with a few decent shops surrounded by mostly decaying businesses. The entire area is going to pot.
the 4 stars are for the beautiful patio, excellent service, and great chips and salsa.  the food is good...not great, but overall a very nice dining experience every time.  o
Who cares if its supposed to be a 50% tip and cash only. I thought It was very sanitary as any other place and I enjoyed the massage very much so more than other places here in Vegas. I hope they do stay in business. \nIt's def worth trying even if you prefer the $80 places lol
Just okay - not sure if they do a la carte but when I visited it was basically like a pre-made supermarket sushi counter. Flavorful but not a GREAT sushi experience
Bad service. Took too long to to get our food.\nBeer was ok not worth the wait
Really pricey for the quality. However, it is a go-to for a quick bite for breakfast. The warm sandwiches may be a little too greasy for the health conscious. They also have Krispie Kreme donuts for a ridic price. Freshly made juices may be your best deal.
Thieves!
Definitely a smaller home repair place but it's in the neighborhood and very convenient. They have just enough. Prices are pretty good too.
We went for breakfast, ended up having lunch. That slow and late we got our food. Exaggerating little bit, but be prepared to wait for ever. Food was good, but not worth the wait.
Decent food but chicken has no flavor! Drink prices are good and especially during happy hour or a nfl or college game!
A great place for a quick meal if you are shopping at Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall (it beats the food court). I certainly wouldn't go out of my way just for their burgers, which remind me a little of White Castle back in the day. \n\nIs there a White Castle anywhere near the valley?
It was my second time there. Both times the food was fresh and tasty. The atmosphere is in an open feeling room well lit with natural light.
Horrible service. Server is rude. Took so long for the food I ordered that I asked her to cancel my order. Im never eating here again.
Wow! Wanted a burger and got even more.  Great burgers and cheese steaks.   My wife and had a great customer experience and will be bringing our friends back with us
This place was amazing!  Super healthy and everything tasted great!  The location is a little bit off the beating path, but worth it!  The fresh fruit juice smoothies are off the hook!
Awesome beer selection! Food wasn't great, but maybe we just didn't try the right thing. We got two of the pretzel appetizers and weren't overly impressed. But the beer menu made up for it, so we will still be back again! Maybe just after we eat!
Nothing worse then a cook that can't make eggs over-medium. Potatoes were good but the Thick cut bacon is seasoned with way to much pepper.  Nice friendly staff. Will have to try something different.
It now costs 21.99. Still worth the price food is not Asian but, it is good.  All food items were fresh and carefully watched to be sure they stayed fresh.
The food here is never hot unless you get it fresh off the grill which will be overcooked or raw.  Everytime I eat here whether it is breakfast, lunch, or dinner I am stuck in the bathroom for hours.  I will never eat here again.  I wish the State board of Health would check into this place
This place totally surprised me. The staff was warm and friendly and the food was both unique and very fresh. The  gnocchi was excellent. They even had a kids menu although they seem to cater more toward adults.
This store is definitely a girls best friend.  They have a wide selection of makeup, hair and nail supplies, perfumes, scented candles, and anything you can use for beauty.  The staff are helpful and friendly.  The coupons are very useful.
Went for first time, nice looking lounge with arrogant staff.  Only had one bar open, if you dont want to pay $325 for bottle service dont come here.
Cute. Executes the theme really well.\n\nI would advise against the roller coaster ride unless you enjoy a good noggin rattle and subsequent headache.
This place is very over priced and no AC not my idea of eating comfortable . The service was good but I was a bit more concerned about sweating my butt off .
The Busted Knuckle Irish Ale and the stone fired pizza make this a worthwhile destination. Only reason I didn't rate it higher is I've only tried two different dishes and they've both been pizza, so I can't speak to the rest of the menu. The onion rings though are most excellent too!
One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Exceptional food, breakfast, lunch and dinner all have a lot to offer. Service is very good too.
If I walked inside not knowing the name of the place I would have thought I was in Dominos. The girl that took our order was not friendly. The pizza and salad weren't too bad but I've had better. One star for pizza, one for the salad. Customer service gets negative 3.
Was expecting more than paper plates and plastic silverware. Waffles were dry and my kids immediately said we should have stayed home and made waffles there. The coffee was weak as well. Not a great start for our morning!
I can always expect good quality sashimi at sushi roku.\nand the black cod is really good too!
A record , waited 30 minutes for a vodka soda... Then it was flat. The replacement arrived at. 40 minutes. The menu is very very very short. We are now at 50 minutes awaiting our meal.
Recently stopped here for breakfast on the way out of town.  The breakfast sandwiches were delicious.  Lots of egg, cheese, turkey.  The bread was so fresh.  My sons had smoothies, they were really big and both were so delicious.  For the three of us breakfast was about $25.  We were very satisfied and will be coming back.
The good is great johnny is awesome.  My favorite is duck salad. All the food is goid there is a new bsr staff that makes sll the difference.
I want to say food is good.  Please Do Not purchase any retail products!  I purchased a 80$ purse and used it for 1 week and a strap started coming apart.  I took it in a week later and was told all retail sales are final!  Sorry!!!  You can take it and get it fixed.  Wow!!
Cool space and cocktails fit for prohibition.
Not what I expected. The service was soooo slow and the food was just OK .   It took about an hour to serve us our food.
The best stuff and the service very good atmosphere v good five star if you're one of the best food in the Mall about price\nVery reasonable
Great customer service and so affordable! Will keep coming back here for all my jewelry repairs!
Yummy kabobs!
Great place, service is excellent and food is second to none
Got a mesh fence installed with Sure Guard. Great product just as they described when they gave an estimate. But even better service - Owen explained all the details and got the job done on time. Like that it is family owned and operated.
Probably the best of the dirt-cheap options in Vegas and great location right in the middle of the strip.
Brought back a caramel apple & it was black with mold in the inside. Good thing we cut into it and didn't take a bite out of it!
Love their Seafood Salad!
What an amazing little place! Food is outstanding! Great dining experience! My husband and I celebrated our first wedding anniversary there and since then this restaurant is our favorite place
The carne asada potato pancake was great! I haven't tried anything else, but I loved what I got. My only complaint would be that I wanted more! That was probably just my greed talking though.
Basically crappy food. The crab legs were good, but Rio's seafood buffet has better ones. They had different types of food, Italian, Mexican, etc. But it was no where near authentic or tasty.
Good food but a little stingy with portions compared to other Thai places that I go to.  Best to go for lunch.
Won best greasy spoon in Madison, yet has vegan options and bean salad as an alternative to fries! Yes, a great retro diner, but with modern options. And a dessert case. Awesome!
This former beauty \"Parlor\" is hip and high energy. We had great pizza and even better beet salad. However I recommend you skip the Tiramisu.
Sushi was good but the service was pretty bad. The sushi prices seemed reasonable but then we realized it was the price per piece of sushi!
I know it depends who you get, but this is worst hospital service ever. It took they forever or non when I push help button.
Happy hour Baker's dozen was good sized oysters but no mignonette sauce. Our server Teddy was great but everyone else seemed rude to me. The bartender didn't keep up with drinks well. Hubby wanted a last beer before happy hour was over but no one was around. Not the best experience.
Sitting here as I type this review \nVery nice place,friendly service and good coffee. Give it a try I know you will love it
Your kidding right? I guess this place is cool if your drunk, but they local soup kitchen has a better menu.
Cheap beer, neat setting, lots of seating but fairly quiet on a Saturday night around 11pm...I was pretty hyped in coming to this place but the vibe there was just too quiet and they didn't really have a lot of beer selection, altho they did have their own brewery in the background
The guys over at Van's are all very honest and knowledgeable.  I did a return on some irons I bought a few months ago and there was no fuss at all by them in the process. First rate all the way.\n\nI couldn't disagree more with Lynette.
Friendly staff, excellent spicy chicken, used an entertainment coupon for bogo free meal.  Restaurant could use a deep cleaning as its quite aged. But love their spicy chicken tenders with extra Louisiana hot sauce.
I've been in a few times and it varies a bit each time..but I won't be going back anytime soon. It's not a particularly clean, comfortable place. The coffee is fine, the wifi is nice, but not a great atmosphere for studying with all of the homeless people playing chess.
Not as good anymore like they use to be kind of sad this was my favorite place and ever since they got a little busy seems like there Hollywood now... Upped there prices foods plain no soul in it ...there a rip off and there lunch specials suck.... The servers are nice and there dessert is really good.
Mexican food at an airport and it's good!  I hit them up for breakfast and it made for a good time!
Great... the Chicken Parmesan tastes awesome. The atmosphere is perfect. I love \"The Beacon\" which is their sort of quiet lounge area they have separate from the main restaurant. Staff is awesome and great management team. They care about their Customers! Keep up the great service Bonfyre!
Really great steak and desserts.  expensive.  good thing i had coupons and tickets with the free buffet to rooms
Great food and atmosphere!  Highly recommend  Sit outside, people watch and eat!
Horrible delivery service! I tried to order a combo meal for lunch today for obviously only 1 person and the lady told me i had to order at least 25$ worth of food PLUS a 5.99 fee just so they could deliver my food to me! Who does that??! haha Never again
Amazing food for reasonable price!!  I had the soup and Sammie combo.  Crab avocado melt panini with wild mushroom bisque soup.  They let you try any of their soups....the lobster bisque and clam chowder were really good too.  I'll definitely be back!
It was not the NY pretzel I was expecting, ya know like the ones you get from the street vendors....but the pretzel was still good, more like Auntie Anns.
Not only did we get the wrong soup, after 1 1/2 hours our food was served cold, over done and was missing our side dishes. We wound up leaving an went to another restaurant. Oh by the way, did I mention it was our 20th anniversary? So disappointing.
Great location, beautiful views from every spot in the room... Free room upgrade which was very nice, can be quite pricey but, your in the middle of the strip
Great location and good atmosphere, but over priced and the food is nothing special at all. The salads looked ok, but the sandwiches are boring - I even had to asked for some kind of dressing for my turkey sandwich after they brought it out dry. I would've rather made lunch at home.
Sandwiches that give Capriotti's a run for its money in portion size and flavor.  Good service and decor plus having beers on tap is great.  The early closing times are a major let down.  It's like riding the bonzai pipeline only for your friend to knock the board out from under you.
Yummy mojitos!  They were packed yet they made room for us...super tasty dinner, cute place, we will go back again and again!
nice service personnel. espresso had a good taste. no hurry to leave the table. WLAN for guests available.
One of the worst dining experiences we've ever had. Pizza was awful and the service was worse. My favorite part was a manager witnessing our disaster of an over hour long lunch from the table next to us and doing nothing. Avoid this place, there are way too many great pizza places in Scottsdale to suffer through a meal here.
They do a great job grooming.  However, customer service is bad. During one visit I was given the wrong dog.   And a second visit charged more than previous times. They claim my dog is bigger than standard.
My favorite Indian restaurant in Charlotte. :) And they have the world's best mango cheesecake.
Its the fast food version of PF Changs
Terrible service. Everyone in our party was forced to order their own entre, even though some of them were not hungry. The entre come with nan. The waiter refused to substitute them with similar priced roti because \"the chef was unwilling\".
Excellent Wings!!  Was there for the first time last week.  Staff very helpful and knowledge about menu.  I had a Reuben was very good just not a fan of the texas toast..next time i will get it on rye.  Definitely going back for the wings!!
I moved to Wisconsin two years ago. I have not been able to find a really good pie here. I have had pretty good ones. This far and away the best pizza in the state not just the Madison area.
Easy to get to location...just like every other 7 Eleven, it has everything from drinks to snacks to alcohol. Stopped for gas and an energy drink...no hassle, quick in and out...no complaints!
This place is open 24 hours and have an excellent fast food/pizza menu. Try out their philli cheese steak pizza. Chicken burger and chicken wings were decent too. Reasonably priced. If i had to choose i will stick to pizza though
Can't wait for my weekly (ok - sometimes daily) coffee or Chai fix :-)  Great coffee, atmosphere and relaxing.  Amber is a great barista :-)  Try it; you'll definitely be back.
Good food but not worth dealing with the horrible service.
Can't go wrong with this place, I love the Thai pork fried rice and beef satay as my default choices.
2 stars for the service and speed, but don't expect inteligent cuisine. Quick and easy, not good and cheap.
I love this smoke shop so much!!!! Everyone there is always so inviting and nice, and very knowledgeable!! It's a nice play to hang out and kill a few hours!! They have great prices on all their items in the store!! I totally recommend people to shop here, you won't regret it at all
The atmosphere was great and the food was delicious. One bad thing was that the emergency alarm went off for like 20 minutes at the casino. Everybody ignored it and continued eating. I wish they stopped the alarm sooner so people can eat more peacefully.
Wonderful chicken shwarma type sandwiches and the cannoli was awesome. Friendly service, free soup (try the lentil), fair prices. I really liked it.
The best burger in Madison. Fairly priced and fantastic food. Good selection of beers as well. Decor and service is awesome.
Delivery pick up line lady sounded super annoyed to take my order. \n10.83 for a large one topping pizza, plus a delivery fee (which I expected). Not 5.00. It's over triple the price. No thanks!
The chicken was very tough!  In a whole the food taste good!
The food is ok and it feels more like cafeteria food.  To make it worst the food did not go well with my stomach, at all!!
Pizza is not good\nSauce taste stale\nRestaurant appears dirty\nNo restroom available for the customers \n\"go to Dotty's, they will let you use theirs\"\nDisregards for sanitation
This is the closest Walgreens to us and since we visit this location frequently, the staff recognizes us and even calls my husband by name.\n\nRedbox located outside. Ads are inside the store so if you forget your coupon, they're readily available for you to use right at the entrance.
Besides the amazing regular menu items, the specialty entr\u00e9e offerings change it up nicely. The chef is the best.
Not sure how the bread is, but the service was terrible. They are not doing me a favor by waiting on me. Very much did not appreciate the fact that there was no willingness to assist me. Will not be going bing them a second chance.
Most amazing brunch loved the vibe and the cool staff.  It was so welcoming new favorite place
Stay away. Overpriced, food is mediocre at best, staff is rude. Many better options out there don't waste your time.
Short ribs, crab cakes and chopped salad, and wait let's not forget the pecan bars with chicory ice cream, all outstanding as was the service
Good food but terrible service. Wish their service was way better. Would only go if I had to because it's 24/7 and didn't care about service.
Great food great service very pleased and recommend to anyone been going there for years
If you want the meat to keep coming all night, then this is the place for you ;)  I couldn't handle it all, I ended up taking a bite of everything so I could try it all, but ended up wasting a lot of meat.  The cheese rolls are to die for.
Good place for sushi. Everything was very fresh and the presentation was beautiful.  The only suggestion I would make would be to have a small children's menu.
Great western omelet! Hash browns are great and I would definitely recommend the cinnamon raison bread and raspberry jelly! Service was A+ as well, coffee never ran dry.
Best grocery store in Vegas!
Disappointing, the place is tiny and not worth it. Just drive by and take a picture if you want. Its one of those things you do, just to say you did.
Carl is an excellent bike mechanic.  Arrived on time, worked quickly and did an excellent job.  Fair price too!
Been all around the town for pizza, Villa used to be our favorite but this place ROCKS!  Me an my son are picky pizza eaters - the crust stays crispy, the cheese is high quality, and the service is quick.  \n\nGood things come in small packages, small joint with dee lish pizza!
This is a family owned business and I fully support family owned business. Great customer service and wonderful staff! They did an awesome job on my auto tinting and it took no more than 2 hrs. I highly recommend this business for those who want to get their car tinted.
I had the turkey burger and it was amazing! I can't wait to try more.
Best breakfast off the strip! The muffins are homemade goodness! Every dish in full size is plenty for two! Ask for the side of fruit great variety and all fresh! \nAsk for server Donna, outstanding service! \nOur new breakfast place for Vegas always when we are in town!
Nothing like a morning muffin, the lowft cranberry orange muffin is great.  The ladies at the coffee/bakery are always super friendly.
I love Taco Bell! Just not this one. I now drive out of my way not to go to this one. The order is wrong Every time and I really mean every time. Bad service Bad food!
Late at night this place is good, mostly because it's one of the few places open to help balance a night of drinking. We ordered the mozzarella which was sooooo good in the tomato dipping sauce. The spaghetti was fine as was the donuts that we ordered. Decent eats. Great service.
Went for a late night burger with tater tots. Burger was good - truffle tater tots were great. Service was below average late night. Omlettes were above average. Only place opened really late night.
LOVE the Thanksgiving sandwich - I'm obsessed with it, actually! I really wished we had one in SCV! Even if I'm not hungry and there's one nearby, I will pick up one of those bad boys and take it home for later!
I think I ate a dead dog mixed with mayonnaise.\n\nIf you miss mystery food from Public School days, then this is your place.
One star tells ya all you need to know. Occasionally there is a good band but most of the time this place is just another smokey bar.
It's a pretty dumpy place. They burnt my crunchwrap along with sour cream in which I asked them specifically not for any. Terrible service. Will not eat there again and I would recommend it to anyone else.
Pizzas are good and creative enough to be signaled, especially the Cochonaille et Gorgonzola. The possibility to have two halves of different pizzas is also enjoyable. Quite a nice spot for an outdoor diner on St-Denis street during the summer. \n\nAnd some waiters do look Italian.
David & Amelia are just outstanding. My Pfaff emb machine has never worked better. This is the ONLY place I will ever take my machine.
Nice rooms, cocktail waitress in the casino are way too slow, decent for off the strip.
My one experience at this gym was bizarre and uncomfortable. Staff was unprofessional and unwelcoming.  They claim to give off a non- judgement vibe.... Funny because I've never felt so judged and uncomfortable @ a gym in my life!
Great hotdog, nice service, must try!
ZERO!!!\nCame here at 9:40pm. The gal told me they were taking to go orders only but she they supposedly close at 10pm. Really? I wont be back. \nThere's too many restaurants to choose from around here...
bartender's are horrible!!!
Pretty impressive landscaping, floral and fauna display. Free admission, but I suggest spending the extra $2 and visit the conservatory whi check has butterflies and a few birds.
The hotel faces onto a very busy frontage road. for a quiet night's rest, ask for a room on the back side.
I have nothing to say but... OMG!!! yup... it's reall that good...
Exp\u00e9rience ordinaire. Brunch ordinaire. Staffas sympathique par contre.
Fast service to replace my broken LG3 screen. Thank you! As soon as I stepped in the store, Carl looked at my phone and immediately gave me a price and time to wait for it to be replaced.
NASTY!!!  That's all I am going to say.  I should have listened and never go to a place that as \"wok\" in their name.\n\nWorst food I have ever had.
Can't beat the pizza! Darn good and you can buy by the slice to mix it up.
I had lunch there today. My salad was made fresh to order but I felt it was way overpriced ($12 for a salad & a bottle of water). It was noisy inside and the AC was not the best! Overall my experience was ok but I am in no hurry to go back.
This is a place with the best service in Las Vegas! We actually felt welcomed here. They have a great beer selection and good bar food. We had their wings that were crispy and spicy, which we enjoyed but wished they were little bigger. (They were mini wings) We will be back next time when we are in Vegas again.
This place is great. Small shop, where you can drop in a get a few things without having to deal with a big store. I know I gave them only 4 stars now, but I promise to move it to 5 when they get a beer and wine license. : )
Don't get Breonna as your server. Didn't ask if we wanted another drink after we decided to stick to appetizers. She didn't appear to know where the water was or remembered we were at one of her tables. Food was good as always.
Rude or boring dealers and house keeping rushed us out. Worst pool hours in all of Vegas, only open till 6pm, which wasn't worth the surprise $70 dollar resort fee.
Four stars for clean, three stars for the wall relief or sculpture or whatever, two stars for the food.  And food is what I went there for.\n\nScratch this one off my list.
Love this place! My husband and I enjoy breakfast around the clock, and when I need some big fluffy pancakes, I head here! I love this place!\n\nVery affordable, generous portions, large menu!
A must stop when in Madison. \n\nGreat beer list. Maybe the best fried egg burger I've had. Terrific cheese curds with a great paprika dipping sauce. Sweet environment and super festive before games. \n\nWhat else do you need?
They needed more food!
Obvious cutbacks in the last year.\nFood quality is slipping but the service is great as always.
It's streets of New York. It's good, not bad,  not great.  \nDoes this help? Lol
I love these donuts. So do the kids! They are very nice folks too. My middle son loves the glazed donuts and I love the croissants.
Amon the crappiest of all Arby's, stale bread, poorly made sandwiches and unfriendly service.
nice mocha. friendly staff
The food is pretty good here. The draw, though, is the fun environment. The staff sing tunes from the 50's and 60's while you eat, making for a very festive atmosphere inside !\n\nA great value for a restaurant inside a major casino, on the 'Strip'.
Disappointing overall.  Spring rolls were unpleasant.  Poor flavor and texture.  Vegetarian massaman curry was okay.  Good spice, overly sweet.
Awesome beer selection but only OK food. Nothing special on the menu.
Its Taco bell with long john silvers... its pretty nice staff is nice and quick... pretty clean...
I have been here for brunch and dinner and prefer the brunch.  Service is alwys great and the food is fresh and creative.
If this place actually hosted the bands they sell tickets for, they'd be good. I have yet to go to a show without a sign out front that says. \" show canceled.\"
Just celebrated my birthday at Sushi Wow and it was amazing. We had a party of 10 people and were taken care of promptly. Service was great, food was out of this world (as always)
Service in the ER is a complete joke!!! There were two Asia's working the desk looking at patients and talking about then in there own language. After waiting 4 hours (no joke), the last gave me attitude. They are extremely rude! Never coming here again!
Very fun very friendly. Not a huge burger fan. But really enjoyed the choices. You can build your own pizza and pretty much change anything from meat to bun to toppings to sauces. Very hip young place.
Love the atmosphere of this cafe. Bit pricey, but delicious coffee.
This place used to be so good, it has become a touristy move the table place. Food wasn't even hot, temperature wise
Had my first visit on Saturday and already have my next order ready! I had the sliced pork loin on marble rye. So many of Downtown's one of a kind places are closed on Saturday, so this will for sure become a regular place for lunch.
USSD Has Changed My Life With My Discipline, Confidence, Strength/Fitness, &&- Flexibility. United Studios Has Shown Me A Lot From Day One. This Place Is The Place To Go When You're Trying To Relieve Your Stress Or Anger.
The food is not very fresh. The flavor is also not very consistent! Unfortunately- looks like I'll be skipping this restaurant for a while!
Good sound quality and great visuals. We went for Chelsea Wolfe and Queens of the Stone Age.
Better than average sushi. Vegas roll is excellent. I highly recommend going during happy hour if you want reasonable prices.
One Word: Yummmmmmmmmmmmmm!  On my way right now :-)
This place rocks! Love it!!!
This is a great store. Jamie and crew really go out of their way to serve you the best car and the best rate!
One if my fav Mexican spots. It's nicer/trendy with good atmosphere. Loved everything I've tried so far :) not what you expect, pleasant surprise
This is a great smoke shop for hookah smokers. They carry a wide variety of shisha (Al Fahker, Starbuzz, etc) for a great price, especially if you pay with cash. Family owned, very helpful.
Has 1 tv screen.  Full bar n trees with no leaves
Food used to be good, not the case last time. \n\nRestaurant had fish smell, hard to eat.
Love the peanut salsa!!!
The only reason I like this place is that you can have dimsum here all day into the evenings, Because most places stop dimsum a 3pm. It's not a fancy restaurant and their dimsum selections are alright by me. It's an okay place for me.
Nice place to get a reasonable price meal in Vegas. I stop by everytime I'm here in Vegas. The service is immpecable and the waitress uniforms are a plus side..
Pulled pork sandwich was awesome, the sweet heat sauce was very good, staff was very friendly and helpful, only problem I seen was it was way too warm inside for being 105 outside... \n\nPrices were reasonable also.
Awesome hot subs and pasta the cold subs are good but not great
They're closed... but rumor is they're the people behind The White Rabbit Cafe & Patisserie in Greensburg, PA (just in case anyone is looking for them).
Stopped here along the way home. Woo, road trips! Great customer service and great subs! I'd recommend this place to others
This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas. The crab cakes are to die for. You MUST get them. Also a must are the stone crabs. I don't usually like cold crab but these are succulent. The sauce they serve to dip them in is amazing.
Friendly staff, but wish they keep the store a little cleaner.
The Miller High Life is cheap.\n\nDead the night I went, so I didn't stay long enough to get to know the bartenders or anybody there.
Had salad one day for lunch while visiting Pittsburgh. Decent enough and the vegetables were fresh, but waaaayy too much dressing (get it on the side). If it's cold, try the chili.
If i could give it a 0 star i would have. Awful ppl don't do business with them. They will persistently try to sell u time shares at an inflated annual percentage for dumb free show tickets. Even after u say no they keep on pressuring u to buy.
Owner was rude and insulting. Won't EVER go back. $12 is way too much to spend on hamburger on a stale bun.
Usually asking the server what is her favorite dish gets you a pretty good recommendation, but in this case, it was crap!  The smoked brisket had that discoloration that happens to meat when it's been sitting out for a while.  And it wasn't even tender!!  Am I asking for too much?
A disappointing electronics store for its size.  Maybe the Baseline Fry's is better.
Stopped in with a friend of mine before a Pirates game last week.\n\nVery good chicken wings and a robust selection of beers on tap.  Chili nachos were just OK.  Friendly service and great location near PNC Park.  While not outstanding, still a very solid choice for pregame apps and drinks.
Good Location right on the strip\neasy walking distance to many other hotels\n\nOlder Style rooms with Low Ceilings\nUGH\n\nBuffet was Unedible
Meh...\nWe got the Philly cheese chicken with tomato soup and the beef dip with fries. \nOnly good thing was actually their tomato soup, very tasty!
Annie's Pet Parlor has always impressed us.  They are kind and gentle.  We plan ahead so paying with cash has never been a problem.
We stopped in for lunch today and had some of the most amazing flat bread!  The restaurant is nicely decorated, comfortable and has some of the best service I have encountered in AZ!  Thank you Jamie for going out of your way to help us today!!
This place has potential (good ambience and location, adorable bathroom sink) but our waitress was rude/condescending and the drinks were over-priced.
If your looking for a sausage fest and plastic cups this is the place for you...horrible service rude staff
The food stands out here. Interesting items such as the juicy lucy and capriese grilled cheese sandwich. As well as being of good quality.
Avoid the PF Chang's at Kierland.  Loud, randomly chosen music.  Chicken lettuce wraps - chicken burned, should use newer lettuce.  \n\nNeed to pay more attention to food preparation and quality.
Great place to go for healthy drinks and food. I tried the wellness drink and the vegan pizza and both were great. The place is a little pricey, but way worth it.
Always love a Wineburger with mushrooms and Swiss.  Pair it with some onion scoops and an ice cold Stella and that's as good as it gets.\n\nBe sure to grab some extra napkins.
Casey Moore's is easily the best bar in Phoenix, and one my favorites in the country...very diverse crowd...even though it is hipster central...
Love this place!  Great food and huge portions. Love to eat here every time we Re in the South park area around breakfast time
You talk about a lot of food!  Huge portions of breakfast goodness!  You have to eat here.
Girls in Bikinis & Girls in Bikinis... oh and they sell me a cup of whatever. Yeah!
Stoutamisu. \n\nEspresso & Oatmeal Stout in a cake?!?! Genius!
Cook is stuffing shit in his mouth while making my food! Patrons and band are great, I'll never order food here again! The so called security guards are complete tools! I sure miss the good ol days when this was a great place to hang out and listen to live music!
Pulled pork was great! Do know that when you say you want the large portion you are going to get a huge portion. Service was spectacular with at least four people asking if I needed anything else. They also call you sweetie and honey like a true southern restaurant
Some of my friends went there and got some Cadillac cars and they were so nice and helpful in my friends picking out the predict Car I have heard all good things about this garage
This place SUCKS! NO CUSTOMER SERVICE! payed for a suite with a king bed and they give me a room with 2 queen beds! After try to up sell me at check in! Classic!
Played there many times but first time staying there. Room was big and clean. Would definitely stay there again.
Very good. Tried this for the first time today and really liked it. Like the atmosphere. The servings were big. The pumpkin bread was awesome. It was a little pricey. For three of us the bill was $50.00 but two people added bread and one bacon. For the quality it's worth it.
Great place! Great wine!\n\nSometimes the service can be a little slow or in our case the server gave us menu's then when she came to take our order she told us the items we chose were out of stock since the day prior. So it would have been nice to know that, lol.
My review of Prime can be summed up very simply... so-so steak, not that great sides, and the waiter spilled something all over my back .... the manager offered NOTHING but an apology for my soiled dress shirt. I've had way way better in Las Vegas. Save your time and money and clothes.
Still not the most wonderful experience, but hey - it's a chain store.
I should have just gone to Harris Teeter for a microwave pizza. I wouldn't have done this review if my friend didn't laugh at the pizza after I offered him a slice. It was like cardboard with barely any sauce or cheese. I'll never go there again.
I only go here on occasion but I like the drink I order, the place is always clean, and prices are fine. I have never eaten here before so I can't really comment on that.
Got very, very, sick off the french dip.  Service was without a smile. Long wait.  Would not recommend.
It was our first time using the range here and I was very impressed with the facility. The lanes are clean, well-maintained and the staff is friendly and polite.  The prices are very affordable as well.  We will definitely return.
My food came out cold, and the server was no where to be found, the drinks were good though .
All I can say is never again. Not only did they not have our product done when they said they would, but there was no sense of urgency to have proper customer service in any way during this situation. I won't go back for sure.
Best local bar stop after work! We somehow meet up with the happy hour! Love the service! And location is minutes away from work (Airport) pretty cheap prices and super good food! Been here about 6 times and it's never a fail! Made joint our hang out spot after work with colleagues. Not bad! Great environment.
Sara Platz left the company & I wasn't able to secure one interview. Signed up with another agency, had two interviews in one week. Relocated back to the DMV area, so all worked out in my favor in the end.
Wanted to eat breakfast and this was the next choice since my other place was packed. I ordered the steak and eggs with a side of red velvet pancakes. Steak was plain tasting and I had to use A1 steak sauce. A ok food. But average I would say.
Food is barely edible......service is spotty and the place has a reputation for padding the bills and scooping up cash that does not belong to them
A little overpriced for the quality. The filet mignon was not as tender as anyone in my party would have liked. Also, the truffle butter as a topping for the steak was an extra $12. It's a beautiful restaurant, great and friendly service.
It was a good ride, exciting and great view. Some of the tracks are hidden in the hotel and that's cool. \n\nAnd it was fun when I watch the coaster climbed on the tracks and did a fast run then heard ppl screaming, ha ha. I was there, yeah.
WOW! This place is great! From the vibe to the dessert, I have NO complaints!\nThe drinks were amazing and the bartender was great. The Lobster Mac n Cheese and Chicken alla Vodka were incredible! I can't wait to go back!
Aaaaaaaaaaand NOT so much....
Had the smoked meet sandwich. It was good, but nothing amazing.\n\nI would normally give this place 4 stars, but wow, the people that work here are jerks. Extremely rude and obnoxious. I would never go back.
it was a great sports atmosphere. The pizza is ok.The service was good and the potatoe skins were awesome. good happy hour prices.
The food is decent and the atmosphere is very casual. The best part is that they are open until 3am for that late night noodle craving.
Really good happy hour specials and Atmosphere is awesome!
Giant slices of Traditional pizza, great prices and the staff is friendly and fun.  Stop by, you won't regret it.
A part here cost me $24. Found same part at Home Depot for $8. Won't be back!
The Seafood Buffet was ok. I think it's over priced. Otherwise it's not a bad buffet. I did Love the Shrimp Grits
We went back again last night. The staff remembered us from many weeks ago. Chef Eric remembered our orders, and my special dietary restrictions. We sat at the bar and it was somehow more cozy than the tables.\n\nThis might be my favorite restaurant in Phoenix...
Decent as all Discount Tires seem to be.  Not as friendly or fast as the locations in the suburbs and upselling happens much more often, but decent work and solid prices.
We had beef burritos. Food was bland.  Would not go back.
I decided to give this company a chance and it ended up being a mistake. My pool filter is now broken and has an awful leak.  I was never briefed about this.  My water bill ended up being over $200.
This is a Pete' Fish and Chips wannabe that did not make it. Very fishy fish. Once was enough.
Staff was training and a disaster zone.  Food was decent.  Price was actually not too bad given that it is in the middle of a hotel.  To be honest I'd probably go back if I stayed at Planet Hollywood again only due to a lack of other good options in the hotel, but otherwise its one to skip.
Good Place. Cool seating arrangement (very family style). Happy Hour is a good value. Skyy Vodka drinks are like $4 each. Good value. Food was just above average. Not a Sushi guy, so I had the chicken, it was good, not great. Cool pre-spot maybe before the movies?
I've since been back several times, this place deserves three stars rather than my original two. I'd even give it 3.5 if that were an option. It's decent thai food. It's not the best, it's not the worst, and typically the service is friendly.
Good place for a dim-sum brunch! Been there several times. It's not the greatest dim-sum I ever had. But as the only dim sum place I can find in Pittsburgh, it's not bad. If anybody know any other dim sum restaurant, let me know.
Montagu sandwich. Roast beef and turkey Yummy!  \nTomato soup was awesome! \n\ndefinitely will come back here to try more bites when I'm in Vegas next!
This is the second time I've been here and it's super delicious. I would highly recommend the family style tasting menu. You try a variety of things that I probably would not have ordered and it's totally delicious. I would highly recommend.
This place is very clean and has a friendly staff. Our favorite was the sisig. Too bad they took it off the menu. Their sinigang and lechon kawali are delicious.
RE was delicious Tapas, sadly they are now closed :(
Great dentist office! They are very welcoming and make you feel comfortable. It's worth going to if you live in the area.
HUGE MOVIE SCREEN.\n\nThat's what you get for paying extra for the Cine Capri. You get what you paid for.\n\nOn a side note, I noticed that I eat the popcorn before the movie and not during the movie.
Billy is amazing!   He can play nearly any song from any generation.   FANTASTIC TIME!!!!
I not not impressed with the Orange Chicken at all. The chicken breading was extremely soggy and the sauce had minimal flavor. For the price for one Orange chicken and two sweet and sours, will try somewhere else next time..
This is a good place for good beer prices and decent bar foot. It has been open for over 20 years and nothing has changed!! The bar seating is a little awkward, but the tables all have good views of the TV's. The servers are friendly.
The food was barely edible. They do have plenty of tv's. For a place called the ale house you'd think they would have more craft beers available. Service was better than the food,  but just average.
Perfect hand tossed crust, great service, fresh every time. What else do you need at a lunch place? Perfect!
the restaurant was clean and too cold!!  The food was fresh but plain.  It needed more sauce or some seasoning of some sort.
This place has the best tacos I've ever had.  A few of them are on the spicy side, so make sure you order something you can deal with.  There's not a single item here that is sub-par.
Crowded. Overpriced. Men checking ID's in the front have literally denied my friends who are DEFINITELY older than 21.
They have big portions! I ordered a beef chop steak and my eyes widened when I saw the serving size. Luckily for me, I had a small breakfast and a late lunch so I ate a lot. But I still needed a takeaway box. I gave 3 stars because I did not like the macaroni salad and they only accept cash.
Store isn't doing so well so a lot of stuff is on sale. A very BIG selection of Hello Kitty and her friends in such a small space. They even have the different collaborations with Sanrio (a somewhat rare find). Nice little gem in an otherwise crappy mall.
Total fan of this store! They have great clothes for great prices.Ii especially love the selection of activewear. The have fantastic Under Armour shirts for $9.99.
it was the best breakfast I have had in a while.  We did not have a wait which was also great.  Our server, Diana, was very helpful and upbeat.  I would come here more if I lived on this side of town.
This place has great fresh food .\nI have never had a item I didnt like and I have NEVER EVER had bad service.\nThey lunch specials are cooked and delivered in a timely manor.\n\nDid i mention The food is really really good!
airport-like security screening at base of tower is odd. service is cheerful and professional; yet nothing unique about the bland cafeteria like uniforms for such an expensive restaurant.  drinks are not memorable; lunch is best option for the value. one of the best hamburgers for lunch; great room for seeing the city from above.
This is one of the more run down Wine in Spirits in all of the city.  I only go to this Wine and Spirits sparingly, it's that bad.  The store is tiny and cramped and the wine selection is almost nonexistent.
Italian Beef was good as were the fries. The highlight was the homemade Italian Ices. Good place for lunch and prices were not bad. Will be back for sure.
Solid bagel shop, but a bit too sweet and some of the bagels were a little stale (not fresh?) and doughy.
Cool place alot of history that I never knew about good place for groups and individual visits if u never been you most go.
I love Chick Fil A and this location delivers like all the other locations do
I only come to this Safeway if I am needing one item and I am around the area.  It is small and dark.  I like that they have a gas station, gas is cheaper than then Safeway at the Summit.
First time here.  Service was horrible . Took forever for someone to acknowledge us and then hardly saw the waiter.  The food(shrimp parm) was good but due to the poor service would not go back.  If they dont care about me, why should I care about them.
I really had high hopes for this club.  New to the area I was excited to try a new place. The drinks are good. But the added dust bunnies being blown from the ceiling are a deal breaker.  It's rather disgusting.  This place needs a good cleaning.
Great food and normally great atmosphere, but today thus music was the nastiest hardcore rap that was just offensive. How many F-bombs can you realistically listen to while eating lunch and watching sports. Dropped 2 stars from what I would last night whenit used to be my favorite place in shadyside.
This USED to be our families go to place! There was 1 other patient in the lobby. My child waited 1 hour in the lobby. The girl working the computer was very slow!! The service here has plummeted! Doctors and healthcare are horrible in nevada and now include this place as one of the worst. Find somewhere else
Reliable.  'Nuff said.
This place is indeed closed. Some of the laziest service staff in town, who would ignore you for a good ten to fifteen minutes after you walked in and waited to be acknowledged. Another place would do well in this prime location.
After reading all the great reviews, my wife and I we're expecting much better than what we experienced. Nothing was bad, but nothing was great. Food was ok and service was the same. The menu descriptions are better than the food. Not enough to go back for.
Enjoyed every minute of being there. Good selection of menu choices. Very knowledgeable waiter. Will go again next time in Vegas.
Central Car Care is the most honest,  trustworthy, and reliable auto repair shop I've come across in a long  time.  I found them on Yelp and I'm really glad I decided to take my car there.
Great for health conscious fanatics... They serve it three ways: vegan,vegetarian or regular. The healthier you order the more expensive. I ordered the tuna salad sammich and chose the salad in lieu of baked chips, with a mojito tea. It was surprisingly satisfying!
What is the BIG DEAL about this place??  Seriously.
It's a very difficult task to stand out along the crowded waterfront. The few times I've been have been great but not quite great enough to take time away from its neighbors.   The concept is there and I will continue to patronize it in search of a fifth star and some more fingerling potatoes.
The area is a little sketchy but the restaurant is very nice, they have a great selection of tequila and margaritas. The food is decent but what I liked most is that when you order the guacamole a guy comes out and makes it from scratch in front of you. \n\nI would go back..
Do not eat here! I took a couple of friends to sushi mon over the weekend and their service was horrible.  Moreover, they served our table spoiled uni. When I complained to the waitress and cashier they both acted as if nothing was wrong. Fyi, when you complain coincidentally no one speaks English.
Horrible food!!!  I sent my first meal back and the second was just as bad!  Don't waste your money at this establishment!  Even the chips were stale!
It was ok. Very small - not a bunch of cool stuff to pick through - everything in the store is pretty much in glass cases. At least I can say I've been there, done that.
Good food, nice lunch.
Meh, it's functional I guess.  I'm usually only here for layovers and seem to have the same experience every time.  Walking long, endless hallways in search of more than one food option and never finding a place to sit down near the food options or near the gates.
Tix 4 tonight is a great value for show tickets. They have several locations on the strip and downtown.
This place sucks! The room was clean, but there are a LOT of undesirables here, and the walls are paper-thin, I could hear the lady next door talking about buying her grandchildren chocolate through the walls!  The tv changed on its own, and the staff was unprofessional, would not recommend.
Had the worst Italian food ever.......
The best pizza in Little Italy and maybe even all of Montreal. If your visiting Montreal this is definitely a place you need to check out!
This place is OK.  There's a decent variety.  Prices are OK.  Food is OK.  There's nothing really special but it's consistent and predictable.  It's not my first choice but it's a place we will go occasionally.
Came here for lunch. Great tomato bisque and 4 cheese grilled cheese sandwich. Definitely a great place for lunch.
Front desk lady very nice, knew my name as I walked on. That's some good customer service. Inside is clean, coffee, very professional looking.
It seems like they are always very busy here when we show up.  \n\nTypical Chilis, food is alright, service could be faster but it's standard for a big chain.
okay this to me is what god and every one considers a dive bar beside the fact that the beer is cold and cheap and it never closes and the live music is a utopia of good things every time i go to vegas i go back to bar and get some ass juice  love this place wish  there was one in boston
Not bad... the Restaurant.com coupon helped make this 2 star restaurant into a 3-star.
Read many great reviews about the wonderful customer service but could not even get anyone to call me back.  Finally gave up and went with someone else.
The volcano show sucked!
Overrated and expensive. Bagels are tasteless - tried egg, sesame and one other. Anyone connecting them to NY bagels needs to try a good NY bagel back east and reconsider. Corned beef saved the second star in this review.
The food is good, but this particular location is so unorganized, slow and dirty it's ridiculous. Unfortunately, they are one of the fast and close lunch options for employees of the Biltmore Mall complex, so they continue to get our business. Avoid lunch hours and don't expect friendly service.
The best fried chicken I've had in my life.  PLUS amazing decor, great/fun service, delicious drinks, and the rest of the food (outside of the incredible fried chicken) is darn good too.  Highly recommend!
Amazing food and service! Made a reservation online and was able to seat us 10 minutes earlier than scheduled time in a cozy table tucked away from the majority of the diners for a romantic dinner for two. Grilled swordfish and cashew crusted tilapia were amazing. The chocolate box was a very decadent finish to our meal!
The CHINOIS CHICKEN Salad is the best salad on planet Earth. Period.
Cold food.  Had to send my entre back.  It has been dumbed down for Joe Restaurant.  Tighten it up Bobby.
Very nice place. The service and food were top notch. The spinach ravioli, recommended by our server, absolutely to die for.
Honestly, i enjoyed the food the last two times ive gone. But ive had their wine twice with my meal and ive gotten very sick afterwards to the point i vomit and don't eat until very late. I would say it is overpriced but arent all buffets expensive.
Have had my car serviced here twice, both under emergent conditions on a Saturday afternoon.  On both occasions, my car was repaired that day, making a special trip to get a part and staying late to complete the work so that I could avoid rental fees.  Outstanding customer service!
Quick service and great menu selection! This was our first experience with an Oyster Bar. The 15$ six-shooter with Patron is highly recommend, best money I spent in Vegas and the presentation was beautiful.
Not bad. Good selection of rolls. I only got to try the Scottsdale and some other special sashimi. Definitely filled me up. They were very friendly too. Would try again for the other sushi rolls.
Picked up a pepperoni pizza and Greek salad to go. We were not disappointed.
Good food can be quickly forgotten by bad service.  I'm sorry that you've got the table from hell, but out table is important too!\n\nThe micro brew samplers were interesting and tasty, but nothing else screamed repeat and come back here.
We went for dinner. Our waiter was okay. Once we didn't order expensive meals, he became much less attentive.  The food was good. The decor was gaudy. It was overpriced. Average experience.
This place was really good.  Good fresh flavors, we had a veg and tofu dish, a pork dish and a chicken dish it was all good.  The food came out really fast.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the hostess was a little scattered and came off as quite rude at times.
We recently had lunch at Thai place and were very disappointed. They've cut back on quality and quantity and unfortunately it was very dirty. My husband got food poisoning. The entire menu and restaurant needs redone. We won't be returning.
Excellently prepared.  Great customer service.  The schwarma and gyro are great, hummus and greek salad fantastic.  I wish I lived closer to eat here every day!
Great spot to eat outside and watch the fountains. Great food, although since it's French it can be a bit heavy. Love the steaks and the onion soup.
For those who don't know, this place is owned by the same people that own Cheesecake Factory (the decoration looks almost identical). Huge servings with great food. Their breakfast buffet looked quite fresh with your usual items to choose from.
awesome store wish i lived near it! super unique dresses. GLAM GLAM GLAM! it has vegas written all over it.
Its almost a crime to call this Hawiian food...the mac salad had zero flavor, the bbq chicken was marginal at best and the pineapple chicken sauce was gross. the only reason they get 1 star is because the white rice was good and sticky. very unsatisfying
Nice selection of higher end clothing. Staff are eager to help you find the style and size that you need.  It is pricey, but they do have nice clothing and personal service that set them apart from larger stores.
Fun atmosphere. Good, fresh flavors. Guacamole is great. Chips are made on premises. Tacos are like the real deal. Definitely a few notches above Taco Time.
Jizz-tasic!!!
I was not impressed by this place at all. Extremely overpriced for the portion you receive. You pretty much are paying for the ambiance is all. The service was very slow considering they only had three tables in the entire restaurant. The presentation was nice, however, they at baby servings ... I am still hungry
So many wonderful options! I went to food good and picked local loaf. I love the food there but I also love the atmosphere of the whole place. I would def recommend it to everyone in the area. I'll be back soon!
3 for atmosphere and 1 for food. The view was really good, and the slide was really fun with the kids. Live band was ok and the bull was meh.. The food was absolutely horrible everything tasted pre made or microwaved it was really really bad I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
Great brunch!!  I had a lobster omelette.  We were in a rush and they got our orders out very quickly and were extremely nice.  Will definitely go here again when I'm in the area.
One time I was there it took them about 15 minutes to just get someone to the cash register come on! I eventually just left.
If you're downtown near McGill then this is the place to get a latte.
So fancy and so good. Pizza, wines, notebooks, cupcakes, coffee.  Everything your yuppies heart needs.\n\nAlong with some free wi-fi, you can see why all the folks and their yoga mats were hanging out here.
Great service, very knowledgeable and friendly staff. Very community focused. \nLarge selection of road bikes, mountain bikes, some beach cruisers and BMX plus all the gear..
I don't like this Walmart. It seems to attract a very strange crowd of people. It's also quite small and does not have really anything you need. I would go to another Walmart in the area if you need to do a ton of shopping.
Very nice hotel.   Very clean, the rooms were nice, and  The staff were all friendlly and helpful.   The cleaning staff were particularly good and fast.   Nice place to stay visit las vegas
Cold beer and nice eye candy!!
They carry the best products.  Their staff is like one big family and getting your hair or nails done is like a social event.  They are reasonably priced, in a great location, clean, friendly and accommodating!  If you're looking for a new salon call them and they will have the stylist you're looking for.
Ohhh yea!  I love it.  Good stuff with a nice price!  Make up for $1.00, Glad trash bags 32 for 5.00.  I didn't get to look around like I wanted to, but I guess that's a good thing!
The only thing that made SHADES special was ANDREA!..Oh and those mexican blankets are cool!
This is the ABSOLUTE BEST Pizza in Henderson. The crust, sauce and toppings are amazing. I got the Super Six and loved it. I really like Metro Pizza but this is way better.
GREAT museum.  Loved it.  I usually spend a short time in museums, but the Warhol museum had my attention for houes.  Beautifully done, and I love that visitors can touch and interact with many of the exhibits.
Awful.
I had dog damages on my carpet and now I have clean carpet floor. Very good company!!
We've been there a few times and the food is always good with large portions and made to order. The rice is better than most high-end Greek restaurants that we've visited. Decor is cheap and simple. Place is clean and bright.
Meh, I had better services else where..
We got the party size and 2 slices of the Chicken pesto. All the food was great and filling. My kids were done after only a slice each.
Went here during a trip to vegas.  Shared the WOW puff pastry and the quesadilla poblano, and a roo tea.  Everything was amazing, and the service was wonderful too.  Definitely worth the trip off the beaten path!
Breaking away from my usual poetic direction.\n\nOMG this is really \"forget you\" good! That sauerkraut on the chicago polish really hits the spot. Cheap & arousing.\n\nClose to the strip so if you're a tourist drop by.
I love this Studio ..Nice n Clean with Friendly Staffs
Eating at Fuji was a bland experience. The food was bland and aside from my dining partner there is nothing bout this restaurant that would make me come back. Don't waste your time or money there are better spots to enjoy! Really!!!
Is this a fast food joint?? They stop serving breakfast at 10...
I LOVE their lunch boxes!\nHowever, who knows but... I don't feel like they are changing their cooking oil too often...\n\nUpdate: quality of food is consistency along with super fast delivery.
What a joke.   Benihana.com has a $39 special on the home page .   It says nothing about participating locations!   Guess what ?   No specialls allowed here the server says.   \"We don't onna dat\" she says in broken English .
Best CheeseBurgers in the East Valley !  Service by there employees is always above and beyond !
Conveniently located near where we were staying in North Scottsdale, I have to say that the baristas are uber-friendly and make a mean iced peppermint mocha! So good, I came back every morning until we had to head back home to CA. :)
I cannot get enough of Mikasa. Great sushi made fresh in front of you. This is a great place to be with friends. The service is fast, friendly and very patient with answering all of your what is in kamikaze needs. Great sushi. Great staff.
Service seems alright, but the selection is dated and not attractive.
Never returning to this place again! I was really disappointed with the way the staff treats the customers. They told me one price when I went in and a totally different price when it was time to pay. Moreover, the staff tends to talk in their own language, which I find very disrespectful.
The product was enjoyed by our Pittsburgh family.  The delivery was there for everyone to enjoy and the three flavors that we had ordered, Cheese, Carmel and Movie Theatre were equally enjoyed.  Excellent place to do business with excellent service provided.
Good food with very reasonable prices
Will not go back. The floors and tables were dirty.
Spicy Thai wings are delicious as well as the curry dishes, my favorite Thai spot in arizona
One of the best healthy food store I go to. I live their deli sandwich there. Place is nice and neat.
The pizza had great potential, the ingredients all tasted very fresh. Unfortunately, the pizza was burned very badly and gave a very pungent bitter taste.  I've been to Europe several times, and this would be considered garbage for Europe.
Food ok, music great, service sucked.\nIf you like Blues, you will enjoy.  Don't go for the food, wine or service.\nHave had much better BBQ...
Fantastic food, friendly service, nice portions.  A real hidden gem amongst the chains.
Friendly, same as almost every other starbucks in the country! Nothing amazing, nothing bad. Its near my Vegas home, thats why I go!
I asked the waiter for butter,He told me they don't have butter.How do they make Scampi then? Horrible place! Dry chicken,flavorless food.Stay away.
Saw Toy Story 3 here today.  It's a great little theater with recent movies and the price can't be beat.
Way overpriced food which isn't an authentic Mexican restaurant. Mexican food is one of my favorite cuisines but this restaurant didn't deliver. Food is ok but won't recommend it.
Really enjoyed welcoming atmosphere here. Greeted and seated promptly, water with ice and lemon was brought quickly, and my chicken pannini with salad was really good. Pannini was warm and tasty, salad fresh with a light dressing. I will return.
I know it's hard to live up to the hype but it really is as good as it gets.  So simple and perfect.  The best.
Overpriced mediocre sushi. Ramen was pretty good but not worth $18. Do yourself a favor and go to Little Tokyo.
I've tried two sandwiches here, both were dry.  That said, I would choose Capriottis over Subway 6 our 10 times.
Felt like I was drinking through the opening of a Bond movie.  Come to think of it, the decor *was* a bit \"Dr. No\"...
Absolutely out of this world - The rolls are the best I've had anywhere.  Our favorite Sushi restaurant by a long shot.  Friendly staff - can't wait to go back.
Excellent food and margaritas!!
It's Red Robins....  pretty standard fare.  I've been to this location before and plenty of others.  The service is always good, usually very friendly.  I'll be back again I'm sure, kids always love it.
Great selection of coffee and friendly customer service. Free WiFi and comfy chairs make this place a great addition to the neighborhood.
I'm spoiled by the outlet mall in Vegas cuz this one sucks. No Sketchers killed it for me, but I didn't see a ton of other shops I wanted to visit when I went looking for shoes. Bummer.
I thought the place was great. The vegan dishes were delicious. And as far as the place, it had a great vibe to it.
Today I spent some good quality time at a hidden gem in Chandler...Chef Andrew was top notch, as well as the rest of the staff. I had some of the best Yellowtail there is..this place is the truth!!!..cheers to Hon Machi!!!..see you soon
I've tried the typical breakfast places... But this one was way better! I got whole wheat pancakes. They even tasted good!!! It's relatively cheap considering the good is healthy and delicious. Our waitress was very attentive and the decor was cute. I would go back :)
How does this place even stay in business. It's disgusting. The food is crap. Everything is filthy. All the waitresses look like crackheads. They screwed up a club sandwich & fries. How is that even possible?  It deserves negative stars for sucking so badly.
A little too expensive. Bad haircut. \nIf going here for a men's haircut, avoid Renee.
Drove all the way over there and was ready to pick out my slice when I reached for the door to find it locked. They signaled through the window that they were closed 30 minutes early.  Ironic considering their were a bunch of pizzas still visible in the window.  Change your posted hours or close when your website states your going to you asses
Stay away. Rude people.  They changed the game I was watching and no apology.  They were rude. I went down the street to the firehouse and was treated as a customer should be.  To the Tavern mgmt - customers have a choice.  Train your staff to treat people with respect!
Loved the unique flavors of the cookies.  Perfect texture and tasted great! Got some as a gift and they were packaged beautifully.  Will try them again.
If you are in a hurry or not, this place serves great food at reasonable prices. I especially like the Paradise Bakery Club Croissant and a big cookie to boot.
A little pricey the area-- over all the food was yummy.  Our service was slow on a not-so busy night.  \n\nBe sure to try the sangria!!  It's delish!!
Simply the BEST!
Amazing set up great atmosphere. I love the LED bar can't wait to go back. Wonderful food the chicken wings are my favorite
Expensive and the food wasn't very good at all and there was no one in the restaurant and they still tried to put us at a bad table! Vodka pour was pathetic and the portions sizes were very small.  No way will this stay in business longer than a year.
I eat here for lunch 3 times a week. Chicken is always great! Quick and cheap
Everything is always great here- food and service! I love their chips and salsa. This is where I take out of town visitors for Mexican food and it's always a hit.
Both of the specific items I went here for were currently \"out of stock.\" I was not happy.
Beautiful hotel, great pool area. Family friendly place. Concierge service was less than satisfactory. They were rude and unhelpful. Did not give late check out as promised. Cleaning services did not show up on scheduled day.
Well we ve been sitting for 40 minutes waiting for our salads.... All I see is the girl behind the bar sharing something on her phone will the other employees.  They're laughing, I'm thinking a call to corporate!
Barro's pizza is absolutely the best delivery pizza you can get in phoenix in my opinion. They are alway nice to talk to and accurate as ever. we always order extra ranch and hot wing sauce and they have never forgotten anything. This is my go to place for pizza.
One of my favorite places, open until 4 am good food always on time and great staff... #1 with the Days Inn
they have a pretty extensive menu, you would find something to eat pretty easy. The appetizers come in pretty big portions and  their food is very Delicious. They also have an extend wine menu.
The restaurant isn't overly clean inside.  The main sushi chef couldn't be less friendly.  However, the 2 for 1 specials are compelling.
Amazing PLace!!! Amazing Service
Not always the best customer service but they do help.
Excellent burgers...Rossini Burger is a must! Short ribs, lobster tail, black truffles - YUM
Clean airport and easy to get around in.   I enjoy the free internet and food choices.   I try to connect through Phoenix if I have a choice.
Meat pies were one of the highlights of our trip to Australia/New Zealand. The only disappointment we had in discovering this place is that we didn't find it earlier
It was a little disorganized, the staff was super friendly though. The lady that checked me out was efficiently quick and cheerful. The sales were great today as well.
Been going to this car wash for a few years now. It gets slower and slower every time. Sat in waiting area for an hour last time. Not going back. 15 workers and its terrible
Very good poutine. They have many different choices of poutine to choose from and they make the food very quickly
Catfish taco lunch special every Friday.  Great lunch for $5!\n\nThat said, the best time of day to visit the Kitchen is happy hour - bargains on very high quality offerings.
I love this place! It's one of our favorites!! :D
This is the 2nd time we've come early enough but the hostess didn't want to seat us so we are going elsewhere ... $300 tab .... Your loads mutha fuckas !!!!
Went here just for dessert. \n\nThe staff was nothing to write home about. They were prompt on refills of my beverage. Dessert was just placed down roughly while my waitress walked away. \n\nFlavors were pretty good.
Our local vet recommended the U of I VTH when our puppy was in bad shape.  We drove over an hour to get him there.  The students and doctors are wonderful people and practice excellent care.  Highly recommended.
Amazing experience! If you are in Vegas I would highly recommend this place. Fun, easy, and great for everyone! The staff is incredibly friendly too.
Good concept, great wings, family friendly, for what the place is, great food, well executed. My son loves the place and they give you a gigantic popsicle for dessert. What's not to love...
Had a great meal at Olives!!  Portabello mushroom flatbread was outta this world in my opinion.  Great view of Lake Bellagio.  Unlike alot of people, I found sitting inside the restaurant better than being outside.  Outside seemed too loud with the music from the fountain shows.
Verizon sucks, despite all the good things I've heard about them. One example: auto-pay randomly won't work and you'll be charged a late payment fee that they won't reverse. That's one problem I never had in 10 years at AT&T!
the \"combination with choice of 2 meats\" is actually putting 2 meats in 1 sandwich. I like their potato latkas though.
Good everyday spot - fine burgers and I was glad when they opened here - used to go regularly in LA. Haven't been there for a bit, and prefer the Palm for burgers.
Very nice place, great restaurant and bars!! I love how they infuse the air with a coconutty smell like suntan lotion!!! Better then cigarette smoke! The staff is nice and helpful!
Not that impressed, went here while they were promoting free tanning services one week, the lady put me in the versa spa spray tanning booth, I felt like I was whiter than when I stepped in. They weren't very friendly seemingly because I didn't have a membership. Not getting one after that.
We really like their chicken nachos.
Nothing impressive about this place. The environment was not very welcoming and the ceviche I was craving for was tasteless.
I have always liked this one. The people are nice. I wish they would be quieter when conducting their business up front. Otherwise the place is clean, the price is amazing. I get the hour long massage but it's never enough. I tried the detox foot thing... It was interesting to try.
Amazing place. Love the outside/inside aspect of it and it's luxury venue makes it an awesome experience. Top Dj's in the world as well.
I had the lemon sauced/flavored chicken breast dish.  While th lemon sauce was tasty, everything else was only okay.  The veggies and potatoes were there and did not help complement the dish at all.  I didn't like the olive oil and vinegarette in the middle because it made it very difficult to enjoy the bread.
To be honest - the lady next to me is complaining about pretty much everything and is being ridiculous. This obviously isn't her type of restaurant. She just threatened to post on Yelp, so I'm dropping a much deserved 5 star rating to counter act her silliness.
Just moved from Chicago... we love their pizza & garlic knots. We tried the Modesto (added spinach and sausage). Really really good. Plus, while we waited for the pizza... played a few slots next door and won enough to cover our dinner. Win win!
Wow- this place is cool.   High up on the penthouse floor of Mandalay Bay.  We sat outside overlooking Vegas on the ledge.   This was one of the best cuts of meat I have ever had.   The filet there is to die for.   I forked out a grip of dough...but it was worth it.
My wife and I LOVE their food, great pizza, awesome Canolli's and the really good ranch dressing.  Cons are very expensive for what you get, and the staff has zero personality, like they couldn't care if you were there or not.
If you like sushi - this is a must GO place. You should ask for the specials because the head chef gets top of the shelf sushi from all over the world. Simply amazing food, service and great atmosphere
Dwayne cleaned our carpets and tile today and did an exceptional job. The customer service was fantastic and the price was good. His equipment is top notch and our floors look great! We've already set an appointment to get the rest of our rooms cleaned. Smells like a new home!!!
The place is still nice but now the slots are virgin tight because they have to help pay for the new Penguin's Arena.
I had one slice of pepperoni and it was not edible.  Horrible, horrible pizza.  I also had to tell the guy to give me the one of the only two slices that were burnt that were on display.
i went in for a shellac manicure and was truly impressed!  they have a great color selection and my nails were perfect for a whole month!  the staff was very nice and friendly!  would definitely come back the next time i'm in town!
Wow! I've got to say that the service is wonderful.  They are not short on staff either.  haha!  That's a good thing though.  Plenty of help if you need it.  The food is good too.  I've been here twice and both times with no complaints.
Took my girlfriend here last night. They said it was an 1.5 hour wait.  We waited 4 hours.  It was super frustrating.   They had 1 doctor and close to 20 patients waiting.  Never again
The employees are rude and got 2/3 items wrong in my order, then was annoyed to fix it. The guy working the ordering in the drive thru was terrible.  I won't be back.
HUGE menu, but I stuck with the classic buttermilk pancakes - chocolate chip buttermilk pancakes.  Service was very fast and super friendly.  Easy freeway access.
This place USED to be the place but the owner has tripled his prices. I will be finding another repair place.
Facilities were clean and easy to navigate.  I wouldn't mind traveling through here again.
Best gyros I have ever had.  \"thumbs up\"
The showed up when they said they would. Very professional. They checked our AC/Heat pump to make sure it was in working order for the winter. Would do business with again.
Pretty good, large portion, pretty waitress, bad parking and poor atmosphere. I don't know if I'd go back. Maybe if I was really hungry and it boiled down to this place or the Cheba Hut.
The best thing I can say about their food is that it's a few steps below dog food although I think the dog might have already eaten it. I have no idea how this chain is still in business.
best place to buy a bike in AZ.
Great breakfast with a mimosa! \nHighly recommend this place.\nIn my best Schwarzenegger voice...\"I'll be back!\"
this show was hilarious.  if i had paid i would have been pissed but luckily i somehow ended up on the list.\n\nclassic rock, tits, some fire stuff.   ehhh.
I think I may go back.  I am trying to remember how it was but the only aspect of the experience that stands out was the pho broth was standard compared to its neighbors.  Location is a bit hair raising but that should not stop anyone from trying it.
Wow! What a disappointment for this once great place. Food was still acceptable but no football, just really loud, ear splitting music.  So loud the customers complaints must not have been heard because it just kept on cranking. The adjacent table left mad.....we left with a headache.
Excellent room with view of the Belagio fountains. Hotel itself was not fantastic. The restaurants were good, but the design is confusing and inconsistent. Make sure you get a room in the east tower facing the Bellagio.
Better than i thought it would be. Stayed here while traveling with work. Even got upgraded to a suite, all because i asked if there was any available. Great spot on the strip. Ideal for anyone on a low budget.
Reallllllllllly slow service, I think the staff doesn't realize you are supposed wait till after work to smoke the ish.  The food was okay but expensive at least the OJ was awesome.  \n\nGood hipster vibe.
Went here on a Saturday night and waited over an HOUR for some sushi!! Everyone at my table ate were served their food and my sister was already done with hers by the time I got my plate! But the sushi was good... but an HOUR?! WTF?! NOT COOL!!!
Very fun bar with great staff and bartenders!  Piano players will try to play anything and are very talented and funny.  Video poker at the bar seats, so free drinks if playing.
One of our favorite burger joints in Phoenix.  It's a little dive bar/restaurant and the burgers are so good.  We drive 10 miles from home to get one.  Definitely recommend.
Not a good experience. At least I got a refund after the issue.
Never again.... Got wicked food poisoning. Wish I could have given 0 star but wanted to warn others.  \nBesides the horrible food poisoning the food was mediocre at best, the sauces were soupy and bland.
Love the burgers, hate the price! $9.00 for a cheese burger and drink, cannot afford the fries. The fries are too large to order if you want just a single serving. I would eat here more often if the prices and portions were more reasonable.
Cute!  Cute!  Cute!  We walked in on Saturday afternoon for dessert, and there was just us and another family.  The gal working the front was sweet and super helpful!  We will definitely be back for sure.
In Vegas, it's hard to find good food that doesn't cost too much. This place was awesome!
There's a billion people behind the counter and yet they can't seem to get an order correct or out in a timely fashion.
Good breakfast burrito at a good price.  Large portions.
I don't know...I just don't like this place. It's wayyyyy too big, so it takes forever to get from point A to point B
First time here, had a rice & bean burrito, Mrs. Had a taco & tostada.  Both thought was very delicious. Reminded me of Mr. Gs/Chili Peppers down in Yuma. Outside seating only but is covered by umbrellas.  friendly staff. Will be back!
Good burgers, nice selection of beer. Not a fancy place and the service is so-so, but if you live close by, it's worth it.
My favorite restaurant on the Strip. Everything I've ever eaten there is amazing (baked cheese app) and the service is great.
The rolled tacos were like chewing hard rubber and the carne asada burrito had a stale tortilla around bland meat.\n\nHaving enjoyed Robertos in other cities, I was very disappointed in the quality here and will not be back.
This is the best show in Las Vegas ,Amazing.Amazing.Amazing!
Great UFC bar - no cover charge - Great drink specials - food's pretty good, too.
Overall is good. The vegi pizza is fresh. The pasta is pretty good. They also offer extra saurce for it.
We returned to Sweet Tomatoes for the first time since the STFK remodel.  fortunately they changed back to the Sweet Tomatoes they once were and it was great.  Thanks for listening ST.   Actually some of the remodel is carried over to the redo and it actually is better then before...
Excellent!  Great menu selection, love the ambiance and the drinks rock!  My new favorite on Market Street.
They have horrible boba my boba had no flavor whatsoever. I should have read the reviews first before coming. I don't know how the food taste but I can assume from the reviews it isn't anything I would want.
Had some really great fried fair...I really cant eat like that everyweek but it was very good for a cheat meal!
What can I say? It's a giant, soulless box called Walmart. The prices are cheap and the product is basic, but I can't shake the feeling that I'm shopping at the enemy and supporting a really awful company.
They were totally right to rate this place best new food truck in Madison.  Everything is fresh, cheap, and delicious.  And the people who run the truck are super cool, and will happily tell you about where ingredience, recipes etc come from.  Great new place.
Delicious! Lots of toppings, especially fruit! \nStaff is ALWAYS friendly and I love that they're open late
If I have to eat at the airport, I usually go to Wendy's.  Sure it's twice as expensive as a normal Wendy's, but it beats out the other restaurants here.  Employees are all friendly.  Plus you can get a free drink refill!!!
If you like Richardson's you should go there because this place is a cheap knockoff.  The decor is tacky and the carne adasada has no flavor. The bacon wrapped shrimp were dry and charred like a spent ember.  Two stars because the waitress was at least friendly.
How do can I describe La Paz? Well lets see, lousy service, below average food that is over priced in a trendy neighborhood that is the best description of this place.
Had the Knishwich & Matzo Ball soup. Thoroughly enjoyed them both! This place is definitely on my Pittsburgh brunch list.
This food was pretty good, nothing spectacular. The wait staff is excellent, very attentive and helpful. The taquitos are crispy and have decent flavor. The rice is a little mushy, but has good flavor as well.
AMAZING service! The food has always been great and such a nice staff I have been a few times now and really love this place great to find some where that still knows what customer service is!
We ordered omakase tasting menu n udon n tamago for my kid. The sushi ( nigri) didn't taste that fresh it was average taste other than that everything was good.seem like for the money I would like the sushi to be really fresh!
So Mexican food is pretty basic. However the music was so loud it was difficult to maintain a private comversation. I figure if I want people to listen in I will sit with them. Chicken salad was ok, the guac had half an avacdo in it. Keep your expectstions low. Overall nothing to write home about.
Service has been a wee bit slow. Bad luck is table/waitress. Hope the food is better.
Horrible horrible horrible horrible, nearly 40 minutes stuck in the drive-through. No apology when I got to the window. They just don't care. Possibly the worst drive through in the country.
Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! Loved this place! Great little spot, fresh salsa bar, fresh shrimp, good service.
You know you're in for a bad meal when you hear\n\" DING\" come from the kitchen. This is the most flavorless Jamaican food I have ever eaten. I will NOT return. Booooo!
Not good I won't be back
I came here for a work event, imagine that. The rooms were clean and the property was in fairly decent shape. The staff was extremely friendly. The place itself is somewhat isolated from a walk to a restaurant or bar standpoint. But good if you are here to focus on work and meetings or perhaps relax with a good book for a weekend.
Ask for Lin, she's the best! I've. Oven Fire pizza at its best. Cold beer and a nice wine selection as well at an affordable cost. Definitely recommend.
Want a late night snack at 3am?  Feel like breakfast after you get up at 1pm?  This is your place.  Always dependable.  Never had an issue with the food here.
This is a nice and clean place and close to security.  Further down the other places are order out or very small.\n\nWe ordered two hamburgers and large Fugi waters and the bill was $40.00!  So be aware!
They cleaned our office and did a great job!
awesome eyebrow threading place.  fast.  cheap.  great service.  i've been here multiple times and i've always walked out with fabulous eyebrows!
Good price. Pretty good gyros. con... they need to clean the tables down.
I have called these guys twice now, and both times they never showed up. Thankfully the city girl in me is still alive and well, so my cab hailing skills are still 100%. Apparently with these guys its just best to avoid making a rez and hail one yourself.. IMO anyway.
I accidentally hit one star. I would never recommend this place ever! The prices are outrageous for the food they produce. The staff did not get any of our orders right. Worst burger place I've been to in a while! My family and I will stick with Freddy's!
Had the O-reva pizza! I recently went to Italy and this crust is the closest I have had since being back. It was very good. Passion fruit tea was excellent.
Great neighborhood chinese restaurant,  and they deliver. Chicken wings & House special chicken are my favorites.
I miss your coffee & cinnamon French toast with caramelized bananas & oatmeal!\nPlease come back!
Awesome sage fried chicken and biscuits Benedict. Boneless fried chicken on top of a biscuit and mashed potatoes, and covered with eggs, cheese, and chipotle gravy.  Can't wait to go again in the future :)
Just ok...poor fries, onion rings too breaded and burger was average at best... Head to In n Out , you'll be better off and have an extra $80 in ur wallet ... Seriously $101 for 3 burgers!!! Shake was excellent ...
Beautiful!! Close to Downtown!!  Be sure to bring cash!  When we went there, there was no one at front gate.  You are to deposit 10 bucks cash in envelope.  You can be fined if you do not.  There are picnic spots and restrooms!!!  NICE
This mall was a nice stop when we were on vacation.  They have pretty much every store you could be looking for and all in a clean building with wide aisles for walking.  They have a Nordstrom and a good variety in the food court.  Some sports stores (Just sports, Lids) for the guys too.
This was my second time here at The Orleans Arena for a graduation. This place is huge! Seating is comfortable and a good view from every angle. I must say attending a graduation indoors is much appreciated especially in Vegas! I would love to come to a concert here one day.
I've never been to Poland, but I reckon these are some of the best pierogies outside of that country. I'm never going back to the frozen varieties. Szmidts only!
The first time we ordered from here a couple months ago, the food was delish.  Not sure what happened since then but the orange chicken tasted weird, the spring rolls seemed like they weren't cooked long enough and the house fried rice was very bland.  We won't be ordering from here again.
I was going to give them a \"1\" star, but they did get half of my order right, and what they gave me by mistake was delicious.
Came here for breakfast.  Maybe we are spoiled from Mon Ami Gabi (they were packed) but it was very bland and overpriced for what you get.
Best donuts!! And the service is good and fast. My family highly recommends Bosa donuts over any donuts.
Very good pizza hard to find but once you do it is worth it
We ordered Works Skillet, Traditional Benny, and the strawberry stuffed toast. All orders come with a large portion, and the most important is: they are very very yummy! Best Breakfast in Vegas!
OMG the protien pancakes get 5 stars. They are amazing. I also like that they have healthy menu options and totally sinful menu options too.\n\nThe rest of the food is pretty good. 4 stars.
Love Pei Wei.  Just tasty, ALWAYS.  \n\nThis location is very easy to get to and cool that you can take it all to go.\n\nService has been pretty good every time I have gone here.
The food here was okay, I had the taco plate.  Maybe for the strip it is good and cheap but in comparison to outside of LV it wouldn't be getting 5 star reviews.  There was nothing wrong with it, but it was not 5 star food.
Simply the best service I have had anywhere in Nevada. If you like a steam punk vibe and appreciate delicious food served in a beautiful setting, you should consider this spot in between Mandalay Bay and the Luxor.
Customer service was so so. Unfortunately for my girlfriend though, the tattoo work was so so as well. She received one by mark. A simple corvette symbol. The shading is splotchy and the lines are not straight. Disappointing considering how simple of a tattoo it is. Keep shopping.
Thai Cuisine is a good Thai restaurant, but the atmosphere is lacking. It feels akin to eating in a high school teachers' lounge (including the musical selections).
Family enjoyed the food quite a bit especially the sweet and sour chicken.
A favorite store of mine, I really like the girls dresses they do, not for myself but for the girls ;) I have a couple of their shirts, nice quality, good fit and fun style. (:
I had all my engine caps and strut tower brace done here. The strut tower brace matches the car with with race stripes perfectly aligned with the oitside paint. Very professional and great pricing!!
The pizza is great. The service is not great and they were slow took over an hour, got the order wrong said they would send us another in 40 mins.......
WOW! Even though it is more $$$$ than our normal Tokyo Lobby, it was nice, food was tasty and will return.
I have been to both Town Square and Linq locations. Both are equally good and have indoor & outdoor eating options. Their drink menu is extensive and very fun for beer lovers. I always offer this as an option to visiting friends and family because there is something on the menu for everyon, the quality is very good, and the prices are fair.
My wife and I ate here this past weekend and really enjoyed the food.  They also have a nice selection of beer.   Definitely worth checking out if you are in the area.
You just can't go wrong with the original fish taco. We also had a shrimp taco which was absolutely delicious. They seemed a little short staffed but soon after we were served a man came in to pick up 3 large carryout totes; must have been why we waited a little longer than normal. Will definitely be back.
First time here last weekend for a Niner Vs Bronco game. Great staff, great service, great prices on pitchers and they have a $2 menu. They also make game watching even more entertaining with the raffle tickets they give out for every touchdown the Broncos make. Oh and the Karaoke after the game was fun too! :)
I'm really pissed they charge $10 for parking just because there is a cardinals game. I dont care about the damn game. I just want to shop. Ridiculous! !
Carne asada tasted good. Well cooked and marinated. Service is not bad just a little different. You order at counter. Horchata was good. Salsas are average.
Love it, love it, love it!  Favorite spot in Vegas.  Try a Tiffany martini and the beef carpaccio.  Osso busco is my all time fav dinner.
I really like this place and the job they do.  The staff is friendly and very gentle on the likes of us who don't really love pedicures, but desperately need them.  The only complaint I have is they are a little on the expensive side.
I was happy with the \"Walmart\"' in Chandler, AZ because they allowed me to sleep the night there (in my R.V. The Black Pearl) on 12/11/2009.  I did some shopping in there as well.
Even though we had a reservation we were made to wait for a car. If they're going to overbook cars they should offer free upgrades to get people on the road. I'd look elsewhere.
Great rooms and amenities. Restaurant is the worst I've ever seen in a Renaissance. Terrible bartender who thinks extra dry is half vermouth, terrible steak, and soup and crab carabiners was so salty I couldn't eat it. Ambiance is a burgundy Embassy Suites with no free drinks.
Service was awful and sushi was just so so.  I prefer Social House in Crystals.  Won't be back.
Love this place! Me and my buddies always come here on Wednesdays. Service is always on point, food is delicious and decently priced.
Awesome smoked meat. Be ready to pass out after eating this sandwich. The pickle was so juicy, but a little too salty for my liking.
Worst Italian food I have ever eaten. Think Chef Boyardee at ten times the price.
Best raspberry lemonade I've ever had in my life. Loved the grass-fed roast beef sandwich with wisconsin cheese...mmmmmm; yum. I actually wouldn't recommend it on a farmer's market Saturday because it gets too packed for me! But lunch on a weekday is divine.
Underwhelming. Terrible cappuccino, overlooked omelets. Terrible whole wheat bread for toast. For the price, there is much better food here.
They ve sent the money, to a totally different country. Its my fault that i didnt check it, but still, man such a waste of time. Intended to send to chicago Illinois. Instead was sent to Uruguay, weird
Really not my kind of place. entered in from the rear of the bar and fell in love. The music last night was amazing!!! If you like good bluse music and kind of friendly people.
This place is always consistently good.  They obviously have a great beer selection on tap, but the food is also very good.  The jalapeno popper burger is awesome and something I've never seen anywhere else.  Service is always friendly and efficient.\n\nAnd of course, you can get six-packs to go.
Monty's is a Madison favorite.  Breakfast all day.  Fantastic comfort food.  Friendly service.  Veggie options.  While nothing spectacular, it's consistently pretty damn tasty.  Of note: popular breakfast (expect to wait) and the Meatloaf of the Gods.
Pricy for what they offer but has the best lamb shanks in town
The pork egg foo young was fantastic and the service is quick and friendly a must try again.
During our recent visit to Vegas we tried to get tickets same day for the show and were lucky... We had seen him in NYC years ago and loved him then. He is better than ever, a must see. Great family entertainment. He is even on the cutting edge with the use of social media. Again awesome!
Decent food. Better than most Indian restaurants in Vegas. Service is OK. Food isn't oily.
First time in. Carne Asada Tacos were full of flavor and so was the Ahogado Torta. Definitely a repeat place eat at.
21 year old Jeremy: Wooo! Dollar rail drinks! Booze! Yeah! \r\n\r\n26 year old Jeremy: Umm, no.
I used to work here and eat at the back at the same during work! lol SMOKED SALMON PIZZA is this place all about! Most fun work time w/ Shayna marie gano Vergara, Donald Mysz and bestest Manager Cheryl Vergara!
Overall experience is VERY bad.  Use at your own risk!
I Had the \"Big Slab\" take out, IT SUCKED!!! This place has gone downhill fast! Ribs looked like dried jerky on a bone.. I'm not going back!!!!!!
I really enjoy the food and atmosphere. I have always been taken care of here
Really good food. The service was awesome. Our server was the best. The drinks were bomb. Very busy, but worth it.
This has become my new found place to get fajitas.  Service is out of this world. They are always smiling and helpful. Oh and don't forget fast. The food is on a whole different lvl. Its beyond yummy.
I don't get why so many raves for this chain.  It's decent but each dish is way over the top with garlic.  If you ask though they can cut it back for you on some dishes and the lettuce wraps.
Meat toting gauchos! Seriously, If you have not experienced Gauchos bringing you meat on a spit, you have not yet lived as a carnivore! Service has always been great when we've been there, and the food is delish!
Awful...the pork was so dry, no taste, veggies were nothing special, mostly onion and carrots, because they are cheap. The sauce (Thai) was bad, not even sure what it tasted like. Very expensive for what I got. I will never go back. No wonder it was half empty at lunch!
Not bad for a \"berto's\" style.
It's average. I don't think the quality of food here is that much better than some take out places, so for the money I think you're better off elsewhere.  Problem is there's not much good Chinese around South Charlotte. If you go you can expect a nice seating area, good service and okay food.
My favorite burger spot in Charlotte!
Great atmosphere, good food, attentive service! \n\nCame here on a Saturday night at 9pm. The place was only half full or so. The bar area wasn't too crowded so it was easy to get a drink. The food was yummy and we were happy with all of the dishes we ordered.
Service was extremely slow but that is understandable being that it was first Friday. And prices were high and portions small. But the food was very good and I.loved the atmosphere
Stopped at Tammie Coe  going to the airport. Mom and I had raspberry scones -- disappointing , kinda dry and bland.  What a  let down.
Awesome BBQ beef only just $7. So die for it!!!!! Coming coming again and again...believe it not forgettable, something exceptional lies here!!!
This bank yes constantly understaffed. The lines are always long and they don't have enough people working. To make a simple deposit can take 20 to 30 minutes. We are highly considering moving our money to another bank.
Good selection and friendly staff. I appreciate the fact that the employees are fit and have product knowledge. \nI recommend this store.
I got a kalua pork plate and asked for mac salad, got potato salad instead.  I wasn't a fan of the rice either, but the pork made up for everything and hospitality was great.  Ill be back for the loco moco...
Chuck and Ryan, rude, Chuck dropped my bike off the rack. NEVER going back. Mary was nice, I'll take my bikes to somewhere that knows what customer service is
This place is not too bad. Got some good drinks and some unique menu items. Chips and salsa are quite good though. Other than that I have nothing else to say. Nothing really stood out the few times i was there.
Great company  shane is fair honest hands on. I would  highly recommend  him & his company  to every one thx cb
Great place to get lunch.
What can I say besides them being extremely nice, they assisted us right away our waiter was attentive and the food was just the cherry topping to the ice cream definitely am returning even my super picky boyfriend loved it
Another Friday, another blatant miss by our Republic Services Driver.  Drove right past us while we were out in the parking lot.  Called and asked them what the deal was...once again...we'll escalate, call the route manager...etc.
Their large margarita is more like mini margarita. The mole looked and tasted more like super salty gravy. One mole plate, one bean burrito and two small margaritas ended up costing $34.
A very special place to have Chinese tapas. I like the dumplings so much! And I have to say the crispy pancake, tofu soup, Chinese pork sandwich, calzone, lamb noodle are sooooo good and yummy!!!!!
I've been to this location a few times.  I find the staff very friendly and on top of things!  Even the guy changing the trash was friendly!  The place is super clean and orderly, in in the morning at the coffee counter!  Gas prices are always cheaper if you pay cash and less expensive than the place across the street.
If you have been to one outlet mall, you have seen it all. The same stores across the country. Not to mention it is hot as h*** with very limited coverage and NO MISTERS! The prices are also full retail, so do not expect to find a bargain.
Mobs of people trying to find the line and the bouncers or door men 'picking' who gets in the club. Just wasn't worth it refused to wait an hour after being told that the 'wristbands' would secure me something. Yeah,a headache. No thanks!
Food and service are a joke! There is a reason their food is in the freezer isle. In fact the food they serve may have come from  Wal-Mart.
Love this place but was sadly disappointed this morning when I drove away from the drive through excited to savor my mexican mocha only to get a big gulp of pumpkin! Blah! Hopefully I can get back soon to get the right thing.
I am not sure what other shows the reviewers have seen that are raving about this show but they are way off base. This show is decent but a long ways from the best.
Not a bad place.\n\nNot a great place.\n\nPleasant enough service.\n\nFair pricing.
Chicken chimayo yum yum!!\nHuge portions.... Soooo much food.
Went again because it was my friend's birthday and everyone wanted to go here.... Service still sucked, they brought my food out without my coleslaw  and I didn't notice until the runner left the table and never came back to the table to check on us until they brought the check.
Pretty cheap gas. They even have a pay phone & a Chase ATM inside.  Car wash is decently nice on some days but can also be a very long wait time (45 minutes). 35 cent fee when you use a debit/credit card bring cash!
Lots of fun but ridiculously over priced!!!!!
Ate the fried oysters, and some BBQ wings. Oysters were pretty good this far out in the desert. The BBQ Ribs were slightly under cooked and a bit to mushy in my opinion. Not a big fan of taking a bite of poultry and getting a vein stuck in my teeth.
Wasn't a fan of their signature sauces. We had a little bit of everything., the ribs were tender, brisket tasted overstocked. The food was just okay to me. I liked the environment and the hospitality.
This place had the slowest drive-thru I've ever been in! And the people are so rude! I love the smoothie but it took so long just to order.
Loved this place.  The foie gras was lovely and Keiffer was fun! We wll be back for sure. Off the strip old school cool and great French!
I really liked the place itself and the people working there, but I'm gonna have to say that the food is just ok. \n\nI like the jalape\u00f1o hummus appetizer, but everything else was just ok nothing spectacular.
This use to be one of my all time favorite stores! But it has changed soo much. The quality for some shirts or dress and pants is not worth the price. Everything is now like vail material. They use to have quality what happened?
Great spot for coffee or tea in the morning. Very interesting choices. Very nice help. Lots of souvenir items too.
The steaks are so succulent, licks lips. Took my love her for his birthday dinner, well worth every dollar.
The BOMB, arguably the best wings in Phoenix. Jana and Julio have it on lock down.\nThe place is tiny but the food is BOSS. Worth the drive from anywhere in town.
Their Panang is so delicious here!  I could swim in their curry... it is so flavorful whether it's red, yellow, or green curry.  They have many lunch specials to choose from, and the service matches the food-- it's great!
What a surprise.  On the industrial North Side of town.  \n\nGuacamole made table side to taste.  Food was great, service was dialed in.  Price was reasonable.\n\nBeats the heck out of those strip restaurants that shine up for tourists.
I love this Hardee's!  The employees are probably the most friendly of all the fast food places in town.  Yes the service is slow - read their slogan - real beef cooked on a grill by order - nothing is precooked, that's why it tastes better then the other burger joints.
Amazing food done with real care. The French toast is completely out of this world. Easily the best French toast I have ever had. All the ingredients are top quality and they are incredibly friendly.
Great new spot on the Eastside,  finally! \n\nA nice selection of craft beer that's reasonably priced,  great food to munch on and knowledgeable staff.  Definitely a place you will want to come back to!
The staff argues with the customer about bad tasting ice cream. When I asked for a replacement it was an argument an all I wanted was it switched out. I wasn't trying to get anything free.
Great food and experience, glad to have found this place. I love watching their social updates on Facebook too. Would highly recommend for foodies but comfortable enough for everyone.
The atmosphere at Copper is very cool.  It's an old house that has been converted into a restaurant.  The servers are probably not the most friendly, but they keep your drinks filled.  The Tikka Masala (probably spelled wrong) is delicious.
Price - 5 of 5, Ambience - 3 of 5, food 3 of 5. Not many Veg options
Not too bad... The service in the bar area was exceptional, but also we were the only ones in there at the time. Their happy hour prices are pretty good, we enjoyed ourselves.
Such an amazing ambiance! If you're craving sushi in Vegas, this is the place you should go to! Great date spot as well. Romantic & impressive!
Used call ahead seating on a Friday night and glad we did because the placed was busy. That's always a good sign.\nThe food was excellent and we took advantage of the drink specials.\nWe sat on the patio which was nice.\nWe would go again.
I loved happy hour I got an apple martini and a dish for only 12 bucks. The food was great and the service was nice. Our waitress was a little clumsy but she made it up with her attentiveness and her personality. I will go back soon!
LAME, if you want this experience then go to a grocery store meat locker with a bottle of jack, it will be cheaper and more fun.
As a person who does not really use a lot of makeup, I was pretty intimidated by the vibe. I asked one of the workers where I could find a certain product and she came off pretty rude. The worker who checked me out, on the other hand, was very friendly. Just depends on who you talk to there.
Im in the beauty industry and have never had a pedicure that was 15 min. That's just not right. It was rushed and the end product looked like it.
A-OK Starbucks located on Tropicana. The location is open 24 hours which is great. Staff is neutral (not rude but not overwhelmingly friendly). I did notice some peddlers outside the shop though, which is not great.
I love this place!  My fav restaurant in Ahwatukee!  I have been many times and it is always tasty!  Normally I get the burger!  So good!  I have also had breakfast here!  Mmm oh and salads are great!\nService is great and you can sit outside if you would like!
The drive- thru might be the worst.  I've gone through a few times.  The staff is rude and when they short your order your made to feel like it's your fault .
This place was fun! Cool out door seating. Good food, good service, and there are kitties running around outside! Little pricey but oh well!
Excellent menu selection. Soups are a bit salty but that is true anywhere. Fair prices, great selection, best sugar cookie I can find. Love the airport locations, sandwiches are perfect to bring on the plane for an in flight meal.
OH DEAR GOD. Someone please teach the employees here how to better scrub the toilets. I almost lost my appetite after using the women's restroom.\n\nThis Subway has NOT been closed as may have been reported by other Yelpers (I was just there on Friday), but may be it should be.
This will be short and sweet. These folks will dish you out some Japanese food in a hurry... and for cheap.\n\nEven my vegetarian friend found something to eat.
Juan and his team at Snail Motorsports take the time to make sure every job is done right.  We have used them for several projects now and are never disappointed.  Their prices are amazing and the quality is outstanding...And we love the shop dog Lucky!
I like Denny's      But this place is low quality for its high traffic  the food is not all that good   I have seen a few people who are not satisfied with this service this will be one Dennie's I won't come back to
Over 45 minutes sitting on plane with no a/c along with a dozen or more planes in tarmac.  Piss poor customer service, and not even allowed to get up and move around.
Excellent rapport qualit\u00e9 / prix...\nLes + : Situ\u00e9 id\u00e9alement sur le strip\n           Le prix
AS far as libraries go, this one is a keeper.  Beautiful building, great selection, and lots of space to work or read.  I can't complain.
Over priced vodka and gin drinks in martini glasses. I thought for the price you would get a really good martini but they didnt even make it correctly.  A little pretentious but the servers are nice, just too expensive for poorly made cocktails.
Great sandwich place and open 24hrs and a cheap meal :)
It's not worth it! The breakfast is poor, the rooms are small, air condition too noisy, and Internet is slow. In addition, the customer service is not really friendly!! And no covered parking!! No more!
Cafe Bellagio is a wonderful place for food all day. I went around noon and had a great breakfast. The bill for 2 was $48 not including tip. So it is pricey for a breakfast.
New owner has brought back the great ingredients that are very much missed at other places that serve similar food. A great menu with great prices. Hot Dogs, Beef, Fries etc. are some of the best I've ever had!
We just had a wonderful experience at this lakeside french restaurant! Chris our server is outstanding and the food was amazing too! Highly recommend this great place for brunch!
Great spot for a coffee and food. Coffee was fantastic and pastries also very tasty. \nGreat range of bread also available. \nDefinitely worth a visit
Very slow service. Had to ask twice for water. Food was good but very slow.  Server disappeared.
Used to be excellent. Now, too overpriced, commercial, and service isn't that great.
The Stable Grill is now one of my Madison favorites. We tried the smoked trout, cheese curds, fried perch, filet medallions, and the Cross Plains Chicken. All of the food was excellent and affordable. Love the stable feel of the dining room. Great local beer options on tap.
Standard rooms with standard prices.  \n\nPros:\n-easy to find the right elevator to get to your floor (unlike Luxor)\n-The Pools\n-extensive restaurant selection\n-the lions! \n\nCons:\n-not much shopping stores\n-no good clubs
We were on vacation stopped in for St Patrick's day drinks and had a great time. The service was perfect and the volcano nachos were above expectations
This airport can be insane but I seem to always travel on off days so good for me!\n\nDon't be afraid to play the slots here!  I've won $1,000 on a Wheel of Fortune slot before though flying home with all that cash in my pocket did kind of freak me out!
First time here. The beer was great and the food wasn't bad. My waitress was friendly but a bit on the slow side. They have their grand opening on 4/20/13. I'm sure the kinks will be worked out by then.
made my connection without fuss, and had a beer at a place I can't remember the name of, but it was a local brewery I think.  Good beer.
sorry its over rated and overpriced and not fresh sushi, don't waste your time.
Almost impossible to get good service at this location. Definitely hit up the downtown location instead. Also, what's up with the reduced menu? No veg options here, unless you're in the mood for a dry veggie burger.
Our family had an amazing time with Caleb and Hugo! They were very helpful, instructive and patient with our large group. They made sure everyone had an awesome time!
Wow absolutely LOVE this place def recommend. Came while on break and no long wait sat for no more then 5mins. Eye brows were threaded by Gita she is great at what she does and so sweet. This will be my spot from now on:)
Simply delicious!! Amazing does not even begin to describe the food, all of it is hand made with the highest quality and expertise!! Highly recommend!! Please stop by and enjoy the Italian family atmosphere!
Great staff, judgement free environment! Treated me like a rock star!! I would eat here everyday if I could.  Food is worth every penny.
what a terrible place, and it is a shame because trapeze is so much fun but gets ruined by the douchebagery of the owner.
Dr. Wood is awesome and his staff is great too.
I love this place! They sure know about tires. Great staff. VASSIE is the greatest! go see him if you have any questions. He's very knowledable and extremely friendly. I won't take my car anywhere else!!  Reasonable prices also!!
Food is very good. Spider hand roll is huge and tastes great.\nService is fair.\nMusic a little loud but interesting.\nSeating is weird, get a booth on the bar side of the restaurant or you legs will dangle in space.
I hosted a business lunch and all my guests and I left half-eaten food. I eat in many Mexican eateries in Greater Phoenix, and i cannot recall anything as bad as this The chicken was hard, dry and tasteless, and one of my guests had pieces of undercooked chicken.\nVery disappointing.
This is my daughter's favorite restaurant.   The owner is very nice and always visits our table and takes a personal interest in our lives.  The Sushi is always fresh and delicious!
Great food for a fast food joint.\nDO not go late at night because they close down their salsa bar early.
The tinga chicken torta left little to be desired. No flavor and barely any chicken on the torta. Bummer. However, the queso was fantastic!
Overpriced.  The food is decent, but when you consider that you're paying $20 (or more) for every mediocre entree, it makes the food that much less enjoyable.
Credit where credit is due...  this Chipotle has really stepped up their game.  They're now consistently on-par with other locations.
Dan is awesome!  He tinted my Panamera and did a great job. Affordable and great work!
There are never enough cashiers at the Osborn location. Please start staffing more or cross-training better.
This is not Whole Foods! This is Fresh and Easy, which has creepy gmo and processed mainstream foods everywhere.
Ugh; slow service (and they were DEAD); rare burger (ordered medium well); cold fries; and 3 out of 4 of our orders were messed up...the band was good but food and service were awful; if you want to open a restaurant; this place will be available in 6 months.
Love this place! Their NY-style pizza is always floppy and chewy and delicious. Their Garden salad is generous. Their Turkey sub is also pretty good, but there seems to be quite a wait for it. But the rest is pretty quick!
The food tasted really good, the time to make it, however, took a while.
Where can you get 20 dolla porridge and wish you were eating all you can eat king crab at Caesars??  \n\nhere.  :(  \n\nwhat was I thinking?
Had the cold pig ears, pork noodle dish, and pan fried dumplings.  Meh, it was okay but not worth going back.
i tried the philly original and it was just okay.  all i tasted was salt.  i ordered fries too and those were covered in salt too.\n\nin my opinion it seemed pricey for the quality of food.\n\nthe service seemed good and exciting.
I went there on Thanksgiving with a singles group. Nice atmosphere and an excellent server, but the meal was nasty. I wasn't even going to touch the yams! Apple pie was crusty and hard..no desire to finish it. We really enjoyed the rocking chairs though!
Best Mexican food around the area!! Great service and amazing food. Clean and clean bathrooms as well. They have some of the best shredded beef tacos I've ever had. Everytime I've gone I get exceptional service an amazing food. I go every time I'm craving Mexican food!!
Lindsey is Gino & Zina's Groomer, she is EXCELLENT & they Love her!!
I live within walking distance to Ed's and I haven't been there too often; however, I have become a sucker for their wings.  I love their Blackened Parm. wings.  Such a great flavor and their ranch dressing is just yummy!  Whenever I'm craving wings, I head to Ed's!
Over-sized servings makes for a great tasting way to share a breakfast with my wife.
Came here for lunch and the staff were chatting and then rushed us and we were the only ones in line. The food was not that great and our cookies were hard and tossed in a bag.  The experience here was not great and I will not come here again.
Ludo's out.
Love this place. One thing to mention is is you go with a group of friends is great to share if you are into that. Crepes are big and quite filling, so i always like to share so i can try a few other types :)
I've been here only once and really enjoyed this place.  I shared the baby back ribs and rib stew with my friends.  We were all moaning anf groaning from the savory goodness.  This is really awesome comfort food.  Also, they have some of my favorite wines on their list.  Just what I need after a long day!
Not happy with the tamalies  Out of the micro and just not good Fairly broad menu.  May try them again.
great Mexican food at great price .. there are lots of Robertos in town this one is the best
Food was good, drinks were reasonable, but last night  the Whiskey Tango band was terrible.
Great teachers but the lady in the front doesn't have a friendly attitude! They need better customer service if they expect people to stick around.
Lovely place to sit and have quiet time. They have a great area for children and helpful staff. They also have a Starbucks with some lunch options. They will serve you on glass plates and warm up your pastries
Very nice place with authentic Mediterranean food.  The food is served on real plates (not in plastics baskets or paper plates) and I think that's a nice touch and better for the environment.\n\nThe owners are very charming and will offer samples if you are unsure about what to order.
This store has been bought out by the people who own Bombay restaurant, and is primarily an Indian grocery now. I really miss Euro Mart.
I brought a client here from out of town.  Not only was the restaurant filthy, the food was just ok and the service was horrible. I was very embarrassed!  Never again!
The food was decent.  The meat products are soo fatty. Your gonna have to run a marathon after eating here. The price is also fair not to outrageous.  Grade C.
I was recommended to come here by a coworker. the place was great I got a pedi and a polish change . They had great customer service asked if i liked something to drink right when I walked in . And they did a great job on my nails very happy!!!
I can't stop eating here.  I've gone 4 times this past week alone!
They have great service here and everyone is so friendly.  I had the chicken souvlaki over rice pilaf and greek salad it was delicious.  Hubby had pork chops mashed potatoes mixed vegetables and a salad. We both walk away full and happy
Great bar. Not too many people on Sunday or Monday night for football. Yummy food. (Their boneless wings and BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger are to die for!) The bartender was really friendly and made fantastic drinks.
People standing around but can't make a sandwich. then you order a number and they have it half made with mayo by the time you say...\"no Mayo\" \n\nReally have to watch and check what they make. Better quality than Subway but they just don't know how to provide customer service.
I ordered a thin crust for carry-out one evening.  The place was somewhat hidden in an industrial area close to Tempe Marketplace.  The staff was very friendly and it seemed like a laid-back, cozy place to eat a meal.\n\nI enjoyed my pizza.  The sauce tasted very sweet so be prepared for that.
I have had a few negative experiences here that I'd rather not say. If you are planning to visit the hospital expect to wait, it is like going to the DMV it is more quanity then quality healthcare.
The food was ok, i've gotten better breakfast burritos from other places, however i just love the ambience in this place. So nice to eat breakfast and sip coffee outside on the patio. Last time i was here, all the rose bushes were in full bloom.
Been to this place 7 times a must go for everyone at least once why in vegas the 16oz steak is the best I have ever had .
Great shooting range for the price. The rangers are very helpful, ammo is a little pricey but more positives than negatives.
The hotel was okay.   My husband and I stayed there on 4th of July 2007.   The room was clean.
Solid for pizza and wings.  CHEAP pitchers of beer(including Amber bock) Dependable for getting takeout orders right.  Eat in clean but pizza parlor-ish.  TV's always on for sports. Staff is friendly, beer is cold, pizza yummy.
I had been having a hard time finding a place that does good pedi's and I found it.  The quality of the products are superb and the service amazing.  Tiffany really did a great job.  I would recommend to any one.\n\nAnother thing I liked was a price list up front.
Grease, grease, and more grease. Everything is covered in gravy. The spam and eggs made me sick. Just gross.
I came and ordered their pistachio macaroon, velvet cupcake and chocolate mousse cupcake, all of which were simply too sweet. Being sweet is not necessarily a problem, but ither than that, there was nothing else. Was quite disappointed. However, their customer service wad pretty good, hence the two stars.
I can't wait to go back!
Loud colors. Sugary drinks. Average food.  Meh
I'm not a fan of their food, but I sure do love their custard ice cream!
I am an open minded person- ate hear recently twice- buffett.\nFood was really good- nice spices etc.\nI recommend now for lunch.
Delicious! The only downer is the price relative to the size of your meal. Too little food for what you pay.
Such a cute place!  A little off the beaten path, but don't be fooled: the locals obviously know and love this quaint bakery/ cafe--the place was hoppin!  The quiche is amazing!
Even though I do not eat Asian foods often this authentic bowl was easy to judge. I loved every aspect of the Tokyo beef traditional bowl. The portion was huge and the taste was excellent. I will come back again if I get a chance.
sorry i missed 4th of July here!
Pastor tacos! Amazing!  Amazing authentic mexican food and great service as well.  The tacos are only $1.50, I was stuffed after 4 but I ate 6 cause they were so dang good!
The food is bland and the beer is to warm. Go to VBGBs instead!
Good breakfast.\nBetter than Denny's.\nService is always nice.
I wanted to like this place because it's close to my house and the owner was nice but my tan was really streaky the next day.
Never going back when I visit Vegas. They take your money then find a reason to kick you out because of capacity. Beware!
Amazing food! Great prices! Love this place!
Fried apple dessert is amazing!! Love the free Wi-Fi and power outlets in every booth & parking is convenient :)\n\nI will def be back to try out the vegan carrot pancakes!
Not really a big fan of Chili's. Their food lacks flavor, and it seems so hard to get a beer from the bar without having to stand there forever. the waitress was nice, but it took forever to get our food and bill. It wasnt the worst, but I guess I expected better.
Good price. Nice dining room. Great variety of food. We went right as breakfast was ending so we had the chance to try both breakfast and lunch. Best things to try are the bacon, omelettes, and ice cream :)
great sushi. Fresh fish. Their toro was particularly good. Did not like their hanabi. Everything else tasted amazing.
I love Matts and feel everything about this place is IMPECCABLE. But unfortunately the small capacity seating and over an hour waiting in line ALWAYS turns me away.  Id be around more often if I wasn't wasting my weekends sitting on a hot bench.
Donuts like they should be. My kids and I really like the strawberry frosted donuts but they're all good. Too good. I'm glad they're far from me so I can't go often, lol.
This location is the closest store to me now that the one in the Chandler mall closed. It is ok, I guess. The one in the Tempe Marketplace seems to get more merchandise and is better staffed (I guess because its bigger).
Ein ganz hei\u00dfer Tip von mir: Der \" Hahn in Rotwein\" ist absolut k\u00f6stlich.
Very quaint and cute.  Great place to get brunch on a Sunday.  The food was amazing, the pumpkin pancakes were the best pancakes I've ever had, seriously.
This is the only place I go when I need greeting cards. The store has a wonderful assortment of gifts and seasonal items. The women who work there treat you like family.
Not bad. More of a bar than a cafe, buy its chill on a quiet day. Looks like they do a lot of local music events. Gotta get to one of those, if they ever have reggae artists in this town.
i live backyard tacos. their carne asada is the tits.. probably the best carne asada ive had in arizona.
Worht seeking out for sure.\nEggs benedicts if really good.\nService is fast and friendy.\nMake the drive from the stip you wont be sorry.
Stopped in for breakfast on a Tuesday. Regina the owner greeted us with a smile. I ordered chicken and waffles and my buddy had biscuits and gravy. They were both awesome. Regina's partner chatted with us about college football for a while. I would def go back. Food was great and the atmosphere was excellent.
Big portion and great service. Really like the fettuccine pasta and the Italian chocolate puffs (profiteroles). Refillable coffee (I think I had three haha) helps me finally wake up. The ambivalence is great as well. :)
Bottom line.. Quite possibility the best tacos in Las Vegas.\nHowever if your from Los Angeles, and visit Taco trucks, you might just be disappointed.  \n2 dollars a Taco is kinda expensive.  This is their main flaw and why I don't visit this place that offen.
We were looking for a late dinner on a Saturday and discovered this little gem..open until 12:30am..AYCE $25.  Excellent service.  Nice decor.  The food is delicious and well presented.  This is our new go-to for sure!  Easy parking, tucked away in a corner strip mall.
WOW!!!!! Best restaurant I've ever been to. Bar none. I judge all other tasting menus to L'Atelier. When in Vegas it's a must.
Chicken panini was delicious. Stuffed mushroom appetizers were fantastic! Great atmosphere inside or out. Had lunch on the adorable quaint patio. What a retreat from the hussle and bustle.
Best All u can eat in town!!  Food was all fresh. One thing I was kinda disappointed was server kinda limit us how much to order at once...  It's All U Can Eat, as long as we finish and don't waste food, we should be able to order as much as we want.
Delicious potstickers! Green curry and spicy basil are amazing!! Service is quick and friendly! Best Thai food in Mesa!!
Great food. Come to North Phx Ill eat their everyday!
Super cute decor, a lot of thought and effort was put into this place.  Love it.  It was nice and quiet with a friendly staff.  I had a pleasant experience, much better than the typical nail shop where everyone is yelling across you.
Good stuff, been coming for years. Glad its getting so much hype they deserve to make some money. Do yourselves a favor and dont expect a religious experience or you will be disappointed. Its simple food made fresh on site and very good.
Excellent independent coffee shop.  Hometown feel with NoDa culture.  Staff is friendly and the locals are interesting.  Good place to relax or have laid back business meeting.  Free Wifi and rocking chairs don't hurt either.
Great pizza!\nAnd they even have whole wheat options for the more fussy eaters like myself, which is rare.
I stopped by for lunch. The sushi Leo prepared was excellent, and Jeremy was a very friendly, excellent server. I would definitely recommend this location.
DO NOT SIT AT THE BAR!! The bartender was a total jerk and made it very clear that he didn't want to help us. The sad thing is that the food was good and when we relocated to the back of the restaurant or experience improved and our waiter was much nicer and helpful.
Bomb dot com.   Every time I visit Vegas and I'm craving sushi this is the place!   The food quality is superb and the Uni!  Amaze balls!   Sweet shrimp and shrimp head even better!   Never disappoints and the dessert green tea ice cream and  mochi seals the deal
I went to see Stacey to see if she could loosen up a very tight shoulder.  After a couple of stretching and massage treatments my shoulder was back to normal.  I highly recommend Stacey as she understands how the body functions and how to get you back on track.
AZ 88 was a great experience all around. It's a fun, hip and hopping place. They have an excellent bar selection, and although all I can only personally speak for is the to-die-for burgundy burger, there were four us and everyone was raving about their meals.
If you are drunk on a late night and want greasy mexican food, this is the place to go!!! food is fast and fatty. Large variety of food and drinks. You can sit inside, and get a taxi when you done. \n\nFast, cheap, and good, can't go wrong!
Ugh the rudest cashier never spoke a word not even a hello she thru my stuff into the bags and just stuffed it with anything and everything. Ruth your a rude person
Amazing breakfast place!  Everything is always so fresh and tastes great!  TINY place and usually has a wait but it is well worth it.  The wait usually isn't too long either.  I would have to say one of the best breakfast joints I've found in the valley in 9 years living here!
Awesome! Great food. Very flavorful. The menu is small....that's a good thing. We had breakfast there on a trip to Vegas. From the coffee to shrimp and grits. You can't go wrong. \"Eat\" here!
Worst customer service ever! Looked at me like I was stupid, and totally ignored me when I asked a question!
Such a sweet spot! Came in for lunch and a top notch hazelnut latte and yummy crepes, absolutely will be coming back and can't wait to try the rest of their menu!
The French fries, rice and beans are good. That's about it. The chicken was bland and over-cooked. I got the enchiladas thinking that was a safe but I only ended up eating my rice and beans. Sorry.
Extremely busy restaurant. They move you quickly so dont let that deter you. The food is very good. Great price point and large portions. This is not a fancy place but the service is great and the wait staff very friendly.
They charged extra for white rice??? ridiculous!!!
This is a pretty crowded location, but food is always good and fresh. I like the burrito bowls with fajitas, the fajitas are always so fresh and tasty. Like all Chipotles it is too loud to eat inside.
Food was great. Best prime rib I have ever had. Looking at my credit card I was billed $15 over what I signed. Called the GM Jaison Sokolow he said sorry and will give me the $15 back because of the error. I'll never go back.
You don't have to have an appointment but should!   Wait can be long.  I have to have routine bloodwork and this is probably my least favorite location.  All the employees seem bored or unhappy.  I try hard to engage people and be pleasant but it's even harder here.  Why be miserable at your job when you don't have to?
Come for the coffee, stay (or come back) for the excellent fresh soup, sandwiches and smoothies!  Would be 5 stars if the service was more consistent.
The food and service here was great...Belle was nice in making sure everything was more than satisfactory.  I really enjoyed this new Korean restaurant, and can't wait to get back.  I've already let several friends know to make their way over there.
The worst check in ever!!!!!!!!! We waited for 2 hours!!!! And also a long walk to the strip!
It was the same good service. nothing really speacial its just another Chillies.
Sorry Nandos hideaway but the food was not great at all. No flavor , pricey , not even eye appealing. The only tasty thing was the Ranchero sauce.
My doctor is Jessica Kaiser - she's one hell of a lady.  They have a new online system that you can make appointments and ask for refills with, which is very convenient.\n\nI think she's the greatest MD I've ever had :)
This place is alright..  I don't know why I suggested coming here! haha my porkchop with rice was pretty good but I've had better. I didn't try the pho but my friend didn't eat all of hers so I'm assuming it sucked. Overall, mediocre.
Good quick food most of the time but avoid this place on the weekends staff is slow and take forever to clean and get you your food
Great lunch spot. To repeat other reviews, the service is fast; probably the quickest I have ever experienced. As with most other locations I have visited, the staff is genuine and friendly.
Great atmosphere and food! Excellent apple walnut salad chicken pot pie.  This is our first time and we'll definitely come back again!
Our service was fair, the food was fair but a bit expensive.
I thought I was addicted to Sushi Mon\n\nI cheated and went here because it is closer to my apartment.\n\nAddict.\nSo good. \n\nThat is all.
This is yet by far the best fast Chinese food place I've been to in Las Vegas. Their chow mein is so good! And you get a lot for the price.
I've tried 3 separate times to eat here and it's always closed. Is this place out of business?
Went there last night with my girlfriends. We sat at the bar and ordered drinks and \nappetizers, the food was good, but the service was horrible. We will not be going back to this bar again.  Very slow service, drinks and food orders messed up and bad attitude from bartenders.
Either my English muffin sandwich sat under a hot lamp all morning OR Burger King's kitchen staff just decided to deep fry the whole damn thing.  If that's not enough, the sausage smelled of animal decay.\n\nJust awful.
They do have lots of flavors to chose from, but the prices are extremely high for ice cream. I was expecting to be wowed with the prices and I wasn't.
Having the breakfast special. which come with two eggs, pancakes or toast, potatoes or has brown, and link sausage or turkey patty for $4.99 Not bad for a deal that's a lot of food!
Oh Pin Kaow, how I love thee.\n\nThe BEST Thai restaurant in Las Vegas period. Everything on the menu from appetizers, to the curry to the Thai iced tea are perfection. They know their Thai food here. Love the decor. This place is great for groups!
I have been here a few times for the hot coffee.  They have organic beans and brew it while you wait.  I have been trying a different selection of beans each visit--hoping to find a favorite.  You can text them your order if you are in a hurry and pick it up in the drive thru.
It's your basic Chili's.  We came during happy hour and had some good food and cold beer.
Ruined my weekend in Vegas!!! messed up my cut. so simple how hard is a taper fade with a 4 on top. Old man gave me a 1 all around with a 4. So pissed. 17 bucks is a damn rip off... Nice people, but don't deserve there barbers license
i have been to this place twice and have tried breakfast both times. \nmade my own omelet and loved it. their dried tomato is to die for. it gives an amazing tangy taste to your omelet. \ni was staying at the Aria and had to come back just for the omelet with the dried tomatoes.
Absolutely love pizza rock! Amazing food! The staff is awesome. Ricky is a great manager and knows how to treat his customers!
Not my fave but id go back.
It was definitely one of the best pizza i ever had! they didn't have a big selection but what they have is great. I really liked their white pizza. the dough is amazing! the cheese is great. i definitely recommend it!
You must order Brisket benedict!! Always makes us happy after a good tasting meal.  Their brunch menu Lobster corndog was amazingly soft and moist. This place never disappoints us. Their coffee was even good. Will definitely be back again next time we r in Vegas.
My favorite place that I ate in the Mandalay Bay!  Had the ceviche duo (YUM) and tried the veggie quesadilla (just ok).  Service was ok, and the watermelon lemonade blew me out of the water - best lemonade ever!
Lights out, huge pigeon problem, lots of break-ins, a lot of gang activity, forced to pay for cable whether or not you want or use it.
Sehr netter Biergarten mitten in Karlsruhe: Sehr aufmerksames Personal, lockere Atmosph\u00e4re!\nLeckere Flammkuchen, leckeres Bier :)
Great selection of vegan, vegetarian, raw milk, prepared foods, bakery, cheeses and aged beef. Very expensive, trader Joe's and Market district come to mind as a cheaper alternative. Parking at this particular store is a nightmare.
Ate here a few years ago, back when I lived in Chandler.  The only thing I recall raving about were the rolls!  Oohhhhh...  Now, if only TR served sweet potato fries, I'd be racing my way there for a good carb-loading!
Very personable staff. It's a smaller nail salon, but nice and clean. Polo, as well as other staff very polite!
Great prices!! They really are nice and professional! Very clean! Would recommend this place to anyone and will return!! Also the owner Sara was very nice and gave me water!
Thanks for coming to our event!  Great food, great service..,what a great time.  Rainbow company thanks you and we will have you back....soon!
Very good...especially for north Las Vegas...Been there many times...Help seems professional!
Not much to say about this mediocre buffet except that it came with my room so the price was right.  Plenty of food but some was inedible.  Didn't get sick though, that's a plus!
After reading the reviews I was really disappointed with this restaurant. The soft tacos were greasy and the hard shell tacos were nasty. Will not visit again.
Heard a lot of good things about this place, and that's why \ni went ......WOW the place is small and smelly !!! never going back again
Great service, great price, great work and a quick response time. What else can you ask for? I highly recommend Chavez LawnCare.
WAAAAAY to packed, not worth the TWO HOUR wait. Inside is nice as well as the outside area...but bottom line...unless you have bottle service, or are too drunk to care about the massive amount of people....dont waste your time!
A little pricy but the scenery is better than the competitor..... No military discount boo hoo
I love chipotle. I think it has fresh and delicious options. I was turned off for a while because my usual chipotle on Thunderbird gave me a salad with a giant green bug crawling in it. I finally wanted it again and went to this one. They were nice and the food was great. My usual chipotle experience.
finally i got my hands on a m249. awesome sales floor, fully stocked and everything a gun nut could ask for.
The service is really great and the food is tasty.  I wouldn't give them the full 5 stars because the burritos are a little dry.  However - they do know how to make a fish taco and the fish they use is delicious!
Super good (and cheap) burritos. Quick fast service at lunch time (but depending on the day of the week there can be a long line). The food is really fresh and always consistant. One of my favorite lunch time spots.
They are wonderful!
All I need to say is...this place is definitely going to be on my \"to-do list\" every time I\n come to Vegas. THEBOMB.COM !
Yummy donuts. Has a drive thru for fast service. Every time I stop mid day, all the popular donuts are gone already.
I have been here two times, and this last time will be my last! Worst service ever, waited for 8 minutes before I left because my order had not been taken and I was the only one waiting to order.
I love this place. Sitting in the airport and just grabbed a pretzel and some iced tea....perfect.
Cute nightclub off the strip with and friendly staff. I would definitely go and check it out again!
Pour une petite bouffe mexicaine rapide et pas trop cher! Quelques produits sans gluten et plusieurs cocktails assez particuliers qui ne manquent pas d'acool!
So many things! They have my favorite...MACAROONS!!!
After my experience at Del Taco next door (see Del Taco review) this place was very nice. Everything was the way you would expect it to be.
Drais has the Best view of the Las Vegas strip. Definitely a venue to check out when visiting Las Vegas! Great music and good looking people!
Good price... Nice job... but A LONG WAIT...about 45 mins....I will Find a place that values time
It's just a nice, well-lit neighborhood grocer with friendly employees. I'm not sure why there's hate for the place. I had no problems with it.
We had a great stay here. The staff could not have been more helpful.\n\nGave us a great suggestion for pizza across the street....loved the pool...quiet, comfortable, and very reasonably priced.\n\nNice spot for a quick stay in Henderson.
CLOSED!!! Bummers! After not being able to come here for a couple of months stopped by today only to discover that they're no longer in business. This place used to be a weekend treat for my family an I. Now where do we get out dessert fix on?
Been here multiple times. Had bad service, small portions and messed up orders multiple times. They forgot to put salsa in my last pickup order. Seriously? How do you forget that? Last time I go here. Lesson learned. This Chipotle sucks.
Just so so
Ordered take-out lamb sandwich (forgot the name). Tasty,
If your looking for the real deal Mexican food go to SeniorTaco.  If your looking for a place to eat late night go to SeniorTaco.  There's a reason these guys have been open since 1974.  Everything I get is good so I won't recommend anything in particular.
Brian is a great and knowledgeable installer. He fit me in on my schedule, and had the best customer service I've had in a long time. Great prices also.
Worth a look, but don't expect much. There really is not much to it compared to U of Wisconsin or North Carolina.
It was so good love the pizza
Bouncers are assholes working with the cops to generate revenue.  Be careful if you go here.
Great place to get a used bike!
I can't say enough about how cool the staging is!  It is totally amazing!  This is the first Cirque that truly had a story from beginning to end.  The only negative that I could provide is that some acts maybe went too long.
This place is quality.  More later.\n--------------------------------------------
If you are not friends  of the bar.srvice is a joke. Don't waste your time, Better service serving the same. Is close by  try silky's. Food is non existent and little consideration of customers.   Save your money and certainly your time
Very sad to say that the bar was sold to a slot parlor & will be closing before New Years. The staff was good & so was the food. To many stupid slot parlors in this town now!
Thank you to the staff at Haven who accepted my dog for cremation service preparation. He was never a patient, but they accepted him anyway and I trust they respectfully cleaned him and made the proper preparations for his cremation. They were easy to get a hold of and very kind at my time of need. Thank you!
Food was decent but the customer service was really bad.  Never saw a wait and bar staff so lacking in personality and unwillingness to smile and be pleasant.  It was bizarre.
Im rating this establishment 4 stars for a Starbucks and that's it. Its spacious, has a convenient location, and friendly staff. As for the coffee... its a starbucks.
It is good it is not bad but the second time they put a lot of teriyaki sauce. And to me when i was done i felt to mush salt. So you should but a little less teriyaki sause. Love the food but to mush sauce.
The service really needs to improve , i don't think they understand the true meaning of great customer service. I don't understand why they ask for ID on Thursday nights. Is it me or is just on nights where African Americans come in packs this practice is done.
Great wings..menu looks delicious ..looking forward to trying the cuban sandwich on the way back through here..friendly and helpful bartender
This hotel is amazing and is highly recommended. Euro aesthetic w. a Parisian flair. True definition of a boutique hotel.
Awesome Acai smoothie is the best. It's like a meal in a cup and it's healthy.
Food was great! Menu and beer selection is also great. We showed up on a Sunday night with 9 of us, placed was packed, but they still made room for us and provided good service and good food!
The guy that helped me was very nice. However for $7 I expect more out of my sandwich. I had the tuna salad, which wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. Honestly I could get a better, less expensive sub at sub station two or Harris teeter.
Can't do a PHX trip without stopping here.  The hardest part is trying to decide what to get.  Always delicious, never disappointing!
A good place for a quick lunch. While the bad thing is that it is not always quick enough.
Great meal. Started with the \"garbage Caesar \" loaded with shrimp. House specialty Osso Bucco perfect, loaded with marrow. Freddie is a great host. Try his special post dinner shot!
Great food but it's way too expensive - 2 double burger meals with shakes shouldn't be almost $30.
Nice place for the family to discover the wonders of the sea. An hour is about the time you need to get around the place.
Only korean place we'll go in town! Our favs include seafood pancake, bugolgi, seafood tofu soup.
Worst service ever!!! The manager David is not only useless and annoying but treats his employees like worthless dirt in front of customers. Will never eat at this location again if he is working!
Best people watching place on the strip. Consistently good to VERY good food. Service is always unpretentiousbut more than adequate. Good food good service nice atmosphere equals great place... enjoy.
It was just okay. Service pretty non existent. No one even greeted me. The clothes were not my style. I found some cute tights, but paid full price. :( I love a good deal, so if I'm back I'll check it out.
Poor management and bad bartenders. Place is a joke. 30 year old carpeting. Save your time and money. Smells like vomit and get this...they charged the designated driver for a cranberry juice (4.00). Pathetic!
A really good burger for a chain in a mall's food court... They really do a burger justice here and they cook it to order while you watch. I like their fries too...
your average jollibee with a thousand filipinos in it. the cashier person was rude.. i should of told the manager.
Cute little coffee shop/wine bar in Central Phoenix!  Friendly staff and tasty treats.  I enjoyed my raspberry Italian soda yesterday...perfectly mixed with just the right amount of syrup, soda and cream.
Had their red velvet cupcakes (the ones from LGO, not from the cake shop), and they're amazing!!! I had to bring some home back to CA with me. Really wanted to eat here too but the place was pretty packed Sunday morning. Will have to come back and try their food next time.
Excellent therapy.  Good price.  People with great hands.
Update:  This place is horrible now.  New owners = not worth the effort.  It's not anywhere near the quality it used to be.  I'm surprised it's still open.
$38 for 2 large cheese pizzas and 20 wings. In New York they don't even charge that much.
The service was terrible but the food was good. The guy who waited on us was not very nice. He seemed as if he didn't want us to eat there but we did anyway! :-) I probably won't eat there again. Oh well...
Cupcakes are dry and SO dense they weigh about 4lbs each!! The only thing good about this place is the Las Vegas style wheel you get to spin when you make a purchase!! Thank God I won a Coke Zero so it made me feel less suicidal about spending $3.50 on this awful cupcake!!!!!
I got food poisoning from the chicken pad see ewe last time I was here . Ruined me for Thai food for god knows how long. On a brighter note, the herbal salad is epic!
Great Panang curry! I wish they had lunch specials, though :-(
Alex has been trimming my trees for years working for the other guys. I have been telling him for years that he needs to go out on his own, now that he has I'm an All Star customer. I do and will recommend his work to anyone!\n\nKen Gilbert Arizona
The repairmen was lacking in experience. I had to point out a couple things that were unacceptable to me,that he would have let slide if I had not been standing there. When he was putting the unit back into place. They did respond quickly to my call
This store is really cute looking! They have good items but stuff is way overpriced! Some of the items don't even cost what they are charging new! If you are looking for great stuff at good prices skip this store!
Santa Fe skillet was really good!  The other person I was with had the Protein Pancake with blueberries and said it was really good too
Good mexican food (not great) but a place you can get away from the tourists (which I like when going on business).  \n\nService is good, and margs are quite tasty as well.
When dealing with Justin and his team on plumbing issues, they are always straight forward and fair.  Not only does Service plus answer questions over the phone about plumbing issues in Las Vegas, they are prompt and have fair prices.  I would recommend Service Plus to family members!
Pretty much what I expected from a chain restaurant.  Came here with my inlaws.  The potato soup was good.  The sliders were pretty good.  The service was good.  Nothing really special, but quite satisfactory.
Professional, Knowledgeable, and truly cared about my tree.  Showed up same day for estimate and walked through ideas to improve the look, layout, and overall health of our large tree.  Could not be happier with the outcome!  A++++ Job and Crew!
I love this place,  always a good crowd of people, and good price.  I always get a fresh Thai coconut, the spring rolls, and some pho.  I often bring friends and they love it. \n\nI'd go more often if it were closer.
Love their all beef hot dogs, and it's so easy to sneak in there to eat with no membership!  Thanks, Costco.
Our previous carpet cleaning service pulled a \"no call, no show\" so I immediately called Mr Clean Carpet Cleaning and they were available for immediate cleaning. Ultimately, I was unable to book due to complications with the apartment. But I was grateful for the help and accommodation.
JC does amazing work. I have gone to other stylists before and their work just pales in comparison. I have never walked away dissatisfied. She is a very kind and genuine person as well and that is important to me.
After my horrendous experience at the Henderson Carmax, it turned out to be another poorly operated superstore. After scheduling a test drive for an Impreza and a Mazda, and a wait for an hour; both cars had dead batteries and did not start. The next possible appointment they offered was in 3 days.
They are certainly proud of their food..  Prices too high for what you get.
Ugh, Raised prices unreasonably and Quality has deteriorated. $19 for Soft Shell Crabs which were tiny, overcooked, and foul tasting.  It's too bad; was a good neighborhood choice. No more, I fear.
This place had the best tacos I had on my whole trip in the US. It is a great little place with enough seating options and the service is fast. \nIf you are in Las Vegas and look for something off strip then I would recommend this place.
This place is highly underrated. Only location in LV. The service is consistently good and for people watching I give it an A++. \nHave a  free meal in your b-day or if you're holiday shopping and need a cool drink have a \"Cadillac\" margarita.
The coaches are awesome, and the members are even better.. If you want to live your life to the fullest.. do CROSSFIT
Ordered a pizza online at 7:12. Called at 9:00 to see what the status was. Was put on hold for 15 minutes. Delivery driver finally came at 9:20. So much for the 61-71 minute wait. This is the second time this has happened to me.
Food was decent, and the service was good.  Smell of smoke from the casino was apparent, and some of the entree prices were ridiculous.  That being said, you can get a decent noodle or rice dish for about $18.  Decor was interesting, but all things considered this was just a three star joint.
Perfect meal! Fresh ingredients, extremely nice staff, cool atmosphere, fair prices. Well worth the trip off the Strip. Hidden gem!
Everything here is just ... average.
Good choice for brunch, especially sitting at the patio. Love the Egg Norwegian. The trio Creme Br\u00fbl\u00e9e after is perfect and cute.
quite a nice bar/restaurant! prices are ok and the taste of the food is simple but good. the ambience in the inside is what it makes it more comfortable to hang out and have a drink or two!
Typical bar food nothing special. The bar is small and have been there a handful of times and the bar service is so lousy.   I have never had a fun time because of the service and always think twice before going back.
Update - The zip-line was a lot of fun! It was half priced for their winter rates on Jan 4th - $10 a ride.
This place is always very busy at lunch time and I dont understand. They serve high priced super lame cafeteria food. This falls just below fussali for the worst dining option at park central.
Great customer service and enthusiastic workers. They were excited to describe EVERYTHING in detail. On the smaller side but great variety of corals.
I really enjoy Dunkin and I was craving it at 7:31pm I had low expectations going in the drive thru but I had a really fresh coffee!  I wanted less ice but it was very good. I really appreciate even though it was near closing time the coffee had not been sitting around. I HATE that.
Food was ok. Air conditioning not strong.  Our dinner guest was a roach crawling on the chair next to me. Felt like being in Mexico.
Wonderful cinema. Most comfortable seats in a theatre in my experience, and best of all you can enjoy your film with a beer, glass of wine, or cocktail. 5/5.
My breakfast was cold.  The sausage links seemed that they had been cooked the day before.  My husbands breakfast was mediocre.  The potatoes are bland.\n\nSave your money.
Love this place since they opened, but I will say they are giving smaller portions of food than they used to. Also, the salsa fresca isn't so fresca (fresh) as it used to be. But one of the best chicken chimichangas out there!
Decent (if over priced) Mexican food, but the absolute worst service of any restaurant I've eaten at in my 8 years in Las Vegas... Bar none.
Solid Mexican food at a reasonable price.  I had chicken enchiladas and they came with a ton of rice and beans.  Quick refills on the chips and salsa.  The service at the bar was good and I need to get back to this place more often when I'm in Old Town.
Very reasonably priced and friendly! I just love this place!\n\nThey are great at tailoring and are very accommodating.
This is a good place to grab a quick slice after making the old town bar rounds. I don't think I'd ever go out of my way to eat here, but it sure hits the spot when you've got a good buzz - location, location, location.
If you love some live punk/rock and roll and drinking the house drink, Ass Juice, this is your place. \n\nAlso try the Bacon Martini. Great place that has more personality than any contrived Vegas nonsense.
Get to the movies early to get a good seat.
We went here after golfing and all of us though this place was great. We're from Phoenix and only wish this place was closer. Service was very accommodating and attentive and the food was fresh, hot and very delicious. Prices were right too! The next time were in the area, we would return for sure.
Good service.  Lousy and expensive food.  Wife had Ahi salad, which was the size of an appetizer.  Burger was OK, but fries were limp and soggy.  Sent them back for cole slaw.  Two beers.  Bill $38. Should have gone to Yard House!
it was sexy.  it was funny.  it was a good time.
This is the third camp bow wow location we have used and we have loved them all! This location is new and has brand new equipment.  The staff were very friendly and helpful and our dog comes back exhausted! We love the webcams when we go out of town so we can see how much fun he is having :)
This is the first time that I heard of this franchise tea place. They are absolutely amazing! I had the red bean milk strike with boba. Boba was cooked just right and they are very generous with their red bean and boba unlike some other boba place in town. This is my new boba place now!
I went with my sister like 2 hours ago. I got 1 al pastor taco and another shrimp taco. They were both good, the only thing was that within 30 seconds the tortilla got cold. So 4 stars for you :)
Food was very good, but service was terrible. Took about 10 minutes to get waited on, once we did get waited on, i didn't have my water glass once. And it took forever to pay the check.
I love my walmart by me. It's always clean, organized, friendly people. \n\nNot much more I can say on that :-)
Great sandwiches with good portion of salads. Really fresh. Friendly customer service. Definitely worth to come back again for lunch or brunch on a weekend.
we love this place
Great Barbecue and laid back atmosphere. Fries are to die for and the rest of the sides are also delicious. Their sauce is the best. Free ice cream to boot.
If you're in the mood for wings and beer, and you're hanging out or staying in the Uptown Charlotte area, then this is the place to go.\n\nThey have tons of different sauce/flavor options for the wings, a good selection of appetizers, and lots of different beers to choose from.
I've been a regular here and always get the pad Thai or their curry dishes. I wish I had know of yelp! since I had my iPhone!
Whether I'm hiking, disc golfing, or taking the dogs to the park, Reedy Creek is the place to be.  There is so much to do here, it's no wonder there are always people here.  Great park and also well maintained.
Great, smoky barbecue. The BEST mac 'n' cheese. Good sweet potato fries. All-around good food! The service is a gamble. Sometimes it's great and sometimes it leaves something to be desired. Worth the chance for a great meal and good atmosphere!
Best coffee and service in town.
Bland food, bad service, prepare to wait for an hour for your main course.
Don't let the proximity to the food court fool you- this is a nice, sit down restaurant. Yummy Italian food & great service.
You get what you pay for here, its cheap but there is a reason.  Don't expect to be blown away, but for its price range its good.
its was ok. not really worth all the hype\n\nPrice: a lot\nPresentation: good\nTaste: okay\nservice: okay
Friendly folks, lots of seating, good food and coffee - my only complaint was that the potatoes were very salty.  Other than that, tasty and good - it was great to get away from the Strip on our trip and just be with the locals.  Our server was lovely and it was an overall great breakfast experience.  Would definitely return.
Took my son a haircut today. He's been going to another Sports Clip near Paradise Valley and really enjoys it.  He's 7yrs old. Jessica was great with him. His favorite part was the shampoo after the cut and then a shoulder massage to finish off.
The 2 stars is for the cheap-shitty food. Its just another chain place with zero quality food. However, the service is good and friendly. The hostess, waitress and bartender were all really nice and the beer is good.  I would say a fun place for drinks only unless you just don't mind eating crap every once in a while.
Excellent and simple.  Very good food and friendly staff.   We will definitely be back!   Try the kok (pronounced coke) for desert, it's heaven!
Great food, atmosphere and beer...great prices as well!!! And it's great for big groups!
Ate there last week, kind of high priced for the fare we ordered. I had the petite steak, they were right. Did not mind the small steak, but the sides were small & not creative, should have a potato, steamed veggies, or brown rice, for this dish.
Ask for Guiseppe! The only reason for a 3 star is because I haven't heard the best things bout the service department.
The price is pretty standard for Las Vegas, but I have to say, they have great seafood options - and, importantly, they're all natural/organic caught/grown etc.  They have great fresh oysters from multiple locations, and I actually had the best sushi I've ever had here.
great hotel! i'll def be back to stay here! very friendly employees, amazing breakfast!
Its in a good location for a quick pick me up. But its pricier than other Starbucks.
i l0ved it! \n\neverything was perfect..... i mean the right vibe, the bed's were so comfy and they have some bomb yard sticks! the workers were all really nice :).. i must say it was perfect!
This target is great! It is always clean, they have more than enough cashiers working and the staff
Great place. Good deals. Nothing in life is dirt cheap but they're damn close. Don't hesitate to come to this place.
The food here is only good after a night out of drinking with friends and when we need a place to go to eat and sober up afterwards.  Ehhhh... There are better pho places. The portions are small. The service is awful by the way.
Good lunch deals, reasonable prices. The St Louis ribs are my fave by far. Many side order options, and they're all good in my experience. Not a big fan of the brisket here, which is surprising as I'd expect better. The hot links, one of the lunch options, are outstanding.
Great place for happy hour. Only four stars cuz the service is always hit or miss but the food has always been choice..
Can u do a quarter star? What were they going for with this place? If they were going for over-priced ,poorly thought out selections on a pseudo fashionable menu with small portions ; crappily prepared they hit the nail on the head. And the service was mediocre
Decent vegi burrito. Not mind blowing, but not bad either. Service was friendly and they got me my burrito quickly.\n\nOne of the better and quicker options for vegi folks in the airport.
Nice people but crappy pizza. Barely enough cheese on pizza. We left like eating dough only. Not going back.
The people are very friendly and helpful, but the store is lacking in stock.  There just isn't an adequate supply of cables.
Breakfast is greasy. But, the Chicken Smoker is solid, if not spectacular, airport food.
This is the second year I've used this company for a yard clean up. Brian is friendly and professional and his work is top notch. His prices are fair and my ability to pay online is very convenient.
Big portions. Decent price. Taste is okay.\n\nThe happy hour is a rip off, however. It's very little and doesn't taste wonderful.
Great place to take the kids! Buy the ticket pack for rides. great place to picnic and spend the day.
Decent sushi but honestly doesn't come close to Oyaji in Outer Richmond or even Sushi Ran in Sausalito. Although, the price is very similar...
Must be that I always go with an Irish they always treat us good and enjoy their Sheppard's pie and the Rubens! Good for Brunch but somehow I still don't like Tempe Market place to eat outside...\n\nTuesday is a good deal for beers, 2 for 1!!
They put way too much on the tacos I made a mess! Veggies to be exact. A  little less please.  I wasn't too impressed with the 4th street tacos-shrimp style. The limes were very dry hardly any lime juice came out
Great food, not overly priced. Good beer & wine selection. I recommend for lunch or a light dinner. Killer special on Mon. & Tuesdays.
Omigosh! We had reservations and they have COMPLETELY ignored us. Even let another group ahead of us. The hostess is rude and condescending. I will never come here again nor would I recommend this place to anyone.  We are still standing here 45 minutes after we should have been seated!
First time here. ..3 bites in here and I pull a half red half white hair out of my mouth. Utterly disgusted. Ugh. What a waste. AND they don't have regular cones. Ugh. Disappointment
Best in town, but be warned that they turn the air off when movie starts. It can get warm.
The margaritas were just okay. I was expecting better. The shrimp tamale was delicious as were the tacos. The dinner menu was limited so we chose to order a few appetizers instead. Ambience was good.
Excellent food and well worth the drive. I had the enchiladas suizas for a main course and absolutely loved them. Guacamole is tasty, with pomegranate mixed in to the avocado mix. Service is very good, too.
Stale bread began the meal.  The chicken in the  Marsala was overcooked and the brown sauce tasteless.\n\nReading the good reviews I wonder if this is the same place.  \n\nWill give it this: Good service and a nice decor, but cafeteria style food, and very expensive.
Britney is the best!!! Glad I found someone that takes good care of my hair.  I'm really picky with my hair and every time i go she shows patience with my needs. Overall Great experience I'm glad I found a good hair stylist in this town !
Love, love, love this place. Food is great, price is right, decor is as street food as it gets. Order whatever you feel like: it will be good!
Over prices for quality! No lobster in seafood platter. Pushy and rude waitress. Owner picked his nose behind the bar before making a Mai tai! Seriously.
Pros: good music, lighting, and general atmosphere\nCons: overpriced drinks, straight bartenders/go go dancers (with their girlfriends standing right next to them) not convenient location, couldnt get a cab back for 15 mins
Think of the name of the restaurant as an oxymoron and you're on the right track.\n\nDisgusting food, cheap ingredients, unfriendly staff, and pathetic dining area.  I lived on this food when I was broke 2 years ago and I regret it, I'd have rather gone into debt.
It would be a great place to watch a game if the jukebox music wasn't up so loud. There are tvs at the booths with sound so it would be awesome if I could actually hear it. Too bad - wont be back.
The employees seemed a little upity. I stopped in to drink some coffee and use their free wifi to catch up on some work. I was there for 2 hours and got a free refill using my Starbucks card and one of them in the back looked at me and said \"I hate it when they do that\".
Really good authentic food. Fast service and good prices.
milk tea, fruit tea.. all good. we ordered snacks like peppered chicken and toast that were really good as well. Wanted to get their shaved ice with tapioca strips, but they were out unfortunately. This is my hang out spot almost every night while I was in Vegas!
It got 4 stars but you have to know exactly what to get--and that is the #7 \"Best of Everything\" sandwich. Literally this is the only thing you should get here--everything else is pretty average, surprisingly.
Dirty, chaotic, inaccurate food advertising, burnt popcorn... Got tix for free and still felt like we paid too much.  Bummer.
I received an email questionnaire about my experiences dining at Turquoise Thistle. I have duly completed this and returned it.  I am really hopeful that they can do better going forward, it is already positive that they are looking at feedback comments.
quality in the food is inconsistent. i'm sure it depends on the cook of the day.\n\nthe only thing that consistently not dry and full of gristle is their pulled pork.\n\ni have 2 groupons for this place and i'm hoping to try their catfish.
Went in with high expectations and wasn't disappointed. We tried the Blu and Southwest burgers and loved them. Service was excellent too.
Stiff drinks, good happy hour specials, wide menu selection, excellent downtown location.
It was decent.  Pretty solid buffet.  Helps that it was free with our stay here.
Same as any other David's Tea except that this place is quite small and it was really crowded. Other than that, my mango madness ice-tea was great! (ask for the sweetener)
I have only been here for the happy hour menu, and OMG so worth it!  If you can get in there early, the service is fast.  The meatballs, garlic bread, and the personal pizza offered for happy hour are AMAZING.  Can't wait to go back.
I wanted to like this place more than Bad Daddy's,  but the fact of the matter is that when I took my first bites, there was not a moment when I said \"Wow, what an awesome burger!\" It was good, def better than average. Just not great.
Could be better.  There are many other MJ's epic songs were not perform in the show.  Over all, a decent show; definitely could be better.  Since this is still a new show compare to majority of other popular shows in Vegas, there is alot of room to improve.
Pretty good~ would eat here again.
Absolutely amazing restaurant -- I've posted pictures what we ordered and the dishes tasted as delicious as they look, particularly the ice cream made out of fresh vegetables and the lobster was divine.  Service was beyond fantastic and we also had a spectacular view from our table. My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.
Impeccable customer service and follow through!  They did a great job on my front fender repair and treated me like royalty!
We decided to give this place another try and were really disappointed.  There was no sauce on the pizza and we had ordered extra cheese and could hardly find any.  The sausage was bland with not flavor.  The  green pepper and onion were fresh and  they were the only good  tasting items.  Will not be going back
Ordered the combination #6.  The chicken was chewy.  Empty drinks was common place.  Someone in our party ordered shrimp fajitas and the shrimp was rubbery.  Guacamole was tasty.
why am i at a food court in vegas? well, we were super hungry and needed to eat quick. there are long lines for this place but it's just ok. fills my stomach but leaves my taste buds wanting more. seriously, make time to go to a good restaurant. it's vegas!
I went back today and had basically the same dish.  The food was good and satisfying.  The iced tea is a little strange, probably a Thai tea but the food is good and the people are nice.
Been here a couple of times to get my vege fix.  Good price and fast.  The line is always long and it can be hot or miss.  Buffet has various types foods from all over.  My favorite is the Middle Eastern section.  You can find better than this...
It's a chain.\n\nThat is all.
I am from Dallas, and their stores are MUCH more organized!! It was ridiculous and unsafe how high they had the bed-in-a-bags stacked!! I love Anna's but will NEVER go back to this store unless they get some good employees to do their job and organize the store!
This place is good. Customer Services is good. Overall the food is OK.
Amazing. i have eaten there 6 times in the past 4 weeks. just can't get enough of the food.
Tienen muy buena comida y el lugar no es el tipico vietnamita, es moderno decorado y agradable.\n\nMuy buen pho y los springrolls estan buenos.
The food was wonderful & Amanda was a great server.  Funny & full of personality. We will be back.
I was attending a business workshop today and decided to stop in here for lunch.  Pros: The servers were great.  They offered a different variety of vegetable options.  However, the meat selections were limited.  I was also looking for some desserts which is common in most places like this; unfortunately, there were any.
This place is great.  It is right next to my wife's family's house and its a great overall resort with nice rooms.  The biggest problem is the check in time and check out time.  What a pain in the ass to have to check out by 10 am and you can only check in after 4 pm.
Great cuisine, though it left me not feeling full and satisfied. The service and guidance in making a decision was great. The waiter was great, the drunks yummy and the best part was surely the Dragon Roll. Food was spectacular, but way overpriced. Would never go again based on the price and proportion. Cool atmosphere.
This place is great for a slice (or 3) on the run.  They have lots of crazy combos.  My only complaint is that it is somewhat of a tease to look at the menu since some of the more interesting sounding pizzas do not come in slices.
I used to go down the street for Mineo's - but that was before I stopped in at Aiello's.  Try the white pizza - probably the best I've ever had (your experience may differ).
I have been ordering from King Wok for over a year now. The food very good however the service is TERRIBLE. I swear they NEVER get my order right (for take out or delivery). I've given them a year to fix their crappy service so I won't be ordering from them anymore.
Great food, poor service. We waited over an hour for our food and no one seemed to care. (On a Monday night)
Bad customer and restaurant service.  Ignored and disrespected.  Not an environment suited for couples. I'm shocked at what a disappointment this place was. I do not recommend. If yelp allowed me to not give it a star, I wouldn't.
6 star for their Spring Roll if possible, it's still the best in Las Vegas as I think & 3 star for the slowwwwwwwwwwwwwww soup. Also, just found there is a minimum charge for credit card: $15!
I was surprised at Westgate City Center!  I have no spent any time in Glendale.  We had tickets to a show at the stadium, which is located in City Center.  It was clean, nicely laid out and had a good selection of places to eat.  Great place to chill before or after a games/show
Was not impressed with my too oily & tasteless shrimp meal. I walked out wishing I went to Chili's.
Was back there again last week.  Wish there was a rating less than one star.\n\nThe staff are idiots and mean-spiritied.
Tank topped hipsters. \n\nBeer. Deli sandwiches. Vegan/vegetarian food. Jesus action figures. \n\nApathetic and mediocre. A familiar old friend.
Effeciency of ordering and care... Hiccough only with reservation when I arrived which was quickly amended... Great food and view
Puts Panera to absolute shame. More flavor, variety, and unique soups. \n\nAfter eating here, I'm fairly certain that Panera serves diarrhea.
the owner likes butcher your haircut and color, then likes to argue with you on whether or not you lied to her about how you wanted your hair. Not worth the price or the time.  BEWARE!!
This place is delicious...huge portions but Wow!!! So worth it.  The lasagna was to die for. Totally recommend Carmine's.  Bread basket is great too!!!!
I guess its not bad for an airport resturant.  The service was so bad.. it took us 10 mins each time to flag down the waitress.  We got shrimp tacos that were pretty good except it only had 1 shrimp in each of them... I'd head over to gate A&B to eat at Four Peaks instead
Far and away the best breakfast place in Vegas OMG huge portions and great prices, service was amazing and you always leave full!
Best Italian in Madison.  Ignore the hater reviews.  Get a reservation if it's a weekend.  Best advice is dine at the bar.  Pizzas  are excellent, calamari and Caesar salad solid.  Top 1% martinis.  Always ask about the specials.
When we pulled up, there was not one car in the parking lot.....that should have been the first clue, but we thought we would try it anyway.  My boys and I ordered at least 5 different items and with that said, their orange chicken was really good.  We would not be going back to that restaurant.  :(
Just wanted to say thank you for the service  some of the fastest and nicest people in the restaurant business I've seen in along time \nGreat service great food a little expensive but worth it
Cute interior, tasty jerk chicken.  This small little restaurant serves up big portions of hearty Caribbean foods with very friendly service.  My only nit-picky thing was that the chicken, while tasty, did have a little too much salt for my tastes.
Awful awful customer service. Impossible to get any good information and the website is just awful. I've been stuck in a login loop and can't do anything
The only things that I don't like about this place are the prices and the wait. Other than that its amazing!
Used to go to Boston Market a long time ago.  Loved the chicken and the cole slaw, so went in just for that.  Guess what?  They don't make cole slaw anymore.  So I won't be a customer anymore.  Just ok.
Great service, everything tasted great, if you sit at the bar an have all you can eat you can have half orders of rolls, which you can not do at the table.
The food was AWSOME great seasoning great scenery  and great service it's hard to find a good authentic Mexican spot but I love this one. I'd recommend it to anyone
i dunno... i ordered the same sandwich i usually get at sandwich spots; Tuna. Didn't taste any different from Quiznos to be honest, or WichWich... maybe i wasn't drunk enough...
Very bad service. I made an appt for 11 am and I had to wait 15 min before they started my nails. I don't make appts to wait for a service.
Good fun for kids at adventure dome.\nNo place to sit for non players \nNot possible to sit and eat com comfortably.
Worst customer service ever!!! As much as I dislike Dairy Queen,  I think I'm going to have to go there from now on. Such a mood spoiler!!!
Go Bears!!!
This time was not that good. Took forever. Sandwich was very bland not as tasty as I remembered. Maybe different cook :(
Good addition to Fremont Street. Really enjoyed the variety of beers and excellent service.
Worst service ever.
I was not too impressed by the quality of the dim sum. I arrived at around 1 pm, pretty much everything that was served was barely even warm and soggy. I've tried several Yum Cha places around Montreal, this one's ranked lowest. Having lived in China, take my word for it.
I worked with Paul Parshley at the Tempe location. He was very professional, he always kept in touch, and is very knowledgeable in his line of work. With the help of Paul, everything went quickly and smoothly.
Everything in here is extravagantly overpriced. Everything Bed Bath & Beyond brand is total junk and extravagantly overpriced. \n\nUnfortunately, even though the people here are quite pleasant and helpful, the store itself is just such a money black-hole with incredibly low value.
Beer cocktails are great. Try theElectric lemonade, honey brew and angry fireball
The kids the have working at this location don't give a shit about you or your food screw this place. One of them looked all tweeked out. No go!
Between the 3 of us, we had sandwiches: the chipotle, the blue Brie and the 3 cheese. All very good, but my favorite is The chipotle sandwich
This place was alright.  $7.99 prime rib.  $6.99 meatloaf.  $5.99 spaghetti in meat sauce.  Everything needed more salt.  Nothing special here, but the service was great.
Cool bar.  Kinda reminds me of this bar in the burbs of Cleveland called Johns Cafe I used to patron everyday!   And I love the indoor fire pits!
I been waiting outside for 20 min waiting for an AutoZone employees to scan my car for code..  they have the worst costumer service ever.. ima leave and go to O'Reillys
A SOLID 3 star. Muck better than Arahova. Huge portions, delicious tsatziki sauce (garlicky but not to the point where your mouth still tastes like garlic the morning after!) and affordable. Definitely hits the spot.
What an experience! As a huge dessert-a-holic, Sweets Raku is heaven with a twist. Hella fancy. I enjoyed sitting at the bar and watching the chefs create their magic in front of us. I'll be back to try the rest of the menu!
Va Dang is pretty darn delicious. I prefer Pho Thanh, but thats my taste. I like the broth better at Pho Thanh, however Va Dang has way better deserts available.
I came here on my early morning flight to NY. The line was long and I wanted a good bagel. I waited in the like and ordered bagel and coffee. I had one bite of the bagel and wanted to spit it out. Go somewhere else for a good bagel.
Their food quality is awful. Chicken wings came out burnt and the sweet potato fries were soggy. It literally took them 40 mins to replace the potato with regular fries. I'm not sure what happened to this place, food used to be good.
I love this place. I live in San Diego and the first thing I do when I get off the plane in Phoenix is go here. They have the best catfish po boys I've ever had.
Normally I wouldn't let a server ruin my experience at a restaurant but the service was terrible.  The food was just okay and the shake with pudding was garbage.  There's plenty of other casual restaurants in Vegas to spend your money at.
Military friendly!! Amazing work that would take me all day to do takes them 30 mins!! We all know time is so precious these days!! :D
One of the best vanilla lattes in Charlotte!  I try to support small local businesses (plus, Starbucks coffee is gross) so I was happy to see this little coffee shop pop up near Plaza Midwood.  \n\nIt's a nice place to meet up for coffee with friends or do some work by yourself.
Whitefish special delicious! As always the chef/owner came out to check on us-super nice and talented guy. Great food and service!
Great ambiance as it's built out of an old women's prison. The food is sensational and the service is fantastic.
closed...
Great food and atmosphere; came a bit earlier than reservation but owner (who was on-site, mingling & managing) was VERY accommodating, set up a nice cozy table for us asap. Tasty food
Beeeeer!  I don't remember this place.  I guess mission accomplished.
Went downhill fast after some of the staff left. It's a shame this use to be a place we would frequent but not anymore.. Not sure what happened but I just can't recommend this place anymore - there are better places that are close to eat at.
Place has gone down hill.  Total tourist trap for deep wallets and/or suckers.  The ones in NY and Boston are fantastic.  To be fair, service was excellent.  That's about it.  Food was bland at best.
Fast very friendly service. Especially love the fish taco's. Taco Tuesday is the best.
This place makes my innards tingle. The atmosphere is energized and the food is absolutely top notch. Much to be said about this joint. It's great for a date or small groups. Staff is awesome and attentive. Overall, I will go here frequently.
It's a gas station, and a car wash.\n\nCame here for a quick car wash and to get some gas for my commute.
Mediocre at best. Service is terrible. Food is OK presentation is good. For the price you can do much much better in montreal.
Terrible auto detailing, wax was left on the car didn't clean everything I could have done a better job myself.  Payed $150 will never go back
I can't express how amazing this dealership is Brent is an amazing person our sales person Emily was great I really appreciated all he did this dealership is the way to go if ur buying a Lexus can't go wrong!!!! Thank u guys so much!!!!!
Superbly fresh food, served by a friend staff. Restaurant is very clean & bright, with covered  seating outside. Had the Greek salad with gyro meat & fries. Nice portion size for the price. A REALLY full meal for $11. I'm a fan.
WORST PHO PLACE EVER!!!!! \nSo I asked for an extra bowl.... 5min later, still no bowl... 20min later STILL NO BOWL!!!!! Worst service ever!!! And waiter here is the worst!!!
Our room was dirty, smelled of smoke though it is supposedly nonsmoking, and smelled of urine.
Macarons were yummy!  Had to control myself from all the goodies. Very nice cozy atmosphere.  Staff was very friendly.  Salted carmel macarons are my new guilty pleasure.
My dinner was very good.\nIt was presented well.\nOur server and the staff were friendly and accomodating.\nWe will definitely return.\nI will recommend Scottsdale Station to others.
After realizing that every other restaurant at the TI was a walk-up, take-out, [late lunch time] we opted to sit down at the buffet restaurant. \nBoring and mediocre, if I hadn't been starving I might have been offended.
I really like this theater. They are cash only which can really be a pain, but the prices are great. The people working there seemed nice and the place was clean. They have a nice selection of movies and the decor is fun.
The service was good, but the food was bland and just not good. I will not return.
Great food and atmosphere.. Love the decor, the steamed BBQ pork buns, I got BBQ platter with duck, pork, and chicken...
Good selection of costumes for all ages. As long as you go a week before halloween there are hardly any lines & plenty of sizes. Prices are average for any costume store. A good go to for about any costume you can think of.
Saw the Groupon and decided to try it out. The food is simple but good. I ordered the chicken with Korean sauce and my husband ordered the chicken with peanut sauce. The staff was very friendly and offered bottled water when I didn't want a fountain drink. \nGood service and good food.
We've since gone back a few times, and I have to say they have one of the best burgers in Phoenix.  And the cheese fries are great, too!
Dinner with family. Good for people with kids, as it was loud. Three stars for the menu. I wish there were more veggie choices. Typical chain. I'd go again, if need be. Service was good. Food took a long time to come out.
Jimmy johns sucks
Good stuff! Going to stop by this place  every time I'm in the area and also for all holidays!
My go to spot with my girls on a chill night out or before partying.  Their sangria and paradise mojitos are good (get the pitchers so you all can share).  I would recommend: the firefly fries, camarones a la diabla, terra de mar.
I went to this restaurant last weekend and had a great experience.  Everything we ordered was great and the service was excellent. It had the atmosphere of a very nice restaurant, and the prices were reasonable. I'll definitely be back!
Went on a Friday for a beer and it took 20 minutes to get a drink.  Had to go to the bar to find the waitress.   Then couldn't even get the bill.  The manager said he would just take care of it.  Very disorganized.   Not a good experience.
Stopped in to grab a cocktail. They were good but bartender was not paying attention to what was ordered.
There are definitely better bars to go to in Madison.  It really isn't the cleanest of bars, the counters are always sticky and the tables always wobble.  Drinks are not very well made either....
I like this store, and the staff is very friendly. The problem with this store is the poor pricing. If there is shelf pricing, it is often wrong or placed in front of the wrong item.\n\nThis is a big concern and should be a better tended business practice.
I hope I never have to fly this airline again, the price may be cheap, but the extras cost us another $200, a rip off, they charge for everything. And there is no leg room at all.
Well at least they try... A bad attempt at NY pizza. I have to say the crust is good but the cheese leaves something to be desired. It's thick, matted, and oily.
Too many  panhandlers it's stupid only been here two minutes and I have people begging for money.
No matter how many times I come or which store I get the best customer service. The know their business and offer options. Today Garret helped us and he was phenomonal ....my family only uses discount tire for all our tire services
Awesum mushroom burger!!  We ate here 4 times in 12 days. Very comfortable inside!! Nachos are enormous!
If you are doing business with Mansions on Fifth you must make sure you get paid in advance.  They will stiff you.  They do not pay their bills.
The menu was unimaginative and the service was strange. Needless to say, I didn't enjoy it.
I'd tell you how the food is but it's been hour and I still don't have a table. We were told 35 minutes. That don't happen. They don't seem to accommodate to the sizes of their the parties coming in.
Totally disappointed. Ordered take out Tom yum. Was asked if I wanted \"spicy\" which I did. That is definitely not what I received. Very bland, zero heat. I'll give them another chance and be more specific about how spicy I want it.
This place is cool! If they don't have the beer you want, the staff can steer you towards something similar. Great beer menu, and so organized! Plus, it's right across the street from the ball stadium!!
Cefiore is soooo delicious I LOVE there crepes they are the best! I usually get 2 when I go there. They have a very wide variety of treats that will leave you wanting more! :) I absolutely would recommend this crepe spot. Great service and  everything is very fresh! They even have a stamp card!
Our first time here and our server Matthew was very helpful with suggestions. Omelets were excellent and the potato chips were awesome.
We have visited Ivan for years now.  He does a brilliant job on color and such great haircuts.  He is really remarkable and has so much passion for hair!  Myself and my 2 daughters go to him.  See you soon Ivan!
Quick to be seated.  Good service.   Best food that I've had on this trip, but not so amazing that I have to come back.
I recently got an update from a local Yelper that this joint just closed.  I think it had something to do with a late rent payment dispute with the landlord.  Stay tuned....
Very clean & highly recommended nail salon. Theyre all pretty friendly!! My nails always looks fabulous when I leave their salon!!! Go check them out!!! Tweety is so sweet, always smiling!!!
It's fast and open late. After a night out on state street this is a perfect place to satisfy your munchies. Pulled pork nachos!!!
Not only was the food great, but the customer service was top notch as well!  I came here with my friend a few nights ago and ordered the shrimp thai, only because i had been craving it for so long.  Everything on the menu looked delicious! We will definitely be coming back here ago soon.
had breakfast march 4 -20-11 it was fantastic. had a great waitress .\n      fantastic food \n I had chicken fried steak it was fantastic. great waffles. and omlets
Great steak cuts, perfectly prepared, nice hot plate. Sides were awesome and service very good! We will go back.
I totally didn't get it, and never found any of it funny. \n\nThe whole thing was just stupid and put me and my friend in a blah mood so it was hard to get motivated to go out afterwards. \n\nTalk to people who are similar, your friends and then see if you should go.
So Gerow, the light there not even working
The best beef jerky I've ever had in my life. I wish they sold this online so I wouldn't have to drive all the way to Vegas. Their beef jerky is the most tender, easy to chew, easy to eat, swallow, and the most flavorful beef jerky there is. Period.
Went to ohjahs tonight. It was our first time there. Outside it smells AMAZING so you instantly float your way in. The lighting was perfect which set the mood. My girlfriend and I spilt some sushi which was splendid! Very fresh. If your in the area def stop at this spot to try it out.
Had the burger with blue cheese. It was overcooked. There were a lot of people working but service was lacking and slow. It was ok. The burger was on the smaller side and a tad dry. I'd suggest going somewhere else.
Very bad service! So bad that I did not care for the food!
So after driving by this place a few times we decided to give this place a try. Super friendly staff, as far as bar food this place is really good. My husband had to surf and turf and I had the beef tips with red potato skin mashed potatoes. So if your in the area give this place a try!!
This restaurant was definately over priced.  All the stories you hear about how cheap it is to eat in vegas, complete lie.  Although I did stay on the strip, but still i dont think I had a single meal under $13.  That adds up quickly.  The food here was good, but nothing to write home about.
Met the owners, chatted and sat down. Beautiful ambience, great menu, not too many items.\nExcellent smoked salmon plate, great quiche and egg salad to die for.\nGive this bistro a try, talk with the ladies that own it- they care about what they do and it shows.
A serviceable breakfast choice bit a bit overpriced for what you get.  Denny's food at twice the price.  The breakfast buffet will cost you the same.
I would NOT recommend. It's overpriced, even for Vegas. I went in expecting cool ice sculptures and fun activities, only to find a small room with ice on the walls. My freezer is more entertaining. \n\nThey yelled at us for every activity and so we walked out.
www.bigtsreviews.com
Johnny! There is no better place to go- for a trip down my childhood play times!!! And the project with Pawn Stars, Ricks Restorations, Kounts Kustoms and you is a dream come true!!!
Ehhh. It just serves its niche clientele. if you are older and are accustomed to that style of food and service go and enjoy. Do not expect too much
The ambience was perfect but the food was so average as was our waitress who was trying to be cute but seemed completely out of her element and not helpful at all.  I love Kerry Simon and again, the theme is so beautifully done but I do not think it was worth the money or the time.  Total bummer.
Went in on my lunch break to get the tire on my jogging stroller fixed and I was out in less than 20 minutes!\n\nI think my techs name was Gilbert and he was super cool and friendly. \n\nI'll be back for future repairs
I had only eaten at 1 McD previously in my life but Zak R got me to try the hash browns here and I have to admit they are delicious. Cinnamon buns were no Cinnabuns but surprisingly fluffy and yummy.
Pretty good sandwiches. I've always just done take out from this location, a few times they have had trouble getting the order right. However, we keep coming back for fresh sandwiches and soup.
Fair prices, odd hours.  Cats everywhere. I won't be coming back. I came to pick up my car and nobody was there... Door was locked. Nobody answered my calls. I had to call out of work for the day.
This park is due for some maintenance but overall it's very nice and the kids love the water feature. Dog friendly
I have to make an appointment for an hour later to ask a basic price question while there are employees just standing around. Now that's customer service.
This business will not support a steady lunch crowd. $23.50 for two sandwiches with no sides and a single drink ($2.50 for a medium?). The sandwiches were a healthy size, but the prices don't fit this market. This Tempe not Tokyo.
what a great place - stopped in for some carryout for a picnic lunch with a friend at Papago Park; it took a long time to decide what to get, it all looked so good.  Everything was delicious.
Excellent. Worth your time. Coffee is excellent, service is fast and friendly the the staff seem like they actually enjoy working here with each other. I will most certainly be back.
this place is fabulous there Hawaiian steak was the best we have only been here once and we came here only because the steak place across from them was crowded but we will be back for sure the food is great and very reasonable prices for the quality of service and food
Great food and good place to take my 4 year old to. Their ranch dressing and burgers are GOOD!
When I eat smoked meat sandwiches,  I base them all on the ones found here. Best in the world. Sometimes hard to find a parking spot. Sometimes you have to wait in line just to get in. It's that popular because its that good!
Great food and service!  Amazing is all I can say.
Terry was so nice and helpful!!! Especially since it was my first time there and I am a out of towner in need of a nice and clean hair cut. Great barber!!! Thank you and I shall be back!!!!
Authentic Italian cuisine that will make you want to come back and try everything on the menu! Went for my parents anniversary dinner and the food & service was top notch. Meatballs were amazing! Yummmm
This airport is really nice. That is all O_O
A trendy, upscale\"ish\" restaurant on the east side? Finally! Loved the food, loved the decor. Now just needs some a clientele under 60 ;')
Amazing food.  The beef ribs and southern fried chicken are so good.
Big fan of Man vs Food and the Travel Channel, so we had to come try this place out. We don't really like Crawfish so we order Shrimp instead. we have tried different seasonings they offer but end up liking the hot n juicy special seasoning extra spicy. It has so much flavor.
The price, taste, and service can not be beat. You will not be disappointed.
Horrible everything.  The unfriendly service, the booths that are falling apart, overpriced bland food.  Go across the street to Roliberto's.
We finally came here for dinner but we were disappointed. There wasn't alot to choose from and it's quite expensive. The service was fine and the food was pretty decent but we expected a very different menu and a larger one at that. Plus their prices were way too much. I doubt we'd be back.
The food is delicious the crapes are so scrumptious the atmosphere is fun it's very small and tight but I think it's pretty cozy the menu is a little difficult to read if your back is turned to it overall I really like this restaurant it's very clean very friendly service
Bad service.  Bad breakfast.  Eggs were runny.  Bacon was over cooked.  Server had pissy attitude.  They always pretend it is busier than it really is.  Going down hill.  Go to good egg for a great breakfast.
I think this place has the best boba drinks. Simply because they use fresh fruit. None of that powder stuff.
I cannot, for the life of me, understand why the gas price is so out of line.  There is nothing special about this location EXCEPT astronomical gas price.  If you can, avoid this location at all coats.  There is no need to pay $.20 - $.30 more than every other station.
I want to like this place since it is close to home...but, the food was just okay. The pad Thai was alright and the crab Rangoon was actually wonderful, but overall I find the favors lacking. I will try it again with the hopes I just chose the wrong entree.
Excellent prices. Decent food. Nice staff. Clean and friendly.
Had my first experience with a friend who has been going here for years....   The bartenders and servers were extremely friendly... the food was good quality... Overall was a pleasant experience... I would definitely go back!
It was good for the price and convenience.
This place is so awesome! This is my wife an I second time back and it is just as awesome as the first time! We highly suggest coming here for great sushi if you're on this side of town. Great value and service is great!
I ordered take out for me and 2 people and it took 30 minutes before it was ready. It is really delicious though so besides the wait I was very happy! Very fresh tasting.
So great to have an amazing local brewery! This beer rivals any of the big names in micro brew beers. I love their Belgian IPA, and they frequently have food trucks outside the taproom now.
Confusing layout. Annoying that the options for food are so significantly different between concourses, depending on what you're flying you may have access to a lousy selection. Shoot for the D concourse, or hope that you can convince security to escort you from ABC to D.
Its good for late night Thai food. Portions not as big as most Restaurants and a little higher priced.  good  because its open late night. Not bad, waitresses are  friendly. Has a nice bar.
I love Einstein's! This location has always been clean, efficient, and friendly.\n\nCinnamon raisin bagel with honey almond shmear is one of my faves!
Get the 3 slider plate, best of all the sandwiches. Reuben is my favorite.
tried again. its crap
food was good but we were the only people in there and the service was bad and took 20 mins to get our burgers to our table
Long line in drive-thru.  Obnoxiously perky employees.  Skunky, overpriced coffee.  Avoid!
Been going here for a few years. Dr. T is great. Has helped me get my diabetes under great control and listen to my concerns. He is willing to work with me instead of tell me what to do. \n\nI am grateful for his help and treatment.
Nice place to do a little day drinking. Good happy hour special and a big selection of wine and whiskeys. They offer various flights of both too. The bartender was knowledgeable and friendly.
Consistently good food, great neighborhood hangout, free wifi, friendly staff. A+
Excellent restaurant apportez votre vin.  Chaleureux avec une table d'h\u00f4te tr\u00e8s vari\u00e9e.
The slowest sonic of my life. Friendly staff, but I was in the drive-through with only two cars in front of me and I was in line for at least 20 minutes. Super frown.
Great specials. Today was chicken tender wrap $5.99 um um good
I ate at the Sahara location years ago and remember it being very delicious & a nice menu of different items to choose from. Well a few months back I tried the downtown location and was truly disappointed. Food was not as good as I remembered and service was horrible. I don't think I will be eating at this location again.
Food was delicious and the service was great.  I will definitely be going back!  I highly recommend the pork belly appetizer and the lamb entree.
Of all the seafood buffet in the pittsburgh area, Hokkaido is our favorite.
The food and drinks here were very good.  We waited quite a while to be seated even though it did not appear to be overly busy for a Friday night.  But, we still had a great time and enjoyed the food and drinks for sure.
This might be the scariest long john silvers on the planet. Its right next to a sleezy check cashing place, so there are a ton of interesting people in the parking lot. The manager was super cool and hooked us up with a bunch of hats for our pirate party.
Fast service at a great price the only place to go to if you don't want it to take all day getting new tires. I have come here several times for repairs replacement and have never been disappointed. They are honest and treat you good so you want to come back.
Just stopped by the watch repair at Sears, conveniently located right by the entrance. My gf needed a new battery. Less than 10 minutes, in and out! I would give them 5 stars easily. Can't give it to the whole mall because we didn't check it out.
So very slow.....time after time.   Cars backed up with employees sitting around and the manager yelling at one of the employees.  Truly mismanaged. \n\nKeep driving south to Danny's.
Traveling from San Francisco saw the store ate breakfast next door and then went to go to the uniform store and they were closed even though the sign said they open at 8am\nWe waited until 815 still no sign of anyone \nVery disappointing
Grade: C-\n\nI really hope that was chicken in my Chicken Lo-Mein. What happened to this place? What a dump. Good service but I kept wondering how old the huge mold stain on the ceiling was.
We sat in the car for 1/2 hr waiting for the pouring rain to subside. We got there right at 8 and they wouldn't let us in. We live nowhere near here and were passing back by coming from vacation. they lost a sale and a customer at this store forever
Great  salsa bar\nGaucho taco and burrito are the best\nAnd the Mahi Mahi \nHorchata is also pretty good\nDefinitly coming back
Great wings and Peroni!
I'm sorry, but this is not a Pad Thai, the food was awful... the service.. nobody checked on us, I have to look for somebody to bring me the bill. Never ever back here!!!
Bad service. Bad food. Bad lunch for my 12/25. This was last year's 12/25 by the way.
When we checked in I asked how much it cost to get into the Auto Collection and the guy at the desk gave me two free passes. It has some pretty cool cars its also very cheap even though I didn't have to pay.
improved from it's previous version. The asian section was not up to par.
Gone!- Drummed out of business!!!
Pretty good Pizza & I am from NJ.
Went for Mother's Day.  Food was awesome and the waiter recommended the perfect wine.  Very impressed.
Smells like shit inside but great waterfall view
Just got my za, it was awesome.  The driver was very nice as well.
Delightful place for lunch.  Fresh food and best coconut cream pie ever.  Looking forward to another trip to Wickenburg and lunch at Nana's!
I walked half an hour to get to this place and it was closed.  Early December during normal business hours.  No explanation or note on door.  \n\nI didn't want to skew the ratings so I gave it 3 stars based on other reviews.\n\nMske sure you call ahead before you go.
Clean store, friendly staff, fast service
This is a great place to go if you need to buy a gift for someone and you don't want to splurge and you don't know what to get. I have found some very unusual gifts at The Bag Lady and I love supporting an independent local business. Check it out!
great restaurant the food and service couldn't be better
They destroy my drink 8/10 times and their baristas are quite rude. For one of the busiest Starbucks in Scottsdale, they lack quite a bit. I stopped coming to this Starbucks. I now go to the other one inside the store off the freeway.
Just moved out on Sunday November 10th.
Waited over 45 minutes for lunch... Don't come here if you are in a hurry!! The food was alright once it arrived.
Nice place over all.  The beer is good.  Other than beer, I have only had the nachos and they were average/tasty.  The waitresses are always friendly and helpful.  The restaurant is comfortable and they also have a nice out door patio.  The beer sampler is a good way to start your beer quest!
Hands down the best cheese calzone I have ever had!  Small was actually a single (plus dogs) serving.  Cheeses were blended with just a touch of sauce.  Dough was light and flaky. Delicious!
Come Monday - Thursday $5 movies!!!
Beautiful course, Super friendly staff, and... WOW cheap beer! We will be back!
Great atmosphere and menu selection - though the execution falls short with small sharing portions and seemingly bland food.
Great little place. Grab a stick, sit with nice and friendly guest and smoke it up. Mike is very nice and well versed in cigars. When ever I'm in the area I make a point to stop in.
Don't wash your car here. Car looked almost as dirty afterwards. Old and run down as well. I am bummed.
This place is absolutely amazing. Every time I visit Las Vegas, this is a restaurant I must go to. Everything I've had there has been delicious. They are usually pretty packed, but I've never had to wait very long and their customer service is excellent.
I always get friendly customer service here. And they have a lot of real fruit drinks here. I think they are one of the best places for boba drinks.
Hands down favorite restaurant on the strip.  Been here multiple times and it keeps exceeding my taste buds and expectations each and every time.  Try the filet, a bit of a kick!
Delicious tacos! Great prices! FAST service!! This place was packed when we went a d the line ZOOMED! It was awesome food too. Carne asada fries were bomb!
The music videos are so off. It lags a minute or so. So when you want to sing a long or watch the video, their lips are is off. Lolz. Ahhhh \n\nFix it.
Still a beautiful property and good service most of the time, but for such a storied resort, surprisingly service had gotten spotty when I was marooned here by Virgin America two weeks ago (and since). Looking at the Yelp trend, I wonder whether they undertook cost-cutting on compensation about 6 months ago.
very good food, great view, open till 2am!
They have great Thai tea but the service sucks. Said the delivery would be 30-45 minutes. The food shows up almost 2 hours later at almost 8pm! I called and every time all they would say was \"the driver is on his way\". Oh did I mention its one block away?
Had brunch today at this place. Let me tell you, it was great! Not one single complain. The food came out fast and service was delightful. Will definitely be coming back.
Bacon candy was great. Loved the beer selection. My boyfriend and I got two flights and had a tough time only selecting 8 out of the many. \"Heyday\" was amazing and the winter lager.
Excellent pizza! \n\nI was in there two weeks ago and the owner recommended the Philly in a wrap version. I have never heard of it in a wrap version so I ordered it and I now know what I'll order every time I go it there.
The ribs and sauces are a smoky, sticky and delicious!  5 different flavors. The corn muffins have a little sweet flavor, they are fantastic.  Our server was top notch!!!!  He made our vist extremely comfortable.
Best burgers around. Also the milk shakes are the greatest.
Very good eating experience and excellent service. Definitely a place where to go back when out dining in Vegas.
CLOSED!\nWent to give it another shot and they were closed... note on the door said they were locked out due to non payment of rent.
I had a enjoyable dinner ... Friendly staff, good service and excellet food
quick, friendly service!
Terrible pizza, tasted like it was from a box. Bread tasted like it was from a bag.\nGave it a try twice, will not come back.
A tad on the high end but what a view!!!! Food was wonderful and the staff was friendly. Well worth the extra money
You can never go wrong with Maggiano's. Rigitoni D is the best! I was surprised however this one wasn't crowded on a Sunday evening. The food was wonderful. The waiter did make us feel a bit rushed when ordering but accommodated our children very well.
Better choices nearby.
I got take-out from here on a business trip to Scottsdale, and it was OK.  Cute, clean place, pleasant service.  \n\nI got a green chicken curry and it was nothing special... not much flavor.  Not bad, but not great.
Great beers, Great ambiance, Incredible food.  This is the standard other bars have to try to match up to.
Worst brunch ever. Moldy fruit, cold soggy pancakes, dried out salmon, and dried out pasta. Disgusting. There are a lot of great brunch places in Pittsburgh and this is not one of them.
Excellent Food, Best in Scottsdale.. The owners Orlando and Jackie are wonderful people and run a great restaurant. You have to try this place.
Good food, but not better than my homemade. :( \nService: good\nCleanliness: good\nFood: good\nI don't understand the hype.
The dumbasses sold me the wrong size intake hose because they didn't have the right size in stock. I bought a fancy hydraulic jack there and while it was great for awhile the thing broke shortly afterwards.
Don't get fooled by the low rates. Excessive charge on the internet, uncomfortable and torn beds.
Worse place ever! Old bad equipment, no one working and they sell rides by time and no one working to assist....huge waste of money and when we complained they could not even locate a manager! WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!!!!!!
Fun place to stay, good gaming and nice staff!!
I came because I had a coupon and figured that the pizza would be ok since I was hungry.  It really was one of the better pizzas that I've had in a long time.
Primo prices for sub-par food. I recommend they change up their menu and pricing. Nothing special about their lunch specials.
Excellent food and table wait staff but that really didn't offset the 52 minute wait to be seated after being told the wait would be 20 minutes. I don't mind waiting except people that came in after us got seated with little or no wait...seems a staff person would just seat people he saw standing regardless of the wait list.
Decent sushi and teppanyaki. The prices are a bit high for the quantity of food. The sushi rolls are miniature, had the spicy salmon and red rock rolls. I was surprisingly charged $2.50 for hot tea which is customarily a complimentary item at Japanese restaurants. Not a big fan overall.
The waitress we had snubbed us for not ordering enough food and acted rude towards us. This place has poor servers with overpriced food.
I've only gotten delivery from Francisco's, but it's been a great experience all three times. Great chicken enchiladas. I'd definitely recommend this place!
Alex is absolutely awesome. I had a general idea of what I wanted but he was really able to bring it to life and give me some feedback on making it look perfect. I couldn't be happier with the finished product and will definitely be back.
Love it here!!! Excellent, cheap coffee and teas!  Very relaxing and inviting!  I love the ever changing wall decorations!!!  My new coffee shop that I will be frequenting!
Excellent service!! Very good work and friendly staff!! I was in and out in a timely fashion and the staff is very experienced and educated on the products they sell and service. very happy !!
session key
The server/cashier was pleasant but had dirt under his nails.  Was very turned off when he handed me the food.  They keep slices in the back so you cant see them which with slices I like to see to know how fresh they are. The slices weren't great either.
Most incredible pie if had, and everyone I went with thought so too. I had the banana cream pie and it was totally worth the money.
I tried their eggrolls, pad thai, and house fried rice. All were delicious.. but what stood out to me the most, was their coconut soup! I was impressed with the presentation, and customer service was excellent! Definitely coming back!
Not the best mall to shop few chain stores nothing great. Mainly just get harassed by the sales people trying to sell you everything at the kiosk stands. I found this place somewhat annoying to shop.
Service terrible - hostess was rude and took forever to get a waitress, the menu is not appropriate for children - many menu names X RATED. \nThe atmosphere is beautiful dark woods and reds. If they paid as much attention to their food and their customers as they did the decor, it would be a 10.
I pop in for a bagel probably 2-3 times a month and the staff is very friendly and fast.  They remember you and smile.  The bagels are way better than Einstein's.
Dr. Philips is amazing. I like the way he interacted with my son and with us to help us understand the problem with my kid.
I know this is a Japanese restaurant, but get the steak here!  It is amazing!!!\nHands down my go to place for my steak fix :9\n\nTheir sushi rolls are also very well made and the staff is very friendly :)
We went back to\nCowbell and had exceptional\nService. The food was quick, tasty and everything we were craving. Much happier with our experience this time around and will keep it in our rotation of restaurants. Kudos to the management for taking complaints seriously and making major improvements in service.
Forget the tablecloth-and-white-glove joints. I walked in and could not believe the selection on the menu, but was even more impressed with the healthy options available. I had an omelet and wheat toast, and the portion was enough to carry me from 9am to 3pm - and I'm not a small guy.
I like this DQ, but it's hit and miss on the quality of the product.  Sometimes they get things correctly, and other times not so much.   It's been in this location for years, and it used to be a great place to go!
Best authentic Mexian place in town.  They have so many optins.  Go with the chicken mole verde.  It is delcious.\n\nEnchiladas rock, the alambra is good too.\n\n\nShrimp cocktail isnt that great though- I've had much better.
I love this hotel, great shops and pool!  They must have a great air circulating system because i didn't get the smelly smokey air you usually get when hanging out on the casino floor.  MY hubby stayed here for his bachelor party and he said the rooms are really nice.
You really can't beat the value for such a great location on the strip.  Reserve at the north tower and you will get the newly renovated rooms with ample space, clean sheets, and a nice cheap casino to boot.
Food is good, hot.  Service is excellent.  I like the oldies music they play.  My favorite place to go for breakfast.
What a great quality thrift store.  I've been to many thrift stores, but when I walked into Deseret Industries I was so impressed.  I'll be back for more.
Fresh local meat! Good stuff and good prices!!\n\nI love this place!
Avoid at all costs! They misdiagnosed my problem and charged me thousands for repairs I did not need. My ac still doesn't work. These guys are scammers that take advantage of people. I hope you guys can sleep at night knowing you stole from a schoolteacher!
Cool place. The bartender was kind of a dick but whatever.  They have beer pong tables and a girl walks around selling $1 jello shots which I have never seen before so that was cool.  The patio was too small though so it was pretty crowded.  Fun place though.  Definitely a place you can find yourself easily shitfaced.
Food poisoning. Ate there last night and have been to the bathroom 20+ times since. I feel like garbage. Will not be eating here again.
They took away my favorite sandwich which forced me to try something different. Now it's just a sandwich shop. It's a good place to grab a quick good meal on the strip for a reasonable price, but nothing to go out of your way for.
Compared to L&L and aloha Hawaiian BBQ, I like ohana the best. Their daily specials are a cant beat deal. I also like their Chinese menu items. It's a nice change of pace sometimes. Loco moco is probably the best thing here.
Just got a small, pre-made chicken salad sandwich and a cup of chicken chili from the Fifth Avenue store, and paid over $9. You can get much better quality and value elsewhere in Pittsburgh.
This particular Starbucks is having difficulty managing how busy they are. Please HQ send a specialist to help with the looooong wait times. I've been at busier Starbucks before and they do a better job. The staff here is under trained and not your typical happy Starbucks employees. Disappointed for now.
only one thing would make this place better. if they didn't close at 9PM.
Wonderful vendors in our very own Lawrenceville neighborhood.  Doesn't get better than that.  Found a few treasures.  i wish they had these more often!
If you're expecting the Broken Egg experience as found in Destin, you'll be disappointed.  My eggs for eggs Benedict were overcooked, and the potatoes were straight from a bag in the freezer (unlike Destin where they were prepared in house).  Service was good and food was okay, but definitely not what I was expecting.
$4.25 for a slice?  No lunch specials either.  Mediocre service.  Bland pizza.  Nothing to great here.
Absolutely fantastic! My dryer quit working. He was right on time. He diagnosed and fixed it in about 10 min. Cleaned up his mess and the charge was as stated. Good old fashion service and dependability! He is absolutely, by far, the best!!!
The burger was great. Ordered to go. The bad is that the fries were very soggy and not crisp at all.
Little Artika is one of the best baby stores I have ever been in. The staff is warm, friendly, professional and know everything about all their products. They have everything you need for your baby and toddler, the latest and greatest! Shopping with them is like being with friends!
I like the buffet, but that's about it. The slots are tighter than a frog's asshole, and the place is smokier than hell.
Dr.  Penna by far is the best chiropractor I have ever seen here in Vegas. I've been seeing him over a year now and I can guarantee that you'll be just as much as a satisfied patient as I am
good customer service but overpriced low quality sushi.
The staff pretty much knows me by name here (especially since I work upstairs).  The food is great...and not so hard on the pocketbook either!  Love that they have healthy options!
I've eaten breakfast at Plaka every single Saturday for going on 4 years. Never gets old, never had a bad meal here, ever.\n\nGet the breakfast sandwich, best one in town.
My wife, son and I eat at this location atleast twice a month. Service is always great. The restaurant is always clean and well kept. Excellent food and a good price for what you get. I recommend this place to alot of people.
Went here for a friend's birthday a few weeks ago.... The staff is friendly and food was great. I had chicken pasta and the crab stuffed mushrooms and calamari. No complaints here...
The service was great and the food was decent. Liked the smoked sausage, the ribs were ok.
Great place, our meal was excellent and so was the service!!  For dinner we had the clam chowder fondue, truffled Mac and cheese and prawns stuffed with crab with KC style cut steak!
My business associates and I have been eating at Touch of Thai for at least 3 years.  Their friendly service and excellent food keep us coming back.  It's a great little restaraunt in North Phoenix.  Give it a try
A classic burger joint on the main - hard to beat / simple unpretentious little diner. Can't go wrong!
Bring back the old wings! Used to love this place but now they serve wings that are larger than life, might as well serve the whole chicken. No more deri-q. Sad face...\n\nOnly upside is that their corn cheese and kimchi fried rice are still tasty.
Disgusting.  Opened up with a long black hair in my water and followed up with a finger nail in the hummus...will not go there again.
Awesome service. Nails look great. I walked in and they were inviting and friendly instead of awkward like a lot of other nail salons. I would refer anyone to Emma's!
Good salad but it took way too long to get our meal.
A really fun experience with really good, forward-thinking food and menu. It didn't quite deliver on value, but I would definitely return to make sure.
We wait FOREVER for our food every time we come here, no matter what time of day, even if it's a take/out order. However, I love Denny's and their food but aim for a different location!
way overrated! bathroom in the kitchen, gross!  know what you're eating!  how much was the oj again?
The food is fresh and great and the price is right! For a nice sized girlies tilapia salad it is under $9. Really nice menu to eat good and healthy. I got the Asian salad add tilapia and I am very satisfied and I will be back.
Excellent tri-tip quesadilla and brisket.  Too-die-for sweet biscuits and honey butter.  Good chicken.  Steer clear of the sweet potato side dish and (what a waste of a) roasted artichoke.
I stayed at the Luxor Hotel and it is showing its age. The plumbing system was very noisey and the drapes were stained. The price is great for the strip however, I would rather pay more to have something nice.
Pretty good New York style pizza.  Open late night for some drunk eats on the southside.  They only had a couple basic topping options when we stopped in around 1am on a Friday, just wish they had a little bigger selection of single slices.
Eh...the food is ok.  Nothing to write home about and I've had better elsewhere. There really isn't anything compelling about Harold's that would make me want to go back again.
Great service but the food was bad and they messed up the bill double taxing us. The dumplings were good but the noodles with beef weren't. The beef was very chewy.
perfect breakfast spot with quality ingredients and reasonable prices.\n\ndefinitely enjoy my brunches here with my family.\n\nservice is fast and efficient and wait time is usually 20 minutes on busy mornings.\nwill definitely return!
I also meant to add that their desserts are heaven for a sugar lover! My favorites include the magic bars, lemon bars and cookies.
This place has neat gifts, bags and accessories and the atmosphere is unique. As far as clothing goes there isn't much of a selection.
I'm sorry but it was a miss... Went here for birthday celebration. Pretzel was tasteless & the cheese sauce was horrible. Everyone said their food was \" okay.\" Not sure if it was the server's first ever waitressing gig - but it was bad:(
great food and nice people! Miraz is a great host!
Well what can I say other than I paid $22 for the smallest split breast chicken I have ever seen. Not impressed thought Javier's would translate in Vegas from Oc but epic fail. We sat in the bar area and our server was out performed buy the bus boy. Sad to say because we love Javier's in Newport and irvine.
we live closer to tempemarketplace and fashion sqaure, however we always choose to come this theater. quiet, not over crowded, classic decor and very comfortable chair, close to lots of great restaurants(famous dave, cracker barrel).  feel like a private release for us sometimes!
Oh god, the crepes!! And everything else is wonderful, too! The patio is fantastic this time of year and they are very dog friendly :)
Is it just me or do you feel like your in the movie \"Addams Family\" I swear they meant to have the dealers blend into the back ground could be packed in the place and can't ever see the damn dealers. Change the poop brown uniforms.
Tried to call in & order food for delivery. Basically could not even complete the order, the lady was rude. Sorry to bother her with an order on her shift, I guess.
Wine great, service great but disgusting restrooms! Two nights in a row. \nThis is a nice place but do something with your standards for sanitation!!!!!!
Came here with a friend's dad a couple years ago. Just Wow.
Fun show. Some disturbing scenes. One of the performers, i believe lost a lot of weight or something (flabby arms... was kind of, disgusting in a way). Four main performers. Majority of crowd are in the 40+ age range. I believe my group was probably the youngest people there.
BEST chicken/pork/salmon katsu ever! It was so light and crispy! And melon ice cream float=refreshing!
Got gel manicure Saturday. It started peeling off today, Wednesday. I haven't done any activity to warrant this. Just my regular routine.
Quite good - nice flavors, wide choices of dishes, pretty well-stocked bar!\n\nA little empty and kind of stiff (the place, not the drinks) and I felt like I was at a business meeting. But other than the atmosphere - it was good.
Had lunch yesterday,delicious.  Very friendly staff and great value
Pizza was burnt and greasy. Passion bread was okay. Ordered take out hoping for a delicious NY style pizza and was severely disappointed. I won't be back.
Services are terrible.  I called at 10:27 pm the host stated they close at midnight but the dining room is close so I asked if I could order to go he stated he did not know and that the kitchen was about to close.  Very weird. But eaten here in the past and their service are terrible!
This place is a hidden treasure. I have visited quite a few times and have yet to be disappointed. The steak is delicious and the sides have great flavor. A great value for the quality of food.
Reminds me of a place back in Chicago me and my wife would eat at. Looking forward to the happy hour there, as the deals looked pretty good, and the food was excellent. Really liked it.
A fun place to go to try something new. The restaurant itself is cute and an experience in itself. The flavors were a little bland for my taste though.
We were looking for a late night dinner and remembered this restaurant.  We settled on sharing of shrimp in black bean sauce and chicken chow fun which were good, but nothing was exceptional.
It was good solid brunch food, but it's not really anything I'd crave again.
Always great service. Food very good. European portions. Pricey bit well worth it.
Mmmmm, the signature mama is so yummy!  I love that they deliver to my home too!
Nice place, good food and the server was attentive. The place was busy but not overly crowded. We enjoyed our meal.
All the people here are super nice. I really enjoy to have meal here. The price is  also really reasonable. Every dollar you spent here worth more then it.\nI would like to go there with my friends next time.
Standard take out and it's cheap. Service is fast and friendly. I go here when I'm too lazy to walk to Zaw's or pressed for time (I've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes).
This is my new regular place.  VERY friendly staff makes you feel welcome and is very attentive.  When they say spa day this is the kind of place I love to go to. Equipment is new and clean and staff is very professional. A+ to this new place I'm loving it!
Update: old homestead refunded my entire meal after previous post. Like I said before this restaurant WAS our favorite place to go in vegas.\n\nUpdate: they put the charge back on the card. I will definitely not be going back!
awesome burger and beer selection. so many options and different flavors that have me wanting to go again. only problem was the service. because there was a ton of people looking to eat, it took a bit to get everything.
Nice, clean, simple setup.  Limited seating.  Cakes are awsum!   Very fresh.  Even have eggless cakes.  Food is good as well.  Really like the panner panini.  Also other items are worth checking out,
Good neighborhood bar n grill.
Unfortunately Gennaro's is the latest restaurant to close in Chandler. \n\nhttp://www.azcentral.com/community/chandler/articles/2010/06/18/20100618chandler-gennaros-pizza-closes.html
This gas station is near my gym so I stop in to gas up and get a drink from time to time. \n\nThere aren't many gas pumps, and the card readers for the gas pumps are always out of order. The people that work there are nice and friendly at least!
Delicious pizza and very friendly staff
Its all about the Terrace, its huge , a great place to chill out and get away from the hussle and bussle of the city and relax. Dropped in here a few times for a large Pitcher of beers or two, definately worth a visit  when your in Montreal
Very good coffee. But I would skip the pastries and muffins. Not that great tasted stale.
I love it too much here! Only downside is that it's so good there's always a lot of people but the wait is definitely worth it. Must try!!
Eggs were undercooked and so was sausage.  Not worth the time and cab ride to get there from mgm
Great atmosphere for an early Friday night. My wife & daughter's  had a great time & the food was sufficient. Cool adult place for later.
One of my top favorite BBQ joints in Charlotte! The fish tacos are pretty tasty, too!
Grear find off the strip.\nWe started with the Poke Hi Big Eye Tuna, it was great, nice big pieces of tuna in a spicy marinade, with lots of onions.\nThe Namesake (sp) Udon was a hit with all of us.
I do appreciate that they are eco-friendly. Also, they are very busy around lunch time so the food is fresh. I get the burrito bowl which is plenty food to fill you up quickly because of all veggies beans and rice.
a cool little dive cheap drinks nice atmosphere and good people. you have to ring the bell outside by the door so the bartender can let you in.
One of the most incredible desserts I have ever come across.  The sugar waffle is so nice and moist, I had it topped with strawberries, bananas and vanilla bean ice cream.  It was such a satisfying sweet.  Best dessert in pittsburgh hand down.
I have been going here for years. LOVE the food. \n\nProblem; on our order made this week (delivery pizza & wings) our entire family AND extended family got food poisoning. (there is no way it was a bug, only people affected were those who ate chicken wings)
I needed a sweater rewoven and Lulu did an awesome job.  She was apologetic about being backed up wtih work, but I wasn't in a hurry. Pricing is very reasonable and she is very competent with her work.  I would highly recommend this business.
I had the chopped salad and a few slices at the Bar. The salad was great it would have been better if I would have gotten no hot peppers. The forager slice was good and the plain slice was a little better. I cant give this anything higher then 3 stars, although it might be some of the best pizza in Vegas.
Went to this place for an early dinner with my boyfriend before we left Montreal. Service was excellent. I like my steak medium well and it was cooked exquisitely with angus beef. Beans were good cooked. Fries were a little small but still OK. We came for steaks and they gave to us!
Well it lived up to its name. My salad was very salty. Food is mediocre and so were the margaritas. I will drive to cave creek for my mexican food because you can't beat El Encanto.
La Paloma catered a company meeting, and we were very satisfied with the food, good tasting and there was a LOT of it!! I worked with Lupe and Maria to come up with a mix of dishes to everyone's taste and the meeting was a success, with everyone lining up for seconds. We will be back!!
I friggin love the Chencho fries!! This place is amazing & cheap.\nThe Hawaian BOYger is dank too. Must try when visiting Vegas.
Impersonal and awful. This is my first pregnancy, and I will be switching doctors ASAP. They have lost test results, never know anything about me and I consistently wait a minimum of 30 minutes past my appointment time.
Had a flat and went to a Big O Tires to get it fix. Front desk manager Pat was great and replace my tire and had me out the door in under 15 minutes. Great job and great crew.
It's quite simple. The food is great! The service is slow! And 98.9% of the time they will get your order wrong!
I went there thinking that it would be just like Hometown Buffet...BIG MISTAKE!!! The food was old and the salad bar looked used and abused.NEVER AGIAN!!!
come to the cheapest local buffet for thanksgiving or close to it if you have a rewards card it is 10.99 13.99 i think without
when a company refused to give out their list of ingredients and lies to the customer as to what is in the yogurt, it is called deceit.  Please be weary as this place does not use all natural ingredients and their sugar free flavors have tons of sugar in them.  Buyer Beware
Fuck this airport. TPA represent!
First time at Blue Sky and wow what a great experience!  Have used the spotted one many times before but they do not compare to Blue Sky!  Coming from Scottsdale it is the easiest and fastest way to park at the airport.  All employees are awesome- total customer friendly experience. Nice Job Blue Sky!
Service is sooooo slow! It took 30 minutes to get a sandwich and a hotdog. I should have listened to the previous reviews and the man in front of me asking where is his food was for the third time. The food was just okay. I wouldn't recommend.
Great service & food with the best part being the place was nearly spotless!
Was excited to go back... Not sure if ownership changed w name... But tried camelback location and original since 1st review... Just NOT the same.  Sad was so amazing... Disappointing when not consistent
Just got back from a trip to Germany. I can honestly say Cafe Berlin's Jagerschnitzel is better then most in Deutschland. Their curry wurst is the most authentic I've had in the state. Even if you have never had german food you'll like Cafe Berlin.
Best gelato I've ever had! There isn't a flavor  that I  didn't love and what a selection. The staff and owners are very friendly and always introducing you to new flavors. The espresso and milk shakes are yummy,too.
What a hole in wall !!! .....Allegheny Health Dept should close them just for the reason of their bathrooms.........OMG.....f@#k'n NASTY!!!!
Weird western looking bar that does metal and local rock shows. Good drinks, and what looks like good food. Pretty nice inside, but entered from the alley on the inside of a trailer park, you might wanna watch it. Once you're in who cares. Order a drink. I saw a pregnant girl eating ice cream outside...
My family LOVED this place! The falafel pita and plate were amazing. Quick service and delicious food. We will definitely be coming back here!
Tasty espresso but wasn't quite as smooth as some Italian blends
Everything was big and delicious should come here.   Had the BLT and my wife had the Chicken pot pie. Beautiful presentation! Reasonable prices and huge portions. Will definitely come back!
They did a great job on the carpets!!!  Technician was Brett, he was fast and my carpets look awesome!!  Brett was helpful, on time, he did a great job, spots and heavy traffic areas are gone!!  I would recommend them if you need your carpets cleaned.
Meh. Again. Much like the rest of the Rio... Not terrible food. Not the best. Overpriced. Decent service. \n\n...and that's about it.
wings are good and sweet potatoes fries. the rest of the food is dry and the staff is rude. if you have a gift certificate they selectively decide when it's valid. will never go back
have been dining here recently and this place is amazing the moist brisket is the way to go. also do not pass up the chocolate pudding on the way and its to die for. I just recently found out they have really cheap breakfast burritos which are also amazing this place rocks! Def try it out
The bacon-wrapped dates are TDF. \n\nIm going to put this place on my STD.\n\nYou better RSVP cause this place is OTC (off the chain)
They no longer have 99 cent day. Now there is a a savers club card you can get and on certain sale days ( usually Thursday ) you can get a discount on some items.
Visited on vacation and wasn't really impressed. Although there is a large beer selection, the service lacked and the food was less than special. We had 2 beers and an appetizer platter on our tab and it was $38. For how many choices there are in Vegas, look elsewhere.
This is a great branch and location but there are always a ton of screaming kids there. I miss the days when librarians would shush people.
Bomb sandwiches and fresh baked bread!
There is a long wait but it is well worth it. I ordered the jalape\u00f1o poppers, pork burger, and the truffle Parmesan fries. Everything was absolutely amazing. Definitely some if the best food I've ever had. Finish everything off with an Oreo Shake!
Wasn't impressed with this Fox restaurant. \nSearch dinnerSlut for complete review. Read BAD TRIP, a one heart review before you waste your time and money. Check out all my reviews.
The food is great but portions are really small, even for tapas. Come for the great wine and tastes but expect to be ready for a burger when you leave.
I live 5 minutes away, food took 1.5 hours to get here. Generals chicken was sub par at best.. Everything else wasn't. No thank you
Us airways has horrible customer support. Airport is older and needs to be modernized. Their are power cords but you have to know how to find them. All that being said 3 stars for free and fast wifi.
Compare to others in this area it has good buffet...I would say next to saffron this is good..
Highly recommend their Sunday Simple Super.  We accidentally stumbled upon this place and was very impressed.  Food is absolutely amazing and will back.
I thought the location move would help this pizza hut.  I was wrong it takes an hour and 30 min to get food and its cold. How does it stay open?
Gas is expensive but where can you find cheap gas now a days. Great customer service with everyone that works there. Will talk and chat and if they know you they tend to know what you want. Great place.
Great buffet.  The options were were plenty, food was fresh and authentic.  Would definitely go back.
never a full cocktail.
You really need to try's this place. Great sandwiches, a hot dog/sausage cart, and friendly service!
I had the beef dog with Italian beef all on one bun as I understand this is a trademark dish. I wasn't terribly impressed and will likely return to try some different things on the menu. Had good flavorS, I just may have ordered the wrong thing for my taste buds that day.
Laura, the best brow lady in Scottsdale, is no longer working at The Brow Lady... their loss!  Just wanted to update my review here since it was all about Laura before.  I'll be following her to where ever she goes for sure.  Stay tuned for a new review soon.
i have never really had filipino food, unless jolibee counts. so i still don't know the names of the food but oh man it was really delicious! the service was also really cool felt welcomed and it wasn't busy
Great place to get your lashes done, especially if it's your first time (like me). They have the comfiest seats and attractive lounge. All in all it's very relaxing and the outcome is great, got mine done by Yna and they're all very friendly.
Not coming back. Not appreciative, couldn't wait to rush me out. Did a terrible job. Quickly.
If it is not allowed for people to park in the handicap parking lot, why is it okay for people to sit on a handicap seats.. And there are tons of open seats out there...
Best damn burger joint ever! Say hi to Kristina Winer. You can't order anything bad from this place. Be adventurous. Try anything.
Je suis un mauvais perdant. I am a sore loser.
The service was very friendly and our hibachi chef was very personable and put on a good show. The food while generously portioned lacked a little in seasonings and flavor that would of bumped this review up a star. Unfortunately we won't be returning, since we like a couple other hibachi places better.
My daughter's favorite!  Healthy food served here without a healthy price.  I eat there often and will continue to do so.
Great service! Not to mention the delicious food! Johnnys specials are one of a kind. Would recommend for a great time!!
Was looking for a noodle place in phoenix and found Cherryblossom. It was fantastic! Definitely the place to go for ramen and udon. Hidden gem.
You know Alexander it's a chain so it you like it its pretty much the same everywhere.  Service was decent the waiter she was nice and i have to say that the rib was pretty good and juicy.  So i do recommend this place if  you are in the area..they also have fish but I didn't try it.
The worst chippy in the world. Ever. Fact.
No fresh ingredients at all. Mushrooms are obviously canned. How someone could rate a burger place high that doesn't do cook to order burgers is ridiculous. Might as well go to McDONALD'S.  Fries are terrible too
YUM.  I popped in here for a quick breakfast sandwich, and it was incredibly good & affordable.  Hoping to return to try some of the other food items, but that toasted cheese bagel with ham, cheese, and egg was delicious.
The place stinks of smoke like when it was the Imperial. The rooms are tiny. The WIFI works about half the time or less. The casino area is small, the only saving grace is the staff are attentive.\nThe bars and restaurants on the walk way are all nice.
I got a lychee green tea with bubbles. I was hoping there would be a vegan taro flavored option, but the selection was limited for vegans. My tea was a bit too sweet, but the bubbles were awesome. They were perfectly soft and chewy. Friendly staff.
that was likely the cleanest, healthiest gyro i've ever eaten (for better or worse). and the falafel balls were crunch crunch yum. i thank my phoenix native roommate for the suggestion - it was spot on what we wanted.
I have not had any problems at this Vet clinic and have heard others say good things about Dr. Montana.  I have always been treated with respect here.  They do not try and get every dollar out of you that they can like at other places.
Great customer service and large inventory of new and used games and systems. Highly recommend!
the breakfast quesadilla is the best breakfast I've ever had.
Beautiful environment.  Seats are comfortable.  Movies are a little more expensive but so worth it.  The negatives are the food is lackluster and expensive for how bad it is.  The popcorn is so gnarly!
This is a really nice place but housekeeping needs to take better care of the rooms. The first two nights the room was not as clean as it should have been and the cleaning person on the third night did a really good job. Other than that, staff was great and resort is beautiful. Plus it doesn't charge for parking.
Every time we call this place they have to decide if they want to deliver. and thus now your food sucks.
The margarita was a very small drink, not worth the $14.  The food is a la carte so you have to buy rice and beans separately. No chips and salsa when you arrive, but you may purchase them. The food was tasty though, so I'll give them that.
I had a problem with a less than two-year old #Maytag. It took several tries to figure out what went wrong. Vlad never lost his temper and was always quick to return until we resolved the problem. I recommend him to my friends, and they are always happy with him, too. Thanks, Vlad!
I went with wife and infant baby. It was what I expected from a sports bar but it can use some updating on the furnitue, layout, and menus. Lots of choices on food and a full bar; I'd go again but only because I live close by.
Dont bother. It once was a good place. But I was so dissapointed.  Why waste the money opening a new and or new place and foget the food. No regard to detail. Did you forget that you sell food FOOD for a living.
AMAZING! I loved everything about it
very solid. great cocktails, especially if you like tequila (i do). tasty nuevo latino treats. duck empenadas (if i remember right) were ridiculously good. casual but upscale, with attentive bar service. fun.
This place is awesome. Very creative and great quality food. Pork belly tacos are one of the best things I've ever eaten. The flatbread is awesome too.
Cleanest Vape Store in Vegas. Great customer service. Nice selection of flavors. Reasonable prices.
Had the pecan pesto chicken sandwich, the meat was so bland! The worse was spending $10 on that ..came w some cold fries, we ordered fried zucchini nothing special about it
Sigh.  This place was boring 15 years ago, and it's still boring.  Do they EVER get different inventory?  I don't even like going in there to look around anymore because of the creepy salesman watching me. Oh, and their return policy is a big turn-off too.
La la lovvvve their malasadas and garlic chicken!!! The one and only place that serves authentic Hawaiian food that actually tastes like it's from home. (aside from the Cal).
One of my stand by shops. A tad too expensive & the counter help is always frosty at best. I always feel relieved to egress post haste.
I've thought about fast food pizza and Dominos was always one I considered fast good; that being said I was wrong. Their pizza was really impressive. Make sure you get the thin crust xtra sauce and you have some really good pizza! Thanks Dominos!
Service is very slow and every time I've been here there's only 2 cashiers MAX, usually just one. Although, IF you CAN get one on one service they are friendly and helpful.
Great smoothies and juices. Not everything on the menu is totally \"healthy\" so the non-healthnuts will enjoy from their selection also. I have gotten chicken sandwiches and wraps and soup their as well. I'll definitely go back again.
The food was all really good and they have a lot of variety. I really liked my cheesesteak. The only reason I gave them four stars was because they do it all you can eat crab leg buffet and I can't Stand the smell of fish.
Good food, good people, good place.
I love the layout and ambiance of this place. The \"outdoor\" bar is very cool with pool tables, darts and t.v.'s. Inside it seems a little outdated, but comfy. The food is good and the crowds are fun. Karaoke night here is the best entertainment around.
Save your money. The food here is way over priced and not worth it. 4 dollars extra to add a piece of chicken the texture of shoe leather to a brown at the edges salad. I remembered why I hadn't ate here in years despite working at the Venetian often. I had a sandwich last time and was similarly disappointed.
Super yummy Roma pizza- glad I made the trip. Arugula salad a little underdressed, chopped salad was wonderful. Probably could have staffed up for a Saturday night but staff was friendly and efficient. Will definitely be back.
Worst service I've ever had in my life! Horrible and unprofessional. Don't bother here!!
I heard this is called the Sh*take factory. Thats accurate
Best Chinese food in town...
Not the hype that was advertised, the view was okay but just another Vegas attraction to suck money. would be cool for a romantic setting if offered a dining experience or something similar.
Service is great. Food is average. Outside seating is lovely when the weather is nice however, watch out for the bumble bees hovering over the Wisteria and buzzing around your tables. Their crab dip tastes great but it is heavy and the ratio is a bit off... not a lot of dip for the amount of bread they give you.
I didn't care too much for this place. I was a bit disappointed because I thought they were going to be delicious but their meat is not tender at all. \n\nTheir baked beans were good, and the staff was super sweet! Its a nice family restaurant though, but I've had better BBQ!
We had a great time. \n\nWe had a long day and were all tired. If we did not have tickets we would have gone to bed (well if we were not in Vegas). Then the show started and we all woke up laughed a lot and were happy we went. Great time for everyone. Highly recommend.
If I could make it a ZERO i would!!!!
Most definitely, I'm a fan of this joint. There are fabulous, high-quality displays of glass art, and they offer lots of learning opportunities if you want to make your own glass art or functional glass pieces. Plus, on gallery crawl nights (First Friday of every month!) they have snacks galore.
Inside is icky, however the food was pretty good. It was my first gyro and I enjoyed it. The price right and the service is fast. I went during lunch hour and was out in less the 5 minutes.
Good wings and sandwiches.  Menu is smaller than when the opened a few years ago. Great atmosphere.  Definitely recommended in the summer to sit outside on the deck. Drinks etc are nothing to write home about.
Ugh. I'm so sad. There is nothing fresh that comes out of their frozen drinks. If I want juice blended with ice I can do that at home. And save myself 4 bucks.
Quick, easy, yummy takeout. Try the veggie lo mein...
Too small, too crowded. The kicker? One of my girls couldn't get in because she was carrying her Epi-Pen in her purse. Bouncer said she couldn't bring it in. Tried to explain that she would die without it; bouncer didn't believe her. Unbelievable!!!
Not as bad as i was anticipating for a buffet. We had free vouchers so for that price you cant beat it! Inly thing is they should have free wine or beer!
They do good work but be aware that they do charge extra for weekend and afterhour calls.One of the sites I looked at said they had no extra charge for afterhour calls(like many now offer)but their rate is $30 more for the trip and higher rates for the repair.Just FYI
In all honesty, the food was pretty good. But this doesn't overshadow the fact that the service was among the worst I've ever had. They \"lost\" my reservation, attempted to overcharge, and were super super slow. If I could give this place less than one star I would. Beware.
rock stars went in here and got a rude greeting so i just left there problem who do you know that close a tattoo show at 5 pm
Awesome staff that took the time to educate and walk me through the entire process. I will definitely recommend to friends and family.
It was alright! Ended up with a person who was new and not very experienced. Did a OK job. Still nice place.
what can I say this place has the worse Chinese food I have ever had the chicken had a funny taste and left a nasty after taste in your mouth the egg drop soup was bland as was the wonton soup. I gave 1 star only due to the egg rolls they were edible at least.  Go across the street there food is so much better!
Such a great deal, and the service is amazing! Definitely try as much of the menu as possible because they all taste good. You can even order half rolls so that you can try more variety. Delicious. I would recommend this place to anyone!
Burger patty was tough, dry, and lacked flavor.  Tater tots with egg and cheese were excellent.  The atmosphere is great,  however the burger left me disappointed.
I had some plumbing issues at my house and had to spend a few nights in a hotel. This hotel was just fine. I have no real complaints or compliments about it.
If the food is marginal you would at least expect the service to be exceptional. It isn't. \n\nI'll put up with decent service for great food or decent food for great service, but when you don't get either one what's the point in going?
THE BEST. A must stop when in the area. Quality ingredients and service! Wish they had shops where we live!
bad service, bad food. Everything was so bland. Dont go here. Everything is expensive too.
This place is seriously in need of better management!  Waited in line for hours to pay; they could have hired more help to clean up the tables..... I have been here several times and will not return again.
I went here last year, and although I got a larger refund than I expected, I thought the $160 they charged me for a relatively simple return was excessive! (I'm single female, with grown children, not a homeowner...seriously how easier could it be.) I won't go back this year.
Good food, good service and I didn't have to wait long for food. Will be back next time I am in the neighborhood.
Really great place to hang out. I just feel happy whenever I'm here. Could be the great lunches (tomato cheese sandwich is great, and the grilled cheeses as well), the live music in the background, great fresh juices and coffee....A great place to come and spend time.
The ice cream is great, the rib eye tacos and burritos are good, the tortas are ehhhh.
The property is not maintained well.  The bathrooms are completely gross.  Three separate companies have operated the theater in the last six years  so I guess they have to cut costs.  Service is what you would expect for a theater...  At least they have Red Vines.
The prices are great, two hot dogs and a drink for 5$! You must try the banana daiquiri, they make it delicious! Only problem is the local is quite small and there are no seats, but you can take a little walk and have your meal at Phoenix!
one of the best workouts ever! it's difficult, but fun and i always leave feeling better than when i arrived.
I def miss the old place.  They pack the patrons in here like it's NYC; yet completely ill-equipped to handle big crowds.  45 min wait for a crepe?!?  Really?
I was here July 5th. The chocolate chip and bacon waffle was so good I am trying to find a substitute here in Los Angeles. \nThe patio overlooks the strip and is great for observing the activity on the street. Our waiter was very nice.
I have been to this restaurant many times and several have been bad experiences with the server. They need to find someone who cares about the service they provide to the customer! I won't be going back again... I think I have given them enough chances. Also if the menu says you have domestic beer, have it stocked.
New casino, nice decor, fresh smell, and located on the strip.  Always nice to see something new or different when going to vegas. They have brown carpet for their crap tables and they have like 12 crap tables!!!
Don't believe the hype.  Nothing like the L.A. Pink's very disappointing
Awesome combination of burgers and sushi! First time I got a bento box with a burger slider, sweet potato fries, and sushi ... super yummy. Give it a try!
Not Roberto's anymore (Maria's Taco Shop now?)... probably because they got their franchise pulled.\n\nAvoid.
It was good when they first opened. But I recently went to Raising Canes the chicken was ok, the fries were soggy and the sweet tea taste like it was sitting out for too long... it was beyond gross... the best thing about the meal was the bread and the sauce... I was really disappointed
Sandwich wasn't that great. Pork has some tangy sauce like horseradish. Steak was ok, bland taste. Egg sandwich was good.
No, No, No.\nI was expecting far better. While the service was better than the meal, I must say all I was, was disappointed. Tinoco's has become similar to a diner, with better than the average diner's pasta.
Just called this location to find out if the new location on Flamingo and Decatur was open yet.  The Lady who answered the phone was so rude. I asked if the location was open yet she said \"yes\" and hung up on me.  If you don't like working with the public QUIT!!
Food was phenomenal! I am from the eastern sea board and my fiance is from the Great Lakes area so we know good sea food. What a find in Gilbert.
Back to Pepboys with our other van. As always, Matt was terrific.  Saved over $250 with our 10% off coupon and $130 in Rewards!  Nathan checked us out quickly. I miss Dustin. Great job boys.
I stopped in for lunch with some business associates.  It didn't take me long to remember why I stay away from these crappy chains.  Food was okay at best, service was slow, it was loud and uncomfortable, and the prices say that I paid for the \"experience\".  Meh.... never again.
This is the worst pizza place ever. They were rude when we called to complain and didn't want to make anything better. Chuck e cheese and frozen pizzas are better than their tasteless awful cardboard pizzas.
I am a big fan of Marriott and this one did not disappoint.  The concierge lounge was nice as usual.  The room was in good order and clean and relatively new.  I used to live in Charlotte so this is new for me staying here.  This hotel is convenient to many restaurants in the SouthPark area.
Ice cream here is nothing special.  They make the ice cream with 1/2 gelato and 1/2 ice cream. Overpriced in my opinion. Decor is lacking.
Juan's has the best bean burritos! \nFreindly, clean & independant.
i'm over the bad cocktail service espisode & have had good service since.  i come here every vegas visit for the afternoon $3 craps table minimums, hot/fun go go dancers & tunes after 5pm, & often lucky rollers. i like the stickmen/dealers.
My regular gym, tried others but they don't compare. Few people mingle too much, but most are focused on their workout
Worst pedicure, ever...see pictures...\n\nAnd, my nails are the same. Told her to \"even the length\", and they're far from even ...cuticles are chopped.\n\nReally a bad experience.
This is another store that is so dated. There is nothing unique at all about this store. In fact, the majority of the items in there could be found in Urban Outfitters. The store is dated, its contents are boring and juvenile. Fake vomit and fart books? Time is certainly passing Madison, WI by.
Very cute lil park... kinda small with narrow walking paths.
I once got a fortune cookie with no fortune in it.\n\nThere were two ways to interpret this:\n\n1) I had no fortune (true at the time)\nor\n2) \"Nothing\"....in bed (also true at the time).
Okay so update! I'm never giving any of my money to dos ever again after a less than desirable encounter with the bouncers. \n\n\nGotta do the only thing I can, let my money do the talking. I will enjoy a corona in a more friendly atmosphere. Maybe loco patron?
Nothing ultra bad about this Brazilian steakhouse...just nothing great when compared to other Brazilian Steakhouses in town.  A strong 2 stars or week 3 stars for me.
They called us to come At 2.we waited more than an hour for the assistance .wtf.we made a reservation before.bad service
I would recommend this salon to anyone. Nice facility in Scottsdale. Professional and friendly staff. I have been using Brent as my hair dresser for a year and now I won't go to anyone else. It's nice to have a hair dresser that you can trust to listen to you and be on his A game every time! Thanks Brent!
Terrible customer service. Waited about an hour just to get a normal car wash I don't understand. There is no reason a car wash to take that just just to be normal. Didn't even clean the inside good
I had a really nice waiter and the food were great! The waiter helped me choose an entree by describing what was in it. He made it sound really good and I ended up getting it. Taste magnificent!
This is my new favorite restaurant/buffet. I want for breakfast buffet. The price includes drinks and steak. Love the steak, it was very tender and delicious.
They were extremely patient with my very shy Havanese who i adopted and was terrified.  We are working together so that he feels more and more comfortable.  They did a lovely job on my dogs.
Wow!!!! Beautiful stadium. We came here for a few Giants games and had a great time.  They had a good selection of places to eat and the staff was friendly.  See ya next year.
This place has the absolute best bean and cheese burrito the mixture is amazing it is it!
Not recommended at all.\nWorst place to go for Eye Exam.\nIt took us about same time as going to Emergency room in the hospital.\nNo point of taking appointment,they make you wait for hours.
Good spaghetti.  I like to take it home and enjoy it there.
Not bad, but no great shakes.  The \"large\" pulled pork sandwich was hefty, but kinda bland.  Lots of sauce helped.  Sweet potato fries were underdone and way too cinnamon-sugared.  Service was indifferent.  You can get better barbecue in plenty of places in Phoenix.
Chef's Special made me call the chef to our table to thank him personally!
I love this library. The staff is super friendly and the large kid area is a zero cost method for the kiddos to have a blast!  Peoria also has these cultural passes at the front which gives you 2 free tickets to popular area attractions. Great way to spend quality family time without wasting away money!
Nice place but DO NOT take an apartment facing South Blvd. Extremely loud music from local bars until 2-3 am Thursday through Saturday
Love this salon!! Ross is the best!! My hair always looks amazing!!!
never had hawaiin food before, wasn't sure what to expect. It was good! atmosphere was lousy.\n\ntransfriendly - i guess it was way to busy for anyone to even notice
Living in california it was easy to find. Just far enough from the shopping areas. Food was good. Not as good as the orginal in Los Angeles. Overall Not bad, not even crowded for being lunch time and the hospital is even right next door:-)
Clean, neat, and has everything! \n\nThis is the only gas station in the area with Chevron gas, a car wash, free air and vacuum, and propane refills... Plus you can get beer growlers! What's not to like?!
They deliver breakfast to my house. Breakfast!! Who does that? And you can order food online! Why should I ever eat dominos again?
Cowboy burger and sweet potato fries tasty, but not really outstanding. Service somewhat slow. Too much noise. \n\nPrices rather ridiculous. Burger $12. Fries $5. Soft drink $3.50. Over $25 with tip. All food in Mirage way over-priced.
The very best toasted sandwich I have ever had in my life. AMAZING and the price was right too. It was only $5. Get up right now and go there...
Stopped ordering here because no matter how many times you repeat the order, the girl will mess it up somehow. After the third time we just gave up, sent the order back and went to metro pizza instead. The food is ok for the most part.
You notice right away how clean and fresh this place is.  Staffed by family members which made it feel very safe and friendly. Plenty of reasonably priced detergents etc. in the vending machines was convenient and plenty of parking too...fluff and fold was available,  I would use tlc again.
Just went for a quick app and drink for happy hour.. 4 soggy on the outside and dried out on the inside chicken wings for 6$(I know that cheap) but not good either way!! Our side of fries were forgotten as well good thing they weren't on the check. I won't be visiting again.
We were told it would be twenty minute wait. It was an hour. Food is fine but they need to be more up front on the wait time. It got better, there was food stuck to the menu and one of our party was served tea in a glass with a crack.
I really like this library, and the kids area, which is upstairs and great.  Nice play area for little ones, and their story time- well there's a bridge connecting to the 2nd level and connects to a room where their story time is held.  I love it.  Give kids their own space.
Prices are higher now but the quality of the food is still superb. I love the seafood cocktail and the fillet relleno(don't think I spelled it right.) It's very delicious and highly recommended. Food is 5 star. One star removal for the prices but I always go. Lol.
I like the outdoor patio and people watching. Service was good, fish tacos were good, sides were uneatable.
Pretty boring inside and out, looks like a doctors office. The food is ok but every time I go it takes forever to come out. The wings are very small but good. Go here if you're into paying regular price for very small wings that look like they came from a bat or a bird not a chicken.
Love love love yummmmmmmm!   My favorite burger place ever!
Decent service; the people were nice but $70 for 7 shirts and 1 pair of pants is just obscene - don't waste your money, there are other dry cleaners who will do just as good of a job for half the price.
Ordered dim sum for take out. When I arrived, two of three items were unavailable. I asked for two other substitute items. Also unavailable. Why did you even take my order when you are out of what I asked for?!? Next time, save me a trip.
Shopping at Chanel Wynn is for me, like coming home.\n\nI have amassed quite a collection from Chanel over the past few years and each one is dear to me.\n\nI love this store!
Soft, made to order bagels. Great low-fat smoothies. Staff is always nice and patient with my gazillion order changes. There's so many great choices! They also have texting sign-ups and I get free coffee and bagels with my orders all the time.
Can driver just finished his 5 minute rant about how we are inconveniencing him by making him go North rather than South...and how we didn't signal him correctly. Ummm...sorry?!?!? \nCrazy bad service, rude driver, nonsense.
Baker is my first go-to place when I'm looking to add to my gardens. Tons of natives, cacti, herbs and etc fill their property & I can always find what I need. They also have experts and some special shows on occasion which are very interesting to see.
recently visited family in vegas and had the pleasure of grubbin' on some naka-ness.  food is off the chain.  eat here, you won't be disappointed!  i'll most definitely be back when i hit vegas again :) thank you naka!
Pretty good overall. Husbands meatloaf was very good, barbecue sauce was overpowering. The veggies and mashed potatoes were excellent. \nThe chicken and mushroom crepe was ok, not great. The side salad was beautiful. The service was very attentive. Nice addition to the neighborhood.
Had a fabulous time looking around!  Wonderful staff and unique items!
They were great and helpful.  We had our youth soccer shirts done here. They got the shirts to me on time and exactly how I wanted them to be. Very affordable and would definitely recommend them.
Delicious sandwiches, had to take off a star for service. The person making my sandwich kept messing up, but other than that great quality sandwiches.
I just moved to the area & this place is a Great Little Spot. Very quaint & cute. We had both fried & fresh pork spring rolls & the beef sliced pho. DELICIOUS. Our waitress Ashley was extremely nice as well. Definitely a place I will be returning to.
Yes my cheesesteak eventually did arrive. The best way to describe it is it was....underwhelming to say the least. Like I said previously, never again.
Great sports bar in the area with good food, service, and drafts. You are literally surrounded by TVs & can watch the game from every seat. The chipotle raspberry wings were really good, but the hot wings weren't all that impressive. Beef nachos were also good.
If you're looking for a huge serving of Mexican pastries/donuts with enormous layers of chocolate frosting, look no further.  If however, you're looking for a healthy vegetarian/vegan sandwich you may find better luck elsewhere.  If you enjoy eggs but no meat, give their Eggs la Mexicana a shot.
I went to this business earlier today and left disappointed. The location wasn't very clean and it took over 15 minutes to get my smoothie. On top of that 3 other people got their smoothie before they started making mine, even though they ordered afterwards. I recommend avoiding this location in the future.
Good basic sushi.  Not alot of selection to choose from.  Good place if you just have a quick sushi craving.  However there are much better sushi places in Charlotte that will give you more selection and more for your money.  Nice atmosphere on the lake- making it a good date spot- especially during warm months.
Everyone here is great!!!!!!! Could not ask for more perfect artists to style my hair.
Absolutely the worst Customer Service not only the letter carriers (Rich) who spews racial hate but the lack of attention to their customers from a managers stand point! They do not return phone calls or emails. \nTry another post office like the one on St. Rose and Seven Hills those employees smile and are happy to do their jobs!
Oh. My. Gosh. Some of the best Italian food I've ever had (and I'm Italian). The fettuccine Toscana (with chicken and artichoke hearts) is PHENOMENAL. Highly recommend!!
Presentation was what made it nice, each dish in its own little pot, pan or dish made it really fun & different but the food itself was just ok.  But the dessert bar was the thing that redeems this place for me to try it again.
Still great!
I came here with a party of 40 very hungry Pitt students. The food was amazing. We had roasted beef, chicken, and pasta. The management was lovely and really involved during any party issues. The staff was also very kind and able to keep everyone's glass full, despite our camel like drinking habits. Thank you!
Warning do not move into this place!!! Very unprofessional and always changing staff! Will charge you for everything they can! I would never live in any of the ovation properties again!
Full of overpriced shops that think they are on Fifth Ave in New York not a sleazy Las Vegas Blvd in a area built with losers money. This is just a Simon Property Mall like in bumfuck USA
Looking for a good lunch, try this place.\nExcellent service, good menu selection, very reasonable prices.\nLiked the flat bread pizza, just right.\nWait staff checked our table regularly. \nWill go here first on next visit to Casa Grande.
Everthing was wonderful!  Great wraps, sweet potato chips & service.  Loved sitting on the patio, too!
This place has mad potential! Who would like to see a hip hop/dance night here on Saturday nights with a love dj? lemme know! Cuz I can bring it!
Chris was awesome I requested to get on the Guest List at 9 pm and he had me on the Guest List within minutes. He is the Go To Guy for Las Vegas Adventures and Lifetime Memories.
Really good food and excellent service both times we went. I highly recommend this place. It also has excellent atmosphere.
Food seemed to be good , way overpriced but good; not bad if you have nowhere else to go and don't want to leave the hotel.
I had the free range chicken, which was ok.  Although it was very tender, I thought there was going to be more flavor.  The bar cheese bread was good.  The mussles were delicious.  The cheesecake was probably my favorite here.
As far as Pet Smart go, this is a pretty good one
Delish!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Everything was AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My favorite sports bar on the strip. Love the staff! Everyone is friendly and attentive!
Great service!!! Friendly staff    : :) food bit pricey not that filling, o burger not cooked correctly, dont know what the hype is!! I rather go the Habiat Burger!
Went in with my girlfriend  and she was looking to get a trim after waiting about 30 minutes they tell us they don't cut extensions...why didn't they tell us that before waiting 30 minutes.....? Ok...
Being from Chicago this place is the closest we can get back home style food. Love their deep dish and da beef samiches!
Amazing tour with a guide that was very knowledgeable and entertaining. The prize of the 90 Minute tour was a bit steep but well worth it after the fact. I will be back for the shelter tour.
The service is so slow it's ridiculous.  It can take 20-30 minutes for a cup.  It's an okay product but the service is unbearable.
There is no question I would go back! Staff were very nice, sushi was great, fresh and creative. For a low key night in the\nMonkland village this is a great sushi place!
One of my favorite places to eat.   Zucchini Pancakes are awesome!!!  We mostly eat breakfast here but I'm sure lunch and dinner are just as good.
it rocked!!! Their version of a BLT was out if this world from the bread to the avacado oh my. a might messy to EAT but well worth the post eats hand scrubbing
Been there twice to learn about their XBox and games.  Stood there for several minutes, no one acknowledged me, asked to help me, either time.  But both times someone younger showed up and within seconds they were acknowledge and helped.
For a fast food place, they have very good fish tacos here. Try the fish burrito, I know it doesn't sound very good but trust me it is excellent. They have menus that tell you the nutritional value of every meal they make.
I have been getting my haircut here almost  2 years. The best hair persons I like going too, are Beatrice and Lala! They are both great! They really take their time on cutting your hair.  Thank You Ladies!
Kinda old and dirty hotel/casino. Receptionists were less than helpful. Room was nice and large though.
They are all extremely kind and do amazing work. Very impressed at the quality of service and work: I will continue to bring my car here if anything is wrong with it!
Exceptional experience at this discount tire. Patrick was excellent and extremely helpful and knowledgable. I've had some mediocre experiences at other discount tire stores but each experience here has been top notch. Everyone has been in a good mood and you can tell they enjoy being there. Thanks for all of your help!
1 star for outside seating cause the weather was great and people watching.\n1 star for the pickle fries.\n\nthat's it.\n\nThe burger I ordered was nothing to rant or rave about. I don't even really remembered what burger I ordered.
Average at best, the wings are better than the  pizza.  Don't bother with the Extreme Cheese and Pepperoni, it's just a Pepperoni pizza, save the extra few bucks, you'll need it for the delivery charge.
If you're looking for a wide variety of cacti, you must visit Jackrabbit Nursery. Beautiful plants and a very helpful staff. Everything I buy from them blooms. I could not be happier. Do yourself a favor and visit Jackrabbit Nursery!
The new City Center is what I like about \"New\" Vegas. The Cosmopolitan, Area and Vdara are amazing. The shops are great as well. The only thing I don't like is the lack of parking--you have to valet for just about everywhere.
All the dishes are so well presented. I am a fan of Maiko Sushi the fish is fresh,the service is nice. The private room is great for parties of group gatherings. Great place. Great sushi
Food was not bad (I ordered the green curry chicken), but their poor choice of plates and cups (tea cups were like diner coffee mugs) didn't feel very authentic. I would order for take out instead next time.
Always enjoy the Burger Bar.  Before all the high-end burger places in Las Vegas, Burger Bar was the original.  What I especially like are their onion rings and milkshakes!
Everything I ordered from here was delicious.  Our waiter was awesome too bad I forgot his name.  Tapas are the way to go if you don't feel like having a big meal before you head out to a show or club.
This groomer is awsome. I bring my 3 dogs there. I love the doggy day care my dogs get to socialize and play is a safe supervised enviroment.
Not worth the money you save, I wish I read reviews prior, I would say that the guest service was good but the way they run the operation is terrible, everything is a wait and it took me about an hour and half from getting on FIRST shuttle to getting the car.  Definitely not worth the $25 I saved.
This is a hole in the wall restaurant, but has the best pho in Phoenix! No other place compares- Loves it! :) The staff is friendly and the avocado smoothie is yum!!!
The worst service I have ever encountered. WoW customer service out the window. They can care less about you or your problem. Please in the future go with cox TV don't give them your business. I have been with them since 2005 and have done nothing for me really.
Total meh. Mediocre food, too long a wait-whole place reminded me of a snack bar at a gym or something.
This is my favorite shop to visit. They're all incredibly friendly, and are always willing to help with any problems that arise. Their selection of batteries and mods range from beginner setups all the way to high-end mechanicals and everything in between!
Terrible. \n\nMeatball sampler. Five dry fried meatballs. 5 boring sauces. Two pieces of toast.\n\nPass on this \"spot\".
Struggling with the fact that my windows NEVER get clean 100%.
Everything is good! This is a great place to meet w/ friends. Lots of outdoor seating. Great place to get an awesome beer and a great sandwich. Will admit the service kinda sucks sometimes. That is the only  reason why I didn't gave a 5 star rating.
simply the best very good place to stay for your money they have totally revamped the entire hotel you should come see it will run you about $36 a very convient to the strip great eating such as the Florida Cafe Bar In Grill beautiful Breakfast for 5 dollars ! great food all around
Had 2 meals here; one was take-out and one dined-in. \nThe food was ok for a fusion chain in Vegas. Otherwise, it'd been below standard. \nThe take out here was pretty quick and they had a separate window for take-out meals. It was fairly expensive for what it was.
Overpriced most dishes look slopped on the plate. Typical Scottsdale.
This place is really bad. Bad food and bad service. Do yourself a favor and go to The Vine instead. It's just down the street. Don't get the wings or sliders here for sure.
So wanted this to be good! But it wasn't. Chili was dog food. Literally from a can and awful. Cesear salad was good but chicken was overseasoned. Menu is too generic. Love fresh food n could use a change from tropical smoothie but it is not good enough....yet.
I took my two daughters here to fix a scissors incident and they were wonderful.  They took their time and explained how they were cutting the hair to hide as much of the short patches as possible.  I was extremely happy with the outcome and I will definitely be back.
Shop fees and other nonsense get added on top of seemingly reasonable prices. For tires, go to Costco. For other repairs, go to Precision Tune or Meineke for same service, better value.
Went in here today to get some lunch! I was surprised how good it was. It was fresh, and very good. I got the Mongolian Beef Lunch Special with Pork Fried Rice with a side of Pot Stickers and it was very good. I was glad I came.
It's a drug store, they have great selection and a friendly staff.\n\nI don't really have much more I can say in this review, they're close to my house, and their prices are fair.
Absolutely amazing! A must see.
This place is a piece of crap. Love the show, but the store sucks. They have a whole bunch of crappy overpriced items.\n\nOn the plus side, the security guy sitting down at the front door was really nice.
I visited Kristine K at La Lou for a pedicure. She is a delight. Great service, she takes her time and does a great job. I will return again! Salon is clean, beautiful and quite enjoyable! Thank you Kristine!
Excellent steak dinner.  Great kids menu.  Grandson's loved the kids ribs, macaroni and cheese and kids steak dinner. Went on a Saturday night and while we waited for our table they came around with samples of steak and salmon to try. Very good service and friendly wait staff.
How can I expect to get ripped like Arnold with the prices and selection that this these guys offer? While you're trying to max out in the gym these guys are maxing out their prices. Puny selection, weak customer service and pumped up prices.
Man this little hole in the wall has some good hot dogs and there chili is the best.Oh get the cheese fry there goood.
Don't use this company down right EVIL...This company gets zero stars!! They only care about renters and killing the community to make money on whatever they can get there dirty hands on.
1 star for the ambiance star for the ice cream and the carousal outside this place and my kids love em. Food and service is a different story. Food sucks beyond imagination and service is so so. If you want to go this place for food, I would recommend a sandwich from a gas station freezer than this place.
The food- so-so at best. The margaritas- blah. The service was decent, and the restaurant itself is quite large, but nothing stood out as great. My favorite thing about this place, is the name. Unfortunately there are no actual papi-chulos in this place.
came back again for my delicious tonkotsu and guess what? not delicious anymore.  the soup was ALL oil.  like almost to the point where its on the jelly side rather than liquid.  time to find a new place to eat tonkotsu ramen because i don't have a reason to come here anymore.
Great food.  We had 4 different choices.  Mostly salads and a pizza.  All of it was delicious.  We did not have multi-course meal.  I would go again.
I went there last night and I ordered the calamari. It had no taste and was very expensive. And the service was not very good. I will not be back
Great BBQ! Staff is awesome, whenever I would come to downtown I looked forward to eating at Big Ern's(before container park) now I work downtown and he's in a cool place too! Love it
It's Starbucks!!!
Very good service.  Price is very reasonable, and the beef was grilled to perfection - juicy, tender and flavorful.  I recommend it!
Great food and service!! I can't get enough of the steak chili! our server was always smiling and my beer was always full! she never forgot anything and didn't even flinch when she was asked for chop sticks by our sugar buzzed teenager!!
I remembered reading that this franchise primarily serves chicken fingers so when I saw the sign I made a U-turn and walked in.  I bought two to go as well as a small container of sauce. The chicken fingers were light and flavorful.
Casual place in Kierland to kick back and grab a drink and light bite.  I had the thin crust margherita pizza and it was pretty good.  The patio is fun when the weather is nice.
Horrible food. It takes real effort to botch up a turkey sandwich...so because of their obvious diligence in that regard, I'm giving them one star.
Friendly staff, and a great scratch free car wash at an awesome price!
Prompt, courteous staff. Not overly pushy on add-ons or upgrades. Nice clean facility and waiting area.
Like any other Starbucks, in and out in less than 5 minutes for a regular coffee.\nFriendly staff
food was good, they have the hottest salsa I have ever had at a restaurant (which still tasted awesome) their prices were reasonable as well. the service could be a little better, and in this day and age charging for soda refills seems a little unreasonable to me.
Standard has gone down through the years. Maybe it was the busy season but they were slow in replacing trays that were empty and the crab legs were pathetically skinny and the oysters were tiny. The sashimi was badly cut too, kinda embarassing for a Japanese restaurant and not too fresh.
I was excited to try this place. Facility is very nice.  We bought New Years Eve package included everything but arcade.  We had a good time, however, we bowled for over an hour and not one waitress checked on us. I'm very disappointed in the service.
It's a Harris Teeter, so it's pretty awesome, but it's in Uptown, so parking stinks.
This place gets a lot of great reviews which is why I visited, but I have to say the gyro meat was simply too salty.  The hummus, however, was very good.  \n\nI will try it again when I am in Vegas, but I will pass on the gyro.
The atmosphere and the service were both very good. The food would be very good if it were not **extremely salty** :(
Great location right in the middle of the casino! Regular Starbucks coffee at jacked up prices but hey this is Vegas!
I literally ate two ribs and decided they were too much like a pressed mcrib to trust them. The cornbread tasted faintly of fish. Fries were decent. Couldn't get a refill on my soda. I won't be back.
Easily here once a week for lunch or grabbing Drunken Noodles to go.  Very large portions and lots of spicy keep me happy.  Usually can split it into two meals so they great service will bring you a to go container.
Note that this is now the \"Desert Rose Resort\".  I've stayed here several times over the years, and consider it one of the very best deals for basic condo-style rooms within walking distance of the Strip. You can walk to the Tropicana, the MGM Grand, and the monorail stop behind the MGM.
Excellent option for dinner in Vegas. Sexy ambiance, good food, reasonable prices for what it is. And dinner gets you immediate entry into one of the best clubs in Vegas.
This cute little convenience store/deli is a great place to grab a sandwich or six-pack when you're on the run. Unfortunately, the deli counter isn't always open and the pre-made sandwiches aren't quite as good as the fresh ones. I recommend the turkey, tuna salad or chicken salad sandwiches.
= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =\n\nThe bad news:  This excellent buffet closed a while back.\n\nThe good news:  \"Asian Buffet\" opened today, & it's real good too!     :-))
Pretty cool little bar. They were playing awesome late night music after midnight. Not crowded at all so it was a great place to socialize!
Waited 50 minutes after I called the order in before it was ready. Two pizzas were over $50.  When we got it home one pizza was barely warm and the other had ingredients which we specifically asked to be left off.  But the real problem was that the Chicago style pizza was inedible because the dough inside was raw.
The Party Port is the kind of place you want to go when you want booze, but you don't want to look like an ass trying to buy kegs of miller lite from Barriques Wine Cave.\n\nPlus it's named after a port where people party.  Awesome!
Great Place! Ton's of mini games to play! I would definitely go again!
Delicious authentic Szechuan food. Perfect for family style eating with family or group of friends! Must try!
Ribs tasted like jerky. Friendly staff and a cool selection of hot sauces, but the food is merely average.
The food is fresh with excellent taste. The service is prompt. Only the setting is casual in a shopping center.
Pizza OK. Pricey unless you keep it simple. Understaffed [waiters] for a Saturday night.
Relaxed bar atmosphere, and good food for a bar. Plenty of tv screens for sports.
Extra charges for everything, 50 cents for lettuce? 75 cents for peppers, 1.50 for guacamole, has to be a joke
Good for a bowl of tasty hot, cheap, quick vegetarian food. Don't go expecting a restaurant. I enjoyed my curry and rice.
Country Club Atmosphere\nQuick Friendly Service\nConsistently good Eggs Benny\nIf you're paying cash make sure you mention you want change because the waitresses will think you intentionally meant to give a $18 tip on a $25 meal for two.
Wait, you're shitting me, right?  35mins+ wait in the hot sun to eat bacon and eggs?  No way.
Yes the wait is long, for a very good reason. The food is awesome. We have always loved Costa Vida and always will
I'm giving this place two stars because the owner is very nice and so are the servers... Food not so great. The selection is minimal and the spices they use makes everything taste the same. They need a makeover like yesterday.
Hit and miss service. Pretty good food, but seems to try to overcome mediocrity with huge portions. Not so much a fan of that strategy. Very convenient if you're staying at Mandalay Bay.
theres a good reason we have no fishmongers,butchers and stores that employed people,valued customers and had a community presence. the fact that this place has a macdonalds is even more reason to bring a flask and some real food.
Check yourself before you wreck yo self
Food is dry or oily, perfect for the neighbors fog who poops on your lawn. Crepes are the only reason this place gets two stars
Stopped by on a Sunday to try the place out. Ordered the shrimp app which was overcooked, chewy and tasteless. \n\nThe other two chicken dishes were the same. Will probably not try this place again
I had lunch here today. We brought two newbies, so they got to experience the taste test. I like how they do that. The place is spacious and relatively clean. Food compares to the other Chino Bandido up on Greenway. I like it.
Can't say enough about this place.  Had dinner here on 5/11/13, and it was wonderful. Try the Cioppino, it is Excellent.
What a great find! Sushi was excellent, fresh and tasty. Service was also prompt and friendly. In Bally's basement near Monorail.
I am out of the area (in California) and trying to coordinate a birthday party for my Grandmother in Pheonix for which I need a cake.  I have attempted to reach Lady Diana's for about a week via email and phone with no response.  Very poor customer service in my opinion.  Won't even give them another chance.
The meal was OK, but in this city, you shouldn't have to settle for OK.  The Bruscetta was pretty good, though.
Walnut shrimp to die for plus I had the wonton soup. Excellent quality. Will be back to try everything else!
Interesting burgers and not bad microbrew but both are a bit gimmicky for me.
small place, nothing really special about the decor.  Perhaps I had too much expectation for this place, i was not impressed.  In fact, a little disappointed about the atmosphere.  Overall just an average club, packed with people nevertheless.
Unless you're below the age of 10 (or are traveling with kids), you will not enjoy the Adventuredome.\n\nIt is a waste of time and money.
Fresh sushi, and a decent value. Service was a little slow. Though the manager noticed this and brought over an extra tempura rolls. A good lunch.
Okay... Amazing. That's pretty much all I have to say about this place. Cheap and delicious! I had never been here before but I've heard great things about it. I had the chicken salad. Yum! I will definitely be back.
Papa Chulo's is right across the street from my work. We come here for their great happy hour and lunch specials. It is a good restaurant and the hh prices are fair. I would reccommend Papa Chulo's!
So So helpful. Had to send flowers out of town and Annie was helpful, knowledgeable, went out of her way to get all my questions answered. Will defiantly\n use them again. Thank you so much for all your help Annie.
Being from the Midwest, I'd never had Del Taco. Can't really say I've missed anything: the bag probably had more flavor than the cold, limp fries and unmelted cheese on the all-lettuce \"chicken\" tacos.
Good customer service but found bones in my pupusas. Not cool. Good thing I wasnt feeding them to a child.
Ok it was a Saturday with a long line and only 2 people working. Still, I needed coffee after Friday night in Vegas.
Pros: Consistent flavor. I enjoy the pizzone. \n\nCons: Slow service. For pick up orders, always a few minutes late. Sometimes I indicate pick up and the order gets delivered to my home.
Hostess seemed annoyed when we walked up. They brought my wife the wrong order. They gave us someone elses bill. My reuben had soggy bread on the bottom half. Other than that its a decent place.your typical sportsbar vibe/setting, would only go back if there were no other options.
Bland, bland, bland. \n\nAnd greasy.
To all the men: GO HERE FIRST IF YOU ARE PURSE SHOPPING WITH YOUR WOMAN.  Save yourself hours of walking- everything is right in one place!
close to many of the places we like and we enjoy the odd food.  worth a try.  have fun!   parking good though a challenge at times.close to the freeway.
The macadamia but encrusted goat cheese is to die for!! Salads as well \n\nLeap of faith drink is amazing!! As was our server Brandon!
Best small coffee house in the area. The place is a little more run down than 'quaint' would describe.  Overall nice place to relax for casual gatherings and meetings.
Go with Myriad if you want an honest and personal home-buying experience.  100% satisfied working with Daniel.
Hhhhmmmm over priced cupcakes that taste like pillsburry ready to make cake flour... The ice cream was bad too and over priced
Love this place, there should be one on every block instead of crappy subways. The subs are great, service is great. I love the whole firehouse theme.
Good quality food. But terribly slow service.  I know there is something they can do. The hostess actually took our order - thank god because the guy responsible was really slow and seemed new. They should do more to train there people.
My favorite burger. Very good. Thick and juicy. Yum.! Also big selections of meats and toppings and even bread
Meh. The tacos weren't great. The chips and salsa were good. Server was not attentive.
Friendly staff and I can shop with my pet. Doggie pet sitting lounge and fairly close to home
Usual Quiznos.  They dont accept most Quiznos coupons.  They seem like they are a franchise that doesnt work with corporate sales etc.\n\nI usually pick a differnet location if I have to have toasted bread.
What a hidden gem in the South Side! Wonderful back patio area makes you feel like you've been whisked off to Italy. The eggplant rolls were beyond amazing. Sweet, personal service. Note: Cash only and BYOB.
Eh...  Nothing to write home about. BBQ was ok. Dining area was kind of bare/dirty. Service was uninterested when she was around, which wasn't often...  I'll go someplace else next time.
Where else but Vegas can you get a good , full dinner at 3AM? OK place, but service was kind of spotty.
Though there is a fantastic selection of stores, this mall is the worst of the worst in Vegas. Almost as bad as the Boulevard Mall, the teens that come here are horrible. Food court is always messy and packed with loud youths. The restrooms are fairly gross. Parking lot is usually littered with beer bottles and trash.
One star for good food. Minus 4 stars for making you wait in line for 20 minutes while the tables in the restaurant are empty. If you're patient enough to wait, you'll get terrible service.
The food was great but the auto gratuity, which was expected was unexpectedly high. 30% is that even legal?
Nice selection of items, good pricing and friendly atmosphere. We'll be back.
Always had good food here, just went in for a frosty float and the lady at the window barely spoke to me. I got my order pretty quickly considering the long line ahead of me, but no line is long enough that you can't say thank you or \"have a good evening\" to a customer.
Good place after night work to relax a little bit and drink a hot drink in the Winter. Feel warmed and satisfied.
Pricy & gave me diarrhea for two days. One of the reasons why I am vegan now. No need to eat expensive diarrhea food when I can do it for less than $10 at McDonalds!
Good qucik cheap mexican food.
Great food and amazing service with a smile. The place is nice and clean and the food is straight up great. Nothing fancy and just perfect. Can't wait to come back soon....
Breakfast sandwich is pretty good and friendly service but not very efficient. And what's with the styrofoam containers? Very environmentally irresponsible. No one else uses those anymore. Get with it!
We always feel comfort and compassion when our dogs are in need.  All the staff are knowledgeable and caring. \nEven when our pets had passed, the staff did everything possible to help us with our grief.
Food was good but VERY pricey!!
Best vegan and vegetarian food in Las Vegas. Definitely recommend coming and eating here for lunch and dinner. Located in the Chinatown area on the second story, the atmosphere is very welcoming and casual. They have a nice running waterfall system that is very soothing too.
Excellent service from Phillip our waiter.  Nice presentation of food, which was competently prepared.  Lovely view from patio.  Nice selection of soft, folky music.  We'll be back for sure.
This is a pretty awesome hotel. Rooms are super clean, service is super good. The beds are really comfy. Internet speed is fast enough to stream Netflix. Downtown and close to some good restaurants. I wish all hotels could have this level as the baseline.
I only come to Albertson's to shop for dairy products like eggs and milk as they always have sales on those 2 items.  They stop taking your discount cards to save all the hassles and reduce speeds.  Great location right inside Desert Ridge Marketplace and the JW Marriott Desert Ridge.
My co-workers and I hit this place quite a bit for lunch.  They have a buffet going and I always hate myself for getting that second helping of Kheer, but it's all so tastey.
Definitely amazing Mexican food. Some of the best I have ever had. Good service too....sit at the bar outside.
This place is way better than Denny's or Ihop.  I like the fact that they have some healthy options.  You have to try the oatmeal.  Even if you are not a fan of outmeal, this one comes with everything... brown sugar, raisens, nuts, etc.  It is sooo good!
I bought a new puppy recently and had tons of questions and dr Griffith answered all of my concerns without making me feel dumb. Dr Griffith is amazing. She genuinely cares about the well being of the animals. Both my dogs love her ;) thank you so much
Pretty sure my husband and myself had a small case of food poisoning. They charge for extra salsa!!! No Mexican restaurant should ever charge extra and they didn't even inform us when we asked for more. Won't be returning.
Not an Italian Fan but the seafood fettuccine was good as well as the warm olive appetizer. Nice and close to the hotel so I may have to try it again next week!
I order from this place a lot due to limited options.  They deliver the food on time and the food is always satisfying.  The only thing that I find irritating is... They never get my order right.  GET IT RIGHT!
gross food, okay atmosphere.
Benjamin D. Was very friendly and helpful from from beginning to end. He was very knowledgeable with brakes for my 1998 Honda Accord Coupe LX, & recommended what I should do to the best of his abilities, thanks for everything Ben!
Meh. 2.5 stars. \n\n3/5 for service. Very pleasant waiting staff but the servers rarely visit the table to refill water, etc. \n\n2/5 for food. Decent amount of variety but the quality/taste is subpar.
We love Nee House! The lemon chicken and house fried rice are delicious!!! Great food, great service!
I haven't tasted anything other than the asada fries and they are by far the best and also great for the price !!
Nice location for me. I ordered a ham and cheese panini that came out as flat as a pancake and probably had three pieces of ham and unfortunately no cheese....they were pretty slow too.
My favorite breakfast spot hands down! Great Prices,  made to order quality food and friendly service.  I need to try their burgers cause I heard they are very good. Surprise is luck to have this!
Boo, this place is out of business.
This place is definitely a repeater. It taste delicious.  I got the cranberry truffle and the beach bum and they were both good. Lots of flavor and fresh tasting. The employees very nice and had excellent customer service. They take the tome to explain the different options and get you the perfect smoothie.
Straight ass ghetto! A hookers paradise! Good place if you want to save money. Don't book cheap vacation here! You get what you pay for! Splurge for better tower.
Simply put, I'd go back.  They are quick and have always called back to tell me what issues are going on with my rig.
to bad its closed, maybe it will re-open in the venetian, I dont think they will keep the 25 cent martinis, will keep u updated.
My boyfriend said the black beans had no flavor and tasted like they came out of a can and the spanish rice had the texture from being in some sort of heat source for too long. I did not like their red chili as it was somewhat bland.  The ambiance and service was good though.
This place is bad, even for a McDonald's
Service was great.  Food was just Ok.  Had a Groupon and was excited to try it based on the reviews here.  Nothing was bad, just not anything that great that would make me want to go back over many other pizza places in the area.
Just like many other Ritas, but this one is kosher which eliminates a few products that are even advertised inside the store.  Only reason why not 4 or 5 stars is because of the kosher options
Great bbq for vegas.a very big portion of food and it tastes great.nice and flavorful and a nice big menu to choose from.and the sides are good to.and the deserts.this is a must do everytime you visit vegas.
We've seen this place back home in Houston, Tx but had never been. Our daughter took us while in town and I absolutely loved the home brew. Had the Maui pork chop and it was very tasty but the red potatoes that it came with so very dry, but the fresh green beans definitely made up for it.
Good food! Although, there was this strange flavor that seemed to be carried throughout each main and side dish. Great service, and the food came out at the right temperature and promptly. Fpr cleanliness, I would rate it 4 out of 5.
I canceled Wynn hotel came this hotel because the beach! It is like zoo and way too many kids!! huge huge mistake! Disappointed even tried change hotel. Please pick other hotel! If you don't care pick here! I  Never will be back this hotel !
I am a crispy taco snob. These rank right up there in my top 5. \n\nIt's a small place, with friendly staff and well worth a visit. \n\n'Nuf said.
Took 28 minutes to get a buffalo chicken\nSandwich. Awful service. Highly don't recommend spending your hard earned dollars at this dump.
Outdated decor... slow and unfriendly service... paid $130 for 2 people (no cocktails) for Chinese food that was equivalent to a average Chinese buffet. Save yourself the money and frustration and eat at Beijing No. 9
If I was more loaded this would have been ok but being sober...umm no. It took a super long time and I ordered off the eat on the run menu. My sweet potato fries were chewy and cold and my corn dog was ridiculously hot. Will remember not to go there next time.
Crappy store in a crappy run-down part of a crappy run-down area. This is one of the depressing parts of town where the junkies and hookers live.\n\nScratch that - even the hookers are probably too classy for this area.
If you want a quick and sugared up drink, this is the place. If you want actual coffee, I suggest looking elsewhere.
Wide range of menu items, great service from hostess and waiter. Nice layout of Resturant and Bar area. BBQ chicken chips as appetizer was amazing. Will def go back to try more items on the menu.
Delicious baby back ribs. Beef brisket was ok. Pulled pork mmm. Half chicken good too. Everything was delicious. Mac and cheese is actually homemade not some boxed crap, must try. Definitely plan on returning. Ordered to go so next time probably eat there.
Love this place!  The food is awesome.  Only complaint is that the \"roll of the day\" rarely lives up to the expectations set by my first visit.
Good Service! I had the usual soup, salad and breadsticks.
Good food but overpriced. C'mon we are in vegas. There are a lot places which are cheaper!!!!
I came here with a corporate party. I would otherwise not have come here because the food is too expensive for what you get. It is unfortunate because I think the ingredients are good, but the preparation is not. I would not come here again. If I had this kind of money to spend on a restaurant I would rather go to Tornado Room.
Finally a reasonably priced great buffet not inside a casino.. Awesome food.  Sashimi, raw oysters, Chinese food, desserts, etc..  Totally worth it with great attentive service...
Worst customer service! But they don't care! I even spoke to a manager and he would not exchange my defective device.  What happen to taking care of your customer?
The place looks like you are going to get the best Mediterranean food in Vegas, Buy it is not. I didn't like the food at all. The Gyro was the worst I have ever had.  And silly me for ordering Pizza from a Mediterranean place. One word Gross. I will Not be returning to this place.
Great ambience, great food, great drinks.  What more could you ask for!
How can you give anything but five stars? Service is swift no matter how busy. Chicken is phenomenal and they have the best ice tea. Employees always seem happy and have a smile on their face.
Love going to tan here! I go in extremely stressed and come out relaxed and happy. Nyki and Jacob are amazing people and know exactly what to say to make you smile. You won't burn going here, they make sure to gradually get you to the color you want.
It's not what I expected. If you want real luxury in Vegas stay at Bellagio or Palazzo
This place just closed.  It was soooooooooo good.  Great family.  Breaks my heart :(
The noodle soup tastes ok. I have had better ones before. The soup doesn't come with enough toppings unless you pay extras for more, which is kind of stupid...
Bomb bbq bacon burger. Applewood smoked bacon cooked perfectly and smash sauce complemented the smashfries! Next time I will definetly try a milkshake. Plus all the workers were super nice.
So they sent me a note tell me they would investigate. Nothing ever happened!!! FU New Star bad food restaurant.....
Excellent pizza (full disclosure: I was a cook here) and decent beer selection. The pool tables make it difficult to socialize at time,  the bar space is too long and not wide enough. However, if you like pool, these are very good tables.
Been here before it was good back then and its good now.....they accept Credit/debit cards now with a $.50 fee which is a ok wif me.....nom nom nom....lol
I would rather eat a shitty frozen dinner, then ever eat this food.
3rd time back.  happy hr has gotten stingy.  no more sliders, chicken tenders taken off happy hr menu(now $10 all the time).  no more chicken & waffles.  happy hr drinks still a good deal.
Drive through is soooo slow.  Had to repeat order 3 times and been in line for nearly 10 minutes now.  Just brutal!
I think they are closed. Phone's been disconnected for months. Very sad, loved eating here.
One word....Free. This is a decent zoo to spend half a day at. Doesn't have a huge variety of animals but a nice place to go if you just want to take the kids somewhere without spending money. They have a couple places to take some cute photos. Gift shops have some cool stuff.
Great cupcakes. Price ok
This place is a bit pricey....However, all of MGM eateries are expensive! I spent $25 on hot coco and a turkey sandwich! I wouldn't recommend what I ordered. It wasn't very tasty at all. Subway may have been a better deal...
Food ok, service was really bad. The waitress was sweet but forgot about us multiple times. We had to continue to remind her about our orders. I do not like writing bad reviews but it was just a long wait for nothing special...
Alright at best staff wasn't very helpful and food took along time for no one to be there...
Red chandeliers!
I held a bookclub group here.  It was the perfect location.  Comfy chairs, happy hour, quiet atmosphere to talk and great selection of wine and appetizers.  Will definitely be back!
Great food, always fresh and innovative items on the menu. The staff is very friendly and attentive to what's going on. I also like that much of their produce comes from local sources.
Consistently a great place to drink in that part of downtown Phx and their food is always excellent. I've tried a lot of their menu and haven't ever had an issue or complaint. Service is always solid even when packed full. Overall a winner w/o a doubt.
Service was so slow, our waitress was busy with her IPHONE  sadness! Every time I came in food never test the same. DO Not go to Thai rama for lunch time because Service is super slow. If you have a big party just go some place else :)
I like Ike! No seriously though, this place is pretty good. I look forward to coming again.
all i can say is that they give small portions
I landed in vegas late on a Thursday night and found the line from hell at the Thrifty rental counter.  I had two birthdays waiting to be served.  I would rather pay more money and go somewhere else than stand in a line as long as I did.  Honestly, it took and hour and twenty minutes to helped.
Got the worst manicure by this place. Supposedly, it came highly recommended by a friend. Will never go back again... My manicure looks like it was done by a teenager vs. a professional.
Decent inexpensive Mexican restaurant. Not particularly special. The food was okay and arrived quickly. \nThis place will feed you if you are hungry and don't have a lot of money in your pocket.
Dry food. I ordered the pork souvlaki, and it was awful! The bread was burned. No alcohol served. Pretty lame...
It was okay. As soon as we hit the door they were trying to pawn off the cold trays and it was a tad overwhelming. I do not like the fact they offer Shark Fin soup and because of that I will not be going back.
This is the best strip club in town.  The place is safe, no shady people, or gang looking guys hanging around, its clean, the staff is awesome.  The girls rate at about an 8 or 9, but their really nice and genuine,  and honest, which in my book makes them a 10.
Great breakfast place the chorizo omelet is my favorite so far. Huge portions and unbelievably cheap price for what your getting. The pumpkin bread is great also. Nothing is better then the fried zucchini as an appetizer it's crazy good a must try.
Food is very good, lunch specials affordable, and you can get an extra soup instead of the eggroll, which I prefer.
I thought that I could only get some good noodles here on the East Coast but boy was I wrong! I cant stop thinking about how good it was. Next time I am in town, Im heading straight there!
Awesome! Food trucks are amazing!!
Dont know what the hype is about, nothing special have had alot better indian food, dry chicken tika ,rice tasted like it was a day old.. Best part was the naan bread and the cute waiter...
Great stuff but the owner is rude and unhelpful.
My simple tongue really enjoys the breakfast here. I enjoy the ambiance of the restaurant- mind you I had to wait about 7minutes to get a coffee after being seated on a saturday on a particular occasion. I recommend this place as a great restaurant for simplicity.
Long wait for a banker at 9:30 in the morning. There are almost no customers here. But no available bankers as well. There are no greeters to help incoming people as in other WF branches.
Locked myself out of my car and stress out fairly quick.These guys came highly recommended by a friend of mine who ran into this problems a few weeks back.Its no surprise why these guys are recommended.Very fast and reliable, they know their job and know how to do it.10 stars if I could.
came here for a work meeting. not the best choice from my company as many folks roamed the hallways in swim cloths. not a family hotel. also the layout was very strange. would not stay here again
Great place to eat berry fair price food very tasty try the ribeye great and the pig in potato patch ......
Dining room is closed. Bartender/waitress was very nice and helpful. We ate in bar area. Few booths. Sandwiches were served on a regular hamburger bun. Fish sandwich portion was large but undercooked. We were compensated. My steak sandwich was tough. Will not go back.
The Greek Pita is a must try. Great food at a good price, and the service is quick and friendly. I eat here at least once a week.
This is a very interesting place.  Don't go here thinking it will be classy.
It was ok. Nothing to brag about. Maybe next time ill have a better experience. No wow factor to bring me back again. Bartender was friendly but not as good as other bartenders at nearby bars that i visit often.
A wonderful place to take someone special. Very cozy and comfortable, a real change from the other ambience of Sin City!
I went in to have my laptop looked at. I was asked if I needed help right away and Nick was awesome. He fixed my problems easily and professionally. I will be returning with my husband's laptop for a full tune up.
I don't get this place. Went here 3 times and ordered something different each time thinking I was missing something.\n\nNope. Food is bland and veggies seem like the were steamed in the microwave.
Completely disappointed with the breadsticks and salad today the salad was watery they didn't dry it off our server was phenomenal
This location closes early, and on the night I visited they were closed before their posted time.
Half of my son's hockey team (plus parents) went here for lunch yesterday. Extremely good experience. The server was organized and kept all the kids' orders straight with each parent. The food came pretty fast, considering how many of us there were. And the food was pretty good too!  No downsides.  :-)
decent authentic cantonese food. peking duck was really good. reasonable price with big portion. open till 6am with late night menu. good choice for late night cravings and after party goers.
great gear. quality products and amazing customer service
Excellent Coffee!! Glad that it finally opened. Good people and even better coffee
I've come to this location twice. Both times after noon. Both times they've been closed. Really inconvenient to come all the way here  for nothing.
I would definitely recommend going to the waddell/litchfield location. This location always seems to be a little dirty and disorganized.
A bit pricey and, as noted in other reviews, not exactly overflowing with meat but the bread is very good and the sandwiches are satisfying (if a little overpriced).
My coworker and I go here when we are craving good Indian food. The dishes are a bit heavy on the oil (but I feel that this goes for most Indian restaurants). The service is also a bit slow sometimes.The taste is pretty authentic though. Wish this place was in PIttsburgh and delivered to the city.
I'm trying to think of 1 good thing about our meal experience here. Went with my family and no one loved their food.  Some things were ok and some were disappointing. Lobster bisque, nah.  Pasta meh, salad was ok.  Garlic bread was good.  Anyways, I will not be back here.
It was ok.... the ordering system was a little confusing, but I am a smart girl and I figured it out. I was looking for a good burger and I found one just the way I wanted it, and the onion rings were good. Its just missing a little personality....?
I am shocked.  Only one review for ETHD.  A Phoenix institution. \n\nThousands of us do jury duty.  Ed's is a must stop on jury day.  Especially for the Chicago Dog.  He has all the napkins you need, plus places to sit.
The food was pretty good. Service was below par. Asked some questions about the food and the answers didn't match what we received. It was Saturday night but the service was very slow.
I like this place over Encore.\n\nThis is the second time I visited here and found may of things are remain excellent. However, I see things are deteriorating. I hope the management change the course, otherwise it could turn another hotel in Las Vegas once a darling, but not forgotten.
Our food was great and te service was very good.  I really like that they have bone-in steaks!  There were ten in our party, all the steaks were perfectly cooked, but one burger was under cooked.  they replaced it very quickly though.
Excellent sandwiches, PERIOD!!!!!!!
Not my style at all.  Most of the sushi was below average and wasn't that fresh.  I guess I'm a food snob, but I will get fresh rolled sushi where I know its fresh.
Ordering breakfast here takes forever.  We had to get to Boulders and the burrito I bought took 30 minutes to make.  WTF.  Put some fake eggs, cheese, and bacon into a tortilla and nuke it.  We ended missing our tee time but at least I had my 30 minute breakfast burrito.
Manager sucked and food was worst.. If you aren't a regular they don't care about you
Despite what other people say on here... First night in vegas we dropped my Buzios and absolutely loved it. Our waiter was very friendly.... Food came in a quick manner and there was a great view as well.  Compared to the other restaurants in the rio this is by far the best...
The only thing louder than the deep cuts of Arcade Fire blaring and the bad paintings on the walls is the screech of the metal chairs scraping across the concrete floor. \n\nToo loud for anything but takeout. Though the staff may be friendly, the place is virtually as inhospitable as an actual jungle.
New to the area, I was looking for nail salons and came here. After a week 4 of my nails peeled off easily and the rest were all well on there way to coming off. Wont be going there again.
Oh my chocolate cupcake heaven! Yeah, wowwed this time, but shocked at price for small cupcake, but so joyful thanks to beautiful chocolate...  Still hate the lines and crowded setup...
seriously.  if this place were to move downtown, adopt a more quirky moniker (maybe bamboozled? or perhaps, mock the duck?) they could charge twice as much for half the portions.
Excellent show!
Typical Old Town Scottsdale Bar.  Nothing bad...nothing special either.
Dishes were served quickly and presentation was excellent. I had the pasta which was Ok, but I like their ribs better. And of course the little biscuits are great, just need more of them.
The staff were incredible and very helpful.\nDinosaurs!\nGicometti!\nCarnegie International 2013 was trip! And to see CI from previous years...it was like a hot party that all the great ones are invited to!
Simply put.... Typical run of the mill bar food and service. Nothing special, but nothing bad either.
Never coming here again security came constantly to our room we werent even loud ... If you trying to go clubing then turn up in the hotel after this is not the place rude staff security.. They were discriminating us big time idk i will never come here again ..!
I had a peets coffee and the bread n pastries smelled awesome...off strip find... I will have to go back to indulge in the pastries and update accordingly...
very tasty ... tasted gourmetish ( make up words) ... for only 9$ it kept me fed for lunch as well as dinner
Really a 2.5 because there wasn't anything special about my burger... It wasn't bad. I have had way better, and much worse. I would go here over Jimmy G's (just south) any day. Jimmy G's sucks.
It's bar food but had a good taste.\nGood neighborhood stop for wings and a beer.
I like the look of this mall but the self parking was a little bit horrible because the parking spaces were kind of small and it seemed like a tight area. There are  many different stores in it and a lot of things to see. \n\nJust a cool mall to go and check out at least once when you go to Vegas.
The worst massage, body scrub and facial. \n\nI would not recommend this place!!  I bought the groupon and i have very disappointed. I feel the whole experience was a joke. the staff wasnt experienced or trained!  DONT ever go here! \n\n\nThank YOU!
Kevin, Molly and Ashley what more could you ask for?? Oh wait great food they have that too..:)
One of the best burgers I have eaten and the sweet potato fries with baconaise is to die for. Not a great selection of bottled beer but it was OK. Service was good and they were able to accommodate 5 of us on a busy Friday night. Looses a star for being a bit pricey for what it is.
Interesting. Not outstanding. Their soft tacos were plain, but the sonoran hotdog- their signature item was AWESOME!.  Great staff too.
Charlotte institution that has gained all my business since the ugly Penguin divorce happened.
After a few tries and fails, Longhorn has finally gotten it together. Our food always come out hot and fresh and on time and no more over done steaks. The staff is friendly and accomodating. The bartender Danny always goes out of his way to make us welcome and make sure our food is correct.
Stopped in for breakfast about 9 am on the way out of Phoenix. First time in and, if I'm in the area I would give them a second try. Food was great but service was slow. There was four tables in use when we came in. I suspect the 1 waitress was also working in the kitchen. Thanks Yelpers.
The Greek food here is amazing! Service was excellent along with the atmosphere.
This place was fantastic. We came for the Caesars buffet but line was way too long. The bruschetta was phenomenal and the meatballs and shells were amazing. This is coming from someone who eats Italian food in South Philly. We will def visit again.
I write all my reviews based on a student budget:\n\nWent with a friend and we got two pies for about $14, the veggie one was superb, the beef with cheese was okay. Certainly didn't fill us up so it felt more like an appetizer.
Good for pretty..  But not for healthy feet like skin removal or nail maintenance.  Reuses files and wasn't sure equipment was clean.  Staff friendly
Our Margherita pizza was pretty good. Caesar salads were better than most chain restaurants or pizza parlors. Service was friendly & prompt. Atmosphere was A-OK. Would we go back? Maybe so.  Overall it gets the Yelp \"A-OK\"  rating.
My favorite for lunch.The server is fabulous really knowledgeable. The food is great. The prices are reasonable. They have specials where you could combine their different entrees so you could actually taste and create an astounding meal for less than 10 dollars. It is always clean.
As of right now terrible experience. wouldn't recommend it to anyone!
Took them more than 1 hr to bring my food, \nNever happened to me something like this in that restaurant... So I was very very disappointed this time.
They wanted 30 dollars to hem a apron..when I told them that's too expensive they told me I can go somewhere else and gave me my apron. Don't like to give bad reviews to little shops but it was upsetting
What happened?    This place used to rock. Customer service is  gone!!   Nice selection of breads and pastries but disappointing experience.
tapas style, creative food, great dessert.
I am a huge fan of this little place! I am a regular check in happy to say. I always order the house fried rice and house chow mein! The shrimp they use here is DELICIOUS.
large menu, good vibe. I liked it but would not rave about the food.
I always been a fan of Einstein Bagels and this location is the best, period!! I go to this location 3 to 5 times a week before work and they always know my order.\n\nGreat breakfast, great friendly staff service. Always a pleasure  to meet locals there!
Pass\u00e9.  Used to be great but would not go back again.  This place used to be a happening, but now...not so much.  Needs a new concept and re-launch.  That's Las Vegas!
Nice big beer selection but the food wasn't so great (spicy tuna roll and California roll are not what you expect and don't really taste as one would expect either).
Equipment is always clean,  which is a huge plus++++ I'll always see a staff member cleaning. Usually crowded, parking is pretty tight. But the staff is great! Which is probably the only reason hubby and I won't go to a different LA Fitness.
Standard Panda Express food. Great new building. The staff is a little rude, probably just need more training in customer service.
Rice was undercooked, steak not seasoned, coca cola disgusting. Overall the food was all bad which is sad bc we've been to Moe's in some other states before and it was way better!!
Such a great service!  I have always taken my cars to another place to have them tinted but never again. I got 5 star service for a steal. Not only did I get exactly what I wanted for my new truck but I got it in amazing timing! Thank you 305 for hooking a girl up (:
My first of many musicals started here with Mamma Mia in the Mandalay. My middle name is \"dancing queen.\" It was really exciting and the audience got into it with dancing and singing along in the aisle. The cast of Mamma Mia definitely set a high standard for other musicals.
Really well made upscale food with alot of comfort food mixed in.  Kinda small portions but thats the way I like it.  Cozy warm atmosphere where you can watch the cooks make your food.
Nice ambiance. Waited 30 min for table...no worries for Friday night and no reservations. Saw waited twice...asst manager stood in as \"waitress\". Ordered baby back ribs for a child and an adult, both plates came out cold.\nReally only saw waiter!!
I went to Lizzie back in May randomly and she did two small tattoos for me in one sitting. The shop is really affordable and has a talented staff. I've been talking to Lizzie about a bigger piece I want, and I'm very excited to see what the final result is. Her talent is amazing and you will not regret going to her!
Been to Hot and juicy a couple of times. Service is very good they always make sure you are having and good experience.  Each time I have the Catfish basket and A pound of shrimp and its been great each time. Love this location and I think Tiffany gives the service in the whole place.
Good deal on color printing here. They charge by the amount of coverage on the page, so color prints can be less expensive if there is a lot of white space in your document.  Quick turnaround and personal service. Definitely worth using and a local small business as well.
Tr\u00e8s bien pour un latt\u00e9 et catcher le bourdonnement de la rue St-Laurent en plein coeur de la Petite Italie.
I live right down the street from the whining pig, and I went in this past weekend with a friend. Although super tiny, it's a fun and extremely friendly atmosphere. The staff and owners are really cool and inclusive. The menu is fantastic and the prices are awesome!!! I will definitely be back.
Place smells a bit of smokey. Our waitress was nice & quick.  Overall,  my first time experience wasn't a Wow factor.  The beers weren't cold. Enough said!
Convienient location, relatively decent food but boy was the guac so salty....I could hardly eat it. Burrito bowl was filling and a good item to grab on the go in Vegas.
This is really not anything special. Problem is... All the breakfast restaurants blow in this area. The service is bad, the hostess is insane, and the food is reeaaaaaaaallllyyy average.
Overpriced but good food. I'm sure my family liked it better than me. My daughter and BF really love seafood. They are avid seafood eaters, but we've had better.
There was a small line at 9 am but the owner got everyone taken care of and gave me a deadline to pick up my phone.  It was ready on time and they are a very polite, knowledgable team.  2 hours to get my glass replaced on my Samsung S3.  I could not be happier.
Thanks Joe Filter. Your guys were super good to work with and went above and beyond to climb on our roof to service our AC unit's filters. I'm just glad that I will never have to worry about when, what, how to replace filters again!
Had the Pulled pork sandwich, amazing. Have been here two other times. Brought my wife and daughter. They were equally pleased. The waitress was top notch as well. I will be going back here often.
The food was pretty good and very reasonably priced. We had a couple sushi rolls with some chicken curry. Everything was solid and I'll be going back for sure.
If I could give this company a zero I would.  The business manager \"Mike\"  is completely unprofessional and incompitent.  On top of that he smells like smoke. Have another cigarette.
Ordered a Wild Turkey and coke, double. same exact drink down the road an hour ago was 7$. I just got charged 28$ for 2 drinks. Twice what I paid to another better bar. Blows.
Nice enough furniture. Salesmen pretty friendly. Not the highest end furniture but as the saying goes, \"you get what you pay for\".
Clean, nice interior,  well staffed with nice people, environmentally friendly, heat lamps on the patio, and the food is delicious. My causa from last night made a great breakfast today. Oh, and the herbal lemonade is sooo good. I will definitely be back.
This place is OK, nothing special and if you come mid afternoon there is not much dim sum to choose from.  There are better places to get dim sum.
If this is what being a straight girl is supposed to be like, then get me off the mailing list ASAP.
Never again\n\nGot pink and white acrylics and a pedicure. \n\nThe shine dulled quickly and the powder was poor quality. \n\nWhite turned yellow and it's only been 4 days
Beer Pong + Strangers = Swine Flu\n\nAside from that, and the Guinness and the leprechaun that used to be on JACKASS, if Revere Beach had a casino, this would be it.
The Calzone is amazing.
PROS:\n-portions were generous\n-food was fresh\n-reasonable price\n\nCONS:\n-decor desperately needs an update(diff heights of tables and chairs)\n-slow service when they're busy
This cute little cafe is a great place to meet for lunch. They have soups and sandwiches and they even make their own (yummy!) whole grain bread on site. In this day and age I'm surprised that these little cafes survive but I hope that the Den sticks around, it gives the neighbourhood more appeal!
Nice little laid back place. Menu is simple and food Is good. Salsa bar. Meat is cooked right on the grill.
Stopped in for some grub after a visit to Lee's. I was disappointed to find out they no longer offer the Enchirito. Kee'erra was friendly and did offer a comparable substitution though. Overall it was right in line with other TB's I've visited. I will return.
This was a very tasty restaurant that served much meat.  The wine was good too.The waiters present you with big gobs of meat that you can choose, and the best was the bacon wrapped turkey.
Went for breakfast and everyone around us was sending back the food because it was not hot. I had the Lox and bagels which was good but it seemed not a lot of people enjoyed their food. But good prices and decent food.
AWFUL, AWFUL, THE FOOD was not good never had anything that was solo bad.\nTheir pizza was disgusting and the crust mushy and fell apart.  THEY ARE no GOOD AT ALL.
Not unfriendly.  Fairly clean.  Slow.  Oh my God, slow.  I stop here often because it's Taco Bell.   5 minutes per car.   Every. single. time.
Thanks for scratching and dinging up my car
25$ for a pizza and it tastes like Dominos.
Great food! The filet mignon sliders were delicious! Mac n cheese was good not great. Love the ambiance.
Don't bother dropping of things for store credit as they will give you next to nothing and tell you 90% of your items aren't acceptable but they will take them as a donation. Give me a break, I'll donate my stuff to needy kids not a greedy store.
Good sports bar.  It was Thurs and they ran out of the rib special.  Salad was good.! Beers are cold.
Ordered delivery many times. Pizza and Calzones mostly. Always perfectly cooked and lots of toppings.\nNever been disappointed with anything I've ordered there.
Was going to give this place three stars before the bill came for $40 for two people with no alcohol. There is good food here but the rice is awful and so is the carne asada. Stick to chips and guacamole and you will be fine
Great lunch..although I am sure round Chile's don't come that way in nature.  Taste great though.
Spice ramen is very yummy ... Very rare for a buffet... Everything is good and tasty ... Good place to eat
I really don't think they deserve any stars. I've taken my boys here several times usually waiting longer because they'll take their friends, that walked in after us, first. No longer use them.
this place has good food, but the service is always hit and miss. tonight the service was so slow. \ni probably will not be back
The same quality pizza Grimaldis is famous for in Brooklyn.   This is the friendliest pizza restaurant you will ever find.  The thin crispy crust is something Grimaldis is famous for.  It is worth the trip round the world.  Las Vegas is really the restaurant capital of the world!
I'm very disappointed! Their yogurt doesn't taste as good. Not as creamy and flavorful as it used to be. I don't know what changed but hopefully they fix it!
I've never had a bad experience here. The food is outstanding. We try something new every time, and don't know much about Indian food, but are never disappointed. We usually sit at the bar, which is often empty, but the manager/owner is always there bartending and he is great! Great local beer selection as well.
MUST start with garlic knots! All the pastas are amazing! Penne al pollo is definitely a must try.
This place has the worst service that I been to 15 minutes wait and not even a hello or a drink order I hope you guy improve your service or you guys are going out of business.
This place is great!! My favorite is the fries!! The hot dogs are so good (I recommend getting two if your hungry) I also LOVE the gyro. I highly recommend this place!
Ordered two sesame chicken lunch specials to go. Waited about 37 mins while my buddy and three others who ordered before me had already had their meals ready. Next time ill just call it in which I advise everyone else to do. The pork fried rice is the best in town.
Chaos...bad food...nothing special about it...not worth paying!!!
Great Food, great Wine selection, friendly service, fun atmosphere!!   Will return for sure.   My only suggestion would be have a DD or take a taxi as Gilbert police hate \"anyone\" that drinks any amount and they will invent reasons to pull you over.
Very professional and compassionate!
I have Princess beautiful lashes!  It is so much fun to wake up with dark, full, pretty lashes.  \nHilaree was so sweet, fun and professional.  She took time to discuss with me the look I wanted as well as how to care for my new princess pretty lashes.  \nLove my lashes and love Hillaree!
Not impressed for almost $10!!! Sandwich at sprouts market is better for $3.00!!..the place is super clean,friendly staff..just a so-so sandwich..i threw my punch card away..i wont be back..
It is, what it is: a very commercial, country bar. Highlights were the fried bologna sandwich. Lowlights were: most everything else. In fairness: I had no business being here.
Do not come here it is a fake Sam Woo. I would give it 0 stars if I could. Rude service and the food is nasty.
I don't get it? Is this supposed to be delicious soul food? Its a crap piece of chicken and a crap waffle on a plate for 8 bucks. The water is from the tap. I expected delicious, I got below average at best. Back to the real restaurants for me.
I called that place today and the man who assisted me (assuming he's the owner) answered extremely rudely and remained that way the entire phone call. I can't judge the studio itself but by the way the owner behaved, I wouldn't like to find out if I like it or not.
Very good chicken fried steak. Okra. And mashed potatoes. Makes great leftovers if you can't finish!
Nice little place to sit, people watch, and drink some craft beers. Our bartender Bruce was nice and let us sample several beers. You can use your resort credit here too if you are staying at NYNY.
Great food as expected by the amazing Giada. The service however was terrible! I won't go back for this reason. The waiter forgot half of our order, hit me with a serving tray, forgot drinks and even over charged us for two cocktails that never came to the table. There is a definite management issue so far with the restaurant.
Not worth the troubles. Waited TWO hours for a delivery. Finally had to cancel the order. There just is no reason for a pizza delivery place in the Las Vegas Valley to take that long to make pizza and deliver it. There are plenty of other places to get a pizza delivered. Steer clear of Monte's Pizza Restaurant.
Again, fish and chips did not deliver, fish was small, and only two sticks, with too many fries to compensate. Not worth 15 dollars.
A hidden gem! Popped in for Friday night date night and had a wonderful . Great service, waiter was knowledgeable and friendly and funny. Felt very much like a neighborhood watering hole with a great upscale vibe. We will most defintimeitely be back!
Great show!! If you like the Beatles you'll love this show. Drinks are kind of expensive but tasty and full of alcohol. Show starts off slow but picks up steam as it moves along. Acrobatics are incredible and the dancing adds the right touch. Definitely worth the price of admission.
Smells really odd in there. \n\nBut you sometimes gotta do what you gotta do to get Plum Flavored Ramune.
Not a lot going on here at night during the summer - I expected DC Ranch to be booming last Saturday evening... not so much. This place looks pretty cool and I'm guessing it would be fun on a busier night. Maybe I'll try it for happy hour?
I really liked this place.  The food was good and the service was great.  I'd come back for sure.
CLOSED :( being replaced by a yogurt shop. Hope its good
I love this place. So fresh and absolutely delicious!! It's a must try. I wish they were open on Sundays! I always crave an acai bowl after time in the sun. So refreshing!
Went to the Warhol exhibit.  Save your money and buy the coffee table book.  For the price they are charging you should be able to get in to a real museum.
This is the best gluten free pizza crust I've had in town so far.   Good pizza and salads not to mention there is a dessert shop next door that is connected.
I went to do the car wash, gave a generous tip, but the work is terrible. My door panels are not clean as well as the exterior is not clean. Water spots are noticeable at the back side. I should have checked before I gave the tip. Do not trust their work.
Ehh.. it's okay. I've tried a breakfast burrito, Red Chile and Green Chile Burrito, more scalding as in temperature than anything. I've had better. They only accept CASH.
Food is okay, always busy here. Bartenders are nice. Machines always pay out!
Hit and miss. Some staff are really nice, others are super cranky and rude.  Selection is OK.  Makes me miss the LCBO in Ontario though, cheaper prices and way better choices.
We came here with a groupon. We had smoothies and paninis for a late lunch. I had the lemongrass and sesame paninis with beef. It was great!! The menu has many options and the prices are reasonable. 4 stars for food and drinks and 1 star for the groupon discount.
Slices is a great place if you're in a pinch and want a quick lunch at a decent price. I wish they had more of a vegetarian selection but other than that it's a fine place for Pizza on Mill Ave.
Came in for lunch. Such a cute place.soft instrumental music playing. Clean big comfy chairs, but the food took a while. The service was poor, but I enjoyed their food.
I had such a lovely experience here from beginning to end. My 2 children ate free and loved their fish meal. We got delicious burgers and lemonade. And to finish it off, a free and oh so yummy chocolate chip cookie. You must go here!
Decent Dim Sum. Nothing special.  Cathay house is still my favorite.
This place is fabulous when it comes to get his check ups. Every 6 months we get a comprehensive exam. Dr. Roach is very friendly and professional and the girls from the front desk are also very nice and helpful.
Shrimp served without de-veining... Disgusting! We asked if they clean them up before serving but were told that they never clean them up. We used to be regulars here and they did the best seafood gumbo in town but we would rather not eat shrimp poop.
I had no idea this place existed. Decent lunch hour prices as well as happy hour. Make sure that when you say you want something spicy to emphasize that you really want it spicy. There version of extra spicy was pretty weak.
Maybe my favorite mocha, in numerous cities that I've been to. High quality coffee too. Nice place to hang out.
Great hiking trails!  Well maintained, with water and restrooms at the trailhead.  Love Wind Cave trail!  My 6 year old was able to do it in 80 degree weather without mouthbreathing.\n$6 per carload entrance fee.
very good and fast made food. located in THEhotel so not far to walk for a good breakfast or lunch. If you are a member of American Express card, you receive 80 points staying at THEhotel or Mandalay Bay and 100 points at a spa which can get you 1/2 of a massage.
Amazing place, great food, better service. Melinda always takes care of me and offers great customer service! Even the fried rice is exceptional here! :)
This place has such potential but the coffee was not good, the food was below average and the service was disappointing.
Perfect place for take-out.  The dining area isn't the fanciest, but the food is great.
this is the best sushi restaurant ever!\nfood is great, and the decor is amazing!\nmake sure that you reserve a table right next to the water falls.
Dear Datta Taxi, please do not ever send me a Sam's Cab ever again. I read wonderful reviews but did not get the car nor the man in the picture. Instead, I received another taxi service that was sent by you and had horrible service.  Please only pick companies that you think are good enough to represent you.
Maybe fun if you're here for shots late at night. Came here for lunch, had to ask for different lines twice as they were all brown and dried out. Nachos were dried out and chewy with processed nacho cheese. Sent it back
Amazing find. Took my kids here for the day. They loved feeding the geese and ducks. We also spent time watching the people fishing in the small ponds. Great way to get back to nature. We also took the dog and he loved it here.
Not homemade.  They buy their bread from walmart.
Buddyz pizza is the BOMB!! Best pizza in all of Phoenix. They have great crust, sauce and fresh plentiful toppings!!! Absolutely love this place. Thank goodness they are so close too but I would drive no matter where they were located.
I went back to MIN for a touch up appointment and the friendliness that I experienced the first time was definitely missing. It was slow, I was the only one in the waiting room and I wasn't even acknowledged. Perhaps the office was having a bad day. :-/
Lot's of burger places and this is another one.
Came here since the reviews sounded outstanding. We ordered the filet mignon and duck confit with vegetable. Service was great but I wouldn't recommend it over so many other great restaurants available  in Montreal. It kind of felt like a tourist attraction and the food quality is not that remarkable. Not much flavor and no creativity. Not worth the price.
Holy cow amazing!!!! Awesome onion rings and wings!!! The burger was perfection, Destinee big cups best cups ever!!!!! & amazing customer service
Fresh, tasty, authentic. Pretty decor. Casual yet elegant service. Definitely made me want to go back!
I really liked the sand on the patio making you feel u are on a beach. Happy hour is killer. And the corn hole game is fun. Great tacos.
The food and rolls on the happy hour menu are terrible, and the drinks are just OK. You have to sit in the bar area to get the happy hour prices, and it's always difficult to find somewhere to sit. I keep coming back here though, if I figure out why I'll update my review.
So glad I found this brewery in AZ while visiting family!!! Just absolutely loved the beer! Loved the atmosphere! Loved the food!! Great place you will not be disappointed!!
It's hit or miss here at Ocean Luxury. Sometimes it's amazing and sometimes it isn't.  I think it really depends on who you get.  They have a nice selection of polish.  The place is clean and comfortable.  They tend to run on the late side, even for appointments.
I heard this store had Bosco chocolate syrup so I had to go get some.  I briefly toured the store and prices and selection seem very good.  I will be glad when they open their new store in Henderson.
This place is delicious!!! The fish was really fresh and the rolls were huge!! We ordered 5 rolls and they are all amazing!!
Terrific place!  The fish tacos were perfect as was the service.  The atmosphere was quiet enough to have a business conversation.  A bit hard to find as the place is tucked well into a shopping area.  I will be back.
Had the super shrimp tempura roll & spicy tuna both were great. The chicken Korean BBQ was not my cup of tea. My boyfriend enjoyed it. Ordered the crazy dragon roll & was not appealing. Would eat here again but stick to my first 2 rolls. Good service.
Great place, Tapas and good dessert, try the pork Udon stir fry dish but deff try the Honey Toast with ice cream! Its sooo good
Had a good time here with some friends.  The food is on the cheap, beer is cheap and the setting is great outdoors.  Since its not really hot yet I can deal with the outdoor scene and the huge open patio area.  Check it out with some friends.  A nice, busy, outdoor place to grab a drink.
Nice store.  Cool staff.  Disappointed in the fact they're closing.  Not a big fan of dealing with an automated box or having to wait for stuff to get mailed to me.  Digital's nice but I cant watch those on my tv.  \n\nI'll personally miss them.
The only thing I have had here were some bacon wrapped jalapenos with a cilantro lime cream, which were delicious.
Authentic Chinese food, a rarity in this area of town!\n\nBlack bean cod, beef with Chinese broccoli, and ginger chicken. Absolutely tasty.\n\nLegit Chinese food.\n\nI'll definitely be back. See you there.
My favorite seitan wings in the city. The sauces are perfect and enough so that they aren't too dry. The seitan cheesesteak comes pretty close to the real thing!
We were driving around Chinatown looking for a great place to get some food and not spend too much money. Caf\u00e9 noodle satisfied our craving for late-night Chinese food.
They dont have many young children/toddler games like most of the other Chuck E Cheese ive been to. 4 games had an issue that my daughter played and wheb I called for assistance they moved reaaally slow and were not that friendly. I wont be going back to this cheese.
For a 'mid range' restaurant, it was really expensive - total tab for 2 came out to $120, which included a really bad bottle of white.  Oh well, I guess it is Vegas after all, where you can't expect to pay less than $50 per person for 'mediocre' food.
The last time I went, the service was horrid and the waitress was rude. But still, it's a great place to go for breakfast! I'm also a fan of the monte cristo sandwiches they serve.
Place is ok! Better now that they fired babe beckner! Dirty little pecker that he was! Place still seems like a hang out for the homeless
This place has ok tea but the price was rediculous and then the keep trying to upsale me. If I would have bought just 3 of the things they asked about I would have spent $100 for only a few ounces of tea.
While in town hopped the bus down to this mall, and I can say it as a waste of time.  Walked end to end nothing caught our interesting, and the food court was not very inviting ether, we left with nothing and have never been back.
Only beer and wine is pretty lame for being owned by the neighboring liquor store. However, the vibe is cool, doesn't get too crowded and no DBags hand out here. The absence of food also pulls the rating down, however it is a solid HH spot for you craft beer fans.
AMAZING, thank you to everyone from Josh the server to all the expediters who gave such great service.  The food, wine everything was just perfect.  Thank you!!!
This place rocks, coming from England and knowing what real good Indian food tastes like YOU CAN NOT DO BETTER THAN THIS PLACE. Prices are very reasonable and the staff are great. MUST GO if you want real good authentic Indian food.
Love this place. Everyone is fantastic. The girls up front can be spacey at times but their system is great and the email reminders are perfect.
Free wifi as the wife shops and a comfy sofa make this place a great store.
Easter Brunch here was incredible! Kudos to Chef Aaron and the St. Francis team. Their first attempt at brunch exceeded expectations and deserves recognition! They tweeted earlier this evening that brunch is in their future. Looking forward to this addition!
Good place to go for all your latest video games and console.Great place with two floors with all diffrent kinds of games for diffrent consoles.Nice looking shop in princess street.
The atmosphere is really cool but the options were not that great. I got a veggie sandwich and it was not that great.
Great service, bland food, good looking restaurant. I was concerned walking in on Saturday night at 7pm  to an empty restaurant. My concerns were justified. The food is beyond bland and not memorable. I doubt this restaurant can last in Scottsdale Quarter and would not recommend it to anyone.  2 stars only due to quality service.
Michael might want to pay a visit to this outpost.  Felt very uninspired and a bit careless in preparation.  Interesting that there's no place on Mina's website to provide feedback.  Unimpressed.
I paid $7.75 for chicken fingers. That is a typical price in the valley for fingers and fries. However there were 4 chicken fingers and that was it. Felt totally ripped off. Look at picture that I took of my \" Meal\" \n.
I love the theme of this hotel.  The Park Avenue rooms were really nice, especially the corner room we got, nice and quite place to pass out in.  The location is okay on the strip, but i still end up cabbing everywhere anyway.
I have been going this HT every since it opened, a long time ago. Good people and good customer service
Meh. The beer's good. Food ok. I'll go here, but never my 1st choice. Or 5th...
Cowboys!!!!!!! Not a business , this is a sham, let out their flats to any walk of life especially those who come without manners and any thought of noise to neighbours . Disgusting business .
Took my foodie parents here.  We all were sooo impressed.  Great drinks from the bar, and delicious fresh food.
NLS always takes care of me and Justin is a fantastic promoter. Definitely the guy to go to!
I'm not sure why everyone rants about the falafel wraps from this place. Every time I've had them (quite a lot of times on nights out, I'll admit) the actual wrap has been very hard. This place doesn't stand out to me!
Food was ok, service is just awful. Sat at the table for 40 minutes, server finally brought my drink after the food arrived. I order 4 street tacos, they were cold, but still mostly tasty. I work 20 seconds from here, but won't be back.
I was visiting Charlotte when I stumbled into this place.  Decor was great and the staff is extremely friendly!\n\nDefinitely one of the nicest hair solon's in Charlotte!
Sincerely appreciate their low key sales approach.\nThanks, ladies! :)
Great customer service with an old town bike shop feel. This is not a corporate store, the owners are truly into cycling and seem to care more about making sure you are getting you what actually need rather than just trying to make a sale. . . Rare thing in the west valley!
Cool hotel, efficient check in process. Remember to ask for a fridge if you need one, and we didn't have a little coffee maker.
Good coffee, friendly, and nice place. \n\nGreedy with their wifi need to spend at least $4 to for 1 hour and over $7 if want to use any longer than that where other coffee places have unlimited
Char burger describes the burger I had also. And my burger with one slice of cheese , fries and iced tea......$9.72. I'll pass.
Food's not bad, but not great. Very loud music. Service is lacking. And tonight they were out of the draft special and had no buns, so burgers were being served on white bread. Really.
What a great spot to have a 21 st birthday party for my little brother. It was one to remember. Like any strip club you have to pay.
I eat at chipotle 2-3 times a week. This is definitely the worst I've ever been to. The place was filthy and the staff was horrible.
Beautiful church. Friendly people.
As recent Los Angeles transplants, this has become our favorite place in Las Vegas to grab dinner to go. The Chicken Tikka is amazing and the Saag Paneer is one of our favorites that no one ever mentions. Can't recommend Mt Everest enough.
Surprisingly good.  The menu is not extensive but everything is good.  Very competent and helpful staff.  We were with a large group; the setup was perfect for that.
Great place for dinner. The steaks and seafood are first class and worth the price. Try everything on the menu.
This place is amazing... From their yogurts to their smoothies and teas you have to try them all. If you love boba this is the place to be!!!
The service is really poor here. I think the server is trying to lie to me that the food takes a long time to make, but it doesn't really take that long. She also gave me the wrong order when I asked for non-spicy but she gave me spicy. I am not coming here again.
I worked in the same parking lot as this place for years and never once went there until tonight.   WOW!  The food was fantastic and the service was even better.  I loved it and can't wait to get back there!
If I could rate it lower than one star I would.  Poor service, been waiting an hour for burgers.  When we questioned the waitress regarding the wait for food she replied, the kitchen isn't equipped to handle this many people.  It would be a nice location to open a freaking restaurant.
Refill propane gas tank for 4.4 gallons at $19.23 so-so.
Unreasonable price. Food quality is really BAD and has only very few kinds. You will definitely can have much better food with this price. They can survive by just bonding with tourist.
Great food great service! I've taken multiple friends here and have recommended it to lots of others who enjoy authentic Thai food! Love Thai House!
Crap. Bud Light, Miller Lite, Coors Light on tap and not much else. Guinness from a can?  Seriously?  Cold fried food and way overpriced appetizer sampler.  Server never offered silverware or condiments like salt. Avoid.
We stopped in again for a chocolate concrete which comes with one add on, in this case toasted coconut which did nothing for the shake.  A great shake, but I am glad we decided to share since it was very filling.
Pretty good and good prices.  Kind of busy! And the mac and cheese is delish
Large portions of decent food (large enough to share) and good friendly service.
I has a much better experience the second time I came in.  The guys were helpful and informative.  And cheerful.  They didn't have the car we needed but gave us lots of good info.
FIrst time at a Supper Club. Tons of fun! Definitely a different experience. Cod is delicious. Two pieces is plenty with all the extras you get (rolls, potato, salad, relish tray...)
Food: Mediocre\nService: non-existence \nPrice: over-priced\nCleanness: I wonder why this place is still open.\nOverall rating: 0.5 star
We love T-Bird!  It's a great place to eat with our toddler.  Service has always been great, food is cheap and comes out quick.  When we don't have a plan to go anywhere else, we always go to T-Bird.
Great food!  The lox and cream cheese scramble was delicious and I've never seen that on any other breakfast menu before. Only downfall...service was really slow.
I started going to Hand N Stone @ Tatum & Cactus almost 6 years ago and plan to continue. Evey one there has always made me feel very comfortable and  special. I have never had a bad massage and I get who ever is available. Love this place
The food was delivered late and cold. Extremely disappointing? they did not have enough staff to serve us and tend to us in a proper. With a meal in excess you expect much more
Love the meals they Are the best sea food in the Arizona area
I love Fuddruckers because I can put my own toppings on including gooey, melty fake cheese!  Also, they have frings (a combo of fries and onion rings).  Very tasty.
Seating was atrocious.  Poor setup.  Chips were stale. Salas were good.. tacos were mushy.  Pork belly was not crispy.  Nice looking little place but would not recommend.
This was pretty sad. Would of gave 2 stars but may be it was a slow night? Place was near empty at 10pm on a Friday night. The saddle ranches in LA are always jam-packed. Got a drink and left after 20 minutes
Great location, good service. Just an okay food experience. Chips were cold and salsa had more corn in it then a sauce dip for chips and salsa. I ordered the shrimp tacos they were pretty good.
Great food and great service. Vick was awesome!! I live at henderson but I drive all the way here to get masala dosa! It's delicious. I highly recommend this place!
It's an ok place. The pizza was cool but nothing special.
This place is mess-up. The food is typical KFC food when they have it in stock. It is hard to get original recipe.   The staff and management is totally useless. For the price the owner should get a better team to run this place.
The best thing is the cone bowl you can get with yogurt.  Their yogurt is not great.  Yogurtland or Menchies tastes better.  \n\nService is good though.
Had dinner here twice and was impressed with the food.  Ask for Robert as he provided great service.\n\nWhile there are a ton of options in the hotel complex and mall, this along with Mario Batelli's place were our favorites.
Food ok, but not for the price, dinner for two with 2 watery sangrias was $60! Service was incredibly slow, although it was busy for a Tuesday nite. The staff were running around, didn't look like they knew what they were doing. They should have this figured out by now.
love the turkey burger :) after a great workout!
This place needs new management.  Nothing to eat past 11 pm. The cafe has 3 items for ridiculous price and they are out of ingredients of those items?!?!  Time for a new hotel manager!
First time in Charlotte, first stop in this store, \nNice food and service! Will come again
Best to come and leave opposite of the mad crowd!
Waste of money!  Had a great salesman on the phone who sold me into everything I would get....I asked very specific questions to make sure I was picking a place to fit my needs.  They have fancy machines but are completely unhelpful.  I give them a ZERO out of 5.
Best wash in town. Amazing service! Amazing wash! Amazing prices. Thank you Curtis my car looks amazing!!!!
Terrible service.  They were not busy.  Took 10 min to get a beer.  20 min to get appetizer and 40 min from ordering to getting food.  Also waited most of that 40 min without anything to drink.  The also switched from pint glasses to plastic cups that held about 40% less but charged the same.
Terrible pizza. As a relatively new arizona transplant, I had been looking for a great local pizza joint. These guys charge restaurant prices for horrible rubbery SAMs club quality pizza. $30 for shit pizza. Don't waste your money.
Best gyro we ever had! Worth the drive!
Food arrived cool and mediocre.  Sent it back to be reheated and came back tepid.\n\nWaiter was very nice and comped it for me.  Might have been because they had two large parties arrive at same time.\n\nEmployees were friendly.
Come in here spend money. Girlfriend has to use the bathroom and management says it's closed. So I ask them to open it and they won't, crazy to me thanks for nothing Walgreens!
Food is what you'd expect it to be.   What is even better is the service here.   The manager that runs the place knows how to get good workers.\n\nIt just wish that they'd be more open minded on the politics.
Nice decor. Very modern. Only trouble is the pool does not ave an adults only pool. Other than that a nice hotel and resort. I would say this hotel s on par with Palazzo.
Food was actually ok.  The service was CRAZY slow.  It took our waiter 20 minutes just to take our drink order.  They weren't that busy.  I watched our waiter walk in and out of the kitchen/prep area with nothing in his hands.  Teach your staff to multitask!
I called and called and no one answered. Tried three times.  Is this pace even open?  Pretty sad.  Had to go elsewhere and they got our order wrong.  Open to new restaurant ideas for Thai soup. The best for me when I am sick!!
Food was okay but nothing great, Service was kind of slow, I think New New York has to step it up a notch in order to get the quality in great standing since Vegas is known for outstanding food and service!!!
Pretty solid lunch place for baja tacos.  They have a great salsa bar with a variety of flavors.  They are typically pretty quick with the food.  The tacos come with corn tortillas unless you ask for flour.  Don't forget the churro to round out your meal.  This is a great lunch place.
Service is slow
This store is usually understaffed. It is the second time I left without making my purchase. Boca Park seems to have more staffing at the busy times.
Sunday breakfast buffet no better than denny's.  Heard the champagne brunch which doesn't start til' 11 has more to offer but still not likely to be worth the money.
This place is freakin awesome. Everything is cooked fresh to order and the food is delicious. Everyone info is super healthy and all of the nutrition info is right on the menu. All of the staff or super friendly and I even brought my kids loved it as well. We come here multiple times a week now. I'm so glad they opened finally!
I like the concept and the exhibits were well planned and pretty well executed.\nBut at $17...it was really a tad too expensive. \nNot sure i'd recommend it to anyone else
Been here numerous times will not come back because of my greeter Daniel soooo rude! Just wanted the VIP wash and I understand they have to try to up sell but after telling him no 5 times he made a rude remark and walk away! Uncalled for!!! I will be going to Danny's or elsewhere from now on!
Total surprise... Was staying in the area and was recommended by the hotel staff. \nReally nice wait staff, and had a really good meal (pasta angel hair diablo chicken) with a Caesar salad.. Fair prices as well. Good stuff
I went in there with a leaking fuel line and instead of replacing a rubber hose they literally jammed a smaller piece of rubber inside the leaking part. Started leaking again with in a week.
Saw cockcroaches crawling on the floor. And there was hair on my togo when I got home. Threw the food into the trash
This is my favorite spot in the strip, too bad they keep messing up on food 3 several time in a row. But they made up for it by giving us another champagne or free breakfast. Must try this place, the scenery is very good, make sure you get a table in atrium area.
So well organized and so fun! I hope they do it again next year!!
They were very friendly, showed up on time and worked quickly to get the job done. I was happy with their overall service and will use them again in the future.
I guess you get what you pay for? It was $50 for a Friday night. Free parking which was nice. $10 extra to have our pooch which was also reasonable. Shower temperature was cold and never got hot. Sketchy area w/ randoms walking around.
Great-tasting deep dish pizzas.  They make a mean calzone as well.  I'm a little sad that they don't use fresh mushrooms.
My wife and I have been quasi regulars at the Gastropub for a couple of years. The food is great, the staff friendly, and the music is awesome. My only complaint is that the kitchen seems to get backed up regularly making the service painfully slow at times.
Ok. Nothing great and nothing bad. The bread was good. The service was ok. Probably not a place we will drive from Surprise for again. The food at Longhorn is better ... And closer.
the pretzels and beer cheese are a big plus. great beer and if the drunken singing isn't for you theres a great outside patio area. i came here on a friday night and was thrown off by having to wait in a line to get inside but nevertheless, i would go back if i was with a large group.
never want to come back
A photograph of the burning Twin Towers hanging on the wall of this 'pastry' cafe taken by the owner while staying in a hotel in NYC is an exercise in extreme insensitivity.\n\nUnbelievable.
First class everything,  service incredible. Great hidden gem in the heart of Charlotte.  I recommend staying.
Food - First rate; especially the dim sum\nService - OK\nHas the look and feel of a 1950s Vegas casino restaurant
Their tacos are small, but tasty. I fell in love with the adobada (spicy pork) tacos! Don't forget to add radish and lime, it's perfect when you're a bit peckish.
Great burger, Fry's were excellent (lots of salt which I loved) & wonderful service. I liked the food was made fresh & the burger was great! I ordered the single cheese burger combo & finished every bite.
Havent I told you yet that I love this place??  Great easy hike with some nice views of the valley from the top.  Short, sweet and centrally located :)
We eat here about once a month.  The service is always good.  Much of the food is mediocre.  The salad is always too finely chopped.  The gyros are a frozen product and not a very good one at that.  The hummus is watered down.  Mousaka and spanakopita are both pretty good.
This is a really great place to buy all your liquior needs! Its cheap and most definitely a spot if your friends are out in vegas and need to pre game before heading out of the hotel. Theres a bunch located in vegas!
Expensive and the food is very average.
The food was tasty and service was good. I didn't have any negative reactions to the food either (like I sometimes get with low quality Chinese food). The problem was that I was hungry like 45 minutes later, and my comrades that ate with me weren't full from their meals alone. The portion sizes are too small for lunch.
The best sandwich ever!!!
It's a very tiny restaurant, but the service is amazing and the green curry I ordered was pretty good, bit sweet but its flavorful.  Its not traditional thai food though, more americanized taste.  But for 5.95 drink included, its nice
There is one thing that you need for good food. This location did not have it. Flavor. \n\nIt's absolutely hard to create a dish without flavor. I'm disappointed. Greatly. The hollandaise sauce tasted like air! Not coming back.
For all you people who keep emailing me..... The Pinball Hall Of Fane is OPEN.
I had a kitchen can light out and couldn't figure it out.  I called Top of the Hill.  Keith came out same day.   He found a loose wire in the ceiling that could have caused a fire.  He also fixed a GFI problem at no charge.   I highly recommend his services.
Great food - and yes, its open to the public.  CLOSED MONDAY NIGHTS.  Just pull up to the gate, ask to go in to eat, and BOOM, you're in.  TRY THE BUTTER CAKE.
If you want a typical Thai restaurant with 15 generic noodle dishes then this is not the place for you. \n\nIf instead you like variety of creative and delicious options then you will love this place.
I love the entertainers and this club but can never go again because it is way too Much SMOKE it is so unhealthy I leave coughing and stinking.  SHAME no one else has brought this to your attention.
love this place!! like all its one of those places you come out of feelin finnneeee!!! start off the night with a lil landy and youll be set : )
For the price this place is not that great. You pay the amount thinking that you will have the best steak ever and then it doesn't happen.\n\nService was slow, but the drinks were good. Go to Outback and pay less and get the same quality food.
This place was great! Not a fancy place by any means. But the guy was very nice, the croissants were delicious and everything was so cheap in comparison to other places in Montreal. Would highly recommend it if you are looking for an authentic french croissanterie experience.
They have a great selection of food! \n\nI really like the Korean restaurant in the back of the store!
So since we live around the block and were lazy we decided to give it another shot. Again sushi was ok nothing to brag about cooked food took forever to come! Waiter was horrible !\n\nWon't be back for sure this time. I don't care how close this place is!!!!!
I love jersey mikes but today this place had brown lettuce and very poorly trained staff....avoid this one
Perfect place for korean/japanese ingredients.  There are a variety of meats but the prices are sky high.  I usually come here for the sauces and panko.  There are also fresh korean pan chans.
Tried for the 1st time last night. I haven't had kung pao chicken this good in 20 years. wife had the moo goo gai pan and raved about it too. Takeout. Will def become a regular patron.
If a 1\" x 1\" tattoo is $250 - $300, then at the very least you'd think they'd be friendly and cool to talk to. Yeah. Not so much. And that, my friends, is how you lose potential customers and get a bad Yelp review.
We absolutely loved the carne adovada. Hubby had it with eggs and I had a burrito with green sauce. Fabulous smoke flavor. Our new favorite restaurant. Recommend the pasta Heidi too. Fantastic!
Cleanest restrooms I've ever seen! The only thing that makes this bar a dive is that it is smokey and located on fremont street. But other than that this bar is really cool. Signature cocktails are also tasty. Try em out.
Food gets worse every time I go there.  Seems to have high staff turnover. Not what it once was.
Had a couple of happy hour apps here, all flavorless. Bacon wrapped scallops: bacon undercooked, scallop overcooked.  Seared Ahi Tuna:  flavorless.  Pork sliders:  Not bad, but not memorable. Service was good. Go to Tutti Santi in the same mall instead.
The gammon steak and chips is my all time favourite from the heid sheep in, it is a nuce and cosy pub with lovely and welcoming staff and reasonable prices.
This place is always buzzing with customers. Great place for asian pastries. They have a huge variety despite the size of the shop. They even have a taro puff pastry that I cant find in Los angeles. Only complaint, a little on the expensive side. But there is no other store that can compare.
Food was bad, service was non existent (we had to go find our server to ask for our check), restaurant was ambienceless. No wonder it was 90% empty when we walked in.
I haven't been to Bobby-Q's in years. It was amazing. Great food! The mashed potatoes and stuffed potato were great. All of their potato products, really. Everyone was very courteous and made sure dinner went smoothly. Rishad was our server and treated us well, and on a busy night even. Thanks!
Hit the lazy river and if you can fit it in your bag, bring a small inner tube so you don't have to rent one. Great atmosphere.
Super solid steakhouse. \n\nGreat service. Great steaks. Ambiance is romantic. The live music is a nice touch.\n\nFantastic addition to the Phoenician Hotel.
Does anyone know who the manager of this place is? My wife just was told by the manager that she had 1 min before they closed and then he had the nerve to say \"don't make me say it again\" needless to say she walked out. Nice customer service.
Die Pizza war wirklich ganz gut. Der offene Wein vom Fass war eher \"geht so\". Die Wartezeiten sind schon auch nicht von schlechten Eltern.
Food was great and reasonably priced with restaurant.com coupon. I would've gave five stars if the waiter wasn't so cocky and direct.
Awesome show. Decent price. Interactive. Fun and family friendly. What more can ya ask for? Had a great time. Very talented musicians!
Dry chicken, decent Gyro meat. Super average food overall. Really friendly service however.
Il Forno ... much MUCH better!
Real New York Pizza in Charlotte!!  Steele Creek store is excellent, South Tryon by Walmart isn't as good.
This salon is well past it's prime.  I've patronized it for several years now.  Definitely not what is used to be. More like a factory.  Slam bam thank you mam.  \nTry Ali's Nail nearby.  That's what I call a salon !
Place could use a thorough scrubbing and updating of decor. Service was very good, but only about three tables of customers as we went in during late afternoon. The food was just okay and certainly not very good like it used to be there.
Hotel was alright. Considering it was a free stay I can't complain much. The rooms are good size, they had a tv, shower, beds, and everything we needed.\n\nThe pool was also pretty nice. I wish it was a little bigger. Location was good because it was near everything pretty much.
Vegan options in downtown Vegas!!! Pizza was super tasty and the service was pretty decent. Half way through baking my pie they remembered that I only wanted mushrooms on half, so they took it out of the oven and picked them off.  Kind of weird, but whatever.  Nice gesture, but paws off my pizza! Lol.
The service is fast and friendly. Good size portions. Each time i have had their food i have enjoyed everything. Its not the best Chinese food if all time, but its good food for a good price.
Clean, modern, well laid out, free Wifi, and lots of seating. It is a big airport, but it doesn't really feel that way. \n\nI thought the food courts were nice and spacious.
We were in Vegas to celebrate my son's 21st birthday and chose this for dinner.  Great atmosphere even though it's small and in a strip center; great waitstaff and more importantly great food.  You won't be disappointed unless you are looking for pretense.
Dirty and several people off the streets parking themselves at tables. If I wanted this atmosphere I would go to the gas station and pay 50cents for a hot cup of Jo then piss on my shoes.
Only thing this place had going was the convenience of the buffet. Now gone service and food always subpar.  New ownership?.   Still not near the quality of anything in 20 mile radius.   Don't waste ur time
Food is good. Service & environment a little strange, but it's doable.
Too many TVs tuned to horse racing, bartender and servers all must've been having bad days. Can't comment on the food. Two stars for good beer selection, but lots of better choices nearby.
We went there the ambiance was nice but the food was served close to cold and we waited 40 minutes to get it. The waiter just said he was sorry. We had a choucroute and a flammenkuch, they were'nt good at all. Not only because they were cold...
Ordered a taco made from the moon. IT was dry and filled with tons of cheese...where's the beef. I saw the beef like it was on a glory hole. Darn thing didn't even taste like meat. It was dry. I will never go to this place. Expensive too...
$1 burger night on Tuesday. Add ons more.
Great breakfast, lunch and dinner! Always have football Sunday specials and happy hour specials!
Favorite place in Pittsburgh.
this place sucks...... well... I take that back, the service was ok but the food sucks
My son really enjoys the instructors at this dance center and it's in a very convenient location near our new home in Summerlin. I would recommend it to anyone wanting to get their kids into dance or tap.
Very disappointed in tonight.. Especially when I spend an average 100-150 every time That's all I have to say
We bought a 6\" yellow cake with oreo filling. The cake was dry and the frosting tasted like crisco & powdered sugar! My 2 1/2 year old didnt even eat it (and she is a seet hound)! Honestly, I could have made a better cake myself.
I've been going to Border Grill for a few years and they have really improved over the years! They have a new look, new menu and new chef...very good Mexican food! A bit pricey...it's Vegas!
The food is quite tasty. The vegan chicken sandwich tastes almost like real chicken. A bit pricey though... Almost $15 for a soup and sandwich.
Always friendly smiles to ask for your order. Clean fast and fresh. Nothing better than that. Only downside is the long lines inside and in the drive thru.
I'm a big fan of San Tan.  The food is good and the beer is better.\n\nThis review was easy.
This location is not closed! I will write another review after visit later this evening!
Great service.  Ashley was so nice and explained the menu items. The garlic knots are super good. Great place. Can't beat it!
Last week my friend birthday and we went to eat at wicked spoon buffet at Cosmo , we don't like it because the employee at seafood section was so rule and mean ,we never coming back and eat there again
This place sucks they took out the only decent place to eat, Leaving only fat food options for our military members who are supposed to be fit!  I am not coming back
Cheap and fast -express !! - delicious hummus and taromasalata , the burgers weren't bad ,  a convenient location for where I was working - myself and colleagues had around fifteen meals here in the space of a week , - nothing wrong with any of them.
The food tasted good but my stomach hurt shortly after...  My friends' tummies were OK so guess it was just me.\n\nThe restaurant claims to have famous meatballs and their meatballs are indeed tasty.
This place is awful. One roll cost almost $17 and was the same quality sushi you would get at Von's. You can get better sushi at a convenience store. Avoid this place.
Decent Prices, great food. But what sold it for me was the friendly staff and their sense of humor. It's hard to find a restaurant with staff that's willing to shoot the shit with you and an owner that has fun with what he does. More variety in the menu would make it a 5.
Knowledgable and caring staff.  well stocked and neat.
I have worked with Ann Adams for years!  She is very knowledgeable about the real estate market - goes above & beyond to make sure your deal will happen & not let the small items fall through the cracks.  Very thorough and has a great team backing her up!!!
My husband has never seen a drag show, so I wasn't sure what he would think. We had the BEST time!  We laughed, we clapped and laughed some more.\n\nThe male entertainers are bar far the best, I have ever seen in a drag show.  See this show, you will not be disappointed.
I like the tea smoked duck here quite a lot.
Great location, and always fun!
Shamaine had the unenviable task of cutting and styling my mop.  However, she did an awesome job.  The shampoo and head massage almost put me to sleep I was so relaxed.  \n\nI found my new stylist
This place is legit.  Good place for BBQ when you are craving it in Vegas.
I hate to say this, but out of all of the cupcakeries I've tried, Cream & Flutter is my least favorite.  From frosting to cake...very disappointing.  Maybe I should go for a cookie next time?
Great atomsphere and good pizza. However this isi not a place for kids also they are very reasonalbly priced
Some of the best tacos I've ever had. I just wish they carried pico de gallo or red sauce.
Dirty, dirty, dirty. The health department should close this place down. My shoes were sticking to the floor.  Worst food ever too! Save your money.
Great place. I had a birthday dinner last week. The food and service was great. Friendly staff .. Very pleased.
Cocktails are amazing, the food was uneven and less inspired than I had hoped for.  If you're going to go here you might as well get the rib eye for the main course, you can't go wrong with rib eye and the rest of the entree menu ended up being pretty lackluster.
Have always had the be at experience here while in Vegas. The dinner menu has a lot of options. I like the decor and intimate lighting. Huge Candy cocktail was deliciousness! \nBest to make reservations here. Weekend nights they have a dj and play a good mix!
One of my favorite salsas in the valley green and both red both have a great sweet flavor.  The pork here is extremely tender and a great smoked flavor to it.  Overall high quality Baka style Mexican one of my tops
Great Location and View.. excellent Tapas and awesome Sangria
Horrible! Food took forever! Forgot hash browns. Finally brought hash browns when I was done with my meal! Didn't get drink refills! Will not be back!
Before this Lowe's, I was a hard-core Home Depot fan. The level of service, quality of Merchandies and general location turned me around. I've always been able to quickly find someone who will help find exactly what I need - hard to beat.
Outstanding little restaurant. Service was prompt and the food was delicious! If your in the area, you should definitely try it out.
This place pretty much sucks..this is my first time staying in a old type hotel coming to vegas...hooter girls were pretty much nasty.not like the ones out in cali. ..won't be staying here again ...
Cheese was pure solid, too salty, and half an inch thick. Way too greasy, partially from being too cold, partially from just being greasy. Crust was pretty good. A major plus is that it actually looks and feels like a pizza place inside.
Their drinks is pretty good. They have a different way of making their smoothies, which I find it interesting. Compare to The Street up the road, they both are good smoothies shop.
I tried the Polish Room for the first time today. It was very busy but the staff were courteous. I was impressed by the cleanliness and liked my nail tech, Michelle. I will definitely go back!
It's a mall with rooms. All the pools are only three and a half feet deep. It's terribly bland.
Extremely cute shop! Very cozy and colorful!\n\nGreat variety of cloth diapers and accessories!
Slow service, expensive but good Sushi. The angel roll (desert) was awesome.
Wine is very, very good. Food is just \"ok.\" Ambience is fun, but the live music was like a bad lounge act.
Already love this place, they have a little bit of everything and proves that quantity and quality can coincide. Can't beat how fast they are either, not Jimmy Johns but still pretty good.
I hate this walmart MORE than I hate most walmarts!!! this is like that bad rash you have that you HOPE will go away with a trip to the free clinic but only gets worse and your are forced to amputate!!
Great place fun a fun, social dinner.
Not only is the food overpriced and barely edible, the service is horrible! For the money, if you really need a chain restaurant, head down the road to Chilli's.
For japanese fast food, I love it. I can run in, order, head out pretty quick. The staff is friendly. If you want to eat the place has always been really clean. I just wished they deliveried!  :))
It's Carowinds. Some good rides. Most surrounded by stuff you won't ride or games you won't waste money on. The kids will have fun, no doubt. The people are nice enough. The group hospitality is very good with great brisket and chicken. They make you feel welcome. Just enjoy it.
So yummy! The BREAD...got a plane to catch and making this a priority destination stop for munchies later. The wait is super long but worth it. Good things come with patience.
I've eaten at HOT for a holiday party as well as for dinner. Filet mignon was perfectly cooked on both occasions. The warm bread with \"special\" butter is a great starter.\n\nPatio setting is great. Pretty garden with overgrown trees.\n\nExcellent service.
i like this place.  it was enjoyable.  except when they played \"get bucc in here\" 3 times within a 2 hour time span.
Brought some Michael Kors sandals here to fix a piece of leather that fell off. He replaced the leather with a perfectly matching piece. It was only $15 for the repair. Great service. Nice man. I will go back for any shoe repairs I need.
We were there for lunch and had both below average food and poor service. The waiter actually would like look away as he passed as if he were looking over other tables...there were only five tables occupied and he only had only a couple.
LOVE this place! This is hands down my favorite spot for a weekend brunch. With great food, extremely friendly staff, and a pet-friendly patio, this is a weekend staple!
Bad experience checking in, 40 minutes to be issued a card ($5.41) which didn't work when finally made it to a tee. Waited again to get that fixed. Lousy service, lots of personal information required to get started. Still waiting to play 55 minutes after arriving.
Such a great, consistent burger! Just finished my 7th one, and I can't stop. You can grab one and be in and out in 10 minutes. Friendly staff too. Seriously, if you haven't tried it, do it...you'll thank yourself later.
I like chipotle, but this location is not the good at service. It takes them really long time to serve food and lot of time its cold and not fresh. Service could improve bit better since, they have given me wrong item many times. I only go there because its the closest location to my house. Overall (2/5)
The number for the business had been disconnected and the weblink does not work
Front desk lady is nice nasty. Instructors are average at best. My daughter, who is a great dancer, was bored and unchallenged.
Oh...My...OH...MY!!!  The Sangria's are to die for!!!  The burgers are fabulous too!
Best carwash place in Vegas. Spent 1 hour perfecting my car for only $27... So I tipped em $10 :-))
Sorry, our starbucks card system is down...  Funny, other credit cards work just fine. Time to get your act together and support your own payment system
I've been here a couple of times and the only thing that pops into my head is MEH. The BBQ Sauce is meh and leaves a nasty lingering after taste. The Rib Tip platter is ok, nothing to get too excited about this place. Meh, I've experienced better.
Everything was just ok... Drinks took forever! Food was just ok... Atmosphere decent but nothing special.
I asked if they made cake and they didn't at the moment. Upsetting ;(\nBut otherwise. Have to admit. The slice cakes they have up front are really good. Not so sweet, just perfect.
Vegans and vegetarians beware. Chicken stock in the rice, sausage in the black beans and butter in the refried beans! Wish we woulda stuck with mad mex. Waitress is very nice though.
Only thing missing is a pool. Also the track iirc is 1/8th miles, so it takes a LOT of laps to get any real jogging in. Other than that this place is great.
Quantity over quality, low price over customer service.  No credit cards?  ... get with it.  Liquor store is impressive but overall it's a below-average supermarket.
Best mexican food in Casa Grande...and better than anything I've had in Phoenix.  Authentic, delicious food at VERY reasonable prices.  Not fancy, no BS.  Five stars.
Nice atmosphere, and fine service.  The food was very tasty! (Thanksgiving dinner plate, and Jambalaya)  If the food options here were a bit healthier I think I'd give it 4 stars, but the menu is very large and I may just not have looked hard enough!  Anyways, overall a very nice dinner
You know, I really wish Gold's Gym staff would stop harassing me with messages here...read my review for why I left. I will never, ever go to a Gold's Gym again.
It wasn't the greatest food. They fried the onion rings with the fish. The prices was way too high.
A delightful surprise. Small setting with funky, comfortable surroundings. Friendly staff, excellent Fentiman's ginger beer, fresh spring mix with good balsamic vinaigrette, salami and roasted veggie sandwich. Just the thing for lunch.
I actually enjoyed this Pool Party Ditch Fridays! No cover charge, music was good, ambiance was good! Food & Drink are always expensive I mean its Vegas!! But when you get in free, why complain!!
Oh wow has the food at this place got better or what? I went in here with my friend and we had what was a prefix meal. It started with the quinoa salad which was amazing really amazing and then we had a main dish plus you get the bread we had wine it was fantastic I would highly recommend it
The tres leches dessert is phenomenal.\n\nThe guacamole is kinda bland and the salts served with the nachos are fun. The chile relleno is unacceptable.\n\nDiego should be really happy that the tres leches is so damn good.
Pretty good and a step above most fast food. Buffalo chicken sub with lettuce and tomatoes was solid and good-- enough for 2 meals.
Amazing lunch spot. Great pizza that is wood fired and prepped the way you like it. Highly recommend the buffalo chicken!
Cute, quaint, fairly inexpensive, quality tea shop. Lots of variety! I tried the lemon and lavender cake, my girl friend had a slice of the hummingbird cake. Both beautiful (it helps) and delicious. We should've ordered tea, though!
I was brought here by some friends and co workers. I haven't ever been here and I must say it was perfect. This place was very friendly and very delicious. The shanty was my favorite drink. I highly recommend the chicken mole.
Nice ER, staff, and hospital. My issue with them was that they misdiagnosed my condition while I was out in Vegas traveling. But then again no one could have accurately diagnosed my sickness including several doctors here in California.
This is a review of the snack bar area. I love Target but the snack bar area is a freakin dump! Every single table right now is filthy and doesn't look like they have been cleaned all day. Gross...and they aren't even busy. I wish the health dist would pay thus slop hiuse a visit.
They are wholesale to the trade, but are very helpful to home DIY guys. The is the best spot in town to get swamp cooler supplies.
This place is crap. The idea is awesome the outcome is simply not. The fries were scrawny and had no flavor. The shakes were watered down. The burgers were plain tasting. Bottom line: this place has nothing to offer. Stick to In n Out.
Nice, environmentally friendly, cafe, market, food establishment.  Can be a little on the pricey side, but good quality.
I'd been meaning to try this place forever.  I think I was craving thai food so I ordered Pad thai and pad see ew.  Not the best I've had..  I wouldn't order these here.  Maybe their chinese food is better?  They said the owners were Chinese...
To me buffets for the most part are the same, same Food options, same taste, so I may not be a huge buffet goer, it was just okay,  and pricey if you have an appetite your winning but if not it can be a waste
I loved Nadjege!! I found her using yelp and was won over by the many great reviews about her waxing. She is extremely professional and informative. I will be back soon for a facial!
This place has delicious food! The wait can be long if you have a large group but it's worth it! It is expensive but I really enjoy the food so when I am in the mood to spoil myself I hit up Lucille's!
Great hotel! Service was quick and professional, workout center was perfect. Ill stay there again
Had the grilled shrimp pasta and was delicious. Love the fresh salad and bread sticks.
Stadium seating is cool and it offers IMAX.  This is usually my go to movie theater on the west valley.
Hopefully the service improves with time
Big hotel - big lions - kind of like the way I thought Vegas would be with all the restaurants and shows located on-site that you could hope for. Saw Ka here.
Great great customer service. Attentive waitresses, busboys and management. Incredible margaritas. Food is positively terrible and mixed drinks taste like watery booze. If you're going for happy hour margs then go for it. Avoid dinner and anything besides margaritas.
Not the easiest airport to get in and out of but hey... Where else are there slot machines next to baggage claim!?  \n\nInsider tip, book early flights, they are more convenient and cheaper than late nite.
Flies...And honestly, there are too many other restaurants in Vegas to waste a nice dinner here..My date and the amuse bouche were the best things there.
From start to finish this place is the wrong place to buy a vehicle. One word describes it. Terrible!!!!
Mediocre food for a hefty price. Service wasn't impressive either. There are much better fine dining options in Las Vegas that are \"trendy\".  I mean it wasn't horrible but it was a disappointment :p
Food was bland and cold. Flavors didn't go well together. Way over priced for the quality of food.  If you're thinking about trying it, go to panera bread instead.
Great tour and education about the three Rs rescue, rehab and release. Very friendly employees and amazing animals. Worth the trip from anywhere. I hope to volunteer soon!
Pas un bar pour aller discuter entre copines : la musique est bien trop forte pour s'entendre parler. Dommage
Definitely better than it's been over the last few years.  I'm not sure if they waitress was over loaded, absent minded, or just bad at her job, but she kept forgetting stuff.  Another waitress kept picking up her slack, so that was good.
They just do not listen when you order, found myself having to repeat everything. Is it just me or are the people who work at Chipotle or Subway about the most miserable of any fast food? If you can get past the staff and their perma-frowns, the food is pretty decent.
There's nothing new York about it really,but the owners there and he's nice!had lilys turkey cranberry which was good!a foot long will definitly be a leftover meal!
Great $5 deal before noon and parking is free.  I like this theater and we get good deals with rewards for popcorn and soda with free refills.
Wrong food and then they re-served part of the old plate and still got the eggs wrong.  Manager did not even apologize and only comped one plate when two were done wrong.  Will not go back. They do not want your business or have any respect for their customers.
Mediocre food and awful service. Seriously...spend your $ somewhere else. Customer service isn't on the menu here.
Great experience. Great shop. Great people. Brandy gave me an awesome blow out, such a pleasant atmosphere! 35 bucks was well worth it!
Quickest airport I've been through! The precheck facility allows you to roll through with a jacket and shoes! Also no headache with taking your laptop out!
Elephant Bar is a place we used to frequent for work meetings and although the food is decent, I never understood the interest in this place. In a city with a ton of diverse dining options, this would not be my first choice but it is definitely decent. Pricey but edible.
good Starbucks, busy because it's inside the outlet mall. (i should know, i work in a Starbucks inside a mall)\ni had a very light lunch, which was just the egg salad sandwich and iced caramel macchiato. \ngood job partners!
What amazing service! I go there once a month, and it's like going to a five star restaurant!! Jenny gives great pedis, and it's the cleanest place in the world, with the best amenities! Keep up the great work!
Switch is still a bit of a hidden Gem... when FEZ is packed you can always find a seat. The eats + drinks are great, and the outdoor patio is reminiscent  of a European cafe.
I had genuinely amazing customer service at this location from two different employees. I wish I would have gotten their names, but they made me feel so welcome and special. Glad I decided to stop in! Thanks guys!
Great golf course.  The padre is a great 18. 4 tee boxes, range is always included. The carts are new and always clean and nice. full size GPS with ability to see others on the course is one of the things I love about Camelback.
This store is well put together and in a shopping center close to rite-aid,red bowl Asian bistro, wendys,pizza hut, Bojangles and etc....clean store and very easy to find things...
I've been to a few of David's business mentoring classes and I've enjoyed them all. He keeps the class fun and engaging. The information he presents is important for all business owners to think about. He's a good coach and clearly has a lot of experience at what he does. Looking forward to the next class.
Nice to see some yahoo driving like a maniac and smoking his cigarette in the \"non-smoking\" limo. I wouldn't rent from these guys on a bet.
Mmmm food is great and the service matches up to the greatness of the food. I don't understand why some people say they don't get answers to their questions because I was helped out just fine. I will def. be back when i'm back in town.
I am a regular and love this diner! But it was 94 degrees in there today!
My fiance and I go down to Hob Nob almost every Thursday. 1/2 off chicken sandwiches and $5 domestic pitchers = AWESOME! Trivia and Karaoke. Jenna the bartender is great! Lots of TV's with sports :) I'm a fan!
Good Stuff can't beat the happy hour. Definitely sign up for their email prior to going in and you should receive a free bruschetta board email.
We have generally enjoyed our visits to Humble Pie over the years but have recently noticed quite a bit of inconsistency. The pizza is great one week and the next  burnt to a crisp as if prepared with a blow torch. A bit more quality control is in order.
The food is good, but the wait time is ridiculous. We waited for two hours, so to make up for the wait, we ate for about two hours!
I also tried the beef tacos and chilaquiles and they were fantastic. The chilaquiles can be made to order with your choice of meat and sauce. Since this place opened, I think I've been to La Tolteca or Chico's Grill only once.
Raw bloody chicken.  1 star for the atmosphere.
Very good! A unique Italian and menu that allows you to construct your own meatball dish. The second floor does pizza and the third has an partially open-air rooftop bar. Cool place!
One word: YUMMY!!!! Except for the Ikura with quails eggs were $11 an order, lol, that's one expensive Ikura!! But really really good!
I've been here a few times. Pizza is worth trying and the draft list is great. However, that all means nothing when the service is horrible. Last time I was there I sat at a table near the bar for 15 minutes without anyone acknowledging me and it wasn't even busy.
Paradise Juice is awesome!! Real fruit and vegetable juices made to order, and a huge selection of healthy smoothies and sandwiches. If you're on a juice fast or just like adding some healthy juice to your diet, Paradise Juice makes it easy!
Went and found the place closed. Sad because I was really looking forward to it. There was no sign on the door explaining the reason for closing, but everything had been removed from the front window. Obviously will not be reopening anytime soon, if at all.
Pretty good food, not excellent, and quick service make this a great breakfast or lunch spot. Definitely take advantage of the other great restaurants in this hotel for dinner. HUGE menu, lots to choose from and HUGE portions. I had a salad and it was enough for 4 people, no kidding. Go for lunch and share!
Nice pub down a side street.  The draft beer selection is okay but not great.  Bottles are better.\n\nTerrace is nice.  There are lots of places to sit inside.  \n\nGood service.
Finally ! Perfectly grilled fish! The Taco Mountain with Ono & MahiMahi was excellent! The owner Kim is a real nice guy too. We'll be back for sure.
Hostess was not very educated on what is considered the bar area and where happy hour pricing is active.
Some of the burger sauces are strange. I like to stick to the basics when it comes to my burger but hands down the best fried pickles and sweet potato fries I've ever had.
Decent coffee. My issue is with the Internet connection. I came to get some work done but was unable to secure a connection for longer than 20 minutes or so.
This is now called Fahrenheit Tanning. They are very friendly and reall care that you don't get burned. Never a wait and the rooms are clean and good in size.  I love the fans, they are powerful and keep you cool. Can't wait to see serious results.
The wait here is ridiculous. 50 minutes?! Never coming here again. Late for work thanks.
Food is lousy mainly because waitress does not listen . Music is great but eat elsewhere first. Even trying to fix errors the food is only less then fair. Have not eaten in 9 hours so very hungry and still skipped much of it. Need better wait staff and kitchen
stopped here for some studying, so i was looking for a solid cup of coffee that would keep me going. what i got: watery \"coffee\" that didn't taste good or give me that buzz i was looking for. meh at best for the product, but the atmosphere was nice.
I find it hard to believe that this store is the largest in the world. Style Galeries Lafayette, I found it dated, poorly organized, period escalators, difficult to navigate, the same brand ending up with several floors. Disappointed we only had a short time. Maybe would it take to persevere?
Not a big selection of bicycles to pick from but they are built to last.\nThis is the best place to get bicycle repairs in Arizona.
Good wings and very good boneless wings. Limited draft beer collection. Overall a good place to hang out and watch sports, eat wings and have a few beers. Service is a bit slow at times
Very clean with great service.  Best chow fun i've ever had.
Used to frequent Rigatony's before moving from Chandler. Always got a good portion at a reasonable price. Now the prices have gone up and the portions have gotten smaller. Our waiter was more interested in chatting than serving. He forgot my drink order. Food is still good, but not the exception it used to be.
Needed a key made, wanted to find a place that was on my way home. Checked  Yelp, and found Dave's. It's everything the others said. Must also give props to the four legged greeters, Shortstop and Gizmo!
cute joint, good beer selection, art collection is ever changing, live music, smoker's section...just make sure you get here a little early on the weekends otherwise you'll be standing.
We eat here almost every weekend and the food is awesome!! service is great definitely a plus in my book. blows filibertos away if you can even compare the two.
Not very good parking. Restaurant wasnt very clean. \nStaff was very friendly, fajitas were good and prices reasonable. Will repeat.
Best place in town Susan is the best bartender ever. Great food. Tanner is the best server ever. If you want friendly service come to this place!!!
I am amazed how consistently awesome the service is at Dutch Bros Coffee.  Not only this one, but all of the locations.  I always love good energy and all you Dutch Bro team members have it.....You Guys Rock!
Food is pretty awful.  Kurt waitresses, but the building is nice.  If you are going for a game then this will be fine, but if you're looking for good food go elsewhere.
Nothing fancy...good omlet, very reasonable prices.\nI have only been once...willing to try it again.\n\nWent back....everything was satisfactory.\nNice.\n\nService is excellent...very friendly.
Stop by for Minute.. was on Mill on 11-5 after 10pm..  bathroom was poor, floor need attn. Bar Staff didnt acknowledge me.. Signage outside not easily readable.
After all the reviews trashing this place --much to my surprise I liked the chicken taco salad!  Guacamole was tasty. Also restaurant was calm and not too noisy.  Nice respite from the airport.  Service was also good and overall I was glad I went in.
Great trails for all levels of ability. Bring plenty of water and wear good shoes (leave the flip flops at home). There is a great little welcome area with a topographic map, bathrooms, and water fountains, even one for dogs. The views are beautiful and the trails are well marked and well kept.
Anytime I am craving my grandmother's cooking, I grab something from Rose Tea to take home. I highly recommend the beef pancake roll and their house special rice cakes. You can't go wrong with anything on their menu and their bubble tea is the best I've had in Pittsburgh!
This place is pretty bad, everything Is frozen and microwaved, stood there and watched the trainee warm up the food. And everything taste like lean cuisine meals, portions are small prices are pretty high for the quality of food
Love Jamba Juice! Fresh made smoothies and delicious hot oatmeal. If you see a menu item that sounds pretty good don't be afraid to ask for a tweak. The workers are always accommodating with changing recipes to suit your tastes.
The best restaurant in Gilbert.  Period.  If you have kids there is no where else better.
Suren is very creative and it's very easy to work with him. He has a positive attitude and a ton of energy. Was a great pleasure working with him, even though I'm not a big fan of posing in the pictures. Good quality photos for a very reasonable price. Would definitely recommend him.
The taste of the yogurt is excellent, and luckily I came in on $0.35/oz Tuesday. However, the strawberries were more frozen than the yogurt (which melted quickly) and my teeth hurt.
Food is great!!!   They do however need more servers!!!  We waited long to order, get food and finally eat, then longer for the bill.
This is not a Walmart, the standard were low. Customer eating in the aisle and the beer selection sucked but if you are a bud fan welcome to your heaven, enjoy
I love meat on a stick!  The adobada tacos are so juicy and delicious.  Odd selection of sodas - they have fountain horchata and whips along with the normal Coke products.
Always great food, drinks & energy! If you are at the Fashion Show Mall this place is worth your visit. Good margaritas and yummy food! Their special events are excellent too. I have not had a chance to go to the cooking events but I have wanted to. It was fun to do Cinco de Mayo here!
Ultra rude! Walked in to ask about getting my cat groomed and you would have thought I was trying to rob the place. Either way, I won't be back.
My palate would say this place is mediocre at best. My digestive tract would declare, \"stay away!\" Yuck. I was a patron here one time...and I believe it will stay that way.
What a great authentic Italian spot. Get groceries, fresh made pasta, or have a sandwich. I go here mostly for the sandwiches, which are the best in town. The meatball sandwich is excellent, but I like to make my own Italian combo sandwich which is superb every time.
This is by far, my favorite mexican food place. The chips are sooo good. and everything else is good. The workers are really nice too. \n\nand they have sangria ! :)
I really wanted to love this place. The atmosphere is cool, very old school vegas! The food wasn't very good. My husbands lasagna was dry and my chicken was over cooked. \nThere are so many great Italian resturants in vegas in this price range so no need for me to ever return.
I don't get the hype of this place.  Maybe it's a west coast thing but the burgers were small, thin, and bland and the special sauce was whack.  Cookout is greater than In-N-Out burger.
Loved the mexican pizza.
When i used to get off at midnight I'd go here. almost every time the tacos were messed up and thrown together, order messed up multiple times.
Terrible in every way.  Food was awful the decor is hideous and very expensive.  If your visiting Vegas do not stop here.
Great Happy Hour ! Our family loves to eat at this  restaurant. We love the sliders. Teriyaki pizza,  crunch roll , 777 roll , and poke.  The waitress was so nice and friendly and  the food was great , Asahi  beer  for only $2.  We look forward to eating here everytime we come to Las Vegas!
The first time I ordered from them was great, but after that, overcharged, undercooked, wedgies with almost nothing inside them, forgot ot bring my whole order, 2 hour wait times, made wrong, and got sick. Done with this place.
The Palazzo is just like the Venetian, but with different furniture, a TV in the bathroom, an L-shaped couch bed, and automatic curtains.  Just like the Venetian, the size of the rooms is great for the price you pay, but there isn't really that much of a difference between the two hotels.
another americanized asian food, taste really bad
I don't really care for the selection of shops at Tivoli Village. Not much there strikes my interest. The area is very well designed though and looks quite lovely. My favorite part of Tivoli Village is the weekly farmers market.
By far one of the worst meals I've had. The bathroom was backed up and all over the mats. That set the tone of my experience there
Monday afternoon no one in the store and I walked around the store and no one even said hi to me. Terrible because I really liked this jacket but no one to help me .
Their Loco Moco not all that Loco good. The gravy they add is a little weird for my taste, it's not sweet or sour, it's more of a bitter taste. The Macaroni is decent. I also tried the Portuguese Musubi is good, as for the Manapua dumplings.
The BBQ pork fried rice was too Americanized.  But the other items were delicious.  Good dinner deal, comes with soup and rice.
Sushi did not taste fresh.  And whatever sauce they used on my not-fresh dragon roll almost made me puke.  Service was decent though.  That deserves the one star I am forced to put on here.
Just wanted to give two thumbs up to McCarran for offering free wifi!  I hope other airports will soon follow suit.\n\nBesides that, it's a nice, well-laid out airport.  No complaints from me.
Way too salty food and a bit overpriced also feels like takes forever to get orders. Use to love this place but honestly for what you get the food isn't that great.
Came for lunch, had the pesto chicken sandwich and side salad. The lettuce was bad and the chicken was so overly salted that I feel like I ate a salt rock... Disappointed to say the least
Went back. Still can't get an order right. \n\nAlso, employees standing outside smoking and taking my order, as a smoker, disgusts me.
The sushi has never disappointed me. Their eclectic Asian menu, however, has on several occasions left me unimpressed. As another reviewer notes, there are some off flavors in many of the dishes. Service is very good. I still go there but only for the sushi.
super divey, even lower than filbertos.... good for college kids that need late night munchies but my husband got sick off the fish tacos... i guess when you are desperate and its the closest thing to you besides burger king it ok...
Let me just say the signage and reservation paperwork is deceiving. You think you starting at the Flamingo, but no its that itty bitty sign near the Flamingo taxi pick up. Then you have dishonest employees that steal your clothing. Two dresses vanished and nobody has a clue.
Coffee was awful !!  Tasted like it was there for days and the music is way too loud.  Should have gone to starbucks across the street.
every time I go here, the food just plain rocks. I love having all the different types of BBQ sauces at my table at once. never had a bad experience here, and definitely a fan.
A great place to go for dog supplies.  The staff is knowledgeable and sweet and the prices are right.  They offer things like dog birthday cakes (?!) and a customer loyalty program.  Stop in and take a look, and don't forget to bring a quarter for the gumball machine!
The chips and salsa were okay. The chips seem more on the stale side but the salsa was excellent. Decently priced, our meals came our quickly and the ingredients were freshly cooked to a very hot temp. The restaurant has a neat atmosphere with a variety of bright colors. I would come here again for lunch or dinner.
Good ambience and setting. Great for out of town visitors or a breakfast date. Bacon is delicious. Charged way too much for self serve drinks. Food was good and priced fair. Service was friendly.
Coffee here was aiiite! about 3 bucks for a small cup.\n\nThe macarons and lil dessert pieces were delicious! I recommend the hazelnut square.
Great menu and true Italian pizza and staff. A bit expensive and cramped tables.  Need to expand and have more tables so not such a long wait to eat.
Would not recommend using this company.  They will write up anything you ask them to on an invoice, and do some sketchy business.  Would go elsewhere for the integrity.
Pretty standard american fare.  Not spectacular.  Not terrible. If you want a good meal with ok service, this is a fine place.
2.5 Stars!\n\nSnuck out from work this morning to get a good second cup of coffee.  Remember folks, a caffeinated supervisor is a happy supervisor and thus she's kind to her minions!\n\nBagels here are so-so, but Bruegger's has decent coffee.
One of the best Vietnamese restaurants in Phoenix, this place is acids the street fro LeiLei's and hidden from view. Don't miss it. Try the chicken wings and especially the grapes leaves. The staff are very nice. The ambiance is wanting and music dated, but this is a must.
Very poor customer service. Apparently when you only have one customer sitting at your computer is more important. In addition, very rude sales person who must assume they are the only mattress provider in Phoenix. Needless to say we walked out from what could have been an easy sale and I rather go spend my money elsewhere.
Great selection of stuff but the staff isn't that helpful and everything is really expensive.
THE number is 602-995-2122\n\nI have asked YELP to correct it.
Sunday buffet for $13 all you can eat and drink.
My back yard, nice close scenic hiking trails for all of the family to enjoy! Not many people on the trails, they're well maintained.
Consistently good food. I've been here twice, and as a newbie to Charlotte who is compelled to try as many places as possible, that's saying a lot.
Good food, always fresh ingredients. Fast & friendly service, don't be dismayed by the walk up order counter, they have a nice modern restaurant style seating in the back area. Great for casual style dining.
Fries are the bomb !! Didn't eat a hamburger today I didn't want to fell like a fatass ! Lol
This place serves really great Thai food at reasonable prices.\nStaff are friendly and nice.  Restaurant is unpretentious and comfortable.\nI try to go here at least once a week, and often get take out.\nRecommended  to friends and all they become regulars too.
Not my thing.  I feel all bloated and greasy after eating here and I never seem to make a combo bowl that is really satisfying.  I'm not going to go into any more details about this.
The pasta was still good but the tomato basil soup and the garlic bread changed, it's not as delicious as it was before :(
Owner was rude. I left, but my wife stayed to look. As soon as I left, he mocked me without realizing my wife was still there. How rude owners in retail stay in business is beyond me. Avoid.
Just ate here for the first time and my experience was excellent! The ravioli was delicious and the staff was attentive and polite. Wonderful Italian food!! I will be back!
Found this Chipotle after the one on Baseline and Val Vista ticked me off for the last time. The workers here are extremely friendly and got my three burrito order cooked in done in under 5 minutes!
This is the best hotel in Downtown for sure. It's very luxurious and has a great layout.  With being on the center of Freemont Street and tons of bars and dining options, this is the place to be at when Downtown.
A dollarama amongst many.  What I like about this place is that the cashiers are always plenty, so I don't have to wait in any ridiculous lines before leaving.
Coming from LA  its really hard to find amazing mexican food. I beileve I found it ....the food tastes authentic and the hospitality is great.. Can't wait to try the next thing on the menu.
just left saigon kitchen  had a bad experience which will not bring me back  discovered a white single hair in my shrimp  told server which she gave a generic apology and i ask for the check and left  i wouldve at least expected a manager to speak to me and apologize but didn't happen.  Server gave me the check I paid the bill and left.
the pizza is good , but I chicken parmesan it was burnt.I really like the pizza was crunchy like I'm used to in New York.
Ich hole hier nur take-away. Das Essen ist super und bei den Bestellungen ging noch nie etwas schief. Der Service am Telefon und an der Theke ist freundlich. Meiner Meinung nach der beste Thai in Karlsruhe
5/29 - waaaaccckkk!!!! the only thing nice was the view! other than that, crowd was wack! there was no where to sit! small danceflr! thank goodness it was free! Rain is better than this spot.
I enjoy this store, it's location and how well maintained it is. They have so many great selections of all sorts of items for every room and person in the family. Shoes, bags, clothes and toys and even items for pets. Great place.
The quality of the fish is outstanding!  Some of the freshest that I have had even much  closer to the coast.  The service is attentive without being intrusive.
Nice place for taco Tuesday!
Excellent green chili with meat chunks.  Tortilla chips are light and fresh.  Appears to be operated by a family who care about your experience.  Classic neighborhood Mexican cafe.
No even real mexican taste and flavors\nThe carnitas are not even the real deal, tasteless no flavor, the ranchero sauce canned taste, the torta's the not even use mexican telera bread.\nI'm disapointed not going back!!
Nice environment and decent prices. There's a nice variety of sauces and meat choices. If you're in the mood for a Mongolian BBQ style meal, this is one of the better places in Madison.
Great place to eat when your tired of all other mexican food places. The twin burritos are the best! Just a little pricey but worth the money.
Best nail artist in town!!!
Can in on a whim and asked the cost of gel on the toe nails (I'm at the pool a lot). They said $15 more than the place I usually go to. I was in a rush and really needed to get both a fill and a pedicure, they refused the service despite my agreement to the ridiculous price.
ok food cool interior and nice server will be back for sure!!
Overpriced, usually burnt, tasteless, if you're spending this much money on these bad burgers you might as well just go to Blue Plate a mile or two down atwood and get something worth your time.
Super duper helpful folks!  And close to the house.  Who needs the depot?  Not I.
Average pizza at best and sub-par appetizers. Decent beer specials are only upside. Walk across the street and eat at Fuel for some real pizza.
The food and the service was great. A good kick it spot for friends and family. Plan on going back soon.
Food is good, but a la carte so no fries with those burgers. Also, if you are from UNLV, they no longer take Rebel Cash. Milkshakes are good and thick.
The food is ok but nothing special.  The patio is a nice place to hang out on a cool afternoon. The service was very slow. We finally got up and went inside to find someone to pay. Overall, for the price point I'd rather go somewhere else.
Yum! Clean, fresh vibe to the place. Wonderful veggie options and adult beverages?! A rarity for veg friendly restaurants in the valley. Only complaint is the seating. I hate being in the middle of the room and most of the seating leaves you feeling exposed.
Not great, not terrible, nice people.
I don't find TGI Fridays great anyways, but the one at gold coast isn't amazing in comparison to the others, frequently on all shifts , I noticed the employees are forgetful and unenthusiastic.  I suggest grabbin a bite nearby at Chinatown or Rio.
Strip mall, family owned casual quick serve. Exactly what you would expect for the 'environment' of this restaurant. \nWhat you might not expect is the flavor!  Excellent dish - mix plate with Bulkogi and Teriyaki Chicken. Absolutely fantastic!
I had the New Yorker, it was delicious (:. I give it 4 stars because when i went there on Wednesday (yesterday), the workers were kind of dull on the personality. But they were still nice (:.
Did great on French pedicure, loved the sugar scrub. Parafin treatment was good, leg mask not really worth the time.
So my girlfriend and I decided to go here while on our vacation in Las Vegas. Best decision for sushi in the area! Great selection of sushi, fresh tasting and the waitress was very tentative to our questions and needs. Would recommend this place to anyone visiting the area for their sushi desires. Will be coming here again in the future.
Amazing burgers. The meat is excellent whether you get beef, salmon or whatever. \nI was really happy with the food. But the waiter wouldn't refill our drinks fast enough. I suppose it was too packed to expect otherwise. \nCheck this place out if you're at New York New York.
Excellent service...specialit\u00e9 pizza, sous-marin, excellente poutine, seul d\u00e9faut pas d interac...
Great first visit and haircut.  Stylist listened well and gave me exact cut I asked for.  Price is also great.
I wish I could give them 0 stars. I have never been so disgusted. I don't know where the people there learned their customer service skills but they need to relearn them. The service department is horrific and if you want to seem like your time, money, and vehicle  are worthless then this dealership is where you should go.
Very cool venue for the Yelp event. Such a good time playing with the exhibits and savoring the tasty bites! \n\nWell done yelp!
The whole experience of eating at CPK was positive. The hostesses were friendly, our server greeted us in a timely fashion, the food was pleasing, and it tasted great.\nI really enjoyed their small appetizers. They are perfect to me because I like to try new things but in small bites.
We are new to the area and I'm so happy we found this place. The staff was very nice when I called and when I brought my dog in. We met Dr. Wallace and he was also very nice. My dog is very shy but she went right up to Dr. Wallace..that says a lot about him!
Terrible service. Forgot orders, food was definitely not worth the price ( although it was in the casino ). Good thing work paid for this because I would've left a negative tip.
Ultimate historic restaurant since the 30's.  The best, most unique hamburger & fried onion place period
Horrible. My gel nails could have been done by my kid nephew! NEVER going here again!!
I am confused on what to give this restaurant.  My husband and I both enjoyed our meals - not loved but liked but the service was bad.  They didn't refill drinks or check in on us.  I sat there and waited for some time for the bill then again to pay.  The pies were marvellous!
This place is now under new management as of July 1st. It is no where near as good as it was. Also, they got rid of happy hour completely on the weekends. Very sad with our experience.
Magnolia's Veranda is not a bad dinner for the price. Skip the seafood selections on the menu.  Stick to the steaks, prime rib, hamburgers and fries.  You can't good wrong with those items.
I love this location.  The high ceilings make this gym my fav!
I have had many massages over the years and this place was the absolute best!  They were extremely friendly and accommodating and the pricing was extremely competitive.  I will definitely be going back here.
Best burgers in Madison!  Always good and always fast service!  Highly recommended!
TnT Divas is a small, welcoming gym that has great classes that motivate you.  I have enjoyed all of the classes but my favorties are Tabata and Barre.  Tina is awesome and the members are really fun. Love it... you need to give it a try.
It's been months since we were last here and had shitty service and unfortunately nothing has changed. Waited 10 minutes for someone to get our drink order yet the female manager cutting servers walked by 6 times and was too good to acknowledge us. Won't be back.
Good quality sushi, great hibachi selections, and reasonable kids selections. I'll definitely be back and I suggest you try them also.
I have been bringing my shoes for years. This man knows what he's doing! I can't rave enough about this place, I tell all of my friends to go here, just like I'm telling you! You wont be sorry!
I came in to Ultimate Consignment earlier this week and purchased two dressers for my sons. Aaron, one of the employees there, helped me pick out the perfect pair. He was so attentive and knew exactly what I was looking for. Excellent customer service from this young man.
Did not go here afterall
I was actually surprised on how good it was. I haven't had pot tea ever. This was my first time and I can say, I will be back!
another hidden gem - def need to get ANYTHING with sweet potatoes in it
Food was good but it all came out 5-10min apart. Actually had to have one dish wrapped up because it never came out. The rice was good and so was the hummus. Will go back but gonna wait a while to see if they get it together
The doors are super thin, which if you are a light sleeper makes it difficult with 24/7 ambient noise.
The best dining experience I've had in a long time immaculate service and tasty food can't go wrong with this restaurant!
Fast and friendly. Couldn't ask for more.\n\nWhy aren't there more coffee shops around here?!
OMGthis pizza is the bomb that's all i gotta say!
Mediocre beer at best. I was disgusted to see one of the owners with dip in his mouth while working behind the bar. Jon Taffer may have to rescue this place in the near future.
Great yogurt. I really liked the mango topped with strawberries. Taste the green tea as well. Very yummy. ;)
My wife and I wanted to like this small busy place but just could not. VERY poor service -- we ordered 4 items and only got 2 due to waiter and kitchen SNAFUs. Food was mediocre. Keep moving, nothing to see here.
I would give zero stars based on service and courtesy if I could. The woman in the drive thru this morning was extremely rude. Glad nobody was behind me because I backed out of the drive thru and am so glad I did since now I'm eating real food.
It's is one of the best pedicure i ever had.
The employees are usually helpful and efficient. However, is it a good idea to toss raw chicken into the same bag as produce, ice cream products, and gum?  According to this Bashas staff, it's A-OK, and has been for a year.  Salmo-what?
We had the 16 course tasting and 900 bucks later I felt cheated. Don't get me wrong, the food was very good, but I don't know about 400/per person good. We went to Sage in Aria the next day and spent 1/3 the price and felt that it was a better meal.
What's a social club?\nZen is a dirty dance club.\nVices required.\n\n(b)
This place is awesome! The food is delicious!  Crawfish with lemon pepper seasoning is the best! Justin was a funny a great server.  I would recommend eating at this place if you love seafood
Just had a lovely dinner there with my family. The service was fast and the waiter attentive. We were asked several times by the waiter and the manager about our meal. We ate at Jerusalem Grill last night and the meal here was far superior.
Eww Eww Eww. Nasty pink floral bedspread from then 70s. Looks like it has never been washed. I was afraid to go barefoot in my hotel room. The non-smoking room smelled like smoke. Good prices for people on a budget. At least it was still better than Imperial Palace.
Nice wide layout, quite spacious while looking at the goodies.\n\nwished they had a few more table seating, considering this being a new area and all.\n\nGood chocolate, still prefer my Lindt.
The food is absolutely wonderful, service is quick and friendly.  I felt like family and will go back.  They have many traditional specialties on the menu but also have daily and unique specials.  The Eggplant Rolotini and the Pork Cacciatore are amazing.  Franco makes our visits special.
Spent over two hours in line from 10pm until after midnight.  I guess I should be thankful because about15 people who had reservations GOT TURNED AWAY!  Unbelievably dysfunctional.  They also only had two people working.  Avoid at all costs.
Completely useless. Waste of $40... Don't pay for public information. Couldn't find any houses for rent. Only has foreclosed houses owned by people who don't know anything about the site.
Extremely boring, tacky music choice, rude staff. Makes me miss my usual hookah bar in California. If you are so inclined as to go, don't take Josh's recommendations on the best flavors. So gross.
Meh! After reading the reviews and the number of times the wait was an hour or more, I expected much more. \nThe pizza was not much better than Dominoes. The pasta was ok, and the service left a lot to be desired.
Yummy! We ordered takeout and it is FANTASTIC.  Very fresh and tasty.  So glad we finally found some good chinese near us!
Very friendly, but doesn't have as much character as the Pig.  I tried two of the in-house beers, the Cherry Milk Stout (delicious) and the Red Rye Ale (disgusting).
THe food here was not good. We ordered several dishes including the dumplings, seafood, and noodles. I didnt like any of it and would definitely not go back
GONE!\n\nNo longer in this cute House - In its place, a new Business: Savannah's : Dining, Bakery & Catering.
Shady's lives up to its name.  The first time I was here I left after witnessing a knife fight and before the police helicopter arrived.
Honestly it was kind of fun. But seriously 2 drink maximum.  The cold didn't bother me. But it was just boring and couldn't take your own pictures.  The drinks were okay but not really great.
Although is very americanized chinese food, the taste is pretty good for the cheap price. Esp lunch, 5 bucks can get you lots of food.\n \nBetter for take out, not a lot of seating area.
I've never met such a team of mean,surly,unhelpful and ignorant people.\n\nI thought your job was to protect and serve. That's all crap.\n\nHey north towns police!!! Try doing your job for 1ce... If you can do anything.
Similar to feativals in other parts of the country but better weather. Purchasing directly from artist or artisan gives more meaning. Some artists look like their work.
Very over priced and not very high quality.
I'm addicted to their dolsot bibimbap with tofu instead of meat. Delicious!!
Just wanted to make sure their bad ratings stuck.  Terrible. I switched to Cox. Night and day difference. Won't be long be this place is out of business or bought out.
Never would have even known this was here. Thank you Groupon. \n\nI've never been a fan of frybread. Until today!! This place is delicious. The staff were so welcoming and friendly!! \n\nHomeade Coconut Caramel? I'm in heaven
So the Chipotle on cactus by pv mall is the worst. They chinced on the entire bowl and were rude, its freaking rice and beans, come on!!
They must not associate their name with pizza.
I have always been self-conscious about my receding hairline until Morgan cut my hair. She made me aware that I could show my hairline and that it was only natural for it to be receding \"a little.\" Because of my new haircut I feel more confident. Thank you Carsten Salon :)
Don't bother, unless you are like most vegas folks and enjoy imitation bar b q. The food is dry, and obviously not smoked. Vegas is in desperate need of authentic Q !!!!!
Very small menu and the older lady that just took my order is Super Rude!!!! You Just lost a customer.  On top of that, was the weird tasting Boba.  Like some kind of medicine-y taste to it.  Would not go back or recommend.
Very clean, with great equipment. Very crowded though. If you want to go anytime between 4pm and close forget about it.
Bof. La sp\u00e9ciale 3 Brasseurs \u00e9tait s\u00e8che et trop sal\u00e9e.\nEn revanche, le service \u00e9tait impeccable.
Awesome shop! All of the artists are talented, professional, and affordable. I got a nice piece done here and will be going back for my next one. Thanks!
I didn't love this store but its not horrible. To be fair I didn't have an appointment and the girls at the shop were nice enough to let me browse. However I was kind of lost and it was a bit hectic in there.
Just hit the drive thru at this place. Ordered large Fries and a large coke. My fries were half full, my coke is all ice, and they didn't give me a straw or ketchup.
I thought that this store was going to be better than the stores I have been to in California.
Love this place! They have a great variety of frozen yogurt which changes often and a huge selection of toppings. The staff is always friendly, even when we show up 5 mins before closing! :) They also offer a selection of house made treats, like chocolate covered pretzels and such.
Best Chicken Pho in town! No joke! Oh and their steak and rice dish is to absolutely die for. The seasoning is perfection. (Drool!) I need to try their Vietnamese Iced Coffee if they have it. Then my heart will be sold forever. Love this place!
Cool local bar vibe but the burger left me wanting more! I love the well seasoned grill in the window and the bar itself! Shoulda stayed in Sauk City for lunch today (in my opinion)
The service wasn't good for the quality of place it is.  They were unhelpful and seemed to forget that they should take care of their guests.  It's Vegas, and this place is one of the nicer, more expensive hotels.\n\nI gave 2 stars b/c the hotel is nice and the casino was decent
The food was good however it was overpriced.  we got there around 8 p and got right in.  We had 4 rolls and after the tip we paid $100. We only had water to drink.  Like I said the food was good but the cost was high.
Awesome food, great people to meet and great sangria!! A gem that isn't far from the strip! One of my favorite places to go in LV!
Though somewhat limited review, I found the location, cleanliness and overall service at Martini Ranch to be great. I was there for Twestival Phoenix and for a fund-raising event, this provided the right atmosphere to please anyone attending. Thanks for the good times and supporting a great cause!
I went a couple weeks ago and I'm really excited about the Gilbert Farmer's Market expanding! I bought some delicious Kalamata Olive Hummus and some Fire Roasted salsa! I'm anxious to start buying more fruits and veggies from them in the future!
The 5-7pm Happy Hour is a must. Get the creamy shrimp. It's the best. The best Jerry, the best.
Nothing bad about this place. They do have pretty good food and a selection other than the typical greasy bar-food as well. Beer selection is adequate and staff is pleasant. It's a place that I stop by for lunch on occasion. It's better than the alternative next door.... Denny's.
they do a really good job on my nails. plus they are close to home and work...and if anything no need for an appt...it seems i come in with almost no waiting...im a happy camper.
The service here is extremely lacking. I should have known it was horrible based on the lack of customers when all of the neighboring businesses were packed. Tea and good were horrible. Pass on this business
A ok. Good food, a wide variety. Looong line and Vegas price tag, but worth a try :)
Really good food! Girls were friendly. Sweet tea was Awesome! Enjoyed the TP TV clips. Sat in a booth was very comfy. Decor is what you would find in a ski lodge. Really cool! Looking forward to returning with friends to enjoy a few drinks!
Subs are good, I like them better than Subway or Quiznos. This one in particular is pretty busy and I love the flavor mix soda machine.
Great down-home atmosphere with classic comfort food. Portions are enormous, and, as it's comfort food, can be heavy.
Popped in for a mocha and it took 15 minutes.. No other drinks were being made and 2 other employees were milling about doing nothing. Hurry up!
Tried to check in but it said I was 6 miles away from this location??? Anyway, $1.75 lunch for a slice of pizza.  Can't beat it!
To go was nice and hot when I came in.\nWings were VERY GOOD. The maui wowi and the hot ranch. I don't think I would dine in though. I got a pretty cool extra room setup for parties and everything though
A nice place for brunch at Verdun, the owner is very friendly, make you feel at home, Spanish style food is quite delicious, small place but warm, must try !
Great music, atmosphere & patio. Overpriced food. Our server wasn't great.  Had to wait forever to get anything, like our bill, and the restaurant wasn't busy.
It is a miss or hit for help from the employees.  =(
We had a great dinner. Food was delicious and service was a joy.\n\nTake advantage of their happy hour (until 8 pm) and you get discounts on beer and cocktails as well as some of the meals on the menu.\n\nI would recommend it to friends any time.
$40 per person. Lot of seats open but they make you wait in line for 45+minutes while seating VIPs. Selection is ok and some food are actually quiet good but everything is lukewarm at best.
This was the first time I ever ate tapas before. I went with 5 other people, and we ordered everything on the menu twice! It was amazing. The Booze was a little to high. \nHad a little problem with the meat sirloin plate being extremely raw.
Want to give a great job to our server, Anika D on Friday night.  Very pleasant, happy personality, very attentive, answered questions and most importantly took care of a special order without any problems.  Thanks Anika for doing such a great job!!!
Absolutely delicious!! Be patient. Making fresh Crepes takes time. Your wait is worth it. Have a nice cup of coffee or hot tea (I had orange cranberry-so good!). My husband and I both had a lunch crepe. So good! We saved room for desert too! This is a must go place!
Wow.  The food is DIVINE.  I haven't experienced flavors that intense in years.  I would've given it 5 stars, except the atmosphere is way too stuffy for me.  Really expensive great food doesn't mean it can't have a more fun atmosphere...
Visit Date:  10/4/14\n\nThis. Is slowly getting worse. .. today strike 2.  Last week was not good, today the same. Eggs over cooked, potatos burnt. Quality is dropping.  I'll give this 1 more chance.
I don't understand why they act so unfriendly and provide such loose deadlines. Two weeks was what I was informed that it would take to fix my unit. I followed up after 9 days and was told now it will be three weeks and they haven't even started working on it.
Pretty much what you'd expect from a Vegas airport. Crowded, loud, full of people coming in hyper and leaving hung over.  The airport is very large with some long walks between terminals (B to C is a hike) and there are plenty of places to eat and drink. Plus, it's Vegas!
Marie was very patient & helpful with my visit today... I got the best pair of glasses :)
amazing service and food!!! a must try and now my favorite bbq place on earth!!!
One of the best buffets in the city.   Oysters Shrimp Crab Legs Prime Rib. Great Chinese buffet and phenominal sushi rolls.  A must try for all restaurant goers
apparently this is where all the boys are! minus 1 star because of the music though...too much house, not enough hip hop. there isn't really anywhere to sit. you either have to get a table or make friends with people at a table. i love that the club opens up to the pool area of the hotel.
My first burger & tots came out like warmer. Manager was passing by & corrected swiftly and I was happily eating a hot burger.  Medium-rare and it was excellent. Nothing like smash burger but pretty darn good for an airport burger.
8/5/12\n\nChecked in at door. Packed. Told 10 minutes???  Waited 20.  Left when it became apparent it would be longer. The poor reviews I was reading on Yelp at time didn't help.  Tip to hostess, be honest about wait time.
Great variety and reasonable prices but the customer service leaves something to be desired. I'm never greeted when entering the store and its rare that the sales staff will ask if I need anything. I would shop there more if they had better service.
Pricy, but not so much compared to other things on the Strip, and it tasted pretty good.
Service was extremely slow and the breakfast dish was not cooked properly.  I've been twice and am not going back.
chips, cold cheese, and red salsa? I would have never thought! it is good. \nMy usual order is the burrito pastor. Its pretty good but I'm usually there for the chips!
Small restaurant and relatively long queue, but they serve at blazing speed! The chorizo burrito is cheap and tasty.
I didn't think it was to spectacular. The food is good but slow to serve it and the atmosphere is only good if you want to be in a loud sport's bar. I won't be returning anytime soon.
$18 for a shrimp chimichanga? LOL & it barely had ANY shrimp. No, i don't think i'll go back.
Great!! Yummy lemon chicken!! So fresh
I've enjoyed the veal and mushroom risotto. Overall, an enjoyable experience and I would come back. \n\nInterior could use an update, and it's usually busy.
i almost didn't take my car here when i saw the other review, but discount recommended them...\nmy experience was great-everyone there was really nice, got my car in the garage right away (had an appointment), got the alignment done, and i even added on an oil change. i'd go there again.
Best Panda I've ever had by far. So fresh and delicious! Great service as well! The chowmein was super fresh and not full of veggies, the orange chicken was great with not too many super large pieces. Very good, will definitely be coming to this one more! It's also extremely clean.
Went out to try this place out today. Pulled the door handle and the door was locked. Peeked inside, the half of the ceiling lights were on and the tables were in dissaray and without a chair insite. More than likely this place went out of business.
I came in with a cracked screen and they were able to replace my screen, buff out my dented phone (whoops) in 10 min! So fast. Thank you!!!!
Kimmy Brock is great. she turns around estimates quickly and I've been pleased to use her services and well priced products over the years. I love her enthusiasm and she knows he stuff!
It's okay... Everything was pretty mediocre.
This places is a joke been there three times manager and staff have there heads up in the clouds. Waited 20min to get seated at the bar top lol I said no they told me I would have to wait another 10 to get a table. I walk out
The salespeople are a little overzealous but I love Lush so no worries. They have great products and this store is really big and clean. Prices are high but the quality is totally worth it.
Since this incident my fianc\u00e9e worked it out with Century Link directly and we were please with the service from that point on. The staff at the actual stores is fantastic! :)
Excellent food. Excellent service. Comfortable family restaurant. Highly recommend even if you have never tried Korean food before.
I had the jambalaya and it was very good. GF had the fish and pasta, she loved it. Only problem was that we sat outside and a bee was bothering us.\n\notherwise the drinks are great, the food was plentiful, and the atmosphere was very calm!
Staff sucks! Dislike this store alot. Long lines. Unhelpful staff! I prefer oreilys!
The restaurant was ok for teh price.  The food was so so. The cat fish was too spicy. The salad was too small for $10.
Food is crapy.  If you like MMA fights are usually free and they have decent HH prices even on fight nights.
HORRIBLE service. Staff not very friendly and do not look happy at all. Do not go right after lunch. Maybe the dinner staff will be better. Great food though.
I am very glad they don't have In N Outs in Chicago; that would be dangerous! Loved my animal style burger and my strawberry shake!
Definitely a glitzy, artsy, lackluster tourist trap. Not sure why this is a must do in every single guide book and website. The building is beautiful but the interior is marred by galleries I would never buy anything from. Oh well.
Stay away from this business!  They are dishonest!  Do not drop your clothes off here, donate them to charity.  They can not account for items dropped off and then sold..Repeated attempts the resolve the problem have ended in frustration.  We will be reporting them to the BBB.  Do everyone a favor and go elsewhere!
Walked across the street from the Wynn and felt like we hit the jackpot with tasty breakfast burritos that didn't break the bank. Their coffee was surprisingly tasty too.
It was ok. Kinda pricey for what you get. Its at the end of the strip so if your faded its good!
Just driving through read reviews and tried it.  Would come back ... The food is delicious!   Great service too
Wonderful place. We moved from Hawaii and really miss Vietnamese cuisine. Summer rolls were just like those we got back in Hawaii. The pho and the bun were just as good or better than what we are used to. Will make this a monthly lunch go to place.
Amazing food. Lots of  choices. A little bit of everything. I love it here. Favorite buffet of all time. Try it. You won't be disappointed.
Phenomenal service, excellent food, reasonable prices, and a great atmosphere... Do I need to say anymore?
Food was good, especially for my very first time being here. Theme seemed very authentic chinese, even though I never had authentic chinese food. Price was moderate, but service could use some work.
Well I see that they have tried better to keep this place clean they can use improvements none the less.  And I find it stupid that they removed the blinds from the south side of the building.
Nice workers and good food. It seems to have the problems that a new location would have but I'm hopefully they will get them worked out soon.\n\n\nThe sweet pork tacos and burritos are awesome.
The ambiance is just OK, but I had the Cochinita Pibil and it was fabulous.  The menu description says \"Achiote Pork roasted in a banana leaf\".  Think tender pork with a hint of banana.  It may sound odd but I recommend it.
I was pleasantly surprised by this venue. I stopped in to kill time and ordered this delightful cookie brownie evil decadent thing and I was not disappointed. Very clean and the vegetarian menu was put together well. Worth a second visit indeed.
Service was apathetic and cold. The Beets and Berries salad was ruined by watery dressing that did nothing to lift the flavor of the flavorless ingredients.  The beets were hard. I ate the goat cheese, blueberries, and strawberries, of which none were plentiful. What a waste of money this was.
Looks like it would be a great place to hang out at. Not a good restaurant. Horrible food.
No way, dudes. Go down the street and get some tastier food at Tram's Kitchen. The grub is better, the restaurant itself is a little cleaner (not saying much on either account), and the water even tastes better. \n\nReally. I'm not joking about the water.
It was ok... Nothing great. It did the job. On 3rd floor of quad...24 hrs i think.
Worst bowling alley I've ever been to.  I've been here an hour an a half and I'm still waiting to bowl.  Meanwhile they have 8 lanes have said reserved for a party for the last hour.  I could have bowled 3 times over.
The people are friendly and took great care of my \"boys\".  I also use their grooming services and am very happy with the results.
This place was awesome because it was affordable. Now they have changed owners and they charge for everything! $1.50 per item that you want to add to a burrito. Will go to Roberto's instead.
Service as not good. The waiter was not attentive to the table because gratuity was included. The entrees took way to long to come out and do did the check and the connecting procedure ....
Why didn't I check here first before buying the Groupon?  The wait is over 2 months and the only available time is 11 AM, which just doesn't fit into my work schedule.  I'll re-post a review if I can ever get my Groupon redeemed
Good good but sloooowww service. It took 30 minutes to order. It's a Saturday night but the restaurant is not big enough to warrant that kind of wait.
Great quick and friendly service. The manager was willing to let me use the check in coupon even after I had paid for my sub which was cool. I like the variety of subs that are available and all the ones that I've tried have been pretty good.
Clean and courteous location, very small as most mall Starbucks locations are but I like this one best of the two located in the mall as this one is original
everything was really great. nice atmosphere and delicious food. cant wait to go back
The \"chef\" had no idea what gluten free is-not a good thing. Game watching is great.
Good food for a reasonable price, especially for airport food.  And the fact that they have some local craft beer only adds. Highly recommend if you are stuck in the Phoenix airport.
Delicious! One of my favorite spots. Just make sure you go with enough time to spare cause there's always a line and they aren't the quickest... Be prepared for a wait. Also they should pre cut the fruit and veggies in the cups like Chopshop does. Much quicker.
I think there're more wines than whiskies here, and the whiskies are kept behind counters where they're less than accessible (without asking, anyway), but there's a decent selection of both wines and whiskies and the staff are happy to talk to you about them all.
(3.5) ~ Good Overall Food & Service
Beautiful surrounding with large pleasant rooms and hugh bathroom but lacking because there is not enough staff and they only have 1 restaurant. The village outside is pleasant but 1 go round in it is plenty.
The inside of the restaurant looks like an acid trip, but it's tastefully done. The food is average, and they have good happy hour specials. I love the store connected to restaurant, it's a great place to pick up a gift when you are in a hurry.
These guys are back and still great. Never disappointed, never had a bad experience, good American food.
I appreciate P.U.B. esp. since the strip has few bars with long beer lists.  That said, the selection at Burger Bar is longer and better.  Nonetheless, my husband and I enjoyed stopping here for to try some new beers, and the bartender was friendly.
Bocata was the perfect antidote to a cold, gray day in Montreal. We sat at the bar and received great service.   Fantastic oysters from PE Island,  a lovely stuffed pepper and fantastic cod as an entree.  Our waiter made great wine and food suggestions.
This shop is great. The people are very friendly and willing to help you out and explain any questions. I will absolutely go back to try their juice!!
I'm not a huge candy fan but coming in here was just exciting.  They have every kind of candy you can imagine.  5 stars for doing a candy store right.
Best Pizza ever.... End of sentence. Nothing in Toronto has come close in my opinion.
Bartender was awful
The best Vietnam noodle soup I have eaten. Service is great too!
Be traded for the first time tonight everything was great service was very attentive and very knowledgeable with their menu we will be back soon
The hanalei roll is my favorite sushi roll anywhere ever. Sushi is always fresh. Hibachi  is average. I don't get why people like the atmosphere. I like going here only when it's not very busy.
Soup taste good! I remember coming here when my friend was sick, and just knowing the soup hit the spot!
The slow roasted eggplant sandwich was delicious. The caprese sandwich was also great and the chicken florentine soup was chock full of meatballs, chicken and pasta. Great take out and the place is very clean.
I'm very unhappy that they discontinued their aerobics class. Most weekends, the class was pretty full. Bring back the class and bring back April. She was an awesome instructor.
Absolutely the best!  Dr. Drew is amazing.  I have tried other Joint locations, but sold here!  This is a great concept - in and out usually in about 10-15 minutes!
The customer service was very nice and the service was friendly. The burger was meat was overcooked dry and they add potato chips to the top of the burger to make it crunchy....big deal...its okay but I have had better....
I called about 930 and the nice man ordered my food as the last order. I was starving Marvin and they were the only place to stay open and take my order. Such great people. And even better food. Must eat
Very simple...best mocha in town!   If you aren't up for that type of thing make sure you try some straight-up coffee from the Clover coffee machine...it's delicious and they offer a number of different beans to try.  Everyone who works there has been very friendly and helpful too.
i would like to put 0star for this company. pricey monthly and bad services. Internet keep disconnect every time I'm call in they took at least 30min to hold the phone. Time to say good bye cox
Let me keep it simple. It's a little overpriced and pretty mediocre. It's faster than other food options at Paris though.
Subway is Subway, and it's hard to say too much. I haven't had a bad experience at this location, and service times are reasonable.
Alone at the bar. Always great here. Having Arugala salad and half a portion of the amazing tortellini. Glass of Valpolacello. Great staff - love it here
Very good place to break your diet :)  the fried zucchini are the best ! I love the green chili burger with the fried green chili !
Despite being housed in a mall, nice ambience, very good food, and reasonable prices.
The staff is great,  server Steph was excellent friendly and right there to provide excellent service.\nI will be back for the service, the price and quality was great.
Nothing too special. Food is more expensive than needs to be. Drunken noodles are decent, and spicy levels aren't too spicy.
They won't take their own coupons from the back of cash register receipts. \nNo more food from here.
I love this restaurant. The sushi is good and the menu is spectacular. My favorites include the; Ye's roll, Spicy-Crispy Tuna. This place is busy but well organized so I don't find that you have to wait too long for anything.
My son has loved Journey and we love it too!! Small classroom size with great individual care. Here you are one if the family!! Highly recommend it!!! Come check it out!!
I have been here twice, and while the food is good and the service is excellent, I have to agree with the first reviewer that for the money I could have been more impressed.
the coffee can compete to coffeebean and starbucks! they've got amaZing tea, bellacoola is my favorite! they got delicious sandwiches, best i've tried is chicken croisant sandwich.. i love love their panini.. must try!
Very accessible and for just a few dollars you can hike as much as you want.  Beautiful landscape with trails for multiple levels of hiking experience.
WOW! So good! I wish I lived closer! I ate at Moira last week with my boyfriend, he had the biggest smile on his face. We will be back soon.
horrible service.... :/
Mandatory valet parking. Stuffy atmosphere. Mediocre bruschetta (especially for the price). The wine our waitress suggested was the only redeeming part of our experience. If you're in the area, try Ingo's instead.
-their salade is just uneatable , is like they opened a can of cheakpea and put it in your plate .\n-their Naan bread has nothing to to with the real Naan , its like wet and re-heated.\n-i can give them some credit for the cari.
The food was only OK. I would have marked them a 2 star if it weren't for the service.
Just not a good location, although you wonder why. No tram nearby.  So you have to drive to it since it ain't walking distance to anyone.  Casino is small.  Not noteworthy.  I guess when they renovate, I may change my mind.
The worse bank ever! They are a bunch of crooks like Bank of America and Chase. I no longer bank with them and have decided to switch to credit union.
Ugh, this place is EXPENSIVE. The frozen hot chocolate is something that you should do once in your life for the experience but the food here is all standard american food you can get anywhere else for a fraction of the price!
Came here a couple times during the AZ tenure.  Always came in a group, which is the way to go for greek dining.  I suggest the flaming saganaki, or the dipping combo for starters.  The Gyro platter for an entree never disappoints!  I hope to come back sometime.
Don't come in. Their priority is the drive thru. Don't waste your time. Horrible customer service. I will be avoiding this place as much as possible.
Gluttony. Huge portions but the taste is just underwhelming.
I've gotten a pedicure and my nails done here and I love it! Its my new place to go everyone is nice and give you exactly what you want!
Wow\nHas this place gone downhill.\nNow we get attitude and poor cocktail skills\nThe people who opened this place are gone, and it shows\nI won't be back.\nNot fun any more.
They have a great fresh and healthy menu. Their salads and wraps are delicious. They have a fresh juices which I love.
For a way off the strip place, the prices do not reflect that, it is way to expensive. The specials are not that special. 2 Cold pizza slices heated up with a topping, if you choose and a drink for 5.99. Yeah, won't make the trip here again.
Jersey Mike's Tuesday Special is awesome. $7 for any regular sub, chips & a drink. It's usually the only day that I drink soda.
This place is popular. Great breakfast value.  I had the steak and eggs, french toast.  I love their country potatoes... so good. The only thing I didn't like was that you can smell the cigarette smoke from the casino, but what do you expect  since the cafe is in the casino.
To be completely honest, the food is always awesome, but at this site, aside from the older asian lady the other people are rude. Ate my sushi before i even got my chicken rice bowl... about 20 min later
Very delicious and fresh food! I love the various menu items and what they have to offer. We came here for dinner with a friend from out of town, and everyone at our table was more than satisfied! I love how this place supports local produce and farms. Yum!
Want to know how to gross a vegetarian out? Stick a big chunk of chicken in their vegan burrito bowl. Never again!
Awful!  I should have realized when I walked past a table with 2 Dogs with only 1 bite in them.
I love this albertsons, It's a beautiful store, very clean and organzied, and the prices are fine. I enjoy shopping here much better then smiths which is 1 street closer to me.
Small drive-thru type place with a few tables inside.  Quick service and really nice kids working there.
Got 2 burritos for hubby and I to split.  Bean & cheese burrito was \"ok\" and chicken burrito was actually pretty horrible - dry, tasteless, blech... Won't return.
On y trouve aussi de chouettes goodies : \u00e9tuis \u00e0 sushi, sticker manga-poutine (oui oui)
This Mexican food is very simple, slightly bland, but fairly fresh. The chicken is chopped up into tofu-looking squares. But I was satisfied with the food, which was fairly healthy Mexican food as Mexican food goes. The staff is quite polite. I met some cool people hanging out there while I sat outside.
Kudos to the chef! This has been quite a pleasant experience not only did I witness my first salmon being chopped right in front of my face but I also got some useful information about the fish. The chef was so nice I felt the at most comfortable.. thank you :)
Always good! No complaints!
Really cute and quaint deli! Beautiful service! Beef wraps delicious!
Hubby and I went to this cafe for breakfast.    We did enjoy the scarce amount of food we did get.   Your unable to get a free refill of coffee unless you pay a dollar more.    Coffee was almost $3.00.     Overall it's not worth a $30.00 breakfast.    They need to lower their prices.
I've dined here a few times, it's the cochinita pibil that keeps me coming back. First tried it in the Yucatan and this is one of the few places where I am able find similar flavors.
Scrumptious food +very attentive service+great atmosphere = always a great night out at E2.
My husband is a Dean Martin fan so we went to this show ... Wow it was unbelievable!  I definitely recommend this show.. This is what Vegas was all about back in the day!
In a word, awesome.
I received a call today from Stacey and she was awesome.  She explained about the billing and also said she'd make sure the discharge service would be better in the future.  It's great when someone takes the time to follow up on a review.
Rice wasn't cooked all the way. The servers were really nasty and didn't act professional.
Tasty food and attentive to details service. Their black grilled cod, seafood salad and lobster bisque were delicious.  Get what you pay for their service and food.
The pho here is good! Especially since there are no other vietnamese places in a 30 mile radius.  So, if you are feeling like pho come here get the chicken pho or beef pho, it hits the spot.  The rating isn't higher only because I'm used to bay area pho.
Wonder
This is my go to spot for affordable yet delicious food. I go atleast once a week. My favorite is the pork and ribeye tacos, but everything is tasty from the chorizo, beef tongue, to the vegetarian friendly potato! Mexican or otherwise, this place is one of my very favorites.
Food is great , service is a little slow, sometimes painfully slow when it's lunch time.
Waited 10 minutes and wasn't greeted by anyone...finally caught the attention of the server who in response said hold on a second in a rude way. Was hoping for some good ole bbq, left and went across to in n out instead. Too bad this place lacks customer service..: (
Best FroYo around!!!! Fun little place in Gilbert. Great for anyone of any age! While there I happen to overhear a little girl tell her mom that the owner \"was magic\". Always a friendly staff and clean place and by far the best FroYo I've had in the east valley.
Just didn't do it for me. The food was bland and overpriced. I had a better meal at the Cheesecake Factory at the Biltmore Fashion Park.
The food was great when they 1st opened. They may have changed chefs and the quality of the food has declined. Rubbery chicken, tough steak &  cold atmosphere.
An Irish pub that plays club music.  Interesting.  Fun enough!
Lobster Roll implies it is served on a roll. Not a piece of white bread similar to Wonderbread. Respect the lobster. Respect yourself. \n\nPlus it is too pricey for what you're getting. Not into it.
This is an odd little spot but interesting. Also their food is good.\nVery tasty sandwhiches but don't expect any fries. Theres no deep fryer, so they have chips and better than that they have potato salad. \nGreat place to eat at.
A small food court located by M&M world store.\n\nThey have the usual food court vendors; subway, wendy's, Asian food, pizza and a Mexican place. \nNot a bad place to go if you are in the area and need to grab quick and cheap food.
Great show. Kind of strange story and many kids however were talking in the audience
worse service ever if you wanna pay high prices for frys dogs eat here. even the frys brand dogs taste better looking to eat here please use caution not family friendly half the people look like they are on drugs half the time smells like it in the shop please avoid this spot youll get better service and food at mcdonalds
Food was overpriced and average. I would go somewhere else for better Chinese food. Plus the service is pretty slow and bad here. Didn't ask us for water or tea. The reception girl has a b face and it looks like she is using the restaurant as her catwalk.
This is my FAVORITE place in Charlotte!!! I used to live a few blocks away and went at least once a week. They have everything!!! It's a good place to take a group bc everyone can find something they like! Five stars for sure!!!!!!
Great bloody marys. Food is good too, especially brunch. Falafel and burgers are solid.
Well, not what to say about this place. Last time I was here it was the hilton. Nothing really spiffy about it. just a regular casino.\nIt somewhat depresses me to see the remnants of the \"star trek\" the experience structure is still around.
I had the lemon pie and it tasted amazing.
I think Jay H. nailed it in her review.  Great place to unwind and zone out for awhile.
Just an average bagel place.
Busy, upbeat atmosphere and good asian fusion menu. Fresh and served at the right temperature for the food being served.  Will do again!
Decent place to take the kids, who inexplicably love the mac and cheese. We probably go a couple of times a month. The food is variable, but generally good, and the service is usually fast and friendly. Lately they have been slowly raising prices and/or removing some of the extras.
Too greasy for me but the selections were very interesting.  Probably better for a happy hour than dinner or lunch.
Excellent food and service. Portions are large, we split a salad and deep dish pizza with enough to bring home left-overs. \nCookie is outrageous!
LIke any other KFC.  I'm not particularly fond of KFCs but the hubby was craving it so we went.  I think if you like KFC then you'd like this one - pretty nice folks.  The tables needed cleaning, however.
I always make a stop here when I'm in Vegas or Anaheim. You know when food is so good that having it in your presence alone makes you happy? The sandwiches are so delicious that is exactly how it makes me feel. Just be prepared to wait in line!
Freedom park has everything a person needs in a park (bball/tennis courts, baseball fields, walking/biking/running trails, and natural scenery.\n\nThere are good restaurants/bars and nice homes to look at in Dilworth as well.
locals appreciation Wednesdays 5p-2a 50% off all food...
Always good food service and atmosphere. Check this bar out if you like kicked back people and great atmosphere.
The car wash was not so good today. I paid for an additional service and it was not performed.
Not impressed at all!\nSunk in mattress and no refrigerator in a King Deluxe room.\nNice grounds
Love love love this place! Best nail salon I have ever been to. I am for sure a nail room regular I go every week for a mani and pedi :) they really take their time and do it well and they have so many cute colors to pick from.
The absolute best cupcakes any where! Kir Royale is wonderful. Bought the bumper sicker for my car in Michigan! Wish I could be in Vegas to feed my cupcake habit.
Cool store! One of the coolest antique/ fun stuff for your house stores I have ever been to. Picked up some mod lamps at a bargain price as well as some sweet furniture. If you are looking for unique retro/vintage items for your house definitely check it out!
This location has probably the worst staff of all the locations I've been to, but that's probably because it's by the mall and wanted young people even if they aren't good.\n\nThat being said, shlotskys in general are a fantastic sandwich place, lots of choices, and always delicious !
The only complaint?  Too small!  Which, of course, adds to the ambience.  Carne Adovado is to die for!  Never had a bad meal there.  Food can be pretty spicy (an additional star for that! :-)
If yuppie out of touch elitist pizza is your flavor then this place is for you.  I consider myself well versed in food and even this menu defeated me. I noted it was my first time to dine there and still no explanations of the menu.
Slow and rude at this location, poorly managed store.
What you'd expect from excellent dry cleaning service. Quick, honest, and reliable. Alterations on site as well. Great location for those living in Summerlin area.
Service was good. I needed a new battery and they were all over it. Tested my alternator made sure that was ok, also replaced my battery for me. Over all good service. I'll will continue to go to autozone.
Elegant but lively atmosphere- vodkas from all over the world, and a bar made of ice!
Decent buffet for a decent price.  There's a fair amount of variety including middle eastern and Mediterranean specialties.  Listen, they don't have the gobs of seafood and sushi like some other places, but if you're looking for a moderately priced buffet, this is a good choice.
I order out from here at least once a week. Not the best sushi place I've ever eaten from, but still very delicious. I always get their Spicy Salmon Bowl and Hot and Sour Soup. Definitely worth trying out for anyone.
Good food, good service, reliable and dependable.  I take clients there when visiting town on business, and have never been disappointed.
I love going to Poppy's!!!  The employees/owners are always so personable!!!  They have a great yogurt and topping selection.  We are lucky enough to be able to walk and enjoy a quick treat.  My teenagers love having a place to go with friends.  (These are cute and kind teenagers!!!)
Excellent service & ingredients.   Clean and nice curb appeal.  Check this place out
Ordered the pad see ew, and it was unbelievably bland! No flavor or spice, and almost no sauce. They used regular broccoli instead of Chinese broccoli and giant carrot chips. Very small portion for the price as well. I can't believe something so flavorless can be called Thai.
Was disappointed. Was alright and service was great but sushi was mediocre. The presentation was nice but the rolls were small and quality of fish left something to be desired.  It is a cute little place though if your in the neighborhood.
Went a couple of days ago. It came out to 50 dollars for 4 people. The food was barely edible and not hot but just warm. Also saw a cockroach there and instantly lost my appetite. Probably will never come to this place again.
Their spicy cheese pizza must be had!
One of my favorite places. I love to order a couple of appetizers & share. The mussels & frites are AWESOME. Nothing I've ordered here is bad.
Not worth it.
The Applebees  of BBQ, everything is just ok, you won't be disappointed nor will you have your mind blown. If you are looking for that kind of experience with BBQ. Head over to Little Miss BBQ. You can thank me later.
Awesome place,fast,cheap,clean, and delicious.
I am SO impressed with the haircut that Danny gave my son this week. Danny has such skill and expertise, a true artist at his trade. Absolutely the best haircut ever!! Easy to get there too, right off the freeway directly across from Anthem Outlets! Thanks Danny!
Great atmosphere, delicious food and a staff with a good attitude.  I got the Miso Yaki salmon and aboslutely loved it!
Love it!  I like that they do half sushi rolls!  The best rolls are the ocean roll, sexy roll and first kiss!  And their ice cream in your mouth is a very neat dessert roll!  Their AYCE price cannot be beat it includes Everything on their menu!
One word NASTY!
I went here for lunch. This is just your run of the mill mexican joint nothing to special. My biggest complaint no Dr. Pepper.. are you kidding... DP is the most important thing to have at a mexican food place..
All these girls was just trying to hustle. They didn't even cover even if you got bottle service.  The limo driver even tried hustling. This place was all about making there money, the service was whack! They didn't even try working for there money either...
Yummy sushi and drinks.
So fun!! Love the main hall and all the communal chatter. We met such interesting people! Lots of oompa music and raising of mugs. I had a great time and I'm not a beer drinker.
The food was good, not great. Service was mediocre. I felt, for the $50 price tag, I would have had a better experience. I was told this was the best buffet for the money. I disagree. I would rather spend $15 at New Orleans for food and selection that was almost as good.
I've never stayed here. I've played here. I've lost here. I've gotten ripped off by Haagen Daaz here. I have gotten stinkin' drunk here. I have seen debauchery here. I will visit again, for a sandwich, gambling and frozen alcoholic drinks.
This place from the outside is kind of sketch. But it is great on the inside.  The service was awesome,  the sushi came out a little slower than normal... but it's worth it. I will definitely be back again!
Went here again and gave brunch a try. This place gives Thomas Keller a bad name. This Bouchon & the Bouchon in Yountville do not compare.\n\nVenetian, drop this place right now. It reminds me of Left Bank!!!!!
Once again, I am grateful to Efficiency Mechanical! Bill Smith came out today and not only fixed my problem-but explained everything to me and offered helpful suggestions. In the valley of the sun- it's reassuring to know we have a company we can trust!
Good news - my sister got the flowers and she sent me a pic from her phone.  They're gorgeous!  And they arrived just in time, too!\n\nThanks, Cactus Flowers!! =)
Ross this Ross is okay i rate, despice the crowdes everything on the floor, kids yelling everywhere.I think this is good Ross to just go in and walk out quickly because ive been to better places.
Good food. Decent price. The server could have been more attentive to our needs.
i visit this location often. the staff is helpful and generally very attentive.\n\nmy favorite salad has recently changed from a chop salad to a regular cut for the lettuce which is a little disappointing, but nothing a knife doesn't fix.\n\ni enjoy my meal every time
This place was soooo delicious from the salad to the chicken and waffles, I actually ate there 3 times... definitely going back there next time...
Delicious dinner here! Loved the relaxed atmosphere, and the easy ordering/seating. The Thai chicken salad was just okay, but the Fontina burger was amazing. LOVED the strawberry lemonade , and the onion rings and garlic fries were to die for.
Lovely wee place with friendly knowledgeable staff. Much nicer than the big chains. Lovely selection of coffee which changes regularly. My go-to coffee place on that side of town.
Screw this place! Rude to us! We came to hit up new bars and get them new ppl! But apparently they just want max of a few five or so ppl! Never going back or letting my friends go there.
OMG had a doctor appointment and was mad starving! Went in for a breakfast sandwich & left filled & happy! Fresh meal, friendly staff& clean areas! TOTALLY worth the trip!
It wasn't horrible. The girl seemed like she couldn't be bothered and wanted to be else were. The guy was trying to be impressive with all his different topics. He was be over bearing and ignoying  to me. I wasn't  impressed by his conversations.\n\nThey job they did was standard.
Internet connection in the room did not work.  Repeated calls to the ISP and front desk resulted in no repair over several days.  Scottish breakfast was adequate.  Awful location if touring Edinburgh.  Horribly over-priced given the lesser advertised opportunities closer to city center.
Great sandwiches...good introduction into China Town.  The food was good, good enough that I am glad they are at least 15 minutes away.  Sandwiches should not taste that good for 3.25.  More important the staff was very nice and help to some people out of their element.
Isn't the best Charley's I've eaten at. It's inside the mall and there are tables to eat at next to the restaurant, but they are sticky. IDK how often they clean the tables but I suggest you take the food over to the Costco tables to eat at. Much cleaner there.
Love this place! Tina for pedi and Te for nails and wax. I am a regular and they are  always pleasant , quick, and clean. Give them a try!
Dirty floors!  Cleanser and filthy towel in full view of customers as they come in!  Spray cleanser sprayed the salt and pepper containers!  Dirty towel being used over and over to clean the dirty tables!  Yuk, yuk, yuk!!!
Breakfast all day!  I love the Sundance Omelette, and Candice did a great job for us.  I travel here from Salt Lake and have to eat here when I am in town.  Menu has several different items, service is good, and food comes out quick.  Price is excellent as well.
I trekked up to the very top by foot and it took awhile but at the end, you will be rewarded with a fantastic view of the skyline of Montreal.
Great place to stay. Rooms are spacious and clean. The price is fair. It's at the end of the strip so there's less foot traffic which is a blessing. The air is cleaner vs other hotels. Lots of things to do in the hotel: beach, mall, bars, clubs, spa, many others.
I would recommend going to 61c, Areefa's or Coffee Tree Roasters if you're in Squirrel Hill. All of these locations have better tasting coffee and atmosphere.
THE BEST BBQ. I love this place and can't believe it only has 4 stars. I eat here every time I home. Best baked beans ever. And I love the ribs and pulled pork sandwich.
CLOSED - some damn French Bakery is now in this location. Where will I go for my Thai. I may never recover!!!
Wangs has been here a long time. The food is not like the best NY Chinese you may have had, but it's not bad either.  Good when you have the craving for General Tso chicken. House lo mein is a good choice too.
This is a good place to hear local, original music and bands. Every band is loud, so don't expect any group conversation.  Don't expect to get any service.  The entire bar has only one bartender, no table service.  It takes 10 minutes to get a drink from the bar and almost an hour for food.
Every time I go....HORRIBLE! Stale taco shells, hard uncooked beans..need I go on?\n\nStay clear of this Taco bell.
I was excited about how you can put your cupcakes together with the filling, toppings, etc.  however the cream filling was terrible, cake was too moist and not flavor.\n\nVery disappointed.
Don't use this dominos. They are charging 1.35 for Parmesan cheese. And they claim to have no napkins. Please note that I was not asking for extra. I was asking for 1. The white guy that left as I was walking didn't seem to have a problem
Takes 30 min just to get to the bar. Another 20 to get served. Forget about needing a DD  unless they get more bartenders
Great place to stay and its in the perfect location! Try there Buffet if you get a chance the food is great! Its also a fun place to gamble slots seem pretty loose.
I really do like it here especially when I need a little LA fusion fix...
Gluten free White pizza, antipasta salad, 12 sweet chili wings, and a couple beers. Good food, simple service, although decor could use some serious work...
I can see why people could get married here. Its nice, quick and efficient.
Wonderful food! Excellent service! Great lunchtime atmosphere!
Love the doctors and staff! Great crew!
I have been going to Maryna for brazillion waxing for two years and have only had great experiences! The look of this salon is so unique and fun and the location in the downtown Madison area is very convenient! I would recommend this salon to any of my friends!
Just about the only place left on Mill that you can go to dance. Good drinks, and actually pretty laid back for a club.
Not impressed with food, service, or booz selection
It was good. It's supposed to be the best pho place in Vegas. I don't know about that. But it did help with the hangover! \nIt was pretty crowded for a Sunday afternoon. But only had to wait about 10 mins.
Excellent conference hotel. Sized right and easy to get around if you need to make a quick trip to your room to retrieve something. $40 breakfast for 2 on the coffee shop is excessive. The resort fee of $20/day is ridiculous. Third stay in this hotel.
Can't review the food but I've stopped in a couple times for my Thai tea.
Great palce to come for Raw Oysters and a cold beer, especially on a Sunday for NFL games! The Clam bake is large and will surely satisify your craving for shell fish! \n\nLaid back atmosphere-- nothing too fancy, yet not a hole in the wall either.
I went the other night with my husband.  Love the bread that comes before the meal.  I got the vegetarian pasta which is one of the few vegetarian items they have- bummer- it it was just okay.  I wouldn't get it again.
Almost always quick and professional. The get my order right.  They are friendly and classy.  James works weekends. He is handsome young guy who teases about wearing his pjs to work because I always show up in mine thru the drive thru.  Even though sometimes Starbucks tastes strong I love it and would pick it first
I honestly can't say if I like here or Panda Express better.
i enjoyed this show. i think it's more for families though, the only thing i have to complain about is having to eat with my hands. other than that, this was a very fun show.
Overpriced, Average
I had a great cupping and deep tissue massage with Elliot. He was very professional and listened to what I wanted him to work on. The atmosphere was very soothing and it smelled fantastic. The price is cheap considering the care and great service. I'm planning on being a regular customer!
This place is exactly 1.1 miles away from my house, and they refuse to bend the apparently stringent delivery rules. Subs so fast you'll freak, my ass.
Very dependable place for early-morning departures. Friendly and efficient staff. Somewhat limited menu, but food is fresh and quickly prepared. Not a destination restaurant, but quite good for what it is.
I used to go to this place all the time but the last time I came and ordered Bun Rieu, I was very disappointed. The soup was bland and flavorless and it was $9.25! WTF! So overpriced. Not sure if I'll come back anymore.
They should have a rating of zero stars.  I play 20 bucks to wait an hour for at best a half clean car.  Stay away!!! Danny must not get his car cleaned here.
This is real Chicago style pizza.  Maybe not quite as good as Giordano's, but pretty darn close and better than you're likely to find around here.  If you're lucky enough to be within the delivery zone, this is the place to get your pizza.
Great food. This is now my favorite place for breakfast. The carnitas omelette is so amazing. Highly recommend.
Other than the cool multi-touch wall, service and food was disappointing.
Dude, you can get a movie ticket for 6 bucks ALL DAY on Tuesdays.  I've been going to this theater for over 10 years, they've never done me wrong :)
24 hrs open. Inside Planet Hollywood. Perfect hot sandwich. Crunchy and soft bread. Made fresh. Fast and cheap! I had the Earl's club and boyfriend had the Philly.  Both perfect and delicious! We came to eat at 4am so there was no line. Yummy!
Good food sadly portions have reduced as time as gone by, love their Mongolian beef, ok orange chicken, sadly not the best I've had.
love the food, recommend chicken tika masala (you can't go wrong with this one in any Indian restaurant) want to try lunch buffet sometime.
I enjoy going to this theater. It is clean and has nice seating. I also love Regal theaters and the rewards. I guess the only bad part is that the parking gets pretty bad on busy weekend nights. People end up parking in the grass or in non-existent parking spaces.
We had a great time. Absolutely different and fun. Lines were long....get there early or try to find a promoter. We got lucky...one of my friends knows a good promoter.
Sushi guy is great.\nHis avocado is not.\nSomehow, I'll return.
Your Vegas Neighborhood/Dive bar. Comfortable and welcoming. The bartenders are awesome and should be training the bartenders on the strip. Cheap beer, $2.50 for Sierra Nevada?? Great hot dogs. Did i mention the bartenders are awesome?
The cheesy breadsticks were delicious.  Everything else, not so much.
Got stuck on the plane for an extra hour after landing. Wifi is \n\"free\" but you have to pay for it.
Walked out. An hour wait no food and a rude waitress. This used to be a good place. They removed the bar,put a bunch of tables. Now it feels like a cafeteria will not go back! People sat after us, received their food, ate, paid and left and we hadn't received our food.
Really Excellent food, with an authentic feel. I've had Vietnamese food in many locations in Montreal (and other cities) and this one ranks high for service, and overall food quality. Looking forward to trying something new on their menu on a future visit !
This salon is very clean. I like how organized all the products for sale are . I made an appointment for a bang trim and Jason did my hair it looks terrific.
They've changed around the happy hour menu, but, it's a good change! \n\nAHI TUNA  SLIDERS FOR $9.95! They are good and SO worth it! Yeeeeeeeuh
I really enjoy the show even though its obvious now it is staged.  There is always  a large line of people outside waiting to get inside.  While they still have a pawn shop half of the store is selling pawn store shirts and other history channel pawn shop  merchandise.
This place can be wonderful or a disappointment depending on how well-staffed it is when you go there. Late night specials are outrageously low priced like the \"old Las Vegas\" Maxim Cafe, now long gone.  The T-bone special can be great or just okay..the daily specials are a great deal...
The bread they serve is very dry.  What would one expect from the only \"free\" item served?\n\nThe Cajun Ribeye is incredible and worth the $49.  It basically melts in your mouth.
Traveled 20 minutes from the strip to get shocked of the quality of food .\nWorst service .\nStay Away
Amazing if you are in the strip I don't care where walk the distance and check it out
Rotating taps. $9 flights. Best pretzel bun in town. I've never left unsatisfied. If I had to complain, it gets super loud in here.
The place was way too crowded for my liking. The food wasn't anything special, especially for the prices they are charging.\n\nThe service was very good although I was with a large private party and we were being catered to.
Wow what a great experience. The garlic crusted Seabass is a must try. The Osso Bucco is to die for. Great service and the atmosphere is breath taking. Definately try this Jewel in the Mirage.
nothing special.. it was a buffet with decent food.. i remember it being better a few years ago..
We have been to Toast multiple times and enjoy every time!!  We've tried omelets to french toast to the specials.  All Delish!!  Service is outstanding - there's always someone coming around to fill up your coffee cup.  It's definitely always full but not too bad of wait.
I didn't find the food all that flavorable, the service isn't great, and it's definitely not worth the price.
My boss is Indian and we decided to try and find a good Indian restaurant while in Az. We loved this place. We went back twice! Delicious food and wonderful service.\n\nThey have a facebook page with coupons.
This pizza tastes good, only when it's cut into triangles ! When they chop\nIt in squares , it takes away from crust in every slice ! You have to specifically tell them\nTo cut your pizza in triangles if you want the full\nFlavor!
This place is inconsistent. Every time we come here the quality is different. The burgers used to be delicious and most recently they waver. They do have great discounts- which is what keeps us coming back. The biscuits they give are also very tasty.
When in downtown Las Vegas, this is THE place I go and where I take my out of town guests. Great service, great intimate environment and I absolutely LOVE their menu.  \n\nFAVS:\n\n*Chicken Pot Pie (like no other!)\n*New York Steak
Not sure why so many bad reviews, ice cream is great and the service was expected (just a young kid serving ice cream).
Make sure you ONLY speak ENGLISH at this restaurant or they will throw you out. Racism is alive and well here.
Won't ever come back - the owner/ stylist was rough while flat ironing my hair and hit the side of my face -it resulted  a tiny burn mark!
This is a very fun airport. There are plenty of ways to kill time and money with all the shops and the slot machines everywhere. Also has plenty of spots to eat and drink at every terminal and close to almost all gates.
Great place, goes well with the area and the crowd here is very trendy and \"quiet\"\nOne of the downfalls is that they can have you waiting for some time. \nFood is great and the drinks menu is very vast.
I had a new shower built by these folks back in 2011 and it's been holding up great.  They were quick, did a good job, and stand behind their work.  I had some warranty repairs done a few months ago.  Very happy with the service I got and the end product is very nice
Good food but don't call the same day for reservations.  They are rude on the phone and are not helpful when you do call. Not good customer service.
Good gym but they still have not opened up a wifi connection. Would be nice for Sirius and Pandora music websites. I spend 10-15 minutes at Starbucks etc and get wifi. At the gym 3-4 hours a week and they don't have wifi??
I highly recommend Cami! She is truly an expert in Brazilian waxing and I wouldn't go anywhere else for it. She cares about her clients and always gives excellent service! :)
This place goes into the new casino catergory.  It is a decent casino, I liked the color schemes.  They are in a prime location with other nice hotels near it, like the Bellagio.  They are connected to a decent shopping area also.
I am glad to have a sprouts location down the street from me since moving into the area.  I love shopping here, decent prices for a good quality produce.  I prefer to shop here for my everyday groceries over any other grocery store.
Three stars because it's not good or bad. Pretty standard.  Getting our food the Saturday we were there took longer than I would have liked, but no real complaints.
I give them one star for being nice!  That does not fix cars!!  I have had my car in there twice and half of what I paid for actually was fixed, and they charged way too much!!
Too much styrofoam. They have no real dishes. Hot soup is in a styrofoam bowl. Egg roll are all doughy
Quite the update from awhile ago... this place has definitely grown on me! Despite the other reviews, this place actually isn't too bad. Conveniently placed where the lunch rush goes and is a great alternative.\n\nThe chicken teriyaki is always on point and very delicious.
How does this place have 4 star reviews??\n\nThe food isn't that great and staff isn't friendly either. They take so much time to serve! The other Thai restaurants in the area are way better.
This is not a review, just a tip.  Restaurant is closed and fenced off, so don't waste your time driving to the Mesa location.  Yelp and the restaurant website both need to be updated to reflect this.
Such a fantastic interior! So bright and inviting! Love it! But, make sure to ask for your sausage or bacon extra cooked, it arrived very, VERY under done. Oh, and the iced coffee blends are Delish!
Dirty tables, long stretches of time between server and table. When the server did attend, the tone was smarmy and cordial. I found  it difficult to not stand up and wave or snap my fingers just to get the table wiped after 10 minutes. \n\nFood was passable as Costco frozen BBQ.
OK steak, but nothing over the top.  Ambiance is lacking, and the smoke pouring in from the casino was overwhelming the night we ate there.  Waiters were a bit too pretentious especially for a steakhouse.  No extras or outstanding flavors in the meal here.  In a word average.
Very very good Italian food. However, the good food comes with a very steep price. If your looking for a good date night restaurant this is the place to go.
During the first visit I was treated very well, the staff is very friendly and professional\nBut on subsequent visits the doctor is very cold and if you have no money for treatments make you feel that there are no other options, recommend expensive treatments and offers no alternatives.
It should never ever  - ever EVER take 30 minutes to get a burrito bowl, no matter how long the line is.  Yes, it was lunch time but management should have this under control.  2 stars only because I heart chipotle.
I like fish and I like fish tacos so I thought this would be a no brainer. For the money you really don't get much, and it was mostly fried fish in a tortilla anyway. I'd say skip it and go to a legit Mexican place for fish.
Great portions and so cheap. Take a cab from the strip downtown and have good food without the figure head name. This resturant has been here and stood the test of time.  Freshly made chicken pot pie, hot fresh yeast rolls. Late night grub under $10.00
Decent food. You get a LOT of rice, which I feel is too dry. Falafel was overcooked. Service is slow, and the food comes out in spurts. Had a cucumber salad which was good. Cannot recommend for a group, but for a couple of people it's fine.
Went here almost a year ago and the tuna martini is to die for delicious. But on a Friday night it was very noisy so that you could not have a conversation and no other sushi stood out as really great.\n\nWe thought it was expensive.
The mango boba drink is super refreshing!
I would give this place a half star but that is not an option! \n\nThe food sucked~the service sucked~the place just sucks.....\n\nI hate for this to be my first review but it was just that bad!!!!
This place is GREAT!!! Get there stamp cards! But the last 2 times, there service has went downhill....\n\n\nGreat food if you don't mind the crappy service.
very cool place.    usually too many people there, too many kids, no alcohol
It's a bathroom stop.  Food is bad, place is always dirty, people are okay, iced tea is good.  Playground's always dirty, I would never let my kid play there.  Yuck.
Came across this gem on a Yelp search and really glad I did. I can't wait to go back again and try something else the Phoenix rocks!
I just called this place they have a year restriction on what year your RV is. She wanted to know what year my RV is, I don't care if they were to give me a spot for free, I would not stay there. The lady didn't seem too happy that I have a 2005 Class-C RV.
Really, 4 puny fried oysters for $8.95? Four fabulous, plump beautifully prepared oysters, sure, but our appetizer was a joke, truly laugh out loud pathetic.  Way too many good restaurants in this town for this to be acceptable. McCormick and Schmick's insults.
My car is my baby. And the people at caliber collision center were gentle with my baby. Thank you Kyle and everyone that helped for amazing service! Will be back when my baby needs more pampering :).
Dude this place is bomb! \nThe greatest saucee ever! \nI prefer shrimp and clam than crawfish tho!\nbut its great!
Not a fan.  The Gelato was ok, at best.  And the bad thing was that they had Costco muffins for sale.  ah, that's not good.  at least be creative.
This was so bad everyone in the wedding party visiting got up half way through. I go to comedy shows regularly and I have seen local opening acts that held my attention better. Save your $! Don't waste your time!
Service is not always great here but the food is consistently delicious. Love the veggie burger. Fresh made sauces and all organic make this place good for your body as well. Best time to go is for lunch. Service sadly decreases at dinner.
Just had a ridiculous interaction with Linda, the owner, over a $7 Groupon coupon. Sad really. There are so many pizza places; she needs to appreciate it's the little things that keep customers happy
I'm sure they have some things that are good but I suggest to not get the sweet and sour chicken. Not very good flavor.
Nice place to work out. Friendly staff nice environment.
I really liked the atmosphere here and the beer is great.  Happy hour food was pretty good.  At another visit we had a hamburger and fries.  It would have been perfect except for THAT BUN!  OM-Gosh what a horrible bun.
Good ice cream with the normal flavors. The cookie dough ice cream could have used more cookie dough bites, but it was tasty nonetheless. It is strange to see an ice cream parlor inside of a standard gas station, but i have no problems with it.
Delicious iced coffee, and something that looks amazing called an espresso spritzer. Will try that next time. Great vibe-- between pijo and hipster, but on neither end of that spectrum.
Felt very taken advantage of. I can save almost $500 by towing to another place. All they wanted was for me to get a credit card with them. Felt used, not helped.
It's just a mall. But hey, it's a mall with normal mall prices in the middle of the strip! It's a convenient place to pop in to pick up something that you may have forgotten at home or to replace that shirt that you ruined the night before.
Insanely long wait in line. Will not rent from here again.
Twice they used or gave me a schrader tube when I wanted a presta tube. Will not be back.
Small place....awesome spring rolls!
Buffet dinner selection is limited. The Chinese section is not edible. BBQ pork tastes like jerky. Only thing descent is the dessert selections. Not worth the money.
Love, love, love this place. The staff is so nice and welcoming but the best part is the variety of unique waffles. You must try the Maple Bacon Waffle and the Red Velvet (so yummy and to die for). \n\nI can't wait to return and try some of their other items.
Amazing food, service was a little slow for 10PM at night.
Great food for a sports bar, decent beer selection and friendly staff. I go quite often.
Not being open during posted hours when you have multiple customers outside in the heat waiting for your uhaul service is totally unacceptable.
Drive thru was fine, service friendly.. Might return if in the area.
We love Rosa's!  We come here at least once a month with all 5 of our children.  We especially love \"kids eat free on Tuesday\" for obvious reasons.  The service is always great.  Food is good and comes out very quickly.  Great family owned restaurant!
love the live music! a good mix of old and new stuff.  \nlove the sauce on the ribs! finger lickin' goodness. \n\ncame here for a late night drink/snack with a bunch of friends. good alternative to the whole bar/club atmosphere. food is decently priced. free glass with certain drinks =P
Absolutely spectacular.  Spinning flat screen tv, best pool scene in vegas.  hottest clubs.  from start to finish this was an amazing 'ultra casino'.  As the name Encore suggests...I would do it again!
The service was great. The place had a great look and feel to it. I appreciate that they reached out to do something different with the bruschetta but I wouldn't order it again.
Do not like this location. It's the only location that makes you Wait when you order brewed coffee. All other locations as soon as you order they pour your cup you pay and then you're on your way no waiting
Asked for white rice 3 times and they still gave me brown rice. Oh yeah there was a piece of a napkin inside my tray.
$12 for huge sacks of mulch, or $50 to fill the bed of our truck.
I took my two dogs there today for the first time after hearing great things about Shaggy Chic.  The groomer did an amazing job and my little ones looked great. The owner was there when I dropped them off and she is absolutely lovely. I highly recommend this place!
I am not a fan of this branch. While I feel sorry for the workers because there is ALWAYS a line, they truly do not treat all customers equally. They tend to cater towards the Mexican clientele. It is nice that most of the workers are bilingual, but they shouldn't be unfriendly to the other clientele.
Food was decent for what it is.\n Generous portions,friendly counter guy.\nPlace probably would fail a health inspection thou.\nNever going back!
Just went to Christina here at Salon Cielo.  She is such a fun, sweet person.  She did an incredible job on my highlights and cut. Looking forward to going to her for a long time. Thank you so much, Christina!!
This is the worst Gelato I tried in the Valley...it doesn't even seem like Gelato...it seems fat and sweet like an ice cream.  Expensive. I will NOT go back.
Would not return. Extremely slow service, and treats you differently if you have a discount voucher. Avoid unless you are willing to go without a groupon or livingsocial voucher.
I came here on my way to school the other day and didn't get the chance to sit down and eat there but they are express so you can always do a take out which is pretty quick, i ordered teriyaki chicken with broccoli and can't wait to try what else they have to offer.
I liked this place very much. It was recommended by my mom who is a frequent customer. Cindy did an excellent job on my gel manicure. Took her time on my nail designs. Very friendly. Prices were reasonable. In definitely coming back here again.
Great service and great work! They do take a little while, but if you plan for it and its not a big deal at all. But the customer service it was very good.
This was a really good venue! The seats we had were very good and all the employees were very helpful and knew what they were doing.
Went in today with a yelp deal on my phone. They would only except printed deals. Even though i had a conformation number. Food is average at best. Probably won't go back.
My mom loves this place, I disagree.\n\nYou know when you walk into a place and you get the \"me thinks not\" feeling. Well, go with you gut or else your gut will get you in return. Ya know what I mean?
Always a five-star beautiful view of Vegas... Service was terrible as the busboy kept yawning as as he stood three feet from our table... he killed the moment and the experience.  will never come back.
Ordered the breakfast sampler. It was served warn, not hot and they forgot my pancakes. The food was awful, the coffee was really weak. The service was so so. The ihop here in LA it's way better. Never eating there again when visiting Vegas.
Food was good. Burger was supposed to be medium but it was medium well. Service lacked a bit.
Awesome.  It's different, it's (can be) healthy, it's clean, it's delicious, it's, quick, and it's a great price.\n\nGood spot for sure.
Thumbs down. Service is terrible!
Quick and decent to-go food. Way above what you should have to pay for a burger/sandwich/etc ($15-$20) but it's way cheaper than everything else around, so if you're in a bind for time, stop by and this will at least hit the spot (an expensive spot).
Great sushi at reasonable prices. Lots of menu options for those who are not into sushi. Good location
Excellent pho. There is simply no more I can say.
Every place is Scottsdale sucks. Trust me, I stayed there for a week during Spring Training 2010. They have to cover up nipples there. Something I didn't know before.
I always make a point to stop at this little cigar spot when I go to Las Vegas. Owner is a nice fellow who's quick to give you advice on what to get if you're a newbie smoker. \n\nIt's interesting to watch the workers hand roll the cigars at their work stations too.
We went to Ago for a quick bite before going out.  I have to say, I was not that impressed.\n\nWe had pasta and pizza...the pasta was dry and tasteless.  Pizza was pretty good but not for a restaurant like this.
The crepes were too chewy and hard to cut with a knife, the smoothies tasted like artificially sweetened tang and overall the price was way too much for what we ordered. The only reason why this place gets 2 stars was because of the nice staff.
I went to triple C this Saturday. I loved their Hefeweizen !!!!
Slowest Starbucks ever! Going on 15min for vanilla latte. 15min may not sound long, but for a drink, on a slow morning.
A few rude staff members have made me not want to go back. I started going to pink spot since grand opening.
Holy Cow we had the Rambo Burger and the BLT and can't wait to come back to the sixties again!
We checked this store out after we got back from Japan. We wanted to find some specific ingredients.  The proprietor was downright rude to us and unpleasant, as if she did not want us in the store since we were not regular customers.  Maybe she was just in a terrible mood or something, but we will never go back,
I think I might have become the yelp town crier of closed restaurants. CLOSED is babycakes.
Horrible Service!!!!!!!!  It's been two years, and I still want to inform others to avoid this taxi service!!!!
Huge screen. Weird crowd. Move your wallet to your front pocket.
Love SuTra Midtown Yoga!  The studio is gorgeous and completely relaxing. The classes are unique and fun.  The staff has always been friendly and it seems they really want to know the yoga-goers and support downtown Phoenix.  I'm looking forward to taking many more classes there!
Kind staffs, cool character figures, tasty:)\n\nDefinitely come back for next vegas trip
Sa is fantastic!  She was very  friendly and the did an AMAZING job!  Glossy nails is the best place I have been to in Las Vegas!  Love Love Love them!!! Definitely recommend and I will be back!!!
Good food.....good beer! And great pumpkin spice beer (if you get it while it's in season). My only complaint it's that it gets hot  inside in the summer.
I have been to this Michaels a few times and every time it is the same.  The employees are NOT interested in helping you with anything.  The store is pretty big and when you are looking for something very specific it can be hard to know where it is.  I have gotten an attitude from all employees that I have encountered here.
This place is awesome. Super nice studio, amazing instructors, killer workout. If you're looking for an easy going exercise, this is not for you! I could barely move the day after my first class. I've already been to three classes this week and will continue coming here as long as I live in Arizona!!
Fresh good food with great service. I'ts not the cheapest place to eat, but in this case, you get what you pay for. I'm sure ill be back!
Called this store for a laptop charger with the part number and was told I would have to bring it in. Wtf the part # is not enough info to help me, its for an HP. I will not even waste my time with these people!!!
Highly Recommended. Good Food!
Huge portions, even as a lunch mini we got tons of food.  The katsu curry was good and the lumpia was fresh.  Great prices, generous portions, and good service.
My wife loves this place.  The only downside its so busy.
Since staff changes, Desert MINI's Customer service has gone from awful to AMAZING!   The new GM Brandon is very Customer Service oriented and the service staff is beyond the best there is.. Dawn in service is very helpful and goes above and beyond for her customers!
Alright sushi. At least they have a few good roles for $5 ish. Good and quick for a pick-up lunch during the work week.\n\nNo seating. Takeout/Pick up only.
Busy but they hustle and are friendly. Guys are moving and pushing each other to so well (I can hear them yelling in the bay). An appointment would probably be helpful, but I didn't mind waiting since I can work on my laptop. Better than most I've been to.
Yummy worth getting off the strip for!!
If you like to play low-limit Texas Hold 'Em then this is good place to do it. They have tons of tournaments and lots of tables. The only problem with this place is that the other players are OLD. Oh well, you came here to play poker.
Great entertainment for Men and Women.Loved the dancing singing and sexy ppl.Will go back again
Tastes like JITB.  The tables were really dirty.  Wasn't busy at all and nobody cleaning the tables.  I'm glad I brought my own wipes.
Love their teriyaki everything. Used to be samurai sams and that was horrible. Yogis gives you a good amount of food with every order too. I always get a chicken bowl and gyoza. Love their rolls too. Best teriyaki sauce ever.
Order the scorpion on the rocks or with ice cream. You wont be sorry. Don't forget to go back to the Fireside Lounge for an after breakfast cocktail.
I love this place. The food seems very authentic. I dont know for sure because I'm not vietnamese. I loved it. Very natural and flavorful. Can't wait to go again.
Location Is NOT open for lunch as hours say on Yelp.. Monday to Friday they open at 4. Please fix your information.
This place has the best people running it! The smoothies are absolutely delicious, and the tea gives me great energy. This is my happy place :) I love it. Hope you get to enjoy, too!
Just got home and while in drive through, person taking order was polite.she dropped some of my change,but never acknowledged it.i asked for catsup and ranch, I got one ranch and no catsup!food was of normal quality.
Doing the double-double animal style.  Though I still have love for fries well done, I made the switch back to good old regular.
We've been here four times now and absolutely love it! The veggie mushroom hash with tomato hollandaise is my personal favorite. Hands down the best breakfast place I've eaten at.
Crazy is the only word to describe this event!  200,000 people, most of them drunk. . .it's like a crazy part with golf in the background.  Kind of price---most vendors do not accept credit cards.
Not the fanciest of places, but has everything you need in all the right places... Service & food!! Our waitress Christin was very nice & attentive. The food can out hot, fast and very flavorful. Menu had plenty to choose from, I look forward to going back & trying different things.
so good and worth it just gets a little full but for the most part its speedy although crowded it was better and cheaper than hotel food and close enough to walk
The mexi-ameri-menu you expect.\nNot really anything especially bad or especially nice to say.\nChips warm and fresh, but salsa was kind of \"jar-of picante-like\" bleh.\nLarge portion. Great coupon.
I ve been twice and haven't liked it either time. The lines are crazy long and by the time you get the food it's not good! The hummus come like water and the meat has been undercooked both times! Won't be back sorry to say!!
Fabulous!!!!!
Really great place love the ambiance, guac was really fresh and loaded!! I had the chicken tacos and they were great, fresh and on point! I wish there was\nMore items to select with more dish choices but what they have to offer is great and quality ! So I can't complain !
Yes, its the best buffet I've ever had. But, its a buffet...
This is the third time going.  It's clean and relaxing.  I've been going to Michael and he is very good.  I tell him the areas I need work on and he gets the knots out. I go there weekly and never have any problem tipping more than normal.
Told them to replace my belt tensioner due to frequent squeaking after replacing my belt.. They looked around and said ,\"nope, take the belt back and ask for a new one under warranty\".. Charged be $12, and after installing a new belt, turns out they were right. Honest guys.
My family loves the Tom Yum soup ( hot )....
For the price (~$8), I was expecting way more food but the portions were very mediocre. On top of that, the food wasn't that great. Don't think i'll be coming here again.
We've been coming here for years. We actually moved to the Summerlin area and tried a new eye doctor in the area but ended up back here. Worth the drive. The staff is very nice and we like Dr Duggan very much.
We've been here for happy hour a couple times but it's been a while since we had a meal.  Drinks and dinner were very good.  Service was attentive and friendly.
Absolute worst service ever. Been here for 1 1/2 hours and still no food. Manager ignored 3 requests to talk to us and when he finally came to our table he had an attitude. Waitress was non existent. Don't come here if you want to eat anytime soon.
I have been here 4 times the service and food has always been consistent and great! This place is spotless too!
My husband went here for a haircut after reading the reviews here on Yelp, and we (I say we, because his haircuts rarely get my stamp of approval!) were very happy!\nHe got a short (yeah!) haircut and it looks great!
I ordered the Sonny's Sampler, and omg. I had absolutely no complaints. Such delicious food with tons of flavor! Pulled pork is by far my favorite! Going back tonight for dessert!
The worst service ever! too hectic where the servers don't know what they're doing!
My eye examiner was Dr. Efrem Prado and he was very thorough, pleasant, and just plain nice! He was a delightful experience!
Not many choices, Feast buffed at Red Rock Casino is much better
The service is fantastic and the staff is really helpful. Nicolas was awesome. I love my new sneakers.
Service was quick and friendly. Meal came out nothing like the pictures on yelp. Would return only to see if it's better the second time.
Best tacos for the price in Chandler. Authentic Mexican food at a reasonable price. They also have Sonoran Hot Dogs. \n\nCarne Azada and chicken tacos are the best in my opinion.
Stayed here a couple of years ago, for 1 night. I just have to comment....it was so disappointing. Another priceline bid/deal gone wrong. \n\nHell.
This place is awesome! I've searched high and low for a great hotdog and they don't disappoint here
Food was fantastic ... had the monthly special - Short Ribs and Green Chiie Mac and Cheese and the chicken breast dinner with potato cakes.  Both of us loved our meals, but the margaritas were WAY over priced ... small and really not that good for what they are charging.
Tried the Sage fried chicken Benedict due to the Man vs Food recommendation. Kids had the blueberry pancakes. Way too much biscuit for the Benedict but the taste was good and portions were pretty amazing. Great service too.
Great and affordable pizza
Rude, snobby and way over priced they run this place like a cruise ship & encourage you to charge away. Not large family friendly and very poorly managed, beware at sign up our understanding was not honored and so we chose to take our business elsewhere.
Service was great but both my boyfriend and I ended up with a touch of food poisoning. I think it was from the chicken on a stick appetizer. We both ate that and it was the only common thing we ate. I will not be going back to the Pink Pepper:(
This place is trashy, but the music is good. People literally do drugs in public here.
They used to have free wifi that I could use and it disappeared about a week ago :( will stop going if the wifi stays gone :( great prices always but I like to compare to online to be reassured I'm getting a great deal by using my iPad
The food is tasty and better than what I expect when going to a local bar. When I complimented the blue cheese dressing, our waitress told us it was made there fresh, and that quality seemed to extend to everything we ordered. In my experience the service is usually not that great, though.
Well, if I came here only to watch the game I would have given this place 5 stars based on the atmosphere.  However, came here for lunch and 20 minutes later I still have no drink. Oh, and six waitresses have walked past me but not said a word. What great customer service! Kudos to you....
Wynn & Encore are similar but I LOVE the Encore more!
Very professional job. Quite happy with the results and would recommend it to anyone who wants to have solar screens installed.  Two thumbs up for Mr. Goodman!
Very disappointing!!! Overly priced and very poor quality food! :(\nCame here after reading the reviews but feel let down.
Serving cold food on styrofoam plates= class. The service was horrible, with the waitress saying they had 'ground beef' and came out with steak, saying 'Thats what we have'. Also, got food poisoning. Stat away!
Got a cut this morning from George..he hooked it with a tight fade/sidecut and a clean line up. I recommend making an appointment walk-ins seemed busy even at opening. Best thing is they open early on most days.
You can never go wrong with watching KA.  The stage is a true masterpiece since it moves.  The best seats are in the back section or else your neck might hurt from looking up if your in the front section.  Spectacular show.  A must see!
I love Whole Foods! This location makes me feel like a little kid on Christmas! The selection of fine cheeses is awesome and they always have a fabulous one to sample. My latest discovery is the little boy blue, it is soooooo good. I also love that I can find Oak Creek Amber here too, the hubs favorite beer.
My first time here, this salon came highly recommended. I'll definitely be back when i'm in town! Clean space and friendly staff and prices are reasonable. My pedi and mani were thorough and delightful.
Big portions, but that only means you have to stomach a pile of terrible food.\n\nXO is just steps away, go there instead and save yourself from a terrible meal.
The dessert is not as good as i through...it just got the wow factor when they first came, however it is too sweet to finish the whole ice cream even thou that's the only thing we order.....\nBut the pizza from another table look nice, maybe I'll have that next time!
Acai bowls are good, I just wish they'd freely post their nutritional information.
I love this place.  Food is amazing and the folks who own it:::very cool.\n\nIf I lived in Tempe, i would eat here 3-4 times a week.  Anytime I visit AZ, I will eat here over and over and over .......
You couldn't walk by this place without being attacked with coupons for liquor or food. We choose the liquor. I had a couple of strawberry margarita's and they were delicious. Very smooth and easy to drink. The crowd was a little stale in the bar and the restaurant was empty?
This place is great. I love the quick service and fresh ingredients you can choose from. Crust is delicious and I noticed they have gluten free ones too! May try that next time.
: Long line, ticket to get in is only $20..pricey drinks, rave not a big fun, walked in and had a couple of drinks walked out of the club disappointed :(
Although I am going to swear off fast food I stop in to see Jack for lunch. Got my normal Burger, Seasoned fries, motts sticks, and the Death by Chocolate treat. The girl on the Speaker was clear and got my order right, it was out the window and in my hands under 3 minutes.
Delicious Pad Thai -- couldn't get enough of it! However, the service was less than helpful. After being brought our drinks, the waitress never returned for our order. We ended up flagging down a different waitress and ordering our food to-go.
Just had lunch today with a few of my girlfriends. I ordered the fish tacos and would not hesitate to order them again next time. I'm not much of a restaurant critic so I'll finish by saying the service was great and food was delicious!
love their fried rice. crave their chicken and broccoli. steamed dumplings are awesome. only problem is that I'm less than a half mile away and it takes 45 minutes for delivery. I order when I'm not hungry so I will be when it gets here. yum!
The inside of the motel is nice enough for business travelers.  The reason why I am giving two starts is because this is not a safe area for a woman to walk around.  I stayed here without a car and felt uncomfortable walking to restaurants.  I even had someone pull over asking me for a ride.  Not safe.
I went there for my first time last week for lunch. It was busy but our food still came out quickly. Service was very good.  I got the shrimp clay pot.  It was decent but a little sweet for my taste. I will definitely check it out again and try something new.
Best pizza in Charlotte. Reminds me of New York, Boston style pizza. Nice huge slices. Took me 2 years to find a pizza place that deserves repeat business. I just wish they delivered. Staff is very down to earth.
The dim sum here was pretty good,  and the service was relatively friendly.  The location is right in the center of Chinatown.
This McDonald's has the slowest staff I have EVER seen. Absolutely pathetic!
Great if you want to spend $18 to see lots and lots and lots of cactus.
This place has excellent Korean food. Probably the best in Charlotte. I recommend the spicy squid and short ribs. The seafood pancakes and bibimbop are also pretty good. Wish they had actual BBQ grills but it's still great.
Terrible. Terrible service, bland food, dirty seating area.
Very professional and caring. I have had 3 appointments and I am seeing a difference in my pain level and my range of motion. If no one has been able to help you with your pain, give them at shot...you may be amazed! I will continue to see them with hope that I will keep improving.
How effing dare this place call themselves Mineo's Pizza!  This is nothing more than a typical half-assed Pizza Milano.  Beware locals and travelers alike - this is not to be confused with \"Mineo's Pizza HOUSE\" located in Squirrel Hill and Mt. Lebanon.
Not very impressed, food was just ok.  Way over priced.
Breakfast was fantastic biscuits and gravy they have real red potato hash browns really good. will return again
Great quick service   Leo did my nails,  funny guy.  Suggested a color I would never have choose but turned out cute.
Had a deep dish cheese and chicken pizza that was great. Service was horrible from the seating to the server.
Amazing show!!!!! Rod Stewart puts on a great show!! The energy in the Coliseum was  unbelievable ! Everyone was singing along. \nRod was non stop. It's hard to believe he will be 70 in January!
The waitress was not a fake \"over the top\" nice waitress but rather a more genuine nice person. The burger as cooked perfectly and the ingredients were high quality. I also asked a milkshake that was pretty good. To finish off they also have Italian expresso! Perfect meal! I definitely recommend.
Food was okay but staff was unfriendly. Order a kids meal and was charged for a regular meal. When I mentioned that I order a kids meal the cashier looked at me and asked \"Are you sure?\" Horrible experience.
Don't bother.  Overpriced, supermarket cuts of meat and rude customer service.  You could honestly get a better steak at the likes of Ryan's or Golden Corral.  I'm amazed people like this place so much.
I loved everything about this place.  The food and service was great! When I received the bill I was happy also.  It was fairly priced!  YES, ..I recommend this place!
I love this place! I go there when I go to State Street. Great place for small gifts or just to go and look at things--eye candy!
Worst place!!!!! Everything I brought to them came back stained! I would never take my clothes to them again! They are cheap for a reason.
The food is awesome but the delay is too long.  We waited 30 minutes from the time we ordered to get three BBQ sandwiches.
John is a great healer. I've gone to him bent over unable to stand upright and afterwards almost without any pain and fully mobile. Whether you want a relaxing massage or are in pain, he's your man. His home is safe and quiet. John is a total professional and no one need worry about anything.
I'm not a big steak person, but this is one of the best places to come if you are.
The chocolate tree gains one star because since this occasion, I haven't encountered the same bad service and the food has been really tasty. I think this is the only place in Edinburgh which offers Spanish hot chocolate with churros and Italian ice cream.
Food was well done and well presented.  The grilled octopus was cooked just right. And the main dishes and dessert were quite good.  On the pricy end but was good for taking my wife there for her birthday dinner and a special evening.
This place is amazing...everything is good, especially the green chile stew. Gonna be back every time I'm in AZ.
Good seats and good location in the casino, being that you walk right in and its on your right next to the food court. Kept clean and good sound.
Milk Tea Boba here is awesome!!! Milk Tea taste great! Boba is on point! I just wish the price was cheaper. Other than that I definitely will be back.
Excellent prices and the people working there are friendly. CLEAN inside unlike other Mexican rest's in the area. The taste of the food is at top game and love eating at this place!
Great sandwiches at an awesome price!
I never give 5 star's to a food place but this place is that good.  We found this place on yelp and enjoyed the atmosphere and mostly the burgers.  The owner and his family take pride in the place and it shows in the food. It's clean love the table tops lol
The only reason I'm even giving this place 1 star is cause it's the lowest I could go, if you care at all about your health you will never dine here. yeah it's super cheap but you get what u pay for, garbage
Awful food. Soggy taco shells and staff are not very friendly.
small, plenty of escalators and elevators, security lines are short.
had a great burger today....steak skewers were prefect...great staff..can't go wrong!!!
Go ahead kick yourself in the a$$ for not trying this place sooner and I met the owner today very nice guy, Arturo I hope this is right but very nice guy and a great hr person just look at the staff he has picked
I have been here 4 times. The first time was great! The wait staff was friendly and the wings were great. However, the three times after that I had horrible wait staff, was ignored by the manager, and the food was lacking at best.
This place is sometimes closed but most of the time... no one is even in there... the velvet rope is up like people are actually going to stand in line LOL!!!  Rain treated people like crap back in the days and now is out of business LOL!!!
Love, love, love this place. Weekend specials are always delish, especially the saltimbocca. Best tiramisu I've ever had, hands down.
There was no champagne or roses as expected.  Also, they were 15 minutes late.  There are a lot of limo services in Las Vegas but unfortunately this one is a gamble.
The teriyaki and arizona bowls are good!
This used to be one of our favorite places.  However, on a recent visit, the sausage was full of gristle, not fun to eat and I am not picky.  The pepperoni pizza was good although all the food is much too salty.  Wings are still great.
Can't say much about the Steelers, but U2 was fantastic.
Visited this location on 2 occasions. Both times we were served water and chips and nobody returned to take our order. We will not go back a 3rd time.
Today Brian came to clean our bedroom carpets, our couch and chairs.  He did an amazing job and took extra time to get it all to his high expectations.  We have found our future carpet cleaner and will be happy to recommend him to our friends and family.
I have had a lot of tacos, these are probably the best. The exterior leaves much to be desired and seating is nil, but the hassle is well worth the incredible food. I strongly recommend the chorizo sope and the guacamole.
we went for our second ultrasound at this location today and had a great time. Very professional, clean and knowledgeable. She really took the time to help us see our baby girl clearly!
LOVE THIS PLACE! Food is amazing. Pastries are too many to choose from so i usually end up with all and share with all my friends. Have sent so many friends to eat there. They all love it. Glad Anthem has such a great place to eat!
I love their fruit smoothie.  I usually get the avocado and cantaloupe. Their boba are chewy and delicious.  I'm glad that they accept credit cards now but they changed $.20 per transaction.
Food was great, service sucked
They had allllllll kinds of great breakfast/lunch choices.  I selected a yummy island style meal (think Hawaiian).... My guy loved his biscuits & gravy.
fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.  my mom pulled the veto card tonight.  when she does that, the family must comply or suffer.  but in this case, we all complied and suffered.
It's ok.  Your standard breakfast place like IHOP.  I got pancakes and it had not taste.  I wasn't super impressed.\n\nHowever, the service was excellent!!  But, I wouldn't drive out of the way to go there....
Nice park.....but not enough shades to watch the childrens... water park area
Pros:\nCool atmoshere\nGreat steak & lamb\nGood service\nGood side dishes\n\nCons:\npork wasn't that good\nsalad bar is lacking\nlobster bisque had NO lobster and was bland
Love their jerky.  Top shelf grade A so tasty so delicious.  10-10 for the best jerky in the game
Great food and wonderful service. Here during breakfast hour. I will be back.
My husband and I always make this our first stop when we are in Pittsburgh. The food is always good and the ambiance charming on the patio. BYOB makes it even better as we can always have our favorite wines with our meal. The service is very friendly and efficient.
Filet mignon was really good but Caesar salad was not spectacular. Kind of empty for a Saturday night when I went, and enjoyed the fast, friendly service. I'd go back, but it's not a place I would rave about to friends.
great service, fun late night place to grab a bite of authentic irish food\n\nthe prices are really good, especially for the size and deliciousness of the food you get.\n\ndefinitely not a bad place to swing by in Vegas!\n\ntry the guinness stew!
This store has to be the worst CVS ever. All I want to do is pick up my pictures and the guy who is playing manger has no idea what he is doing. Next time I am going to order my pics from snap fish.
Happy Hour!! Great time to bring the kids too. Also mojitos are good too!
Food is the best but service sucks ass, I will wait for the mariscos (they are the best) but waitresses don't know that people will tip good for good service.
As I sat down, I had to ask the people further down the row if they had vomited.
awesome people working there that really know their stuff. Great selection of guns. WE LOVE ARIZONA TACTICAL FIREARMS
I grew up with Five Guys in Virginia about 20 years ago, OK you caught me, 25 years ago and they are just as good out here as they are back east.  Love those Five Guys.  Burgers, Fries, cool soda machine designed by Apple and Ferrari, what's not to love.
This is by far my least favorite airport to wind up going through or spend any time in. Unless you love listening to the deafening, soul-eating wailing of ten-thousand electronic slot machines, I can't see anything positive about this place.
I have been going to Wilhelm for almost 7 years now. They are reliable, trustworthy and honest. I don't think I would trust my car with anyone else. The manager, Jim, is as good as it gets, and I hope the owners realize what an excellent person they have running their front office.
Hanks is a wonderful all around dining experience. They make you feel so special and the food is all amazing. \nI have been there with friends, for business, and for an anniversary. This restaurant is great for any occasion.
Been here twice.  When we ate in, the food was great.  Two days later, placed a take out order and they got it all wrong.  East in I'd tipu have a choice.
$6.99 Steak & Eggs?!?!  I was extremely excited...and you let me down.  I think my jaw still hurts from the chewy steak I consumed that night...thank God for A-1 steak sauce.
Wellness drink my absolute fav!!! I tried the veggie burger & although it is made fresh...it was a little dry. Needs some hummus or some type of cilantro pesto something....overall I'm a fan!
I enjoyed the prime rib, and I thought it was reasonably priced. We sat in the bar which was noisy, but we still got good service from the waitress. The trout and cous cous was also very good. We split the banana cream pie for desert and it was so fresh with real banana's. Would definitely go back.
Got grabbed off floor, too. Did not buy the $500 2-step skin treatment system. What a scam.
I still say Yogurtland is the best froyo in the east valley at least. Someone correct me and I'll go try it. This place has 2, count them, 2 tart flavors. However, they have granola, which is one of my favorite toppings. So, extra star there.
The food is average, with the exception of the chips. The chips are fantastic. They are a combination of traditional tortilla chips and thick, deep-fried tortilla slices. Very good. The service was bad. Most, if not all, of the servers just don't care and show it.
Their Italian turkey sub is great. Service fast and friendly.
Well, I would say, the food is fine but I had to wait there for a really long time. Finally I decide to order take-away. After I paid, nobody talked to me. They don't even take my receipt. I understand they are really busy, but still feel uncomfortable.
Pretzels were wonderful and delish. Check the dates on any products on the shelf.
Owner is an arrogant prick!!! Don't care if the food is good or not, but there are too many good restaurants in old town to give this guy your hard earned $$$$
I like to come on Taco Tuesdays and pick up dinner for the family. The guys working up front are always super nice, order is always correct and food is  delicious ..
Just has an appointment with Luis.  Great job!!! Did an awesome color (works wonders with blondes, most people make me too brassy) and cut and threw in a great style. Definitely going back to him!
Food is always good, service is hit or miss. Prices are high. Nothing special. Salads are creative and fresh.
Best place in town Buddy and his crew will hook you up
Too much time spent talking at the beginning, shortened versions of songs, poor ending.
Best best pizza in Vegas! I lived in Italy this is the closet I have found to Italy!!! Awesome salads! Awesome service!!
Visited and stayed at Circus Circus, \"Manor Motor Lodge,\"which is the motel portion of the resort. The rooms were older, but clean. The casino attracts lots of families and there's a lot of stuff for kids to spend money on. Didn't feel ripped off at all.
Stopped by this place for some wings, never been before and used the free appetizer promotion they advertised. I have to say I was impressed doesnt look like much from the outside but its really nice inside, the service is good and food is tasty as far as wings go. Definitely will stop by soon.
Love how close this place is to my house, love the Californian dreamin chicken sandwich! This place has a friendly staff and is kept clean. I have been here a bunch of times and have never been disappointed!!
Happy hour is good. Love the wings!! Reasonable drink prices and even after happy hour ended mid-meal we continued to get happy hour prices so that was much appreciated. Kids eat free damn near always! Always a good spot to hit with the wife for quick drinks or to take the kids for a bite.
The food is phenomenal and worth every expensive penny.
Great breakfast and fun atmosphere! High quality at a reasonable price.
DO NOT GO HERE! The guy in charge of this place will rip you off. My car now has more problems than when I originally went and he took advantage of the fact that I'm just a student... overcharged by way too much.
I eat here too much! They have great drink specials and the happy hour foodies are yummy! The rolls are the best I have had so far in the Valley, I don't get out much:) The service is so-so but over all a great place!
Nothing to write home about! Poor service and the herb fried rice was just ok. Will not recommend this place. There may be other better options...
Good food, great service!  I love their #5 taco plate!  I only wished they would open earlier.
2.5 / 5 - Lard Nar BBQ Pork: Big hunks of pork, sweet tangy sauce, nice wide noodles.\n1.0 / 5 - Spicy Basil: Very wattery flavor.  Spice with no flavor.  Watery.
Service was horrible when I went took forever to get a drink. bartenders were slow and unorganized practically only serving one side of the bar.  Security was also very rude.  Ladies night girls drink for free but id rather pay for my drinks just to get better service.
One of my favorites.  The food and service are always excellent.   Whatever you have, ending with the bread pudding (not listed on the menu) and the tiramisu are a must!!!!
Just okay, nothing to write home about . Prices are good but  not the authentic place I expected and was looking for, like my abuela's.
A nice aprouch for a cirque show!! You are so close to the performance it feels almost to real... extremly funny as long as you leave your inhibitions at home!
Mediocre food. Expensive
Fresh ingredients as you would expect with a California style burrito. This was my first time as the Burrito Factory just opened this week. I a had chicken burrito and everything was good.
Ate here on new years eve. Nice looking place but food was very average and I expect more for $30 entrees. Very similar to Houston's or White Chocolate Grill but not nearly as good as those.
Came out with a hurting scalp, that got way too much combing!! Very nice & sweet stylist, but too amateur to be doing ladies hair I think. Typically I walk out feeling good about how I look. Not this time. GRRRR. Not cheap either.
If you have low expectations, you will enjoy this hotel. Friendly, helpful staff. Rooms are outdated and dark. When I made reservations, was told that wifi was free - not the case - 9.95/day. Generally enjoy staying at Hyatt Regency hotels but would not stay again.
La carte est cool mais pas le go\u00fbt . Seul le dessert est bon g\u00e2teau carotte . \u00c9viter les expresso
Love this place and we go all the time. Awesome coffee cake and delicious egg dishes! Always hard to choose which one to get - they're all so good!!
Great place with a great team. Always friendly and polite staff and I like that Auto Bell recycles their water. I have tried one other location in town and the attendants were not as conscientious as they are at this location.    Good management!
As far as mounts go, this one is pretty good. Definitely in my top 4 or 5 mounts of all time.
One of the worst meals and service I've ever had.  Try any other place for food and to get good service.
This place is delicious! We are out-of-towners who dropped in for lunch based on all the positive reviews and are so glad we did. Had the prosciutto pizza, spaghetti, and a mixed greens salad - everything was awesome.
Needs to turn on their fans for lunch dining area because its super hot in Tempe area. Overall, i like the music atmosphere is amazing. Customer service was okay but lunch rush hour was busy. Love the burgers! :)
We requested to be seated in spot to see the live jazz, hostess sat us behind a post, despite there being 3or more better open seats. Ordered lump crab salad, it was gross/sour..wondering if ill get food poisoning. Champagne was great, my guests chicken parm. Was good. Won't go back though..
Absolutely loved this place.  The decor and feel of the restaurant is truly one of a kind.  The food is amazing,  everything we had was delicious and the flavors are on point. I can't wait to go back!
It's a titty bar, across the street from dim-sum and around the corner from the shooting range. What more could you ask for? Actually, it feels more like a regular bar, which is good.
I just didn't like any of the beers.  We got the sampler and they were all really not very flavorful or good.  I wanted to like it, because microbreweries rock, but I didn't.
A great place to go if someone else is paying. Great sea food, excellent decor and if you reserve, a view of lake Monona.
Got food poisoning from their bar classic sliders last night..:( Will no longer be returning.
This is such a great place!  You can find just about anything here and the staff is always willing to help or make suggestions.
Similar to the Middleton one, but this one is a bit better and has better decor.  Good for take out.
Happy to see Les Enfants Terrible on Nuns Island. The salmon tartar was delicious. Service is a little bit slow and the bread never made it to our table. I would definitely sit on the bar next time and experiment with a cocktail .
The atmosphere and ambience is what makes it enjoyable. Traditional Mexican/American food, nothing to brag about except that it beats anything at the mall! The guacamole tostada is one of my favorites. If weather permits definitely worth eating outside.
Had hungry howies twice and this is really really good pizza for the price.  Out of all the places that deliver in Tempe I think this Is the best. Love their crust- we get the butter cheese and its delicious!  The price is really good and they deliver quickly.
Really Enjoyed it!  Great from the start through the end of the meal. The Guacamole was excellent.   Had one of the Wood Fired Oven Entrees the Chamorro and it was fantastic...falling off the bone tender fantastic.
Good Thai food.  I believe this place was made famous by food network which is why it's so busy.  The decor is nice for a hole in the wall.  I order the Pad Thai, Larb, and Pad See Eww.  All good dishes and made really well.  Would definitely come back if i lived in Vegas.
Food and Service very good.  Ran into a few dishes we were not crazy about, but overall recommended.
Wonderful salads and super for calorie counting!! Always a nice place to get a good meal that is consistent.  Can't go wrong with the food or atmosphere.
Most delicious drippy drunk food ever! 5 stars because well everything taste good inebriated! I have been here twice now both times forgot to take pics :(
This is my new favorite place in Scottsdale!  First of all, I love champagne so any bar that is a champagne lounge, gets my vote!  The service was good, the champagne selection was vast and the atmosphere was totally amazing - the decor was eclectic and so unique!
My favorite Madison restaurant... fresh local ingredients. The dal kicks butt! Don't miss the momocha... YUM!
Best buffet and definitely worth it!  We went here for lunch buffet.  The selection was overwhelming.  Great food.  The desserts were to die for.  Service was excellent.  This place is a must go.  Definitely going back next time in Vegas.
FEZ is a chic` restaurant where all the cool kids go. Whether you are there for lunch, dinner or drinks it has an easy atmosphere with mid range pricing. I consider this to be a very eclectic menu so if you are sick of the same-old food, try out FEZ
Warning: The chocolate brownie cookies must be loaded with crack, because they are extremely addictive. Broccoli cheese soup is phenomenal, and the sandwich (Italian) was good as well. 10/10 would eat again, and again, and again.
Horrible visit. Lousy service, mediocre food and a dirty place. It's no wonder there were only a few other people there for dinner.
Started with a physically and verbally pissed guy for having to work OT, so they changed techs after I objected to his attitude, then the owner said he would take care of me. In the end he charged me full price and kept asking for a tip. Spa treatments are to be relaxing. Hindsight I should of just left.
Good chips and salsa, like that they give you 3 different salsas. Both their beans are vegetarian, awesome. I recommend the black bean and cheese burrito enchilada style. Some people like the outdoor seating but the smell of the duck pond is pretty sick.
Decent food....good service ....love the 50's music and decor .....clean .....a good alternative to IHOP on weekends when their lines are out the door....glad I stopped in....I'll be back often....
Be careful which room you stay in. Currently staying here now and the bathroom pipes gurgle whenever the room next to us uses water. We are stuck in this room and they will only adjust the bill $50. Insane!!! So much for my 3 year old sleeping. Cant wait to leave this place!!!!
The Nugget is probably my favorite place to stay, why? because it cost as much as the Concha Inn but has the style and class of any hotel on the strip. In terms of comfort and style, I consider the cost inexpensive.
More like \"not-worthy\" piano moving.\nOwner is grumpy, bad service.\nFailed to deliver piano on scheduled date.
I don't know what the rave is about. We had pork potstickers, Mongolian beef and Kung pao. My wife and I would go out of our way for this place but there also is not much else around.
Not bad. Small place with a good selection and tasty food. Nice people, good price.
What a gem of a soba noodle shop!  I couldn't believe that this place wasn't packed on a Saturday night.   Excellent soba shop.  The tempura was light and crispy and left no greasy aftertaste. Definitely a gem and excellent value.
Food is too expensive. The quality is too cheap and poorly prepared to justify the outrageous prices. The staff will likely ignore you until they feel like doing their jobs. The worst Panda Express I've ever been to.
Plenty of fun knick-knacks here.  Unique items for home decor.  Check out the wine section for good prices on some interesting selections.
Not very good for price paid.  22 dollars for pasta with no sauce and mushrooms.  The beet bruschetta had a rye taste that was over powering.  Pizza also only o.k.
Good service. Average food. Bad air conditioning to the point where it was steaming. Banana Nutella crepe had barely any Nutella, mostly just bananas and cream. The place has potential but they need to pick it up a notch.
I need to tell you about the worst hostess experience I've EVER had anywhere.  Ann was unable and unwilling to even pretend to try and accomodate our simple seating request to have our 2 parties sit near each other, even though I'd made my reservation 2 weeks in advance withthat specific request.  Her attitude was unacceptable.
Stayed for 2 nights, good value, comfortable, continental breakfast good, free wifi.\n\nGreat location for Old Town where there is a great choice of bars and restraints so had a great night out. \n\nNot a bad pool either, so great to relax after climbing Camelback.
I stopped in for breakfast I had the new day combo French toast eggs and bacon my wife had the california omelet. Omg this will be our regular stop it's great!
Mickey Ds in a Gas Station. Need i say more??
good price , good fresh fish, good size slices, great service, wish I lived in Vegas, I'd go once a week.
2 stars for the curtious staff.  Rooms do not have fridges or microwaves....they can be provided at a charge if $10 (each) per day.  Decent fitness facility, with good running trails (frazier park) nearby.
Great environment and outdoor seating these limited spring days. Wonderful service but mediocre food. Enjoy drinks but skip the bland food.
Old crabby waitresses. Food is ok. But don't extract to be greeted or asked how the meal is going.
Got a hot tea for a little under $2. Line moved pretty quick and staff was helping to keep things organized despite a busy location.
Salty snow crab legs, not King crab legs as advertised. Tough and overcooked prime rib. Was told a meat was lamb when it was clearly roast beef. Enough said....oh, and 'holiday'pricing for the same fare as normal days is ridiculous.
Salsa was decent, Food average.  Not bad, but I won't stop there again.  Travelling through Phoenix on our way back to Tucson and tried to find some relatively authentic Mexican food  This worked out fine, but was nothing to get excited about..
The wine here is amazing! If you are not a wine person, your choices are limited but you can still find some good beer. I'm not a big bruschetta fan, but get it with salami and pesto!! Its to die for!!
We come here every weekend just to eat! Everything is clean and good to eat! And the people that work there all so nice!!!
Really good food, great flavors. Prices reflect the quality of food not quality of service. The staff was noticeably clique-y, they were more interested in gossiping than service, but really the brunch we had was amazing, omelettes and hashbrowns rocked!
The worst customer service EVER. I called for something at the front desk 4 times, and it was never brought up! Never again.
Typically I have a good experience here, but tonight the closing shift didn't care about anything other then the cell phones and talking to friends. It took 4x longer than any other visit to any other store. The floor was also extremely sticky. Not in one spot, but the entire floor.
The food is average. .. great place to watch football on Sundays. Lots of room compared to the town square location. The nachos are huge!
Shop closes at 7pm and I walk in 25 minutes before closing and they wouldn't take me although they were clearly open and available. Annoying.
Nice food at a moderate price for those on the go.  Highly recommended.  Pizza; pasta and more.  Fast service if you're not looking for a long meal.  Free wi-fi in the area.
Sad attempt to bring back a once cool place..  Boo- the games are so over priced and it's the same games $108.00 rip off. We need a Dave and Busters...
Not exactly what I would call a great place to eat. If you want to take your teenager out for a shake or ice cream you may enjoy it :)
Stopped by for a beer, during happy hour.  Got the medium size.  $6.75.\n\nThank gawd I was there during happy hour.\n\nOverpriced, won't be back.
Very unfriendly staff. If I am spending my money please take a second to laugh at a joke or smile.
Ice cream was yummy & made to perfection. Unfortunately the service was awful we waited almost 15 mins. For service while one clerk waited on customers. The other two clerks stood around and talked. Until the clerk finally asked for help. The area around the waffles and cakes were not the cleanest.
Good chinese food...pretty authentic.  It's expensive considering you're not paying for presentation or ambiance.  The service is very friendly and the food comes out fast.
Everyone in this store is clueless!
Wound up here for a quick dinner and it hit the spot.
This isn't great bbq.  It feels like the owners were looking for a cool concept, rather than being passionate about bbq.  The brisket and chicken are rather bland without sauce.  No smoke flavor came through.
A party of five of us sat down on the patio and waited for over ten minutes and were never even acknowledged by a waitress.  \n\nHowever, a waitress came outside twice to assist the table next to us, but never even greeted us.  Can't say we'll ever come back.
This location closed.
Huge portions for the price, but slow. Cocktails are alright. Serves a lot of beer, but their Fat Tire was inoperable when I went.
Viet. vegetarian.  Very good.
Lately the waiters behind the counter just enjoys bothering and making mockeries and bad jokes on costumers, the jokes are really  disrespectful.\n I'm not going back there , and a lot of people i know felt the same way... disgusting  thuggish behaviour  .
Mala organisacion en la comida se tardan demasiado en atender a la gente y la comuda se tarda mucho tiempo prefiero la bonita
I think the guy behind the counter was new. He had to ask me what I wanted three times and my name twice and still got it wrong. I will not be returning to this location.
Good breakfast spot.  A little more expensive than Kings used to be, but the food is good - service is good.  Nice diner atmosphere.
The food and drink special were GREAT, but the service was not! I believe the service makes half the experience when going out to eat and the hostess was rude and our server was not too friendly, but it may have been because she was serving like 5 or 6 tables and was way too rushed.
Amazing location for Las Vegas.  The units are nice but a bit dated.  I love that it's walking distance in the center of the strip.   The pool is gorgeous too! And each tower has their own pool.  There's a nice gym and coffee shop there too.  Fun stay!
Sorry, but I rather go to the one across the street.  I was optimistic about trying out this place.  But I walked out with a bad taste in my mouth. \n\nTheir complementary dishes didn't look fresh and the service was so so.
Be on time, rather early than late, the line is friggin slow to go through security.... \nLong long line, only 2 person checking ID and tix, then breaks into 4 lines for scanning carry on's.... Why not have more people work the checkin? ...
This is my go to Chinese food at least every 2 weeks. Food is always fast and consistent. I think the prices are reasonable. Very friendly family owned business.  I always ask for slat & pepper pork (not on the menu but they will make it for you...yummy) and the house wanton soup is excellent.
Not really a secret anymore but the concept was fun while it lasted! White pizza here is bomb if you love garlic! Vegetarian is also pretty darn good. A little expensive for a thin slice but you're on the strip.... Come on -_-
2nd experience here, decor is great, sit in the atrium , service was good, selection is great, food was awesome!  1st time I came here there was a looong wait to get seated, this time however there was very short wait time. The only negative is they charge extra for champagne or mimosa  :-(
Delivery took 2 hr, and I live just few block away from a store. Pizza was cold and pretty much waist of money.
Had the mediterranean pizza today. Soooo good! Thanks Guy Fierri.... Mmmmmmmm
Beautiful ambiance, spacious & great food presentation. The quality of the food is thus far the best buffet I have been to. Great dessert selections. I love the made to order salad. I like how you can chose to include unlimited alcohol.
We come here at least once a week - this shows how much we LOVE Pho Mymy! Read our blog post about it :) http://theforbiddenmeal.com/2014/10/18/pho-mymy-good-fast-inexpensive/\n- The Forbidden Meal
I've been here many times because its close to where I Live.\nThe menu is stale and the same old thing.\nThe food is pretty good (nothing special)\nBut is definitely overpriced.\nGood luck
So I'm a coffee fan through and through, and Starbucks to be sure is near the top my list usually. While this Starbucks is fine, staff service seems to be lacking. \n\nService is make a break, and unfortunately it's not making the grade today.
Love this spot...a perfect blend of neighborhood bar and adult playground.  Lot's of fun!
Andrea is an artist when it comes to shaping your eyebrows to naturally match with the shape and flow of your face. She has a gentle touch but gets all of the hair, which I appreciate! No lingering labia or booty hair with the Brazilian.
A bunch of us go to dinner on Friday nights in the West Valley.  Last night / 4/8/2011 we went to Ajo Al's and had a great time and meal.  Thanks go to Isreal our waiter who was always attentive, there, helpful and a good sense of humor.  We will return.
Place use to be awesome but its going downhill fast. Best part of palms was Little Buddha, Rain, Moon, Playboy club which is all gone now.  Example of how poor mgmt can mess up something really good.
The prices were what you might expect for this area, and the facility seemed clean, but this was the loudest movie theatre I've ever been to. Even with earplugs I could hear every line of the movie clearly.
If I didn't like how close this place was to my house or the giant selection of fabrics I would give it zero stars! The customer service is horrendous!  the people that work there are the rudest people I've ever seen in my entire life at a store. That's all
Comfortable chairs, plenty of room, NO COVER for UFC's. This place is good.
Husband and I decided to try it out, very disappointed. The bread was really dry and very bread-y. Lacked flavor. I'd rather drive to Ted's hotdogs than go back. Very disappointed.
Avg food, too salty.
Great location, friendly staff, good food quality although bread could be better for sandwiches.  Awesome for breakfast!!!
I love the location of this area and unlike most sally's this location's layout seems so much more open. I often feel cramped in most sally's. The service is good as well, better than a few I've been too. Will come back for nail polish and hair products!
Best Chinese food here in Vegas for me. The dim sum carts are just endless. I'm not a big fan of Chinese cuisine but this place is an exception. Love the fact that they're open till 5 am.
Our first time and Spago lives up to it's reputation!!!  Each item was absolutely delicious from the bread to the Caesar salad and then the pizza!
The coffee and staff are amazing. However the doughnuts are WAY too greasy and don't taste as good as they look!
This place is so incredible. The staff is ridiculously nice and the Pho well worth it. I will probably be coming here at least once a week!
Not bad but I'd take a bulletproof vest if you go on a Friday or Saturday night. Super duper ghetto!
Hands down the best bbq I ever ate. The sausage and brisket are out of this world.  Only complaints is the long wait and the potato salad waant great but I had to get it since they were sold out of beans. Will be back
A cool coffee shop with beer, what could be better? Well how about serving beer past 10:00 on a Saturday?  Totally stupid operating hours for the bar. Reminds me of of more like a dorm room than a place to go hang out in.
Went here for lunch with some co-workers.  The food was great and the service matched it.  I will defiantly be back!
I put in an order 3 hrs ahead of time and they were 30 min late....so make sure you're not starving when you put in order.  It is a great concept though, I will give them that!
SOOO glad to have this in downtown PHX. Great vibe and decor complements a needed addition to PHX- an upscale bowling alley where I can do other stuff beyond bowling. \n\nLanes are beautiful here and the televisions throughout the place makes it impossible to miss a play in a game.
We bought a travelzoo voucher for this place. The food was okay, nothing special. I probably wouldn't pay full price. Service was fine. Dessert was probably the best
Everyone's food was delicious.  Sevice was very good.\n\nNot a terrific children's menu, but we fed our youngest from bits of everyone else's plate.  That worked very well.
I really enjoyed the food & vibe at nacho daddy's. Food was good Loren ,Angie & staff are top notch!
Small smokey casino off the strip.\nI'm sure it's mostly locals.\nChop Choy restaurant was good and somewhat cheap.\nProbably would not come back here.
This is MY Avis!  :-)  LOL.  Seriously -- Phylis, the owner of this wonderful establishment, is the BEST!
This place sucked when it was open. It looks like it closed down now. Good riddance\n\nI never had good food or good servoce here. I was here a total of 3 times and each time sucked in a different way. The food was god awful, expensive,  and the service was shaky at best.
Service very slow and inconsistent. Not a big variety of food. Tacos and brisket were just all fat, little meat. \nFlavored good but low quality prep on meat. \nBoo.
Great place for lunch -  Food to good and the combo's come with fries or salad.  Salad dressing and sauces are yummy.
Pretty Mediocre. I wouldn't pick this as my first place in Oakland to grab Chinese food.
food quality a 4, server attitude 2 so averaged at 3. said thank you after drink delivery no response repeated thank you at food delivery still no response, finally spoke when delivering check. Chips and Salsa are a 5!
Delicious and great service. Got a protein burger. Was a little messy but to be expected when there's no bun. Lol milkshake also delicious and recommended.
Good booze, good prices, good clean fun!
Beer festivals are without a doubt my favorite thing about Vegas.  I moved from Washington and most festivals you pay per beer.  Nothing like day drunk, good music and meeting new people.  \n\nMet some local brewers; Big Dogs, Chicago and Tenaya Creek are all really solid producers
Fantastic lunch spot if you are in the area. Have been 2x recently and ordered a thai chix wrap (HUGE) and a cobb chix wrap? HUGE! you get leftovers if your not starving or your just plain crazy..they also throw in a free cookie. Great spot check it out.
pouched eggs are totally raw eggs. Long long waiting time for breakfast after beverages. Served obviously rotten strawberry.
3 strikes and you are out.  I've now given this place 3 tries.  Not going back again.  The service was not good and the food was only mediocre at best.
Great food. We had the egg fried rice,egg rolls and beef low fun noodles and chow mein and the cashew chicken. Portions are plentiful and great flavors. Food is ready upon arrival and hot. Way better than the big chain Chinese food places near our home.
The girls were all sitting at tables talking to their regulars.  Trying to get service was tough.  The food, however, was awesome.  The spinach salad is the best I've had anywhere.
From the un controllable LOUD kids, their running around, crawling under tables, to the WAY too close booths. I am honestly bummed about this place. If parents don't control their kids, staff should ask them to quite down. I wont be back, to that location at least.
The food is fantastic. The drinks are refreshing and original. Spoke with the chef. Very nice guy as were all of the employees. If you're at Market Place you really need to stop by here and try a few things. You'll be hooked!
Two stars for the serving staff being so great. I have been there a half dozen times and each time we go the experience is worse than the last. The food is progressively getting worse and the portions smaller. My husband and I will not be returning.
Fantastic place and very helpful and knowledgeable staff. Great selection of buttons too.
Would've been 5 stars but they started on my vehicle 30 minutes after my appointment time. Very friendly, very professional and I was happy with the customer service. If they could narrow down the gap between the appt time and when they start on a vehicle they'll be doing great!
They do not respect our flag!!! A business should have more respect for our country and address issues like this.
Nothing to write home about but will do for an average meal.  Salsa was good.  Meal was average and service uninspired. At least we beat the dinner rush so there wasn't a wait.
Wow. The lines scared me but the wait was worth it. Fantastic food. Every item outstanding. Service outstanding. Very few places serve ribs line this. The St. Louis ribs peeled of the bone.  The smoke was perfect.
This business is now closed.
Decent family-friendly fun activity. My wife loved it! Not a bad way to kill an hour or two.
I will NEVER go back to Soyo.  The food actually was not that bad.  However the service was deplorable.  They just don't seem to care.\n\nWe even had Korean speaking people at our table and their lunch was ruined because of the service.
We went to Phoenix for spring break from Michigan, this is where we had the best food by far! The entire experience was amazing it was so good we went a second time before we left! We recommend everything!
Service is ok but foods not good for me
Cheap, simple, and very good.  Customer service is top-notch every time I visit.
I thought the food here was very good, and reasonably priced. I thought the portions were a bit skimpy...and I'm NOT a big eater. I know some people dislike the bread, but I thought it was good. The special shrimp with coconut sauce and spicy chickpea dish were delicious!
I ordered delivery from here because of the good reviews. It wasn't gross, but it wasn't good either. I don't understand how all the flavor can be sucked out of thai food. I have definitely had better.
The pho was good! And the 2 free egg rolls check in offer gives this place its 5th star. \n\nGood customer service!\n\nMy new go-to pho place when I go to Vegas.
I went to college in walking distance from Little Italy in Cleveland, OH and was sad to find that AZ had so few Italian restaurants! I was thrilled to find Riazzi's. All I ever get here is pasta, meatballs, and red sauce and they are delicious - just what I got used to in Little Italy.
Terrible service and terribly over priced!  Wayne Gorsek
I'm going to keep this short and sweet.  This was the worst vegetable pad thai I've ever had.  It had no flavor and was DRIPPING with grease *dropping the mic*
Uh-mazing!!!!!! Simply the greatest Greek food in town!
Watch for what they charge you for.  Ordered the kids meal and still got charged for full combo. Chicken taquitos.  Sick all night. At least I got thru the concert before it hit me. Maybe it was the green hot sauce???
Great service, great atmosphere, sashimi is ok, not the freshest game in town, very reasonable though...
Harley Davidson Cafe is in the heart of the strip and it's empty on a Friday night during some Harley enthusiast convention weekend, this place has major problems.  If this place isn't used to launder money I don't understand how they can keep their doors open.
The sushi at RA is beyond amazing!  I eat sushi about 3 times a week and if I could eat at RA evertime, I WOULD!  Happy Hour rocks and there's some really awesome stuff on the HH menu!  Absolutely love it!
Quesadilla was cold! Not very pleased... But the drinks look good, if u wanna pay 12-15$ for a bloody Mary :(
Always satisfied coming here, whenever the girlfriend and I have a craving for a juicy burger, this is our go to place.  The fries are excellent, and the burgers....ohh the burgers are amazing, we have not had a bad experience.  Definitly Recommend,
I love their pizza.\n\nThe crust is delish and the sauce rules.
Not bad, beef and brocorri is very good.that's all I got there. Place was empty for the most part. Nothing to boast nothing to complain. It's your average asian food joint. And the best part is, they are with in walking distance.
4 or 5 years ago, the wait wasn't so bad at Fat Heads.  I originally loved them because of the wings... try the Garlic Parmesan.  I'm glad to see an \"older\" Pittsburgh restaurant become so popular.  I like the chips and the Rachel sandwich is great.
This place is the bomb.com lol.\nGood to add extras like bacon. Fries are decent. Only thing is it's small! \nShakes are thick! Taste amazing!will come back!
I've been using PreFlight for all my business trips...I've used others but PreFlight has been the most consistent and reliable. I would highly recommend these guys for off site airport parking.
Anyone from Chicago can appreciate Chicagoland Hotdogs & more. The classic hot dogs/jumbo dogs, Italian beef, and cheese fries will make you feel like you're right back at home in the Midwest. I also love that soda is still considered 'pop' and the walls are covered in Chicago sports memorabilia.
Great service and food. The surprise roll was to die for and the hot red dragon was pretty good as well. The tuna sashimi was tasty with the sauce they poured on top of it. Ask for extra spicy mayo sauce.
Wonderful food.
Very good pizza and wings. It was packed so my fianc\u00e9 and I had to sit in the very back tiny corner. (Hostess asked if we minded, to be fair.) I've had better antipasta.. But the pizza and wings make up for that. Yum.
Just ok for me. Great service though.
Absolutely love this place. By far the best AYCE Korean BBQ joint in all of Las Vegas and probably in the front running for best in the western US. Everything is clean, fresh, and well-marinated. Service is quick, friendly, and detail oriented.
Amazing food , filet Mignon is one of the best I have ever had .... Service was great always very friendly ... Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves Brazilian Cuisine
Wow really packed and really big... a big circle. If your diligent and patient, you might find a few good deals. Has your average stores with a few specialty's. The food court is about the same as well.
Yeah, it sux. If you want to stuff your face with HUGE amounts of food without much care this is for you. But you care even a lil' you might want to scoot clear of it.
Good atmosphere, once you get inside. Knowledgeable/helpful staff. Lamb was tough, but vegetarian picks were good.
Arrived at 4:20 on Friday only to find out they closed early with no notice. Even called earlier in the week and said I was going to stop in at 4:30 on Friday. Unacceptable and unprofessional. Won't be giving them my business.
I was excited about trying this restaurant as it looked busy most of the time. Unfortunately, my wife and I both found the food a bit overcooked and very bland. Not memorable at all.
Some of the best food I've ever eaten in my life. Make sure you make reservations or prepare wait for a seat in the bar area.
The food is Very Authentic and Very Affordable.\nThis is not a rocking place with a younger crowd drinking Jaeger and Spaten.  However, if you are looking for GREAT, AUTHENTIC German food at GREAT prices, this is your place!
You can't go wronng with this place. Friendly staff, fresh products and tasty burgers!
D Bag hot spot. Great if you love sports on TV and a bunch of yelling men, getting drunk.\nI don't, but you might!\n\nLove the fact that you can totally customize any dish with flavor.
Had the Kobe teriyaki... forgot the fancy name\n\nIt was YUM but too sweet for me $17 and  came with fries.\n\nLobster mac and cheese was YUM but toooo expensive for 6 bties! It was a super small dish... not worth it.
I was a loyal customer for many years, until one day the beef started to taste funny. Then I got food poisoning. Never Again.
The pizza here is OK, the staff here is friendly, and they have good daily deals.
Great decor, professional dealers, and lots of celebrity poker players here.  Definitely worth checking out!
I have eaten here for the past few years, and I don't know why they changed the ingredients in their chicken curry, but it no longer includes potatoes like it used to.  It's still good but it was much better before.
Wow I think that having a broken collarbone is better than dealing with the office staff here.  Medical staff review to follow.  Expert advice,  avoid this place at all costs.
Go early and bring ear plugs. A bt noisy. Very friendly staff but there was only 2 of us and they didn't seat us right away because the tables open were for 6 or more.
Yuck. All around. Dirty, nasty, and tacky! We had wings there which literally glowed under the \"awesome\" black lights. We call them Snot Wings. There are plenty o'dive bars out there which are good and good for ya. This is not one of them.
Great food, beautifully decorated. Drinks are made with premium tequila you won't find better in Vegas, my favorite was \"The Office\". Great outdoor patio with a Bar as well. This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant!
Wow, this wasn't just a really exquisite meal, it was a dining experience. We got the pris fix, and loved every portion of it. Great presentation, perfectly cooked, and perfectly paired together. Plus we got to see the Bellagio fountains go off many times during the meal, it was very neat! We had a great time
Yes I am still a fan.\nSitting in my room right now and learned that if you care to have quiet DO NOT LET THEM GIVE YOU A ROOM WITH A CONNECTING DOOR,,,, EEEE GADS.
Dinner was tasty and hot. Had calamari and shrimp. Pasta and dessert were great. Service was professional and well timed. Gave nice suggestion that were spot on. Have been here several times. They really take care of locals. Will be back for sure.
Bison burger is the best! Tonight on a whole wheat bun, romaine, red onion, goat cheese, chopped garlic, grilled pineapple, dijon and relish. Nom Nom Nom!
The parking is a bit of a challenge, but the venue is good.  I'd buy the tickets at the box office and save the money on the service charges.  It's a great small venue though.
Love the romantic ambiance here. We dropped in after a show for some drinks and snacks and even though all the tables were taken, we had a great time at the bar. Great late night snack menu.
Closed, as of this spring.  The replacement restaurant is not worth a visit (unless you are sleeping upstairs, you've driven all day, and cannot face another minute behind the wheel).
Steer clear... signed contract 2+ years ago and still getting charged once expired 9 months ago! No refund, and no apology of any kind! Apparently you sign up for life! Go month to month or don't go! There are better clubs in town! No stars if that was an option!
We live down the street from here and always go to their Happy Hour. Very good prices and great food! I tried the Baja Tacos and my boyfriend always gets the Seared Ahi. Services is always good and staff is very friendly.
low prices for an eclectic selection.
I had there taco Tuesday special during the shot show and the tacos were absolutely horrible. I would not recommend eating them and service took forever. don't ever order the tacos, maybe something else on the menu is better.
dont waste your money here. the food is disgusting & the place is not clean. health code violations galore. i got extremely sick here.\nthe manager whatever his name is a jerk
Absolutely amazing in every way, but why the heck is this place in a strip mall? My husband's exact quote after finishing his meal: \"I think this may be the best food I've ever had.\"
After reading the reviews here, I drove across town to get my car washed and I have to say, I was impressed.\n\n$17.99 for \"the works\" and they did an excellent job.  The cashier told me it would take half an hour and it ended up taking only 20 minutes.  My car was perfect.
Excellent...simply great pizza
Every thing was good the only problem I had was the flank was not up to par, sad thing they will be closing end of the month
Great service at a great price. Would recommend these guys to anyone!
This review is for the Prada store in the Belagio. The sales people there are rude. I will continue to never shop there.
This place is awesome!! Great drinks and the food is to die for!! The service is excellent also!! Make sure to sit on the patio!!
Breakfast was great, service was fast and friendly, only problem I had is there really wasn't a health option but I can't wait to go back on my next cheat day!
Guys, I highly recommend this place!  The atmosphere is so relaxing.  The servers are attentive AND the food is delish!  The duck, chicken basil and garlic rice are at the top of my list.  Come here for Happy Hour (Monday 5-6), you won't be disappointed!!
I love this place. This used to always be my favourite pub in Edinburgh because it has a relaxed vibe and has beds in the back room!!! yes that's right!!! beds you can chill on while your having your drink. amazing.
This Starbucks is worthy of mention only because it moved into the lobby of the former Plaza Theater.  The Plaza is where my friends and I (legally) first saw R-rated movies on our own.  I remember seeing \"Pulp Fiction\" here.\n\nOtherwise, it's just a Starbucks.
Always like butter, love the BBQ sauce!
Food was great, however the practice of adding dollars to the credit card bill is not something I appreciate. \n\nMy total was 19.40, I noted down 23 on the receipt and somehow I got charged 24.40. Italian mob procedure, eh?
Went there after seeing the program on travel channel and friends recommendation.  DISAPPointed.  At $30 a person, the selection was poor.  Nothing stands out as a great buffet. Line was 30 minute long.  Not sure what the buzz was about.  Would not go there for dinner again.
I don't like mashed potatoes.  However, 3 words for you.  Truffle Mashed Potatoes.  \n\nThe restaurant is everything everyone says it is.  Romantic and fantastic. Go.  Try it. You will not be let down.
Great deal for breakfast/lunch. The food was amazing and there were lots of lighter delicious options so you weren't eating straight heavy fat. GO HERE!
This place is a bit pricey for the types of food served but everything is awesome and the environment is great.
I started taking my dog here shortly after it opened.  I have since moved to Chicago where I am struggling to find a day care that is as clean and friendly and reinforces good behavior like Central Bark in Madison.
Best chicken I've ever had. EVER. It's also an incredible value. It's fairly priced and more than anyone can eat. I wish I lived in Montreal just so I could eat here daily.
Pho is pho.... Decent for Arizonan pho ! Can't compare to California's pho places though :(
my favorite of the vegas bunch.  ritzy, but not obnoxious.  lots of beautiful people and high end shops...and the fountains at night are the best in LV.
Great service and friendly staff.  My grandma is still smiling after her perfect perm!
Decor is a big thing for me!  Enter the circular hallway to find a sensual collection of tubs filled with orchids and candles floating on water---very upscale.  The main room is filled with buddhas and other zen-like motif.  Very relaxing.  The bartender / security weren't very friendly though.
I LOVE the taro smoothie with boba and I will continue driving out of my way to come here every few weeks.\n\nSome other places have grainy and powdery drinks, but this place has been consistently fabulous. The almond milk tea and the avocado smoothie are also yummy!
This place is horrible!!! Can't believe how they are still open!! We went for RW, and what a waste of money and time!!! The only up side was the service, our waiter was very attentive ... But the food was terrible!!
Happy hour prices were good.  We ordered an assortment of appetizers and couldn't finish everything.  \nThe mushroom miso soup was delicious.  We had edamame, sushi, sesame chicken, dynamite, tempura.  It was all good--not incredibly special, but definitely a good value.
The food is pretty good but staff is totally clueless I asked if they were St. Louis or baby backs and the chef didn't even know what kind of ribs they sell he could only tell me they were pork ribs.\nTrain your staff dickies......
Great service, very friendly. Amazing beer list and great food.  Very relaxing atmosphere. Great place to get lunch and talk.
Amazing!  Soul food right in Scottsdale!  Love it!
Top notch doctor in a top notch practice. Can't say I am surprised when I was referred to him by another doctor who I think is wonderful and because he went to one of the best medical schools in the country. \nIt is really easy to get an appointment. There is minimal wait to be seen and his bedside manner is great.
At first I  was a bit duds appointed that they were our of many items \nyour waitress was incredible and the marighirrsa even better
Customer non-oriented. Business ethics in ready to serve meals are horrific. Extremely over-priced for low quality produce/meats. \nSAVE YOURSELF THE TRIP.
food was delicious. dessert was delicious. price was delicious. customer service was good. for a buffet, they are pretty good. I'd give them 3 stars if it were a regular restaurant.
Best hotel in Vegas?  Yes.  Have I been to all the hotels in Vegas?  No.\n\nI've been to some and this is AS GOOD AS IT GETS.\n\nI want to live here.
Prices great, didnt realize it was attached ti a Super 8
I love the Arizona Humane Society !\n\nThey are the only organization I will adopt my pets from.  The employees are nice and truly care about the animals.  The adoption fees are reasonable and the kennels are always clean.
Portion sizes and price simply don't  compliment each other.  The quality isn't the greatest, and if you ask me, it should be for the price you pay!  I learned how easy it is to make Fondu and we never went back!  Overall, nothing impressive, overpriced!
Eaten here multiple times.  It never dissapoints.  I would go into detail, but they clearly know what they are doing right, and they are doing it consistently.  Go there and find out for yourself.  Make reservations.
Good food but service was subpar
This place has a very generous serving. The broth was delicious (I got the pho ga). Service was quick, and the environment was very relaxing.
The portions at this location are very less compared to anyother locations that i have been to. The taste is same as other chipothles that i visited but they hardly fill half of the bowl. Sadly the only location near our office and it is my favourite food.Hope the management realizes this and increase the portions.
In regards to Cassie or \"Ricks\" comment. I tried multiple times to get in touch with someone in upper management about my experience. It's funny how a review on social media suddenly makes this important...Too little to late.
This place needs a major renovation, and the wait staff aren't geared toward customer service. If they don't do your order right, they refuse to make it right. Skip this place. Next time, stop at the DQ near I-10 and Florence.
My kids love this place. Dr. Waggoner is wonderful. The best part is that they are almost always on time.
I use to come here once in awhile before my work moved to a different office.\n\nMain reason being, their chips and salsa! The baja salsa is great! \n\nFood wise, the tacos are okay. \n\nService is always great.
It was ok, large slice but needed more sauce, not much flavor. Large selection of pies to choose from.
Ordered a pizza for the first time. The tomato taste was so overbearing that you could not taste anything else. Better off going to Little Ceasars.
I love this place. I just tried the other Ethiopian restaurant in the Valley, and was disappointed, and my gratitude for Cafe Lalibela multiplied. The food here is fresh and authentic, and the staff are really nice. I'm so lucky to live down the street! Tons of vegan options, too.
Like many others I assume, I'm just trying the new \"add a review\" feature from the app. That being said, it's Starbucks. Always consistent and at a premium price.
Wow. Dirty and slow.  The floors felt like they had the days burger grease spilled all over, and it took 30 m8n to get our take out order.
Not a good experience. Party of 5. Got all of the orders wrong in some way. Food was cold. Server was new. Didn't refill drinks. Didn't ask if we wanted dessert. If they don't ask I don't suggest. It's their tip.
You will not get your money's worth. Stale bagels, ran out of cream cheese. On a positive note, they have fresh fruit.
I love tazza.. Their coffees are excellent and its a great place to enjoy a relaxing evening..I also like their Baklawa, sandwiches and Brownies..
Incredible donuts! Not too sweet like Krispy Kreme, better tasting varieties than Dunkin and great service! The people are super nice and friendly. I go out of my way for this place, it's worth it!
Awesome accurate and fast. 9pm Wed. Not enough positive things said on yelp! I say it good or bad!
Horrible staff at the front desk. I witnessed the Indian lady almost hollering at a lady cause she didn't know what she was suppost to say when she picked her stuff up. The young lady that helped me was completely rude when I had a question to ask. I doubt ill ever come back to this place!
Too bad I can't bring my dog along- very cool trail. Good workout, lots of people, lots of parking, very central location- super easy to get to. \nBring lots of water, and bring your camera or some great shots.
I met my husband and some friends for dinner here & we had a good experience. The food came out quickly, & while I always order the same thing at sushi places, I was very pleased with my meal. We were the only ones in there on a Tuesday night, but we weren't complaining! I'd go there again.
Sushi rolls were small, but they were 50% off, so that was nice.  Restaurant in a bar, a sports bar.  Hard to enjoy a meal with a big TVs in the dining room, so if that's your thing, you'll love it here.  If not, like me, go elsewhere.
I'm impressed with the staff here. They seem to be very hard working. The food just wasn't good. It was edible, but not good.
Always a good choice.  Best pita bread ever!  The crazy calamari lettuce free salad is my favorite.  We had some hummus to start.  It has a bit of a kick.  Casual and comfortable.   Very friendly staff.
The rabbit!
Best Horchata EVER!  The Tacos and salsa were also some of the best I have ever had.  Try the mole taco.
Now called Bobby's Bagels and all is delish!\n\nHow does one create a new site for Bobby's Bagels?\n\n:-)
Veggies not cooked and my bowl was watery. This was my first time at this restaurant and i think my last. Food was not great and the store was kinda dirty and needed a good sweeping. The only ok thing was my sushi and even that was border line ok. Good alternative to panda express in my eyes.
They have the pest services with a good Price , I will never go to any anther place :)
Best pizza in town with great service and a nice ambiance.\nI highly recommend the deserts as well.
Below average sushi and service. Above average price.
Service has been very poor each of the three times I've been there.  The food isn't worth the price.
Knowledgeable but not very friendly and the selection is very limited.
Mmm tomatoe soup. MMM good  food. I think this is the spot I hit up with the girls each time I come.. \nNow when is someone gonna open one in SF?
I drove here and I refuse to dine at places that are cash only. Accepting credit card is a convenience for the customer. This place doesn't respect customers.
The entire stellar staff and office was really impressive! Very friendly and professional. The dentist was very personable and made me feel at ease. I'm so happy to have found this dentist! I will recommend them to everyone I know :)
Terrible customer services. I'll just use ups! Not helpful at all, didn't work with me at all and didn't care that I was going to ups.
Super slow service, do not come here for food! The people are sluggish, moving super slow at everything. Not to mention the dishes here are expensive, it totally not worth it due to poor service. Come here and you will starve and lose your precious time!
Stopped by after being persuaded by a promoter on the street. Didn't stay for long. Older crowd. Sausage-fest.
All we did here was drink!  But they were good.
Delicious food and excellent service. Wish it was a bigger location, not much room for waiting.
The choices of good quality and reasonably priced food vendors here are atrocious!  Totally bummed
The regular food at this restaurant is fantastic but their sushi is inedible. I've tried different rolls at different times. It's just not good. Calamari is excellent though and the service is always good.
Pricing is kinda wack/misleading
Had the rib eye tacos. Beef was tender and tasted great. Had the tres leches cake which delicious! Service was also very good.
Sprinkles Cupcakes in Scottsdale offers an assortment of cute cupcakes. A box of their cupcakes make a nice gift.
The food is poorly prepared.  The menu is unappealing.  The service was extremely unfortunate.  The beer menu is disappointing.   My guest and I left, vowing to not return.  Altogether an entirely regrettable experience.  I strongly recommend avoiding this restaurant.
FANTASTIC! !! Wonderful family and they have great food TOO!!! Everything is amazing, you really can't go wrong, they even make tamales.
Terrific. Clean and many great color choices. \nClose to campus and all nail techs have tons of experience. Walk in or appointments. The prices are very reasonable.
Weird chile rellenos!!!  Plain egg white meringue piled on top of plain green chiles on top of some cheese.  No flavor.  A huge disappointment and not at all worth all the buzz about a former President eating there.  The chips and salsa were tolerable, hence the two stars.
What a great place. Went to a wine tasting there. Great wine and food. Atmosphere fun. check it out.
I am all about strip clubs, but this place was not worth the $20 entrance, the $10 watered down drink, and getting finger printed to use my credit card. Not one pickle worth it here.
I thought Vegas buffets were supposed to be better... yes the display looked nicer, but the food was still... ehhh it's still a damn buffet.
Food was soo yummy!!! Will be back to try those yummy looking cronuts.\n\nThe dirty chips were amaze balls. I'm going to be coming in to try the French toast very soon.
AWESOME!  Quickly made.. \nSuper burrito or tacos, is my menu choices.
The service was just terrible. Half the time we didn't even know who our server was. My friend ordered vegetables saut\u00e9ed with NO butter and olive oil instead but got a bowl full of vegetables in a pool of butter. \n\nThe view of the strip is amazing from here though.
Promoters just tell you what you want to hear so they can make their money.  We were told we were going to get out at the front of the line and get in free with drink comps.  We ended up waiting in 2 different lines and left before they sent us to the 3rd line.  They basically just fill you up with false hope.
I decided to try this place when the nail salon that I usually go to was full and I'm so glad I did .Susie the owner greeted me right away she's very professional and hilarious  the salon is very cleanand not super Busy I definitely will come back here next time that I need a pedicure  thank you Susie :)
I went here in June. The club layout is lousy, the drinks mediocre and the go-go dancers look like something out of a nightmare. They all wear cat masks and hold knives and pretend to cut the walls/each other. It is just super creepy.
Well the food is not bad. ordered the pch burger good tast bun was fresh. The food took a few minutes but that is expected when everything is made fresh to order
Pork buns were tasty a little on the fatty side but good.\nRamen was good seems like the broth on spring mountain is better but overall nit bad. The service was good. Place looked clean.
My husband  and i were very pleased  with the house cleaning  service we received from  Pristine!  The cleaners were very prompt and professional.  Our house  sparkled after they left! We have already scheduled another appointment.
I returned for the Sunday buffet. Much better food. I particularly enjoyed the smoked salmon. Chocolate waffles were just meh, and I'm a huge chocoholic. I might try them for dinner with the hubby sometime
Went with a group for lunch. One of the best hamburgers I have ever had. I have been looking for a laid back place to grab some beer and food and I found heaven.
Cinnabon at this location is supposed to open at 7:00 am. At 7:05 we noticed a worker looking at us then duck back to hide thinking we didn't see him. Lost out on a Friday order of a dozen cinnamon rolls for a staff meeting and any other meetings!
The food is really tasty and you get a lot for the money.  The only downside is that the waitstaff gets extremely overwhelmed when busy ( and it is not that busy) I would come back though..
Not the best.  Queso was horrible by my husbands standards.  He said Chili's was much better.  Skip this place and go somewhere else
5 days it takes this lethargic water company to turn our water on in our new home in Surprise!  If you do have to deal with their customer service reps, you will see the perfect example of a company with no standards.
Relatively new link the Marriott chain.\n\nPros: convenient to my customer location, upgraded amenities, including a nice LG Plasma screen & work area.\n\nCons: close to the noisy 101 freeway, a rogue smoker.
The Ramen with veggies was great! The Tom yum roll delicious! I even tried beef tongue for the first time ever and it was not bad at all! And the honey toast is AMAZING!!! I definitely will be here again.
Solid pizza. The pesto keeps me coming back.
Just not that impressed tonight.  Other than the great service and fun atmosphere, we left a bit disappointed.  The Crispy Pla was a bit dry and lacked flavor, the Chicken Salad Rolls had a great Peanut Sauce, but the Chicken was too dry.  The Drunken Dragon Noodles was lacking flavor as well.
Very good selection and quality. Breakfast items were fresh and flavorful and he Mexican side had delicious fajitas and chile Colorado.
Extremely bad service!!\nWe were specifically told it was because we ordered Montreal a table special menu we could actually eat there.\n\nFood and music were A1 though...
All food was blah - we had salmon and crabcakes - I would not recommend.
Very good burger, fries were good and the deep fried mushrooms were awesome. And let's not forget great prices, service on the other hand wasn't very pleasant.
Heard about this place from friends. Was excited to try it. Not really impressed. Food was just flavorful enough to not be bad. Meh....egg rolls were mushy inside. Sugarcane chicken was ok.
Best veggie sandwich I had in recent past. Employee at order counter can be little more friendly or happy looking.
Great pizza and salads! Check it out for a new, clean place on Fremont.
I loved the atmosphere! We went on a weekday so we didn't have a wait problem. I thought the food was okay but nothing to write home about. Our hostess was not the friendliest but I liked our waiter.
Overpriced for product received...great people...terrible work
Great food, great drinks...If you like Houston's, you'll like WCG.  I've had great meals in the dinning room, and great times in the bar as well!
Nice place because of water park but room service an the mini bar they provide is SUPER expensive. For example $9 for half a grapefruit  and they charge a additional $40 they don't tell you about for WiFi and in room coffee
Great Service, fast and friendly. Very helpful with the artwork needed.\nThank you
Really enjoy this bar, they make great beer and the food is good also. Make a reservation as it's always busy! \nThe staff is always very friendly and makes a good dinner date.
I go here all the time!! Super nice owners! Most importantly the food is AMAZING!!! My favorite is the pot stickers, and the No. 2 spicy noodles with yummy meat! The place is cute and clean. Great service as well!
Just moved from NYC and was looking for a great place to watch a little college football and european soccer.  This place killed it!  Servers were attentive and quick.  The breakfast at 9am was just as good as the lunch at 12.  Thank you for making me feel at home.
$4 watermelon and pineapple infused tequila shots!\nI'm biased, I have fond memories of this place spanning over a decade.  It's a must stop spot every time I'm in town.
Awesome show.  It was exciting, funny, and really sexy!
Its back open and better than ever.  New owners.
Good food and very friendly service! \nGreat location at Scottsdale 101!
My food was pretty good, got a 4 berry fizz and really enjoyed it! My Boyfriend didn't enjoy his meal as much. He wasn't impressed with the sausage or Ham in his lumberjack meal. \n\nService was great, friendly and talkative.
Thanks for the fraudulent transaction on my credit card, I had to cancel it. The car washes are mediocre, but not bad value when you have coupons. The fraudulent charge may have somehow been a mistake, to give these guys the benefit of doubt. But I am pissed as a customer. My Credit card is compromised!
Yummy Skinny Girl Margaritas with fresh tortilla chips and made while you watch guacamole?  Oh yeah, you got me!
I was here last Friday and really enjoyed it. N\nTwo bands played tribute to Alice in Chains and Pantera and were both great musicians. They lit up the place. You can find a lot of regulars which are so friendly and make you feel like one of them. I highly recommend it
Best toasted sammich I've ever had. I've tried a few different ones here but these days I just stick with what I know....the white widow! This place has a great vibe too!
Check your bill.  They automatically add a 20% gratuity.
Mother of all creperies. Service is good too. Very fresh ingredients. Lots of choices. This place is crepe heaven
This buckle is disconnected from the rest of the buckle stores and does not uphold the same level of personal service that you'll find at other stores in Vegas.
Good place to come and get your tire pressure checked!\n\nKeep up the good work guys!  Thank you for keeping us safe on the road!
would never go back i went to have photo facials done by sierra she burned my face and im still doing everything i can to fix her damage i have to wear so much makeup and cover up now and its still there doing tons of treatments and it dsnt fade thanks
This place is full of delicious combinations of joy and hot dogs. Fried pickles were other worldly. Great service!
Ugly layout, 3 dance floors.  Not worth my time or money really.  Better clubs in Vegas definately.
The soft shell crab  was so delicious .The french fries  were a bit over cooked . The service was good. I will definitely be back .
I've been coming here for years just because I live across the street. The service here is horrible and the employees are definitely high! I wish there was a location closer cause I do like the food. My rating is based only on service.
Stick with things off of the grill.  Also the Pittsburgh style chili is top notch.  I nice place for lunch.
Purchased a groupon coupon  and was treated as a bother rather than being helpful! \nI would not recommend this place!!!!!
What a selection with great prices to boot. I always shopped here when my kids were younger, now I tell all my friends to stop in. The owner goes out of her way to located what you are looking for.
The creamy shrimp soup is an absolute must have.  Everything else I've had is good but a little expensive for your average Chinese restaurant.  Staff is always friendly.
Everything's really dry except for\n\nthe carrots that came with my buffalo wings\nthe celery \nand my water
We ate here on lunch last week. VERY good food and excellent service! We ordered the orange chicken and teriyaki chicken lunch specials. You get a ton of food for the price ($8 for lunch special). The orange chicken came out super crispy and the teriyaki chicken was very tender. Will be back again!
Such friendly & talkative staff, always willing to help...even suggest color for your nails.  Give good advice & don't lead u astray.  My feet are gorgeous & my brows are re-shaped.
Their green tea smoothie is good and they are my go to coffee place if I want something really strong to wake me up.
Delicious food, a bar and such a friendly staff! Can't wait to make this a regular Taco Tuesday spot!
Reasonably priced burrito compared to Filibertos. \n\nGet the California burrito. Super tasty. Open all day.\n\nThe Cali Bureet is a carne asada based burrito with french fries in it. Super tasty and an excellent value.
these people couldn't build a sandwich if their lives depended on it.\ntheir idea of building a sandwich consist of quantity over quality . simply put, and don't get me going on their Italian sandwich!
Went there a couple of weeks ago and was a little disappointed with the service. We went through 4 different servers within a matter of 10 minutes and had to ask 3 times for the little bowls for our soy sauce. We plan to go back, but hope the service is better than it previously was.
Upstream has slipped... both in quality of food and service. Seems to need a 'refresh?' Once the best seafood in Charlotte, now just down right inconsistent and often mediocre. I hope you make it but I think you will need some tweaks to keep things going. Resting on your laurels?
Great deal, cute cozy place, and softest king sized bed I've ever slept on! It felt like I was on fluffy clouds. The staff was kind enough to bring us a microwave by request - we had leftover food we wanted to reheat and eat ;p.
A good selection of beads and much more...love the relaxed welcoming atmosphere from the time you entered. They made eye contact, smiled and made me feel welcome. Definitely will go again.
Great alternative to the traditional burger joint. I've been a Chef in the valley for a long time, and this place is one of my favorites. Great dinning experience, lots of nice menu items you wont find anywhere else. I suggest trying the bison sliders. Or if your adventurous the ostrich.
Bar tender takes $20 and gives back $5 when I ordered a drink worth $4.50.\n\nIt was my bad that I didn't count when I took it. Just be careful when you go here.
Good big burgers with heaps of toppings to choose from. Huge servings of fries! Only get one fries between two, I promise you won't need more than that.\n\nWorth the money, I eat 5 Guys when I can.
Visited again and it didn't miss a beat from the last visit. Tried a few new items and they didn't disappoint either. Coconut creme pie is a must try! Can't go wrong with a drunk meal at dupars at 5 in the morning. Great service too!!!
This store just isn't what it used to be.  :(
Food was good but not amazing -- lots of eccentric tastes to be honest but a cool environment. Very small portions for the amount you pay but I enjoyed my visit here overall.
Had lunch on 6/20/2014. Both my wife and I were most impressed with quality and price. House chicken was good. Soups were excellent. We must go back for dinner.  RVT
I was really hoping that this restaurant was going to be great.  The service was great.  Our waiter was very attentive and knowledgable.  The margarita tasted watered down and very sweet.  The enchiladas really didn't sit well.  Very mushy and kinda bland.  The salsa was good
This place is great for sporting events. The bar area is a little small because of the seating.\nThe food is real good and happy hour food prices are great. I would have to say the onion rings are the best in the valley.
Goofball gun store! Employees have very little knowledge. Find a qualified knowledgable gun advisor some place else....this place is a joke!
This is the place to go for fish tacos in Chandler!! They are delicious! I bring my family members here when they come to visit and we always order the fish tacos, chips and salsa, and a corona. After our meal we head over to Paletas Betty's for dessert.  Perfect combo!!
The only reason I would rate this a one is because there's not a zero our waiter was horrible service was lousy we were given the wrong bill the deal was tougher than shoe leather not that I've ever eaten shoe leather but I think I just tried it I would not recommend this to anyone visiting or living in Las Vegas
I go here at least twice a week and the staff is very friendly.
My favorite place for shrimp tacos and elote. I got my tacos to go today. When I called in my order it was taken in a friendly, efficient and professional manner. My food was ready for me when I arrived 10 minutes later and I was in and out in less than 5 minutes. The tacos were superb, as usual!
Had the lobster bisque and NY Strip.  Bisque was decent but nothing special and the steak was just above average.  Under cooked slightly as well which is surprising from a steakhouse.
Absolute fine dining at its best. They have pricey food but treat yourself to it, it's well worth it. They also have a variety  shows displayed on the beautiful waterfall.
We had the triple T fries, bacon mac n cheese burger, tatooed turkey burger. Food was amazing! Nick our server was wonderful. Definitely come back and recommend to others.
How do you have a breakfast place not open for breakfast until 9am?
Just a cute place with pretty good food! I loved sitting outside and watchng the great cars and bikes in Cave Creek. Harolds is a greasy spoon kind of a place, but that's part of the fun of it!
Very poor food, generally overcooked and dried out. Ads mention alot about seafood and the only seafood there on my trip was a completely dried out piece of fish and some very tiny clams.
Carne asada burrito is as good as any, drinks are fairly spendy but good service to offset that. We've been back a couple of times and sat outside. Very safe place at night but where in Surprise Az isn't
I love this place! Great prices and a huge selection of craft beers and spirits. Customer service is top notch!
I have received a response from the manager of this establishment in regards to the above issues.  Very seldom do I receive responses from business management on my Yelp reviews, thank you Taylor!\n\nI look forward to my next visit to this establishment.
I really didn't enjoy my experience. I felt (from a beginner level) that the routes were poorly planned and the space was poorly utilized with random holds, unmarked. I only bouldered and most of the gym was top ropes so maybe I got a bad taste in my mouth, but I'll shop around before getting a membership.
Great fast food when your on the go! I did not have much time for lunch today. My co-workers suggested we buy from this place. I didn't know what to expect, but i placed a order. They came back with a big container of food, soup and a egg roll. Great food for a low price.
Good food usually very consistent....Great bbq shrimp. Seating can be tight.
This is for sure one of the best breakfast spots in town! They are always slammed with customers and are at a great location in Scottsdale! There food selection is good and their food is always fresh! Their orange juice is freshly squeezed as well. If you are hungry for breakfast this is the place to go! Love it!
It's an ok burger but that's it. I am not sure what all the raving about the burger is about? Fries are tasty. I love men in paper hats!
Not impressed with the quality of ice cream, long waits abb\u00e9 customer service.  I will not be returning.
This is authentic New Mexican food! Not an imitation. Not Mexican food. No need to travel to New Mexico anymore. I rate this place a 6!  You have to try this.
Took my car in to fix a flat. Taking it to the sunset location today to get it fixed again this location SUCKS. Poor service!
we stumbled here after tao. i ordered lentil soup.  but i passed out.  i guess it was good.
Tastes okay, average portion, average price.
I prefer Lowes but Home Depot is much closer to my house. This store has so many items that will make your home upgraded and nice. You can spend hours here and I have.
My wife and I had b-fast at Baby stacks yesterday. Very well done. I had the carrot cake pancakes and we both feel they were even better than the red velvet. The coffee was very good as well as the eggs and potataos.
The toasted panini that I had cold meat in the center. The music inside was obnoxiously loud. The only reason that I'm giving it more than one star is because the waiter was very nice. Everything else was less than savory
Becca and Todd are fabulous tour guides. My husband and I have found Segway tours the best way to discover a new city. Todd uses a wireless headset with each rider so you have no trpuble hearing the tour. Rate this high on your must-do list!
Do not order pizza here. It took them more than 2 hours to deliver a pizza. No apologies, no phone calls. My house is only 5 minutes away from the store!
A great place for some food.yes most of its not helthy but its good.Its not to pricey and you have a big selection to choose from on the menu.This isnt far off from princess street,so great after some shopping.The staff were kind and approachable.
This is the best Todai I've ever been to - quality fish, tasty sushi...A much better idea than going to a $250-a-head steak dinner.
I have only eaten here once, but i cannot wait to go back! the service was phenomenal, the potstickers huge and delicious! the orange beef - just as good as a pf changs!  I had a restaurant.com coupon, purchased $10 gift card for .80 cents!  Highly recommend!
The lasagna was ok, the meat was good but it was a light on the tomato sauce. My husband had the chicken parm hero which was good. Our server recommended the Alfredo which I wish I would have gotten.
My friends and I were here in June and they were packed ~ the table wait time was 5 minutes.  Our server was friendly and knowledgable, food is good but it's the dessert that I enjoyed the most.  Price range is very affordable for the food and service that they deliver.  Must place to see!
Love their chips and salsa's, sangria swirl margaritas are delicious too! Great happy hour and service!
Staff are really rude. Casino is dead on Saturday night. Lots of empty room across the casino. Restaurant was closed. Got our rooms refunded. Going to go stay somewhere else.
Not only is the food delicious but the chief cook,bottle washer, and charming host Alex is a real treasure to his community. He supports the local neighborhood gardens and helps hold that little corner of the universe together. Vicki Chapman
Sushiya has great sushi and definitely some awesome happy hour options. Unfortunately, the hours for happy hour and general hours of the restaurant were never quite convenient for me. They were closed on two or more occasions that I visited. However, on visits that were successful, I always left with a full belly and satisfied my sushi craving.
This place is amazing from top to bottom. 2 hours down we are still here.
This is horrible. Totally disgusting and over priced for the wilted limited vegetables that they did have. Not worth anyone's time. \nI could have gone to whole foods and bought totally organic and fresh produce for less money than I wasted here
Egg - cellent omelette s!  I had a bacon and sausage combo.  I'm not a big fan of the usual home fries that come with breakfast dishes, these were different.  Everything was well presented, fresh and tasty.   And the service was friendly.  I had the omelette for lunch.
Overpriced!
Came here for lunch on a Friday and enjoyed it very much.  Nice atmosphere, lovely outdoor seating, friendly staff.  We shared fish tacos and the carne asada burrito and the food was really good; very well seasoned.
Overall not impressed, the food is not all that great and the atmosphere treats itself bigger than it should. Pork dim sum was bland and the $16 flank steak noodles were drenched in salt ... At the very least the staff was extremely nice and I hear the tofu dim sum was decent... Just not my place I guess
Food was fantastic. I had the French Toast and my fiance had the grilled cheese and we both loved it.
I have been to Pho MaiLan at least 10 times. I always get the Pho Thai, and then add something new to try. So far I have not been disappointed, and I do not expect that I will be. Fast, friendly service and delicious food is why I continue to return time and time again!
Came by for lunch on a Friday and found great lunch specials, great beer and wine options, local coffee and tea, and delicious food. The crepes are huge and the sides are generous. Everything was very fresh. Great atmosphere and decor, fantastic service.
Here for the weekend and was told i had to try this place out.  The Pittsburger cheese steak was pretty bland.  Unseasoned beef, dry fries, mediocre slaw, and white bread.\nHopefully Pittsburgh has some better \"must eat\" places.
The best place on the Plateau...to get robbed and to be badly served! 3 bucks for one sip of coffee latte and the service to match! Too bad, the decor is attractive!
Cute little bakery. I love the artisan ice creams and also the banana bread. Their cupcakes are pretty good too. Nice spot for something sweet, with a cozy atmosphere and efficient service.
Food and smoothies are awesome and consistent.  The employees are not happy to be here and I always feel like I'm putting them out when I show up.
Groupon has great deals for this place. The salespeople are annoying sometimes. They always do a good job on my car. I will will continue to visit.
Driver did not show up. Had to call him myself to ask if he was coming. The other driver he sent was over 20 minutes late.
We went to this restaurant on a recommendation from my nephew.  The sushi was excellent!  We've been to quite a few sushi restaurants in Scottsdale, NY and elsewhere and this was was up there with the quality.  Very relaxed but nice atmosphere as well.  We will be returning!
Don't order the ribs!! Awful! They're fatty and tough, without much flavor. I hate for my first review to be a bad one, but oh well...
Been to this business 5 times now, spent $1000 dollars on my car and it still isn't fixed. Terrible customer service. Will not be returning. Might as well go to a dealership because they charge less and will actually fix my car.
The tilapia filet as well as the babaganoush and the loubieh are amazing! Fantastic service with great fresh food make this worth the drive off the strip!
This is the thinnest crispiest crust I have ever seen and they serve it with a fork and knife. I love it!
Great service really ave. food. City Life loved the 5 napkin burger-just an ave burger w/ a cold bun.  The beni was just melted butter. I won't be back-the outlaw burger @rollin smoke is still the winner for over the top burger.
the food was delicious and there was plenty of it.  the service was also very good.  if i lived in Vegas i'm sure i would frequent this place often.
I had the Hawaiian chicken sandwich and onion rings, and give thumbs up to both, plus the prices were reasonable.  I'd definitely go back for a quick, relatively cheap meal next time I'm at PH.
I'll give this a three star only because the owner replied to my comment and gave out his hand to try out his business again. Will be coming back and editing my review.
Great course for the price. Employees are friendly. The greens were in good shape as well as the fairways. Something goofy going on in the rough but it was heading into off season so no big deal.
I called to ask if they buy swords.. And the guy hung up on me. How rude.
Awesome boutique. Fairly inexpensive. I love love their pumpkin spice soy candles and all their incense make my apartment smell so good! \n\nCute clothes and very friendly associates. Many of the surrounding stores aren't very nice so they were a breath of fresh air
Simply the best.
The $4 burger with 3 by 3 burger is delicious and an amazing. The meat didn't taste like steak, just a normal hamburger. Still satisfies  just as much as a rubies or Johnny rockets.
this place was just ok. the $13 noodle and rice combo I will say is a great deal and they give big portions! flavors of their ramen were really good. service is definitely slow, as they only have like 2 servers. I'd come back again but it's nothing great.
The breakfast here is amazing! Specifically the big breakfast... The only thing odd here is the parking situation but the service has been great the few times I've been here the atmosphere is great even though it is rather tiny in size but don't let that fool you
This Starbucks is tucked into the shopping center at Piper Glen. The indoor seating seems a little cramped, but there is a lot of outdoor seating which I like to take advantage of when the weather is  nice.  Parking can be a challenge at this shopping center thanks to the popularity of the Greenway and Trader Joes.
I usually try to give places the benefit of the doubt with yelp ratings and try them anyways. The rating here is spot on. This review is based on the buffalo and philly mac. They weren't bad, but definitely weren't good either. Maybe some of their other selections may be a bit better.
Old and musty smelling room. Well, smelled more like an ash tray now that I remember.
Love this place - like taking a walk back in time, and it's one of those \"you name it, they got it\" kinda places.  Very friendly staff and good prices.  Go there all the time.  Miss the dog though.
Great place. Love the salads!!!!
We stopped in last Saturday night to grab a drink and were pleasantly surprised that a nice jazz group was playing.  It was the perfect end to a day...a nice drink, great music and the best company ever.
Target has become my favorite store especially this location since it's always clean. Not only do they have affordable school supplies they also have groceries, which is very convenient.
3 people. The bill was about $75 bucks. We were never asked about refills. My medium well burger was dry. Not worth the bucks.
It was kinda hard to find, all the way in the back behind the tables. I ordered my lemondrop.. Mmm... foaamy? I ordered a mojitio... foamy as well, both were quite sweet. Overall experience, quite disappointing.
Absolutely love this trail. Now that it finally cooled down I think I may hiking now :-)
Good Mexico City food but sometimes the service is suspect. \nNice to find a menu that isn't just the played out typical standards the margies can be fantastic. \nSo if you want your atypical fare this is the place but make sure your schedule is freed up for an hour or so.
Gabi is so motivating!! Go check out Cyclone Las Vegas!! You'll never regret it! It's like working out in a nightclub! Low lights and loud amazing music!
As BBQ in Phoenix goes - this is one of the better ones.  Get there early - they fill up FAST!
i love this pool., so fun, good dj's, great music. good place to party. cabana's are nice, we walked right in, no problem, but it was because we were part of a cabana, which is a good way to go
The best dining experience we have had in Vegas so far . The service was very friendly and if you go hungry , something is wrong . Well worth the money !
Best Dim Sum on the strip; maybe the only dim sum... pretty authentic and good.  Dim Sum was very reasonably prices.  I will return here again and again.
Great food. I come here all the time and always get steak kabobs. The sauce on the kabobs is very good. Lots of healthy menu choices but you still get good potions for the price. Fast and very clean restaurant.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! \n\nWe go there all the time. Everything on the menu is good. Never a disappointment. I have tried both locations in Charlotte and will continue to go. Great service and great options. Onions rings are amazing.
Still awful.  Getting worse somehow.  Still storing boxed inventory on the restaurant floor.  Still regularly messing up orders.  Still treating customers rudely.
Happy hour is gold...$10 each for s sushi platter for two, kobe beef sliders, dim sum, chicken lettuce wraps, and calamari...yummm!\n\nPlus I got to drink my girly drinks -strawberry caipirinha and purple haze :)
a beer 2 bucks tacos? yes sir 2 bucks! 2am , heck yes!, the service fast, the taste, amazing for the middle of the night!
Chicken was fun. I love chicken. I tried their number 2. A peppery sauce. I didn't like their biscuit and gravy. Biscuit was more sweet than buttery. Service was great.
We were very disappointed. We ordered ordinary dishes that had rookie mistakes. The shrimp cocktail and the fish in the cippino were overcooked...I think Red Lobster doesn't even make these mistakes. We will not be returning.
Moderately easy hike, with beautiful views! This hike is great whether for jogging or for relaxing. Can't wait to do it again soon!
About as good a plate of poutine as you're going to find.  The service was friendly and worked with a rare energy to feed the throngs.\n\nI lucked out and got a table, but you should be prepared to get your food to go and eat outside.
Great buffet! Our little vacation crew went here for lunch one of the days we were in town. The spread was good and there were many options for sushi and non sushi items. Desert - green tea ice cream please!
Awesome experience each time that I've dined here!! Atmosphere is as equally impressive as the food and the service! Our server, Whitney, was delightful each time I've been there, as is the rest of the waitstaff! This place is a gem :-)
It's a beautiful facility but it's 9:00 p.m. and 107 degrees outside with zero breeze!!!
Not worth it, slow and not very customer oriented.
I totally agree with how they tend to try to sell you on \"upgrades\" or sell you on the more expensive options for your \"car\"!  They really do charge a lot.....looking for a different vet....any recommendations?
Meh. Had a pork burrito and just like the previous visit, very bland. I even added their habenero sauce I hopes it would help, not much flavor there either.
Great decor. My gf felt like she was back at home in Paris. It was nice to have warm utensils (something that is lacking at many fine dining establishments around Montreal). I did enjoy the croissant, but it is a far drive to get one daily.
Had the Bento Box lunch which consisted of a Chicken Teriyaki main accompanied by salad, Miso soup(excellent), Cali Rolls and rice. Everything was tasty; the Chicken Teriyaki was a tad salty.
Creepy customers.
This is definitely my favorite self serve frozen yogurt place.  I'm just sad that I moved to the other side of town and there isn't one over here.  The have the most fruit flavors of anywhere I've been and the mango powder is AWESOME!
If you are looking for jewelry in Scottsdale I would highly recommend going to Hamra Jewelers!  They have a huge selection to choose from, and are very friendly and knowledgeable.
Had the baked rigatoni which wasn't too bad. The chicken noodle sou was waaaay too salty though and couldn't eat it. But a cool place to eat and relax for about $10.
Stopped in for dinner tonight and it was good, just not amazing.  I had a soup and an appetizer and the food arrived in a timely manner and the server was friendly (but does Canada not have unsweetened iced tea anywhere?). The food was tasty, but nothing special. Overall it was a nice dinner.
I love this restaurant. The lunch menu is not expensive and really good. Service is excellent, nice waiters.\n\nThe stake Prince Arthur is delicious! Lunch special comes with an entrance and a dessert.\n\nThey have nice terrace. If the weather is nice, you can't go wrong.
The food has always been good, but not the cleanest taco shop we've been to.  You're taking a gamble when you order any fish, but you will anywhere that serves seafood in Arizona.
Fast, friendly service, tasty sandwiches.  The menu offers a nice variety.  We enjoyed a late lunch in a nearly deserted room.  It was pleasant to enjoy tasty food and not pay high prices not far off a main tourist area.
best honey toast in town! love love love the short ribs!
Stopped by today for lunch (Sunday 7-27-08).\nPho Loc is closed, appears the roof collapsed.\n\nLooks like they are gone.  :(
Kandice at Linwright Design, LLC is extremely knowledgable about social media marketing, search engine optimization, and website design.  She is super creative and will help your business thrive in the social internet age that is constantly changing and evolving.
Food is very, very average and overpriced. Service is just awful. The hostess appeared to be in her pajamas and our server was outright rude.
As a decision maker at a company who has many company vehicles I use SafePro for both our company vehicles and personal vehicles. Maegan and Annie are easy to talk to and very personable!  Their customer service is fantastic!
Might be the worst Indian food I have ever eaten.
I guess this is like an old Wisconsin supper club? I wouldn't know, but do I know the food is great! Have only been for lunch, but yummy veggie sandwich and unique options for sides.
I am in AZ on business several times a month. This is a very friendly comfortable efficient operation. I love the staff. The rooms are quiet and well furnished. There is a tasteful lobby area in which to meet clients and discuss business. The restaurant is great and there is an attached Starbucks.
I was not too impressed, I felt no effort placed on my meal. Had dust on my grapes and sour fruits. I haven't been back to coras in some time!
Lunch specials are off the charts(from 11AM - 3PM). Soup and meal for 5-6 dollars(somewhere around there). Try the garlic tofu oR any of the curry. BOMBBB!!!
I had the southern fried shrimp tacos. They were quite tasty. However they were made with popcorn shrimp which I feel should be noted on the menu. The Mac & cheese was so-so. We did have green curry mussels as an app though that were delicious!
I honestly dont understand what all the rave is about. Chicken sandwich was good. The omelet my husband got was average and pricey. The waitress barely checked on our table and her shorts were so short her butt cheeks were hanging out.
Stay away  unless you like nasty and dirty food, in that case proced.  I seen one of the cooks rub his nose like really, really hard, would almost consider it picking with the same glove he decided to make my burrito with.  Had to turn it down.   Stay away.  Not worth it.
We have dined here twice now and we loved it both times. Yes they have some bugs to work out but the food is great. The owner is very nice and is very interested in making sure your happy with your meal.  Interesting menu and modestly priced. I can assure you we will be back for sure.
Drink beer and play video poker.  Maybe grab a smoke here and there. What else do u need ?  Perfect place to stop by and close to home. Support local
Unfortunate. I would recommend staying away from this place. The restaurant is not particularly clean, and the food is very sub par on many fronts; quality, taste and sitting time are a few points. Food from any mainstream fast good restaurant is about twice the quality.
Not the worlds greatest BBQ chicken (sorry Guy). It was good. Very vinegary. Second price got soggy and the crust is only good when crisp. If I am back down in that area I will try the regular fried chicken.One thing that really bothered me what the car hop hovering for a tip.
Just tried this for the first time,  got the round steak and brisket pho. The food came out fast and the large portion was more than I could finish. Everything was hot and fresh tasting, we will definitely be back.
Great service! owner/operator. The place is always open. Great prices and good verity if you like candy, ice cream and shave ice. Who doesn't ? This place is the kind of store memories are made in. It's been there for 20 years and generation have enjoy their good and simple treats  they serve.
Hidden charges, flavorless sauce, crust wasn't cooked long enough, and they delivered the wrong toppings.
God can you give me a list of workers who make the drinks . Some make it good but then 85% of the time it taste like shit and watered down
8 times out of 10, I love this place! Occasionally they'll mess up an order but are good about getting it fixed. Also the service is slow sometimes, but other than that.. everything is tasty! It's also a really cool place to sit outside & enjoy the view!
The hotel was great. Complimentary breakfast, friendly service, clean rooms,complimentary  wi-fi and great location. This hotel was very cozy and it almost felt like home. The front desk staff were very friendly and they were able to get our rooms earlier. Better than any well known hotels.
Screw 100.5! I don't care if they bring back Jack or not...I will always hold a grudge against them for hosting right wing radical shows.....
This hotel does not honor your reservation and they will do nothing to make amends or give you the requested room.  \nWe booked a double non-smoking and they gave us a smoking double room.  I had to request a change 4 times.  Read the reviews on tripadvisor and book a different hotel.
Just got our 6 month photos of my little guy and our family back that Tonya did over the weekend. Absolutely AMAZING! She's so great with Duke, getting him to smile and open to trying ideas that I've found on pinterest. Can't wait for our next shoot!
Kann ich nur best\u00e4tigen. Gerne wieder.
It seems every time I come to this Pharmacy, they are not organized or they promise a time and it's never ready. I'll go to the one on 3975 E. Thunderbird, Phoenix, AZ 85032. Ask for Mary! She's the best!! This place has horrible service in Pharmacy!
Place is decent. Average corp restaurant. The food I tried didn't stand out in any way.
This place is whack charge if you fail or if it's rejected no other place does that never go again and had an attitude i would never recommend even to my worse enemy i hope they close this place down!!
Who would expect a restaurant at non-fancy side of the spectrum in a mega resort could be good?\n\nWell, this place was quite a surprise in that regard. Foods here are tasty!
The staff was snobby. It was difficult to locate a menu. They acted like I was inconveniencing them by ordering there. There are no outlets, so not good for studying. They brought me a sandwich, even though I ordered a pizza. Then they brought my pizza, which was mediocre.
This place doesn't seem like it would have such fresh delicious crab but its does! My husband and I can't stop eating there and the servers are nice. I like the casual atmosphere as well. Blue crab is the best!
Maybe not the worst but definitely not the best.  I realize that because they are attached to a hotel they may not feel the need to step it up.  That being said they need to realize those guest count too.
I had an appointment for 2:15.  It's 3:28 now and I still haven't seen a doctor. Very frustrated.
Horrible decor. Great bartenders. Not a place I would frequent again I'm sure.
I decided to update my review. I first rated them at one star, but since then, I have always decided to give Hunter one more try.
Enjoyed our stay. Average hotel and had overall good experience. Took entire family and kids had a great time for their first time in Vegas.
being from cleveland, going here was definitely a treat! the sandwiches were amazing and authentic-i had the corned beef and the second half was great for a late dinner:) the owners were super friendly-we went for lunch so it wasn't too busy but i'm looking forward to a repeat visit later
Great pedicure today
Great Spot! Great food, wonderful, friendly staff!!!!!\nOnly negative was all the eating area was pretty dirty, just needed a little TLC in the cleaning department.
They pretty much have the best prices in town and always stocked up.... cant go wrong with that!!
Very polite and nice service. My first time thai foods experience so can't judge too much but ok.
Pretty weak, got the pork sandwich with chips, sad when the highlight if the meal is the pickle. Bread was ok, but the meat \"pulled\" pork was basically meat paste. Could put it in a tube and take to the moon with you!
Great place and great beer. Best part was our wonderful bartender Kelly, super sweet and made it very inviting!
Really good sushi! I've been looking for a local place and have found one I can look forward to returning to. The lunch specials are amazing and such a great price. You get soup and salad with your rolls.
Have to say that their service has improved a lot. Order has been correct and they seem to take pride that they are the spot on Baja Arcadia for doughnuts. Haven't been hard selling the up sale and polite and courteous over the past 4 months. Kudos, keep up the good work.
Cheap.  College.  Bar. \n\nXtra pts for quality/friendly barkeeps.
Hard to believe this place is right down the  strip from treasure island. Great Thai food and really cheap prices.Be prepared to wait around lunch or dinner times as the place is small. Must try..
Great happy hour, the fish and chips are excellent!
Went with a family group of 12 and no one had anything good to say about their meal.
I love Zales and all of the girls that have been there a long time. No pressure and actually help you find a better deal.  Have purchased a few items there and each time it has been no pressure. It is a busy store but well worth the wait!
Wow!!! We waited almost an hour to get up the desk. They seem to have low prices because they don't hire enough help.
I really like the joint, but the food is hit or miss. The staff is very accommodating & I dig the location & the vibe inside is cool. All in all it's my new spot, but I'll take love, wealth & AMber first.
5 year warranty with watch battery (with receipt). But I think it might be expensive. I was in a rush so didn't have time to comparison shop.
Love this place!!! Going back asap!!!  The owners are crazy friendly and hilarious.  Good place to go relax maybe watch a few games and laugh with good friends.
Had lunch last week at the town square location.  Bartenders were wonderful and made fresh drinks every time.  We ordered 6 different meals off the happy hour menu.  Everything was great especially for the hh price
well, the place looks legit from the outside......
I have been curious about Which Wich for a while and actually tried it today.  I've been to places where you write down all the goods and hand your paper to them, but somehow writing on a bag it makes it so much better.  :)  The staff was friendly (maybe too...) and sandwich was delicious!
Beautiful hotel to stay at For an affordable price!!!!
Crappy place. Employee hiding in the back on his cell phone. Didn't help get car through the wash. Vacuum s have zero suction.
West coast IPA. Amazing food. Dales pale ale. Amazing food. Stone IPA.  Amazing food.
This place is ok. I dont think its as good as everyone says it is. Its Americanized Mexican, which is fine but not something that I go for all the time and its definitely not at the top of my suggestion list for Mexican food restaurants.
The food was just ok but I'm originally from Southern California so I'm used to really good Mexican food. However, the mango margaritas were amazing. I would go back many times for margaritas and the sopapillas (dessert).
I was impressed with the atmosphere at this dentist's office. The staff was super friendly...but not fake. Dr. Fulcher was gentle, professional, and made me aware of everything he was doing before he did it. I will actually look forward to my next trip to the dentist !!
Well, the customer service is great and the work is spectacular, but their pricing is insane!!! They wanted DOUBLE what most of the other shops wanted for a fairly simple repair.
Food is very healthy, smells like fresh cut veggies right as you walk in.  Only drawback is that the items for what you are getting is slightly expensive ( at least the breakfast items) but all in all if you are in a hurry, good place to stop, I would find somewhere else for breakfast though.
This place is a scam. The machines took your money but wouldn't print out any tickets to be redeemed we wasted half an hour twiddling our thumbs farting around avoid at all cost. SCAM
Seems to be always unorganized, weights are never put back both plates and dumbbells not sure if more signs are needed to encourage members to return weights or need more staff members walking around putting things in place. The place can be pretty smelly, muggy and just a musty smell. Not always but often it smells.
We only ate here because of a $25 gift certificate.  The food was descent but way over price for Indian food.  Our entrees came out in a single bowl  with no side dishes.  I thought it was a joke, but now I know its not one of my favorite place to eat.
Was extremely upset after getting a ding on my perfect Audi A7. After calling around I set up and appointment with the owner.  he showed up at my house and fixed the dent in no time.  I am extremely   satisfied  with the work done.  I highly recommend their work! Now I can sleep knowing my car is perfect again!
Service was SLOW! Remember folks, there's a reason the steak special is $7.99. Stay away from it. Food came out cold. Nachos were blase', but the beer was good.
ordered the huevos con chorizo. it was kinda pricey for the amount of food that was served. plus, the chorizo was pretty bland. i went in the morning and the place was packed with police/sheriff officers who stared at me because i didnt have a uniform.
Waited here twenty minutes for service! Waiter came and got our drink order and they were never brought to us. My boyfriend and I just ended up leaving. Terrible service
I switched to this animal hospital a year ago and I LOVE it!! My dog always seems happy to go to see Dr Diaz. When we went to a different animal hospital she seemed scared so it's such a relief she is in good hands.
Way overrated... Not great service and food was mediocre at best!
Awesome food and great service. Thanks Rob and Stefano.
The place was 2/3 empty and yet the hostess tried to seat us next to the front door. I wish I could say the pizza was worth the lackluster service, but alas no. As a New Yorker I found myself fighting a strong urge to throw it across the room.
The drive through line is terrible. They are painfully slow.
It appears that C3 has gone out of business.\nThe website has been shut down.\nCalls to all of their listed phone numbers are listed as not in service.\nDon't waste your time.
Update: clothes on the same rack are no longer the same price.
My family and relatives always come here for a late night feed.  Cheap but yummy food.  Only problem is the wait... but can't complain since people know where to get a good deal.
Have tried this place a few times now we sometimes order it for everyone at work. My impression is that its a step up from Taco Bell.
We have tried ask the items on the menu and have enjoyed them all! Sunday special is a sampler of several meats and a side, generous portions and great food.
It's a dive bar / sports bar between ASU and a business district, what did you expect? Decent food, large portions, cold beer, and slow service. I go back to chill on the patio with friends because it is convenient and reminds me of the TKE house the day after a party.
Overpriced. Not the best carne asada fries, not even close! Nacho cheese on them instead of regular shredded cheese....doesn't make sense. We asked for no guacacmole and sour cream, still got it on our fries. Not coming back.
Very very good Mexican food!  We are snobby Soouthern Californians when it comes to Mexican food, but this place was delicious and cheap!  Got a carne asada burrito and man, it was stuffed full of meat.  The meat was also very flavorful and fresh!  Will definitely go back!
Rosalie at customer service should probably watch what she says about customers of different cultures and races. People are always watching. Then to bash on that customer to another customer? Not so customer service Rosalie.
We utilized a groupon to play at this golf park.  Me and my girls had a great time and would definitely go back again.  Fun times!
The white trash burger is mouth wateringly delicious. One of my favorite burgers anywhere. Tasty with waffle fries. Great, friendly service.
Tried take out and was very pleased.  Good Thai food.  Smaller portions than expected but very flavourful and tasty.  Would go back.
In the store today 2 times.....first AND last! I have never experienced such an unfriendly staff & the store is a mess.
Staff was not too helpful when I called to ask if they had found my debit card. Eat there but make sure you don't need anything from these guys cause they are not too helpful.
Johnny rockets was just okay, the place looks nice but the price was over price and they don't have meal combo price, plus the food was pretty messy and me and my friends could probably make a better burger.
Nice place. Good pub food. Great beer and cider selection. The staff has been personable and professionable in my three visits. Needs live music. Where's the live music?
I seem to get the same server by chance and she's my favorite! Great good at a great price! Chocolate covered strawberry milk shake...nuff' said
Incredibly friendly staff, giant portions, delicious food, good prices. The massaman curry and clear noodles were both fantastic.\n\nHighly recommended.
If your restaurant closes at 10 pm then why can't I order fried rice TOGO at 9:30?!! That's absolutely ridiculous, I work in the industry and we would NEVER turn away business because \"we are getting ready to close\". Extremely rude job hostess!!
The Fremont Street Experience is part county fair, part old school Las Vegas, part street performers, part shopping mall stage shows, part being inside a video game, all wrapped up together with a lot of lights, and people you would see at your local carnival. Cheesy, but somehow appealing for less than 60 minutes.
Not horrible. Where are the maps of the airport?? I couldn't find a map of food joints ANYWHERE.
This is a pretty big purchase for anyone to make, and wherever you end up buying from, I just hope you feel as you are being treated well and fairly! Good luck!
The food is good and plentiful.  It's served family style in large dishes. Nothing special about the menu, on par with Macaroni Grill or Carrabba's. The service was a little slow, especially from the bar.
Great place always busy but usually no problem to get you in I try call first.  They do GREAT nail art and pedicures I go to LeeLee or Hannah.  Open everyday and everyone always nice prices are great
Had their pizza last night for my sons sleepover. None of the kids ate it and complained that it tasted metallic. It was indeed pretty horrible even for $5.99 per medium. We will never go near the place again.
French press coffee - very nice.  Food was pretty good, toast was weird.  Service was pretty good, but pricey.  Would be back but probably not on my own dime.
Good authentic mexican food in the heart of old town. The Santos building next to patio is pretty cool too.
Food is not that great & the service is extremely slow. We ordered a burrito here & the meat inside was half frozen. Salsa is the only thing there thats good.
Amazing brunch! Also, their bloody mary's are to die for. Also everyone who works here is very nice & the service is excellent.
If you like the way cake mix from a box tastes then this is the place for you. I felt like I could've easily made these at home.
Beautiful place - large campus - pricey - but it is a Biltmore
For all you chocolate lovers this place has the best chocolate cupcakes!!!!\nBetter than Sprinkles and Caketini. I highly recommend it.
Line took FOREVER but was somewhat efficient. Pizza was only decent. I would never wait again. Greasy pizza. Staff seems a bit sketchy.
Terrible customer service. Just awful! Expected way better from this place. Never coming back!!
I had the Euro Burger, fantastic! Best burger I've had in a long time.  You could taste every element of the burger. The fries were not my favorite,  although real potatoes, they were very dry.
Love this Oakland restaurant! The food is great and the prices are decent - especially for lunch. The lemongrass chicken is my favorite - they are very generous with the lemongrass and always let me substitute noodles for rice. Would definitely recommend it if you are in Oakland for a quick bite!
Food is good and the service was to match, but its hard to get a good value in here because the Scottsdale Quarter has some of the highest rents in the City.
Visited with friends for some cocktails. They were so delicious and innovative. We had four folks and we each ordered two different cocktails so we could taste a wide range. All delicious. There isn't really enough variety on the food menu to allow for a group to get a meal so we ordered snacks to share.
Honestly, there really wasn't much of a selection.  I went here because my brother and parents wanted to go, but I was disappointed.
I have asked Brenda of Balanced Organizing Solutions to help me out for several different areas in my life, including the kitchen, closet, office, and computer.  Her ideas go way beyond my expectaions of what 'organizing' means!  She is truly amazing, friendly, and professional.  I highly recommend her.
Very liberal with the salt in he carnitas but overall not bad food. Got the super burrito and it was a good amount of food for the money
I really wanted to like this place but the portion sizes was tiny. I had there bento box with Chicken Teriyaki but there was more vegetables then chicken. It should have been called  Vegetables Teriyaki. Too much money for too little food. After dinner I went out to get another meal to satisfy my less than full stomach!
Mediocre buffet food. A few vegan options, but not ideal at all. Avoid if you can.
This place would get 5 stars if their shots of Jameson weren't $11. Great food and service!
I don't know whats the problem but looks like they are closed. I've been calling them for 2 days but no one is answering the phone....
I was very interested in using Moxie for my wedding, but they never got back to me. I sent multiple emails and made a few calls.... Dissappointing...
Excellent meal,  great entertainment and the chef was a lot of fun.   The sake is very good too.   This place is easy better now that it's not hooters any more   we'll be back to this one.
Abdoui is amazing. The best service use this for Vegas travel. No wait and they very professional.
Fantastic experience in the end!  We started our trip with a bad experience at Hotel Red but they more than turned it around and made us happier after having had a problem than they could have if we had never had a problem in the first place!  The food was great, location fantastic, rooms and lobby well designed.  No complaints!
Kip was great! Super nice guy and does fabulous work! I even got him to tint some windows in my house. Kudos to an excellent tint job on my car!
The pizza here is really yummy! The Meatball, Onion & Roasted Red Pepper pizza was delicious! The Caesar salad, however, was just okay. The chicken tasted like packaged Tyson chicken from a food store. The actual salad was good aside from the additional grilled chicken.
Great hotel to stay at to avoid the busy traffic on the strip. Really enjoyed this facility and casino. We will return.
had the best pizza last night. I got two of the biggest slices of cheese pizza. Bigger than my face! Thin crust good sauce and great gooey cheese.  Seriously, the size of the slice freaked me out. One was more than enough. Service was quick and everything tasted fresh. I will definitely hit this place up more often.
This is a pretty nice Casino. Most of it feels nice and open, probably the nicest slot layout out of any of the casinos in Las Vegas. The color scheme was nice, and the ceilings are beautiful. Best Sports Book in my opinion also with Mirage being the runner up if that is your thing.
Good selection of stuff. However, their customer service sucks. I've been here twice and both times I had to wait an unbelievable amount of time to check out. They really need to work on this. I don't think I'll be recommending this place because of it.
Super yummy. The goat cheese sip with blue chips was fantastic! Had the chicken and it was absolutely perfect. I'll be back!
Best service by a Chinese restaurant ever! Didn't have to ask for refills & the servers were very attentive! They have some amazing clams and seafood.
My friend was the only non-Chinese person here!  It must be good!  :)  \n\nWe just ordered using pictures of dishes from Yelp.  They figured out what the dishes were.  \n\nThe soup and fried rice were great, but I don't know what they are called!
Lovely cooked breakfast with extra chips & hollandaise sauce washed down with an extra spicy Bloody Mary
Heard alot of good comments, but went there to find only the shop has closed down ={ anyone know where has it moved to ?
Horrible service!!!! same Mexican guy always working.. never says hello or goodbye just asks what you want in broken English. sooooooooo annoying!!
Love the girls at Stylush! Go see the color Queen, Veronica Peebles!
Slow, not clean or organized, and my brat wasn't good. Good fries though.  Underwhelmed. Very poor options in the Phoenix airport.
If you are female, 5'1\" and petite, you can find camo pants that actually will fit in the Youths section (store brand RedHead).  Trust me, I looked all over the valley...
Loved the Bulgarian eggs Benedict but not enough bread which they charge for. Otherwise their well edited menu is well executed.
My first thought upon eating a Woobie's Cookie was this: \"Why did I have to wait nearly 45 years for such a sublime experience?\"  \n\nMy second thought was, \"How can I grab that container and run without being caught?\"
great food, quick service, and friendly staff
Jennifer Lynn has been my hair dresser and my kids hair dresser for years now.  She is very talented with cutting and coloring and always gives my whole family a great new do.. The salon is in a great location at Kierland also...
Went here for breakfast.. \nNot the greatest.. I wouldn't go again.
Very bad service.  The waiter was in rush n was a bit rude.  the food was also bad. The backlava was the worst ever. Would never ever go back again
Great dj got here around 1:00 am left at sunrise . People were getting in the pool at 4 am in the morning so much dancing and great memories . Avicci keeps u going with energy . Always wanted to see him live now I have .
These dogs are really as good as it gets!!!! Love me some Short Leash Dogs!!!
Exactly like a panera minus the awesome green tea.  Their sandwiches are good, so are their soups, but I never feel like anything is fresh.  I know their soups come frozen and they just heat it.  Still satisfies when you need to drop in for a quick lunch.
So surprised by the reviews -- we have used Pony Express to mail packages over 2 dozen times since 2013.   They have been absolutely wonderful - prepaid or not.  Always professional and prompt.
New respect for Chipotle - their mini series is funny & will raise awareness of US's ridiculous lack of attention to our politics effect on quality food supply.
We started off with the traditional salsa and chips plus a bean dip.  We ordered the signature flaming fajitas with chicken that also included a cup of tomato soup.  The flame was a nice gimmick but the bottom line was the fajitas and soup were pretty average.\n\nA rating of 2.5 is appropriate.
Love that the food was just as outstanding as the Sahara location. Mike and the Sahara team were also cooking! Great meal - just wish that they had the outdoor cooking ambiance
Everything is way overpriced. Smells pretty bad do to the large amount of people in the store and if your going to just see the stars than you better try and figure out when they are shooting because they are never there unless they are shooting obviously.
I have been to this place few months ago for laser hair removal.... Dr's assitant felt a big scar on my face.. Though i gave them a cal regarding the scar, the reception guys said they will ask drs assitant to cal but i never heard them back 4r them..
Put more stuff on the sub, stingy bastards, great meat but meat and bread doesn't make the cheesestake take a note from brother cappriotti and put substinance on tha sandwich or don't call it a cheesestake!
Great service. Great sushi! Recommend sitting at the sushi bar. Got to try the viva Las Vegas roll! Almost too pretty to eat!
I stop here at least 3 times a week.  Inexpensive, so great for the budget conscious person, but taste like a 4 star meal.  The Pho Broth is perfect every time.  This place is always packed with a mix of people,  I just wish the servers were a little bit more friendlier.
Amazing. Fresh deli style meat and great tasting! I LOVE this place. It puts subway to shame, I will drive out of my way to go to a Jersey Mikes!
I went back and this time we had the pizza! Thin crust with pepperoni, Italian beef and fresh garlic. Amazing! We talked to three different guys, including one who I think is the owner, and they were awesome. Again, not disappointed at all!
Salmon nigiri... Simply the best! We are always treated like family even when they are busy. In fact, one of the owners shared his Mom's homemade Kim Chee with me. We don't need to ask for gluten free soy or Soju because the owners and staff simply remember.
The greatest and first Cobb Omelette I've ever had.  Good hotcakes too!! (place needs to expand -too small) lol
Presidential Limo picked us up on time at the airport and at the hotel to go home. The driver was very nice and exactly what we ordered was delivered. I would use this company again.
They have very delicious food. I can eat their gazpacho three times a day, every day. It is great.
It was delicious, a great breakfast place. The ambiance was also really good. It has a small menu but everything good can't really go wrong. Also the Grog breakfast drink is great option. A must try, also recommend heading with time to kill or making a reservation. It's small place so there is a wait time.
love this place. was there last weekend visiting my friend...got so tanked. supper hot girls and affordability priced drinks. by far my favorite bar in scottsdale!
Went here on a friends recommendation and am very glad we did.\nFood was tremendous, service great and bringing our own wine with no corkage fee was priceless!\nA must visit while in Montreal.
Do not go here if you're over 21!!!  Or if you don't dress like a stripper!!!  My friend and I (in our thirties and dressed casually) went to try the food I'd heard so much about, but we were so horrified by the scene that we left.
Located Riggs on Yelp and upon reading reviews I called and made an appointment for a Saturday morning. Joel was completely professional, friendly, and thorough. He did an excellent job and we will definitely use his service again.
Not much to say. Bad food, below average service mixed with overpriced menu, equals, not going back any time soon!
Told me 30 minutes... It took over an hour and 15 mins - Please provide realistic expectations. Your only setting yourself up for failure. Poor service :(
Cold fries... sent back.. they came back as fast as I sent them back... meaning they micro nuked them.. I could do that at home...which I dont ever ! Servers are great though
Just waited over an hour to be seated when I was told it was going to be 30 minutes.  Then when asked what was going on I was treated like I was out of line.  Left because there's no way I would give them any of my money for being treated like crap.  They just lost a customer that has a lot of influence here.
I went to school nearby and visited this wal-mart frequently the employees were very friendly and helpful. Of course the prices were very good. This is the reason I became a diehard Walmart fan and tolerate the crappy run walmart near my house in santa clarita, ca.
We just finished lunch here and our food was very good. We read Yelp reviews an decided to try it ourselves. We ordered chicken Philly cheesesteak and two house salads. All prepared quickly and good service. Small place-but nice atmosphere. Recommend!
Super greasy. Sadly I prefer dominoes. Over priced in my opinion as well.
Went yesterday. Now I can't stop looking at my nails! They are so friendly and made me feel so comfortable. I felt like I was at home. Had such an amazing first experience and will definately be returning for more!
Best part was the chips & different salsas (tried 3 & they were all fresh & delicious). The tacos were another story. Had the carne asada: dry, chewy, and flavorless. This isn't a taco truck, I expect better.
Worst sushi I've ever had. I didn't think it was possible to have bad sushi, unless of course it caused you to become ill. But this is the first time I've had bad sushi.
The portions were small and the prices were high.  I really didn't see a distiction between this type of food and any number of small indian places.
Its not the ritz but go in knowing you will be full when you leave and you will leave pleased.
Last night I had \"TO GO\" the 3 Piece Fish, Rice & Gravy, Greens  $13.00 & Pulled Pork Sandwich $5.95 .  Everything was very delicious.  Portion size was Small.   Rating for Food was 4 to 5.  Size portion brought it down tremendously.
Big fan of this place, food is healthy and atmosphere is great. Price is a little high but it's a Fox Restaurant in Scottsdale Quarter so it's to be expected. If you're looking for something filling go with the Bison Burger.
There are few other shops in the area with better service and ramen, but I will say there boba tea is pretty tasty.
I can only give it three stars because I had the filet Mignon and it was okay nothing special however my friend had the tuna with lobster mash potatos and it was awesome.
This place was awesome, my friends and I drop to FEZ last week without knowing that it would be a great experience. This place is so good. Will come back later with some new friends.
Was in Vegas for 2 weeks. Great place to pick up a decent meal. They will grill any meat or fish you buy at no extra charge. Good if you're stuck in a hotel and want to eat healthy.
Good service, average food, gross bread program, super high prices. Worth skipping; there are better dining experiences in Vegas.
Great food! Fun Atmosphere. The Colorado sauce is kicked up a notch, but sooooo good! They also have a great salsa fresca. They are interior of the desert ridge mall so you have to go find them from within. A great party place!
Absolutely the best pizza in Las Vegas. Great friendly staff and they also deliver.
I come to Las Vegas frequently for work and always try to pick new places.  After my meal this evening I will always stop here!  Stephano please come to Arizona!
Stayed here for a week.... and surprisingly room service sucks! Other than that, the rooms are beautiful and the people are friendly
Love this place!!! Best little hole in the wall Mexican I've had in Charlotte. Staff is always friendly.
the croissants here were huge. felt healthier because they were less oily, but kind of plain looking and plain tasting.
Stayed and it was amazing! up there with the Four Seasons! had a gret time! 10 minute private walk to mgm grand! just amazing!
The pho wasn't bad but don't get the nem noung or the goi coung awful the only good thing was the hot tea
The fondue with pretzels is amazing! Had the grilled cheese sliders, they are crunchy and tasty :) my new favorite place :)
This place is pretty good! they serve a selection of creatively topped dogs and some of the best greasy fries I have had in awhile. enough said!  Time to go drink some beer and devour this dog!
I've been here about 10 times and I would have to say the quality has really dropped dramatically in the last month or so really disappointed I'll try back in a month or 2 because I really want to like this place
Always good and fresh. Great prices during happy hour. better and bigger selection of happy hour menu has been added, great little sushi joint, one of the best I have been to.
I'll keep it short and sweet... Crepe Expectations exceeded my expectations. I had the Monterrey Crepe which was absolutely delicious. My friend had the Crepelet (ham and cheese) which was also delicious. To top it off the service was fab!  Will definitely be returning.
I went hear today as my first time.  They are a great nail salon in uptown Charlotte!  I will definitely be going back.  They are moving in November to a new street front location off of Trade St. behind Kings Kitchen.  Definitely worth checking out!  The staff was friendly and everyone I spoke with spoke very good english!
I was contacted by the owner who explained that their policy was not to contact Topher's old customers. I will take her at her word, and assume that this was an honest mistake. The new rating reflects the talent of the people who work there, the cool massage chairs, and the overall vibe of the place.
Well... it's a fast food burger joint after all, so don't expect much. The ambience is nice.\n\nPrice / taste ratio is about right - you get what you pay for.
Grade: C\n\nSemi-decent steaks. Skip the nasty Onion Blossom and go for the Blue Cheese Salad instead. Good service.
It's a neat place but the food isn't that great. Had rolled tacos and beef tacos. Maybe something else is the specialty lol
After waiting for 15 minutes and watching your employee blot the oil and makeup off her face, for my basic California Burrito with no Pico de guallo, half the borrito was cold, and it seemed as if there was extra pico on the borrito. Not going back to this place ever again.
Had this for take out the first time a couple months ago when we had a pizza craving. The place seemed pretty spacious and great for a kid's birthday party or family gathering. The pizza was okay. The cinnamon pie/roll/sticks thing was AMAZING. But other than that, I thought it was pretty meh.
Sopping at the shops at la cantera, golf nearby and six flags too there is so much to do in this area. Also drive to the local rim shops great sacks and Nordstrom outlet where bargains can be found.
Good steak in general. Not worth the price your paying.
Service is a bit slow, factor that in if you are stopping for a quick drink before a movie..
The bartenders were friendly and talented in juggling cups while making drinks. My favorite drink was Tranquil Waters, which consisted of Cruzan mango rum, blue curacao, pineapple juice, and mango!
Gross Sunday Brunch\n\nWasted money and just degrading for a buffet in Vegas.\n\nNever again.  Even the desserts sucked.\n\nWish I had checked reviews before eating here =(
Favorite place to get a good wholesome breakfast! Forget IHOP, forget House of Pancakes. This is the place to be. Love the cajun fries that come with almost anything meal. And the bacon avocado omelette just melts in your mouth. Great spot to hit up for Sunday or any day of the week
Went to dayclub on Sunday and got food poisoning then they kicked me out because there food got me sick worst ever!!!!!
Worst customer service ever. Stay away. Only got 1 star bc I had to give them one.  UPDATE- they are closed permanently
Great food! Great service! Great atmosphere...99% of the time. The bar can get loud and obnoxious. If the bar is full, avoid it. The dining area is very nice. Order a cheese crisp and a beer. This place does Mexican comfort food right!
Exceptional service by the one and only Jose S. He catered to our table and made our experience phenomenal. Best server/service I've had in Vegas so far! Food was great, Frangria was amazing.
Took my nieces here for a good experience of brick pizza and it turned out the experience was horrible.  The staff was not friendly. The food was ok, not worth the price.  Also, I had stomach flu afterwards. Would not want to come back to this place.  Very poor customer service in general.
Nice place just off the North strip. The garlic soft shell crab is delicious!  I was practically licking the plate clean. Its probably one of the most expensive items on the menu but it was still only $20. Will be visiting this place again next time I'm in Vegas.
I think this pie is awful. I have had it twice and all I got was a 16\" grease pie cut into annoying little squares. When I requested the pie to be cut into a traditional round style, my request was met with a huff and a puff. It's quite pricy too.
Actually good quality buffet food and not just producing food like a factory. Their food actually has flavor! The desserts had really nice presentation but the only problem I had with it was that they were a little too sweet for my taste. Overall, very retro and pleasant experience.
This Indian restaurant is one of the best and most authentic I have ever eaten at.  I went for the lunch buffet and the price and quantity of foods was huge, but more importantly the QUALITY of the food was incredible.  Now that I have had a test of everything available I will definitely keep this on my short list for dinner.
Need better wine sampler glasses. Way too small to see, smell and taste the wine.  Need to,knock it up a notch if you expect clients to purchase your wine.
Stay away from this restaurant!.  Their food is loaded with grease, fat and soy sauce.  The most disgusting Chinese food I have ever eaten.  The only thing they do well is tape unwanted flyers/menus on resident's doors, no matter how many times you ask them to stop.
had  a waffle and eggs and the waffle was very heavy and doughy.
Worst Arby's I've been to, staff always out by the drive through smoking and chatting with friends, then act put out when you ask them to make a sandwich.
This place was great. Very relaxing and great drinks. We were having a tough time finding a place that was quiet to relax and drink and this place was perfect. We saw a DJ setting up and ended out time here at that point.
called them late in the day .. they got us a car when we needed it .. reasonable rate , and gabby was just the best driver weve ever had ! \n\nhe was very informative and lots of fun ! was a great ride !  \n\nthanks gabby  !!
Best corned beef sandwiches and cheesecake! Del mar deli is a must if you are anywhere near the south point hotel and casino.
Not great service.  Better then average pizza , but it cost a 30% more then the pizza place across the street that is also very good.
Don't do the dolphin show unless you want to pay $30per to watch them.  No-show at all they were just swimming.  I can go to the zoo for that.  Lion and Tiger park Ok.  Sigfreed and Roy showed up which was better but normally they are\nNot there.
Great location but the food is mediocre. Really nothing special.  Ever since they renovated it (which is a lot larger) the quality of the food has decreased.
I was hoping to get a few classes out of the way this summer, and wow... Did I have to work hard- to get INTO the classes that is. This school is by far the most disorganized and unmanaged place in the world. Thanks PVCC!!!!!!
The worst hotel I have ever stayed in the States! Avoid this hotel if possible. They have all kinds of hidden fee and charge. Extremely disappointed and unsatisfied!! If I can I will rate it as -5.
Fantastic service and food!  I have been here twice and would go again.
They really need to add some staff. Each time I stop at this one it seems to take an usually long time. Add the fact that when I get an iced coffee here, hair doesn't start growing on my chest as it does when I order it at other locations. Boo.
Essen war sehr gut. Das Preis-Leistung-Verh\u00e4ltnis stimmt auch. Ich denk, wir werden wieder hin gehen, wenn uns nach Thai ist.
Very tasty and good variety. I would rated a little higher but for vegetarian cuisine this was expensive.
This place is a fun place to go if your looking for a place to play basketball, run, or do something on the field. I often go here with my fiends it's a great place to go for fun.
It only takes one bad experience, food poisoning in 2011... it was more painful than the time I ate tacos from a street vendor taco stand in Queretaro Mexico.\n\nI did eat there a couple times with no ill effects, and never had problems with Cains on the other side of town.
Standard chain mexican food. I am partial to gut-busting taco shops I guess. Good service although the place always has tons of cars out front every time I pass.
The pho soup base is really good, no MSG, tastes fresh. The panang curry pork lunch special was not bad too, wished more rice comes with it but the pork was not as soft as expected. Definitely be back
Plywood now covers the door.\nNo more canned sauce.\nThe world is a better place.
Ate there for first time,.and had the runs all night, dont think i will go back, titos revenge!!
Seriously awesome. The burgers are wood fired and have many different styles. Great place for a quick lunch but also a good place to watch a game and down some burgers & beers
These guys have nice clean bathrooms and are convenient to the bars up the street if you're grossed out by the bathrooms at the bars. Also, even if you're just in the casino to use the restrooms, they don't hassle you. But they sure do make a weak vodka tonic.
4-stars for the cheap lunch specials, excellent service, and being the Thai eatery closest to UNLV Student Union.
Great food, bad management and service. Get take out!
This is my revised rating after conversations with an owner that is interested with his customer's satisfaction.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
I loved this restaurant. From the ambiance to the menu to the food and especially the check -- huevos ranchero and coffee under $9 -- it was all great. I'll be back.
This is a must-see when you go to Vegas. It's as spectacular as it always looks when they show it in the movies. You have to go see it both during the day and at night so that you can get the full on experience!
Similar to subway, jimmy johns, it's a chain.  No chain should get above a 2 in my opinion.  The ordering system is lame.  The sandwiches are normal for a chain.\n\nThe selection of vegetables is pretty thin.  It's a lousy sub that mushes in your mouth.
killer pancakes!!!!
This place is aight.  It's similar to any decent chain restaurant around.  The beer got mixed reviews from my dining companions (I don't drink beer that's promoted as \"high quality\").  One really enjoyed it and another compared the blonde to \"Andrew Hume's asshole\".
By far the best pizza I have ever had. Only down side on my visit was that there were two family groups who sat their children at tables away from them...the noise was horrific.
I believe this place was fairly new.  I had the Yum Tom, Pad Thai Shrimp and an ice coffee.  \n\nThe food was good and the service was fine.  The place was completely empty at 6 however this may be due to the liquor license pending at that time.
The food is super yummy and the staff is super sweet...
Now this is Vegas!! I just walked up and down and ate dinner at a restaraunt but the street shows and all the lights are awesome sauce! I think it is something everyone has to go see when they visit!
The fourth time I have been there for family gatherings and have been there for lunch and dinner. Food is good, as it is a chain restaurant.  Service is good. Above average food for a chain.
Pool league night on Wednesday.  It had a nice crowd.\n\nMixed drink was strong this time. . .dunno know if it was an extra pour or what.  Younger, trendy crowd.
Not a big fan. Chipotle and Baja fresh are a lot better.
I was expecting some fun, good service? I was expecting something! Too crowded. Stupid ass sign in the front for dress code. What is that about? This place is too much of a dump to have a dress code.
The food was absolutely amazing here. The wait for the food, however, was a bit disappointing. The staff was super friendly, they just need to hire a few more people.
Been searching for a good soul joint since moving to CLT. Unfortunately, the search continues. The food, the portions (fish, in particular), for the price...leaves much to be desired.
Fail burger,  13 $ for a burger fries and coke?, a 15 min wait only to find out they gave my order a way . a half hearted apology from the frycook who is either high or drunk. The manager and staff seem like they rather be somewhere else
Unfortunately wife is a vegetarian so it makes it VERY hard for me to go to BBQ places...not too many side dishes without meat for her :(  Brisket is YUMMY!  Only problem is that this place isn't much of a secret!  It gets PACKED!!!
Colleague found bug in her soup while we were having lunch we picked up from there. Enough said.
This place is a complete disaster. The lady who cut my hair clearly did not want to be working there. She did a terrible job on my hair. She was incredibly rude also, very arrogant.  What a complete waste of money. If you want good customer service & a decent haircut, do not come here!!!!!!
I felt every emotion during this show. I don't think you would even have to be a Beatles fan to get into it. Well worth the money!
Great place, have gone 5 times now. Never disappointed by the sample plater. My husband loves the chopped brisket. The key is the sides. Best creamed corn in town! Love that stuff.
If your looking for fun place to go w/ your family and want to get some exercise... This is the best place to go... We took the kids on Sunday and they had so much fun... You must go and enjoy the dodge ball game...
A nice place to hang out and get a bite to eat.  Plenty of TVs to watch sports and live bands on some nights.  Nice outdoor patio with big windows that open up to the bar area.  And the owners usually come to your table to say hello.  Go on Tues & Thurs for $1.50 domestics.
Today I had a chicken teriyaki bowl and it had the worst chicken in it- that I have ever had. The food was cold. Low grade gristley meat- made this disgusting.
Pretty good place for young kids
Awesome drinks! You must try the Yellow Jacket, it was my personal favorite! The bartender Emily is great, very friendly and fun to chat with! She made our drinks just perfectly, and we tried nearly half of their specialty drinks. Highly recommended, especially if you are staying at Palms or Palms Place.
If you're looking for a good cheese pizza this is not the place. The dough taste like cardboard.  I'm sure the other items are good, but it's not a good place for New York natives.
This place is kinda dangerous.  i usually get a hot fudge sundae with caramel and nuts and a chili cheese tator tots with ketchup, onion, and tobasco sauce.  i know, totally weird combo but it works for me.  Delish! and they are open till midnight.
What can I say, I have enjoyed other Joe's; BUT the wait staff seemed to feel is was more important to place the chairs on the table next to us and clean them as we ate. not the first time they have done this.....not the entertainment Joe's is known for
I love Next Door and my Realtor Randi!  Not only did she help me buy my investment home, but since Next Door does property management she helped me get a renter & now she manages the property for me too!
Extremely overpriced, for so so pizza.  I took my family there for lunch.  3 pizzas and an Ice tea, with tip $79.  The pizza is maybe a medium size and nothing to write home about.  There are much better pizza places for a whole lot less money.  I would not go back and would not recommend.
PI believe I am a show time aficionado. This was so boring. Have been to every show on strip. Yawn won't go again.
I had an early dinner here tonight of Fish and Chips.  This is a standard Las Vegas old school coffee shop.  Service was quick and very friendly.\n\nFood was good - not great but tasty and good portion size.  The price was good.  I'll be back when I'm in the area,
Reasonably priced food and located in the miracle mile mall in Planet Hollywood. Express lunch meals are a great option if you want to sit and relax just enough to get out and about! The photo people in there a pretty pushy though... Decline the photo to avoid the upsale
Great place....... EXCEPT........only Bud products. They really need to get Old Style & Miller products too.
By far the worst manicure I got. The lady named yen hates doing nails she complained about her back hurting and having arthritis in her hands . She kept pushing my hand in the dryer got red all on the sides of my fingers and the polish kept wrinkling
Food? Delicious? Korean? Yeah right. This place serves the most disgusting food. Its not food for humans, its food for dogs!!! !!!.....
Dr. Wong was excellent. Very nice, helpful, and informative when it came to my eye exam. Explained every exam, explained issue I had with my eyes, and I left feeling a lot better bout my eye issue. Staff is also very nice.
Great place for a taro snow ice with any topping that you want..its got a cute theme as their name is named after a bear.. just a great place to grab a quick dessert
Really nice property with spacious and clean rooms, amazing outdoor space with 2 inviting pools! And when you factor in $50 bucks/night on Priceline, it's murder I tell ya!
I love this place crepes are delicious and. There boba is great never had a bad experience in the couple years I been going
Great location, friendly staff, knowledgeable.
Have lunch here often. Great decor. Spot on service and possibly the best sushi in town.
Originally came for the small grocery store, but ordered Kababs to go on my way out. Excellent! I've found my Mediterranean restaurant.
Eclectic, foodie, trendy -- all in a good way.  With excellent artwork and outdoor seating.
Authentic Mexican food, fast service, it gets busy in here but we caught it on a good night. All kinda of meats. Nachos and homemade salsa are great!
While this place has great ambiance, I won't be back. I really have had better tasting vegetarian food elsewhere :(
Love their brunch menu and awesome baked goods! The icing on their cupcakes are to die for!! Very cute little cafe on Butler street.
Not bad...not good. We had food voucher so it was worth it to me.
Love this place for what it is..Seedy yes, Cheap..Yes but its the low end of vegas . seen a young kid win 5k here..
Not that great of a buffet.  Not much selection of food over the weekend.  Weak in fruit and desert selections.  Better to go to Wynn or Cosmopolitan (across the street) if you want a good buffet.
Based off the price is why I gave a 3. Ribeye was good but not great. Service was good but food took way too long. Ambiance was very nice, right on the lake between the two restaurants. If you do go get the crab and avocado dip. Too many good choices in Vegas to eat here.
I usually go here for lunch.  The sandwiches are good but overpriced.  However, if you get the brown bag special, then it comes to be a decent price.  The turkey and italian sandwiches are my favorites!
Fun for a beginners
So nice to dine outside. Good service. Good food. Be sure to try the hummus & flatbread appetizer.
Pretty decent pizza. 45 minute delivery time on a Friday night that they kept to. Don't order a salad expecting \"mixed greens\", its romaine.
Horchata is delish! Familiar faces is nice. Pretty good veggie burrito, bomb breakfast burrito, seriously good. Decent prices, but their guacamole could use some work.
This is a great butcher in the mile end area and the staff is also super nice. Also, if you're into coffee, they have great machines and coffee to buy.\n\nAND, the best part, every Friday they get a whole Porchetta, absolutely amazing!
wow! 3 floors and 60,000 sqft of clothing, but for some reason i couldnt find anything i liked today. saddness.
Press start is a gaming center. I was here yesterday and was surprised to hear they have the xbox one and ps4 and all launch titles, which was great cause I was unsure if I should purchase the next gen consoles. I walked in and man the employees are kind and very talkative! Which is good cause they make you feel welcomed!!
I came here a little over a year ago and let's say I won't be going back.. like all the other comments, lots of grizzle. Oh and they also don't wear gloves or wash their hands after handling cash.
Ordered delivery, took about an hour which I was expecting.  Asked for spring rolls without turkey, they had turkey in them.  Smallest portion of peanut sauce.  Ordered the #17 with shrimp, it came with chicken and didn't have any mung beans on top.  Disappointing order.
Poor service. Dry and salty. Greasy sauce. Be sure to check your order despite their assurance for delivery/takeout. They only gave me half of what I ordered and paid for but refused to deliver the rest of the order claiming they don't have driver-even though delivery service is labeled. What a mess!!
This place is great.  You come in for a burrito and leave fully satisfied.  All of the food is fresh- which you've gotta appreciate!!  I highly recommend the fajita burrito or their guac.  Yum :)
This place is pretty cool. Nice atmosphere, good food. I think the pancakes are REALLY good. I've only had a couple of things though. I did not like the bacon waffle because it didn't seem cooked enough. Kinda blah. Overall I look forward to trying this place for L and D too!
They serve excellent Tong Yum noodle soup.
Ok so all the negative reviews made me nervous. Frank was actually better than Blue Man and Criss Angel!  I agree that you need to be at least 30 years old to enjoy it and also enjoy stand up comedy. Wish the tickets were cheaper. It was a good show. The band was great!
Galbi-tang (galbi soup) tastes like non-dairy creamer + water. Absolutely disgusting and when I complained to the owner, he was disrespectful to the point where he pissed off all 4 of us. It will be ridiculous to call this place an authentic Korean restaurant.
Room service disgusting... Never staying here again no robes no fridge and I deff over paid
I have traveled in Mexico and there is nothing  authentic about platanos with ginger dressing or drinks made of obscure ingredients.  They translate Mexican cuisine to mean add upscale sounfing ingredients into staples and ruin it.
This place is now \"Las Americas\" and its Colombian food. It's authentic and the people are nice, but nothing about it really stood out.
Good food, friendly service, and tasty tastes. If and when they ever expand I will send everyone there. Until then, I won't, because I want there to be room enough to sit next to my woman.
Overrated, slow service
Sandwiches are consistently good, ditto salads and soup.  Cookies are sinfully good. Service is usually lacking managerial quality supervision which results in inconsistency more here than other locations. Wi-Fi is a big plus.
Normally only one restaurant in each city will serve xao long bao (soup inside) dumpling. This is the one. Amazing!
I would give this 0 stars if I could. 3rd in line and I have been here over 3 hours. The blonde nurse/Dr takes a 15 minute break between each patient. This is beyond ridiculous.  Oh and they dont take insurance for tb tests.....be prepared to shell out $50 for it.
Happy hour is incredible value. Must try. It will bring you back.\nWife is a high class chef. She said best marinara she has ever tasted.
Amazing show! Funny, awe-inspiring, breathtaking. Get there early for the funny pre-show where they come into the audience and interact. \n\nIf you are staying at the Treasure island Hotel, you get a big discount. And the gift shop is great too... creative duds with the Cirque feel.
Have been here a few times now, diverse menu, great food, and healthy options. Always looking forward to coming back.
- Place seems to be in need of renovations, just kinda run down compared to the Venetian's convention center which seems to be better maintained.\n- Otherwise it's an a-ok convention center with $10/day (with in/out privileges) parking.
Meat, meat, and more meat.  The service picked up from a slow start.  Most appropriate for a pack of males roving the strip, a bachelorette party, or feeding hungry teenagers.  I wouldn't walk very far for this place, but after a long day at a green felt table or sports book, do you really want more?
Ordered the Lady with regular pickles instead of fried (gotta keep it gluten free) and a bratwurst. Yummy!! The chipotle cream cheese sauce drizzled over top gives a little kick and the saut\u00e9ed onions added a little sweet. Delicious!
Does anybody work here anymore? I went here for Christmas shopping and wanted to buy a watch. There were about three other customers all ready to buy a watch but couldnt find anybody working that could help us out.
Love to come here each time I'm in Vegas. Their tortas de asada and sope are my favorite. Lots of meat always. Salsa verde on point. Perfect for midnight food runs. \n\nPlus : drive thru
$50 for a unforgettable buffet? Crab legs aren't very good. The only thing I love about the buffet is the meat station and  the awesome lamb chops. Other than that I think I'm going to stick to studio B
I went here in the afternoon and got a raspberry cupcake & chocolate chip cookie came to $4.29 it was disgusting the worst dried out cupcake & the cookie wasn't good either (how do u mess up a chocolate chip cookie?). Do not recommend at all!
Food was very good and met expectations, but the ordering and queuing system can be a little stressful and confusing when placing and picking up orders.  Stay away from the pretzels because they are horrible.
Overpriced... The rolls kept falling apart and the flavor was not there. The albacore did not taste as fresh as I would've hoped. Definitely had better sushi. Probably wouldn't go back.
This restaurant is amazing! Whatever you get to eat here is going to taste yummy! Also you receive a very nice welcome and goodby when you come and go. Service is great and the staff are friendly and tentative. My favourite drink is the Kiwi Chu with fresh kiwi.
My go-to threading salon! Sara is the best. She's the only person I trust with my eyebrows and she always fills them in when we're through. Highly recommend!!
Went in for lunch early (as it does get busy.)  Ordered the Basil Chicken, 7 hot (but felt more like a 4-5.)  The food was good and the service was quick.  Would definitely recommend and would definitely go again.  I would get the 10 hot next time though.
Terrible. Avoid this crappy food. The service was a little on the creepy attentive side. The meal was overpriced, the salad overdressed, the penne under seasoned, and the theme overblown. I hope to never set foot in this lousy chain again.
I'm a first time patient, the doc was very thorough and took his time, very professional and explained my problem. The  staff were nice as well, helped me solve out my insurance problem. The selection of frames is very nice and high end. I definitely recommend this place!!!
Got my first birkin here and only had to wait like 7 months! Ladies put your name down at this location if you don't wanna wait 2+ years. The hermes in my hometown san diego said I would be lucky if I got one in under 2 years.
We are seeing a variety of crafts. Some are fantastic and some . . . Not so much. I love the environment. It inspires me to be more creative myself. I am loving the organ grinder as well as the female dance troupe. Glad we decided to come downtown and check it out.
Slow service and was not busy.  More expensive than Firehouse and not better tasting.   $6.45 for a 7 inch turkey sub.  $11.95 for 14 inch.  That is before a drink or chips.  Why go?
Sushi is great.  Portions are small.  Price isn't too bad.  Good service.  Good setup.  Doesn't feel like their trying to squeeze as many tables in a small area.
Remember eating here a couple years ago and the pho was really bland. Even though it's the closest pho place to my house, I'd rather make the trip to Pho 68 or De Vangs.
My first stop when I get to Las Vegas!!! I love their Iced Coffee!!!
It was disaster. Bread was hard and burnt. One dish was served and three others waited more than five minutes for their meal. Manager gave a free desert for the service. We thought that was anice gesture until we got our check. Al items were marked up $8.00.can you believe it could be this bad?
The cheesesteak was edible. The service was grumpy. \n\nThis is Oakland we're talking about, so no surprises there. \n\nI give it 2 greasy stale buns out of 5.
The worst experience  of my life. The right hand  doesn't  know what  the left  hand  is doing!
Very poor customer service. Incredibly long wait times. Avoid Scottsdale Healthcare.
Not impressed at all. Drinks take a while. Like a long while. Like when Bigfoot has to get a spa mani pedi. This adventure is going to set you back a few minutes. I've had doctors visits and cable company appointments arrive sooner.
Still in the process suite, freaking amazing. Very roomy, nice big bathroom, and the tub is amazing! Really made my fiance's birthday great. Great location, only a couple blocks from the strip and the staff is really friendly and helpful.\n\nWill be coming back to this hotel.
I have been going to Mona and Michael (husband and wife) owners of Lee's Nails since they opened. They are good, fast, friendly, easy to communicate with, family orientated, professional, clean, reasonably prices Nail and wax establishment. I recommend them 100% with all my heart!
This may be my favorite sandwich spot. I love the fresh pulled turkey meat. Non of that processed mystery meat turkey here. Great place for a quick, tasty lunch.
went to specifically find Ross Fountain. Would to have liked to have seen it with water (I mean, what's the point of a fountain with no water). But, we did get some great photos from there of Edinburgh Castle.
Culver's feels so good going in and going out thanks to their butter burger.
die pizza war f\u00fcr einen D\u00f6ner gut, werd beim nachsten mal den D\u00f6ner probieren. insgesamt lohnt es sich was ich bisher sagen kann.
We've been coming back EVERY week since I first reviewed, totally love this place... but seriously what is up with the outdoor bug infestation?!  One of these days the roaches are just going to pick us and the patio tables up and carry us away...
This show is funny, entertaining and at one point even scary! All in good fun though. The drinks are kind of watered down, but hey, they're free with the purchase of a ticket. I highly recommend this family friendly show!
I love this place! Small, intimate area, almost feels like I'm in japan, eating yummy ramen! Gotta have it with cold sake! Delish!
So here's a Filiberto's update.  After giving them a few days to respond from the corporate office in Phoenix, I emailed them again.  Nothing.  So, I have a BBB complaint in progress against them.  Stay tuned...
I wouldn't recommend getting hair from here. The quilts is not all that great, unless your doing like a quick weave or something. But as far as products and materials they have it all for a good price.
Shittest place ever. When i walked into this bar, no one is answering me. They just let me stand over there and make me feel like stupid. Also the bar is quite small and smoky. Didnt like the experience at all.
confessions of a shopaholic LOVE THIS PLACE. The clothes are in great shape, clean pressed and pristine condition.  The sales are terrici, 75% off NOW on fabulous clothes. All sizes for those without the Barbie look.\nGO GO GO GO
2 stars because i like the food. Service was OK, but none of the employees were happy at all. Also, coming from a chefs view, that place needs a better kept storage system, just saying. Seeing ceaser dressing caked on the pans are NOT appealing.
Fatburger is great not the best, but a great place to hang out and eat. There burgers are very good and there fries is absolutely great.
This restaurant have a lot the flavor and service last time the waitress tell me .can you decide fast because i have others table to service. We just have seat horrible service even the place is not full. Sad sad sad  now  me and my friends  really go skip this place
Visited this restaurant for the first time with my boyfriend and it was awful. The service was very unattentive and slow. We ordered an omelet and egg rolls and it took thirty minutes for our food and we were the only two in the restaurant. And let's not talk about the mixed drinks. Will never go back.
A GREAT show...THANK YOU ASU Marching Band !!
Texas Roadhouse is really good. BBQ pulled pork is one of my fav dishes from them. Chicken critters are also good. Ceaser salad and green beens would be my suggestion for your sides!!
Hands down the best sushi and sashimi that I have ever enjoyed.  Sparkling decor, intimate surroundings, incredible good, attentive service -- it simply does not get better than this!  Worth the drive one mile west of The Palms.
I am not gonna lie.  I don't get the Sprinkles buzz.... I think they are dry, boring, and not worth the money.  My opinion, drive north a few more miles to CupCakes...
Honestly the best ny strip I have had in years    resturants decor outdated but tastey food
This needs zero stars. Where is the management for this place! The customer service is severely lacking , non existent , and why are we put in a position to have to get attention to take our business. PASS!
I'm really glad these tickets were free because I knew it was a dud the first 10 minutes of him going on and on just talking about the whole 'mentalist' background. This show couldn't have been over soon enough, a real disappointment and not at all entertaining. Skip it!
This is the best place to go for your tan, the ladies are super friendly and are great at what they do. I have been coming here for over a year and would highly recommend them. The prices are reasonable and they offer great deals!
The 2 for 1 is not even worth the gas.\n$17.00 for two people seams like a great deal. It wasn't nice people but horrible food.\nWe laughed at a review that said this is that bad well the food was that bad and I paid for it all night.
Awesome food, great atmosphere.  Me and my girls had a blast!!!!
Soupebol is a little above fast food. It'll do in a pinch. It's not great but not bad either.
Pete does not know how to run a proper management company. I was unhappy with the service and needed some explanation. Pete isn't responsive and his tone of voice tells you he is annoyed with you. There are way better property management companies out there.  Ones that actually care about the customer.
The Bellagio's seafood buffet is outstanding. Worth the experience.
Every time I come here they take care of me. Thank you Jason for your hospitality. The food and service is superb.
Our go-to place for Chinese food in the Mesa/Tempe area! We love their Mongolian dishes, vegetable fried rice, kung pao, brown rice, Etc etc! Always great service & amazing prices!
They have tons of colors for you to choose from.  Also, I get gel manicures as well and they have a good color assortment for that too.  I've been going to Denise or if she's not there the owner Tommy is always great too.  I've fallen asleep many times in the massage chair :)
this location was across the street from my hotel so great location.  there wasn't a line for the drive thru so i was helped fast.  will be back.
STAY AWAY! Stay far away! They use unethical contractors, and, when you complain, the boss will call to threaten to drop you from coverage. Go with American Home Shield, instead.
Love this place!  Went there for a late dinner.  Love the bar, love the atmosphere.  Ate off the Tapas Menu....Food was the best!!! The Scallops melted in your mouth! Wine was great...service was great!  Can't wait to go back!
Go and see for your self. Everthing you need and want for your Glock and your self.
Best fries and healthiest hamburger. No need for the cheese. The spread tastes amazing.
First time here last night.  Live jazz combo was great, but the food was just ok and quite over-priced.  Our server was fair at best.
Yum!
It's better than I thought. The room is pretty nicely done and the bed is very comfortable. I guess they did renovation and it has the simple modern style. For staying on the strip that won't break your budget, should definitely consider this hotel.
tasty food, fair price, but not to clean! Descent service.\nTheir live lobster with ginger and scallions is to die for!
Great Food, Great Service, Great Ambiance, Unique Dining experience with 3 separate dining rooms.  The owners are wonderful people and the staff is very knowledgeable.  I would highly recommend  The Blue Taj to anyone who loves Indian cuisine or is an adventurist in there cultural dining endeavors.
Can't really review, as they are not open until 7 pm, as their website states.
Amazing authentic Lebanese food and great service. It is a tragedy that more people don't know about this place. Please go eat there you won't be disappointed. Try the seafood platter and the fatouche salad!
Super easy and quick. Doctor shared lots of information about my eyes and tests. Glasses done in an hour!!
Every time I go to YC''s I always have a great experience. Service is great, food is good, place is always clean! The price is the best because it's not expensive but the food is awesome. Making your own sauces is a fun experience also.
I go to this facility usually 3 nights per week at about 2am and love it. Its jot crowded at all, usually having about 3-5 people in it. I can have the basketball court to myself I wanted and move freely through workout stations.
I'm a big fan of RR but lately I have tasted a burger King like flavor in their burgers, yuck!
Love them but as they have become more busy the waiters are not able to handle the volume.
Very nice,very speedy service.cool atmosphere....nice waitstaff and crew,and the food is hot and served fast
This place is good, but not nearly as good as my friend said it was. Basically it is just a really good hot pocket...
I made the mistake of coming here again. I only have myself to blame. They will never learn how to take care of a car, or how to properly wash one.
Wow! By far the WORST manicure I've ever had!!!!!\nHorrible service. \nDo yourself a favor and go to the nail place next to Pita Jungle. They do a super job and are very courtious and friendly.
Highly recommend Caroline for eyebrow waxing. Nice touch, great attitude, & funny!\n\n(Highly recommend not being Indian if you want to avoid eyebrow waxing.)
I've got to return. I was only able to go to two shops and two floods.. my friend made to the 5th floor before we had to leave. I was only able to scratch the surface of all it had to offer.
Such shame once popular location became a dump so fast. Won't return even they offer free room.
Great for breakfast.  Wonderful treats and bread.
Good specials.\nAverage food.\nPoor service.\nVery crowded even on a weekday in the summer time.
Decent Italian beef sandwiches.  Probably would not be my first choice if I were actually in Chicago, but for AZ, they are alright.  The beef is very tender and juicy, but the au jus seemed to be lacking in taste.
Food is really good.  But, the service is extremely slow. For some reason, they have difficulty with large groups.  Strange for a breakfast and brunch restaurant.  If you have plenty of time and don't mind a long wait, this is definitely a great option.  If you have a group of six or more, call ahead.
How in heaven's name anyone could rate this restaurant above a 1 is beyond me.  Meat quality is definitely low grade.  Avoid at all costs, even though they appear to be low.
Very friendly. I went in looking for minis and Dungeons & Dragons books. I didn't find what I was looking for, but the staff was nice. If I lived closer I might check back again.
The only reason this restaurant is getting two stars is because of their great outdoor patio.  Otherwise the food wasn't very good and the service was very poor.  However, I think this restaurant has potential they have a good menu if they could get someone to cook the items well.  I will return, but probably just for a drink on the patio.
I absolutely LOVE their strawberry cheesecake blizzard... Everytime I go everyone that works there looks pissed off like they hate their job... Customer service is about NEGATIVE 5! but the ice cream is +5
Been here about 5 times and walk out saying, \"I LOVE THIS PLACE!\" Seriously, if you like Indian Food, you'll love Origin India. The Atmosphere is nice, the decor leans towards contemporary as well as the music. Great spot for a date night!
Front desk ladies are very rude and the gentleman that is always there is very strange.  I live up the street and it was convenient to take my child there, but next time, I will go somewhere else.  RUDE STAFF!
The clerks saw me waiting on the drive thru but they kept me waiting for 10 minutes before they acknowledge me! There wasn't any other cars before me and I had a bunch behind me. I was late to pick up my son!
We've been bringing our Scottie & our long coated Shih Tzu here for awhile now. They always do a wonderful job & my dogs look great! Thank you Lone Mountain!!!
Amazing vegan lunch. General Tzo's chicken was super. Shrimp and broccoli was really good. One slight ding for wontons just a bit overcooked, but still tasty. Super nice service and menu laid out to mimic meat based foods made it easy for this mostly vegetarian to order.
I am giving James Street Speakeasy two additional stars.  One of the owners Adam took the time to comment on my review and I appreciate that kind of involvement.\n\nHell maybe I will try back just not on a Sunday if I want steak!
Technician had a speech prepared. Bait and switch, trying to sell unneeded repairs. Jerks.
A great place to find deals on good clothes. This location is not as organized - or clean - as some others, but it is decent and has awesome deals. I have no issues shopping here.
Freaking delicious! Not too spicy,good portions, so good that we went for seconds and bypassed all the other food trucks. I know what I like, and I like Kaba Curry. Go get some!
This place has a bunch of beers on tap and provides a great view of the casino below you, which is my favorite part about it. We didn't stay long but it was a cool place to hang out in between gambling. Worth stopping by for a drink or two.
I find the prices have really gotten out of hand at F&E.  After my last visit and the unfriendly employee (not the first time), I don't think I will be back.
Great burger, good service. I sat at the bar so everything was prompt. Music a bit loud, but nice ambiance otherwise.
I've been coming here for a few years now, mainly for cat litter. The workers are very helpful,  but I had a bad experience with banfield, they over vaccination my dog and he almost died.
Started off at the outdoor swapmeet and is now a nice little restaurant. Good quality food and restaurant is in the same style as el gordo. Good if you want to avoid the crowds that's always at el gord
Good food and good service. Will definitely go back.
Great environment with good service and excellent pizza.. Reasonably priced with indoor and outdoir eating including a full bar.From the salads to pizza excelkent food. A popular restaurant and for good reason..A++
Very happy to have found this store. Talked with Tim, and found him very willing to answer my questions about dripping. Also glad to find a very well set up and we'll stocked shop.
I wanted a good burger and got it here. It was cooked to order. Staff were nice....not jerks and not trying to rush you or pressure you. I really liked the onion rings and options for your burger.
Recommend. Very busy but worth the wait.
Very expensive, but very, very awesome. Extensive winelist, attentive waiters, delicious food, great mood lighting, wonderful location. I will definitely be going back.
I went there tonight to get some cupcakes.  Even though I thoroughly enjoyed the cupcakes, I give this place a one star because of the woman behind the counter.  She was rude and dismissive, and makes me never wanting to go back no matter how much I like the cupcakes.
The chicken is very moist, however the flavor is just so-so.\nI probably won't go back.
Must try the MadSconie burger. The bloody Mary's are like a meal. Love love this place.
Would love to see them offer healthy options.  Whole wheat pasta, salads with lite dressings and more vegetarian vegan options would be great!   The biscuits with sausage gravy, shake and bake pork, double stuffed potatoes and pizza are great, but will kill you eventually.
Food was NOT good. Of all of the sushi places we've been to in town, this was by far the lowest quality. We walked in and it was extremely hot, as if it's not hot enough in Vegas..the service was slow even with only one other table in the restaurant. Not going back..
m u l t i b a l l ! ! ! ! ! ! !
So it is 12:30 in the morning and there are 14 people ahead of me in line and 4 more behind.  I could except this much easier if there was more than one Hertz employee working.\n\nI will never rent a car from Hertz again
Very friendly service at the drive thru!! 48 degrees out side, I'm ordering a large chili!
Great Mexican food, and the servings are very large so bring your appetite,  ps \" great ice tea \"
Guacamole is made at the table half assed server is rushed and unpleasant. If  I wanted shitty guacamole I could of made it at home for alot cheaper very disappointed I will never go back and it was super expensive for shitty guacamole
Not so good. The asian employees do not speak much, except to each other guy I had acted like he didn't understand english. Very old polish and not many colors to choose from. they play annoying lifetime movie channel on tv. Very dusty.
Great iced coffee! Cold brewed?... Works for me.
Not much to say about TBS, except that it's awesome!  Been here twice now...super nice and clean facility, very welcoming and friendly staff, excellent prices. Ask for Stacey, she's fantastic!
Located at one end of the Miracle Mile Shops.   Plenty of seating and lots of help behind the counter.   You can look out into the pool area during the day.
Surprisingly good Chinese food!\n\nI like the Xiao Long Bao.  Each XLB was juicy and very meaty.
YC's is one of my favorite lunch places! It's very filling, delicious, and I enjoy their selections for your bowl. This location is always clean and the staff is friendly.
Food was good, as was the service. Romantic ambience and the live entertainment was awesome, guy sings Sinatra and other requests.
What can I say....I like their buffet.  Baron of beef!, cream puffs....
it was my husband & I's first time here to see the garden, its really beautiful I didn't think it it would be so amazing just being desert. if you walk slowly you can catch a lot of different animals. we can't wait to go again.
This is a really interesting vintage toy store. If you like toys old or new, stop by and browse. It's right by the Fremont Street Experience and is a good place to take a breather, too.
I always order online which is so easy on convenient.  My order is alway ready when I get there.  My order is always fresh and accurate.  The taste is much better than the competitors.
Nicer thrift store, many items to choose from, they got rid of there 99 cent days, and half price/99 sent colored tags. not too much junk. overall a trip worth while, especially for cloths! ;)
Crowded, Overpriced, Snobby people. Complete waste of time, energy and money.
Los Tacos is authentic mexican food!!!  loved love love it:)\nFab late night snack!
Great service. Quality of fish is excellent. Nice ambiance. The only thing that would've made the experience better is traditional Japanese rather than easy listening piano. Service is spot on.
The fish was fresh and the service was excellent. This was not my first time here but my first checkin with Yelp.
Dropped in unexpected and they didn't have an opening. Booked one for Saturday though!!! Looking forward to a great massage! If the therapist are as professional as the receptionist I should be very satisfied. Calf pain your time is coming to an end!
Open To early to review. Had coffee and friendly staff
Coffee is okay.  Crepes were cold.  The overall setting is not per code.  Not sure how they managed to get a Certificate of Occupancy.  Health rating and Occupancy not posted.  Overall felt thrown together on a serious budget.
The food isn't nasty, but it's not worth the time or effort, and it requires both.  The food is cafeteria quality and assembly line style.  \n\nIt might have been cute and interesting before, but it's now not worth the upset stomach.
Excellent food and service.  However, food was cold to luke warm and served on cold plates.  Need to heat the plates and bring the food to a very high temperature before serving especially when it's 20 degrees outside.  Take a note from the Belgians.  They know how to do it very well.
While this place wasn't BAD per se, for having Scottsdale real estate and Sushi... I wouldn't go back there. The service was great! I've just had much tastier sushi!
Just had an amazing lunch, and now can't wait to see the cardinals on all these tv's!
This is one my favorite lunch or dinner stops in Phoenix. The menu is loaded with great food. I can never resist the artichoke spinach dip!!\n\nMy new favorite dish is the grilled chicken sandwich.
Fabric is priced cheap but you have to inspect it for imperfections/stains. I get frustrated with how messy the store is. Also don't like that there is no restrooms, I have to take my kid cross the street.
Great place to hang out especially on the weekends, but sometimes it's very hard to get into if you don't either live/stay there or have a table reserved.  Have fun waiting in line if neither of those applies to you.
great tasting food, nice\\friendly service.....no negatives at all, had a great time, food was excellent...the smell around us from other customers food was out-of-this-world.\npasta dishes were great,salmon dish excellent...
Bartenders are not attentive unless a customer(not me) hits a royal. Three work a shift and cannot handle less than 25 customers.  Also cannot deal with players cards.  Took over 30 mins to get one.. Then  misplaced the next time we go in and we have to get another one. Not organized.
Build your own bloody Mary bar complete with peppers and bacon. Salmon hash for me and a Kobe burger for the wife. Everything was delicious, can't wait to go back.
Great lunch spot that we frequent quite a bit. The calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect. No frills with this place, just simple and good food.
This place gets five stars for the customer service alone! They are always on point, happy and friendly. The service is quick and the espresso beverages are quite delicious. Try the Iced Cocomo.. Add an extra shot!
A little bit salty for me, but the soup well complements the noodles. Choices on the menu are very limited. You can get ramen and rice and fried dumpling and nothing. However, if you like the ramen, it's s very good deal. A bowl of ramen is plus tax around 8.
Doooooiiiive!  Great place to belly up next to bikers/tweakers/truck drivers.  But I digress, who am I to judge?
I love Cartel. So I have been there multiple times. Love their coffee and pastries. Love love the environment, so non-cheesy and lots fun.
Horrible pharmacy drive-thru service and customer service. After waiting in the outside lane while 4 cars drove through the inside lane, I asked them if I should not use the outside lane any more, and I got attitude from   the pharmacist. Needless to say, won't be going back here any time soon.
This show exceeds all expectations. My husband and I were both blown away. The choreography and visual effects are super. I was teary eyed several times throughout the performance as it was so mind blowing and MJ was truly one of a kind. I recommend this to anyone who likes music. It is an uplifting show and a must see!
Dick's is not the average restaurant, which makes it so unique. The service is like no other; they are rude, ignore you and throw your utensils at you. If you have a sense of humor this place is great and the food is great. I recommend dicks to those who are up for a new dinning experience.
Wife and daughter ate here and got food poisoning. They had the shrimp lo mein. Beware!
Sale items are much cheaper than Lee Lee Supermarket, but quality of produce is not as good.\n\nLee Lee's meat department also looks cleaner.\n\nGood variety, similar to Lee Lee.
While the facilities are nice the prices are not. Everything I needed was on average $1 more than Smith's and Smith's in not the cheapest either. Only shop here if you have coups!
I'd like to review Grilled Addiction's food, but the wait was so long that I never got to eat it. Food trucks are supposed to be fast. Limit the menu, speed up the service. Also, the truck ran out of ice in its first hour of operation. Fail.
Had a spicy chicken and sweet potato hash benedict that was spicy but calmingly sweet in balance.  Everything was spicy but not \"ruin your day\" kind of spicy.  The server was a little off on people skills but for the most part very friendly.
Great food, great ambiance, great service.  A winner.
Cookies.
Great little hole-in-the-wall type place. Sandwiches are wonderful, especially the Carolina Turkey Club.
The Entree that we (group of 4) had was very good, but the Hot Chocolate Lava Cake was not what it was hyped up to be and what I thought was included with my meal was an extra charge. If you want a dessert latte go to McDonalds.
Wow people in this store are rude. I was in there exactly 2 minutes and was shocked at how rude the print lady was.  Not gonna go there again.
I can't really compare it to anything.  It was my first time trying boba it was tasty. Going to try the halo halo special next time I stop in.
This theater is pretty standard for Regal.  Employees are nice, snacks are fresh, and the theaters themselves are pretty clean. \n\nOne of my standby theaters.  :)
Came to see one of our favorite bands play, Mike Easterday Band, and this is my first time here. I'm with my friends and this place is AMAZING!!! Love the set up and that it's family friendly. Food and drinks are fantastic! Definitely coming back!!!!
The items in this store are more expensive to those of other 7-11s.  This location is attached to the Doubletree hotel so maybe that would explain higher priced merchandise.  It does seem like tourist prices. \n\nAlso they do not carry fresh bananas.
Pho... Good. It was decent since the place was opened 24 hours. Not bad for 4am pho.
So glad to have an authentic coffee shop walking distance from our office! Great, open floor plan with a killer atmosphere. This will definitely be my friends and my new favorite place to head to for a coffee break. Welcome to the neighborhood, Sip!
I love this place, I just wish the prices were a little lower so that I could go more often. The quality is escellent and the portions are a good size.
Round table had a pretty decent lunch buffet reasonably priced at 6 bucks the only down fall was they would lag on keeping fresh pizza available. Went there again last week and they raised the price and now it doesn't include a drink. For about $ 10 now I think I'll pass.
Everything I could want for $3.
Closed! I drove by this location today (June 2014), and was sorry to see the building fenced off and the signs removed. Guess it's closed for good. Too bad, the cheese curds were yummy and the custard was delish!
The service was horrible and the slowest I've ever experienced. I won't be back.
Haven't tried their pizza yet but I do love the pasta shells and meatball.  The side order is big enough for a meal for one. The atmosphere is casual, open, and airy. The staff is friendly and the location is ideal; near movie theater and shopping.
The food is killer. The service always sucks. Always. I keep coming because I love the grub but every time I come here the people working have terrible attitudes.
So Indie its going to make me drive to Tempe lol Love the vibe here. Reminds me of The Jamaican Blue that use to be in Scottsdale. Good mix of a crowd, indie, punk, 70s sounds. Its great
Our first time visit today. Food was very good and service was great. !
Place is absolutely beautiful. They spent a lot of money building this new mall. I think the stores are lacking being in Summerlin I figured the higher end stores would be at this location, so all of us locals can avoid the strip! Maybe in due time!!!
Mediocre. \nNot somewhere I would go out of my way to eat at OR avoid.\nThe fruit was fresh and tasted great. The sandwich was adequate. \nThe service was proficient. Not much else to say.
Sales people are snobby and act like you know nothing about dance. I despise going here to get dance gear.
So great, $35 and you wouldnt believe the service. By far the best.
I had a Gold reservation but arrived to find my name was not on the board. I waited in line with a dozen other livid Gold members and was then offfered a mini-van or to pay extra for an upgrade. If I gould give Hertz a zero I would.
DO NOT TRUST THEM!\n\nWay over priced and will jack on a bunch of services you don't need.
Service was just adequate with a very nice but strange waitress.\n\nFood is also, again, just adequate.  Some dishes are good, others bland.  \n\nOverall I probably won't go back; there are just too many better options in Madison.
Not impressed at all.  The service was crappy and the food was medi-ocre.\nI got the carnita's omelet and Black Bear Diner beat this one hands down. This was my first visit...and my last.
This was my first time eating here.... I told the cashier that it was my first time and asked for assistance with the most popular meal.  The customer service here was terrible and I had to pay for two separate orders to complete my meal. The food was decent, but not worth the price.
Lineup always moves very fast if there is one, amazing food, huge portions, good prices. The coffee is good. The eggs are always amazing unlike a lot of places. And the service is incredible once you are seated your coffee mug will not go dry.
Nice and easy, easy and nice.  That's how it should go.  That's how it went.  All of the staff were genuine in their greeting and offers for assistance.  They did a great job.  Working in an airport must be challenging and frustrating, but these guys and gals were pros.
Have had amazing meals here. Lobster Bisque is as good as it gets.
Loved the pulled pork sandwich!! This is a terrific family owned, neighborhood BBQ shop! I could eat there every day of the week!!
Service was great!  I specifically went there for the hash browns and unfortunately they must have been sitting there all day. They weren't fresh that's for sure.  However, chicken was fresh and to die for.
For the price, I expected better food and drinks. Coffees just alright, I make better espressos at home..
The only place to buy a Volkswagen . A pleasure doing business with them. We dealer with Jeff K in sales. He made it easy. The customer service from him was exceptional.\nThank you,\nKimberlee and Mark S.
I was hungry after checking into Circus Circus.  All you can eat pork ribs or prime rib option sounded good.  After one plate of ribs, I was full.  The prime rib seemed okay.  The server was barely there.  I just wanted to call it a day at this place and finish my hunger with some gambling.
The worst experience with car rental company. .they have only one representative I had 5 people before me and I waited for 2 hours to get the car rental. ..if u could I was give them 0 syar
They changed the Mac and cheese recipe and now it taste terrible. It used to be my favorite thing here, so it's extremely disappointing to see this. Edit: They apologized and offered me a gift card, so they do seem to care.
amazing broth. i came here after a night out at XS. and bloody hell, one of the best phos I've EVER tasted, not just because i was semi intoxicated. such a rich aromatic broth.... good portions of meat... AHHHH i need to go back.
Dotty's is terrific. Not only are the burgers arguably the best in Madison, the restaurant itself is warm, cozy and inviting. A class-act burger bar.
Terrible customer service, they told me my order would be ready on Friday and I never heard anything until the next Tuesday. Can't trust them.
Don, the bartender in the hotel bar, is a delight for any out of owner.  Very clean, nice ambiance.
K-cup at home= Essence quality of coffee at fraction of cost. Next time you're ordering a latte watch their method- they use a machine from Dillard's, the end result is BAD NEWS. Pastries good, coffee . . NEVER AGAIN!
Travelocity= Frustration and Grey Hair! \n\nSpent almost 5 hours speaking with 5 different customer service reps in INDIA, trying to cancel my reservation. They answer your questions from the book and not by the situation.
Great place to eat inexpensive Chinese food and the wait staff are very friendly!
Awesome ! I did not expect to have such a pleasant experience at a tire place. They were helpful anf quick. Every one was smiling and said hello. Great service. And they match any price.
This place is below average. There isn't really anything they do very well, the place seems older than the rest of the town on the inside, and the buffet is the epitome of mediocrity. I'd rather go to Panda Express, and that makes me sad.
Service, atmosphere and food are all excellent.  Would return again.  Beef Wellington was superb.
My sister and I went here and it was great. She had the crab stack and I had the lucious fish tacos.I went back again and my husband had the fish and chips and I had the halibut special. Again just wonderful. Place is pretty and service was friendly. Plus they have valet parking!
Go here. Eat everything.
Expensive and crowded\nI'd rather much go to the supermarket and buy frozen yoghurt than go to menchies.
Very good food and excellent service.....You pay for what you get and that said the extra is soooo worth it.
I tried there 2 kabob special 1 lamb 1 beef it was the worst I ever had the rice even taste horrible first time in my life I threw away that much food. It wasn't even worth taking home . Don't eat there
I bought a filet-o-fish and asked for a large cup of ice. They charged me $1 for a cup of ice...fail!
Great service.  Great food.  There were 20 people waiting.  We were sat in 10 minutes.
So the place is 80% empty late on a Sunday afternoon but the hostess feels that she has to seat everyone next to each other.  It's not about the wait staff... It's about the customers!
lots of eating place within walking distance. When we got tired, we just went back to the hotel room to rest. The rooms were spacious and clean, beds were comfortable and it was quiet. The hotel was conveniently located to access the freeway to all the CA attractions we drove to.
Worst bar tenders in Charlotte. Inefficient, rude, and mess up a simple orders. I ordered 3 beers and ended up with 3 shots of Fireball. I told her I ordered 3 Two Hearted Ales, she left and I never got my beers even after a bar back told her I was still waiting for my order.
If you don't mind standing in line for an hour because of lack of organization and then eating subpar bake goods, this place is for you.
Decent sushi but small portions. Good variety of rolls. Hole in the wall. I would return.
This shopping mall is convenient. There is a Torrid and a Sees. Plus, the food court has a Hot Dog On The Stick.
vegan vegas burger is pretty good here! buttttt the best part was the skinny fries *drool* i love fries!!!
We were in the store for over 20 mins.  Not one employee come to greet us or to ask if we needed some help.  There is just too much stuff for the size of the store.  I agree with Tracy, I feel like a rat trapped in a maze.
No credit cards or ATM? Awful tease. Get with the times
Overrated unless you like lots  if food.  Seems to be more of a novelty to eat there.  I wouldn't go back.  The \"M\" buffet is a much better value for lunch.
best apple experience ever! Super quick and easy. I had a broken screen and was given a brand new phone under warranty. Byrd is the best, very friendly and knowledgable !!
Venue is clean, and has good amount of both indoor and outdoor seating.  There is a drive through.  Service is friendly.  Food is good - pretty much on par with other similarly priced Mexican restaurants.
What's not to like about The Boulders... From the moment you drive onto the property, you know this place is special... as long as you like secluded and scenic desert.  I do.  The restaurants and both golf courses are memorable, and the staff is exceptional.  The Boulders is as good as it gets.
This place is well worth the drive from anywhere in the valley, it's a welcoming spot for all, very laid back and plenty of seating. with excellent brews and menu it's easy to understand why so many of us locals love this place.
This place is always busy and I understand they are busy but every time I ordered they take ten or more minutes.  And they miss an ingredient I liked their sub but all the wait and missing ingredients isn't worthwhile.  Also the cashiers aways leave the area when I am about to order to do something else. Horrible
Blackened shrimp fettuccine was delicious!! I like the warm focaccia bread too, not many restaurants serve it. Service was great. Beautiful view of the Las Vegas Airport... seriously!!
Dispatcher was incredibly rude. But it's a tow company, no surprise there. Pulled up in our cab as the tow truck was pulling in with my car. Didn't even park my car on their lot and charged me $300!! What a scam!
Placed an order to feed 4 hungry grandkids and myself.  Ordered HOT wings and two pizzas. The delivery was super fast and order was hot and delicious. Howie's is my pizza and hot wing place from now on.
WTH?!?!?, Very disappointed, been coming here for years, they changed the pizza recipe and it's really bad!  Was this a fluke, or did LGO just get too big and forget what was important?
Authentic Malaysian food! Price is good, food is good. Plus it looks like a family-owned small business...I like the fact that my money may go towards a little boy's education.
Great food and atmosphere. Except the macaroni and cheese was a little cold. The hostess was not at the stand for a noticeable time and had us waiting.
Fresh produce. \nCheap prices.\nFriendly staff.
Amazing rooms with great views. We stayed on the 29th floor in a gorgeous King suite. Hotel was clean. Room service was fast and tasted amazing. Check in and check out was quick. No complaints although there is no wifi connection in the hotel.
Huge and beautiful, but full of old farts and uncaring Catholics, many of whom won't even shake your hand during sign of peace.  A joke of a Catholic \"community\".
Russian rye rules!!! Good morning wake up on a cold winter's morning.
Great place for men's haircuts. For the same price as a barbershop, I got a stylist quality haircut from Adam, the owner...a very likable regular guy from Chicago.
I've eaten an both this location and their Scottsdale location as well.\nI'm always happy with their food and drinks. Service is great.
we were hoping for more of a sushi restaurant but this is much more of a fish restaurant.  the sushi was good but the nigri was expensive compared to other places we have been.  with all the other choices out there - we probably won't be back.
Great decor. Music was good if you like dance music. Prices were so so I guess for a big city bar @ 6.50 a Capt diet
Love the food here.  Love this place!!!
Excellent, diverse selection of vitamins. Staff has classic vitamin/sales training, so take advice with grain of salt.  Consult someone who knows how to get your vitamins from real food first. However, sometimes you need vitamin support. For what the store is, they're excellent. Could be improved with more raw and whole food vitamin selections.
Registers were down so I had to wait 5 mins til they re booted I was told to take a seat and I would be thr first customer helped. The line built back up and I was told to go to the end of the line.... so I walked to the roasted bean in Aria
Probably the best buffet in Nevada.  Excellent selection to satisfy anyone's taste.  It' taste even better if your meal is comped.  M Resort is a great place to eat, play and stay.  \n\nIf you're a member of their players club you get seated faster and have VIP Seating.
The place itself is nice, service OK. Their garlic knots are pretty good but pasta not and pizza blah. I find their food dry and tasteless. The only was I would choose their food is if it was for free and even then that is a maybe.
Came in 10/27/2012. Great peeps in here. Wonderful selection of brews. I'll be back for sure. Go Niners!
Food is okay, but WORSE SERVICE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!! The management sucks, as well as the servers. Also the place is veryyyy dirty. I would not eat there!!!!!!!
Decent food but nothing special. The workers there were friendly but a little too laid back. All we ordered was one calzone and one pasta dish. They took forever and a day to bring out our food
What a great find! Imagine a Dickey's-style BBQ joint but local/downhome. Great pricing for the LARGE portions of amazing food you get. Love the hush puppies - they have a kick. The spudtastic was crazy good. Ignore the strange placement of this establishment and GO!
This family own restaurant seems to have everything you can think of on their menu.  I love having their baked chicken with dressing and gravy that is on their Thursday's special. I am never disappointed! Their breakfast here is also very enjoyable. The staff is friendly and service is always fast!
A lot of dishes are almost flavorless. Like others have mentioned their curries are almost embarrassing.   Large menu so I'd imagine there are some decent dishes but overall pretty blah.  One standout is their soups.
Sorry, monsieur Gagnaire, I really wish I loved Twist but I just don't get it. Maybe I'll visit your other restaurant in Paris ( not the one in Vegas of course. )
How long should it take to make a burger? I went there for lunch on a Sunday.  It took almost an HOUR to get our food...and the restaurant wasn't even busy! Crappy Service, the burger was nothing special, and way overpriced.  Don't waste your time!
This place is awesome!! Beautiful girls, exceptional service and a full fledged party every time I've gone. I've been 3 times and plan to go many more.
You can't understand a word the lady says through the drive through. Great food
I am not a huge fan of the Le Drugstore. A multi -level gay pub in the village.\nI do sometimes like the large roof deck or outside patio which is nice. \nIt never seems to be \"busy\" always just a few people hanging out and drinking pitchers of Molson.
I've been here twice now, and both times have been great. They actually make the food spicy when you ask for it and it tastes authentic. I've had the panang curry and the papaya salad, both of which have been fantastic. I can't wait to try their pad thai next time
Good happy hour prices. Vegas roll here is delish and so is there pizza.
We have our Christmas party here every year and every year it is good food and good service. A bit crowded but given the establishment size that Is not the restaurant's fault.
Great NY style pizza. Really good sauce and quality toppings. However, ours lacked a bit on the quantity of toppings and we'd like to have a few more shrooms and sausage on our pizza in the future.
I have driven by this place hundreds of times and never stopped, until this week. It's your typical neighborhood bar, but with the nice addition of a varied menu with good choices. I think there is something for everyone.  I can't complain. Not the best I gave had, but not horrible. I would definitely go back.
Prices are great, but the quality isn't the best. you have to pick threw on a few items to find something fresh
The bartender screaming the f-word was an instant turn-off. Rowdy crowd.
Mr. Goodcents has delicious crisp subs. The meat and cheese are cut right in front of you and the bread is made fresh. The califonia sub is my favorite.
Not a big ramen fan, but I really liked this place - food, atmosphere, service and reasonable prices. A great find.
Holy moly this place was disgusting! Hahaha we still managed to have a fun date night, but I don't think we're coming back anytime soon. BUT the salsa was pretty awesome. Maybe I'll come back just for salsa?
Love this place.  They have games to play at the tables, great idea!
This is a great hotel to stay at if your on a budget. I actually won some money and got some free stuff from them points I got . I will probably come stay here next time.
Friendly service, less wait time, and good price, hairstylist r very helpful n know lots about their skills..
All of the dishes were fantastic, when the new owner took over. Now the dishes have been of such poor quality that I would rather eat \"Asian\" frozen food.
The price is cheap but my food came out cold.  Cold eggs = fear of salmonella.  I am definately a fan of breakfast food but I came out disappointed.  The orange juice was fresh at least.
Definitely on Montreal's top 5 caf\u00e9 list. Their bean selection is divine and the barristas know what they're doing.
We went in on a Saturday morning. As always there were lots of people waiting in line. Food was good but no where outstanding. I think service was lacking and almost everything was self serve. i recommend the sweet potatoes pancakes.
Sorry, but this restaurant's sushi is not worth the price.  You are better off spending your money at Ginza.  It was maybe a step above grocery store sushi.
Meh. Overrated. Overthought recipes with odd recipe combinations. Overpriced. Good smoothies, liked the waffle. The food is either bland or way overthought.
this is an awful place!!!!! I signed up an account because of my terrible experience, the stylist just even could not cut the hair in the same length, not mention how awful my hair looks like now, I really want to cry......
Wouldn't have known about it if it wasn't for Yelp. Believe the hype. This place kicks serious butt. I'd drive hours out of my way to eat here again. The skirt steak is to die for the homemade sauces are ridiculous.
If you have about 2-3 hours  to spare, then yes try Goldilocks. Otherwise, skip this restaurant and try something else. The service is s-l-o-w and food is overpriced. I think-
Poor quality Hamburger, ok fries.  Service was slow.  I would have rather eat somewhere else.
Great airport if you take away the slot machines or provide headphones for the gamblers. Free Wifi, clean bathrooms, and transportation to terminals is plenty. Good restaurants as well.
Came in for breakfast/lunch and ended up getting a mimosa and chicken tenders which is an odd combo but both were equally good :) \nThe chicken tenders weren't greasy \nOur servers were very helpful and super nice \nThe decor is cute, very earthy
Food was alright, nothing fancy. Didn't really feel authentic, and it was more a restaurant with a bar than a pub.
I call it Crapper Barrel, enough said.
Over rated by far, used to be fun 3 years ago.  Even with free cover or getting hooked up to get in the drinks are way over priced, and there is not enough alcohol in the drinks to warrant 10 bucks a pop.  If your going just for women the sights are good, but seriously they are good at every pool in vegas...
My favorite coffee shop in Montreal...by far. Reasonably priced deliciousness and great hosts!
Do better.
The food is tasteless, the service slow and the pricing outrageous.  If Chef Nobu is so famous, I have no idea why.
The doctors are great, but man, the wait time is too long. When we dropped off our dogs for boarding, just to drop them off took almost an hour. Otherwise the doctors take great care of them.
Indian food, Americanized :)\nGood service!\nTables are small for the number of people to be seated.
Basil Thai is good for exactly what it is--convenient, cheap, dependable Thai food on campus, served hot and promptly.  I haven't shopped the whole menu, but I like what I regularly get, and that's fine with me.
This is the premier bagel shop in Madison. The bagels are excellent with great texture and freshness. They have a great variety of cream cheeses that compliment the bagels perfectly. The service is great and they also have an great sandwich selection. I'm definitely a repeat customer and highly recommend Gotham!
Ok liquor store overall.  Clean, decent selection, and friendly staff.  The prices are hit and miss as far as being much cheaper than anywhere else.  Some things are cheap, while others you can find cheaper somewhere else.
Lots of fresh, healthy options and very convenient.
Far and away the best Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas. I'm fairly contrarian if you've read my reviews, but I agree here. I'd give it 5 stars, but it's not the old Say Eng Look in New York's Chinatown, which was the best ever for me.
There's always one thing that gets me back there all the time. The smoke meat! And I like mine on their smoke meat poutine.
This place is okay, but not super.  I like Dave and busters more I think.  It's just too small with the same old games
I'm not a fan. Chips today were really gross. I think the oil was old. Thick tortillas. Large portions, kinda bland. White people Mexican food.
ate here a couple of times while staying at the RiO...service is good. food is ok.
A huge Albertson's.  A bakery, deli, prepared foods, Starbuck's and floral.  It is gigantic inside.
ooooohhhh\nhaaahaaa wow\nno\nnope \nnever again
Great place to come and watch basketball games\nI love basketball so Yeah this a great place to watch the games  college, to pro
its a must try!!!
tasty appetizers, lots of beer, sports on tv, who could ask for more.
Good. Not great. Surely not worth hr wait if there's a line. \n\nDid not get a shake. Might have missed out there. \n\nFries were average. Wish we would have tried onion rings. \n\nReasonable pricing. \n\nGood beer selection.
Had VIP here..but, meh. \nSmall little club. Was a SEMA show after party. \n\nNot many peeps..music was alright, but definitely not my club of choice.
Meh.. Edemame toooo salty. Ordered small asaragus roll.. Didn't show up. Entre was okay nothing spectacular. Prob won't be back.
Its ok i liked their burgers.
This place is just okay. 3 to 3 1/2 stars describes this place well. I got the specialty tacos which were ok, the chips and salsa lacked being hot and had no salt.
I have never rented a bounce house before and received Mr. Bs by referral. Did an awesome job from the start. Everyone I dealt with was professional and answered all my questions. The guy who set up, kept in contact and told me to call when I was done. Highly recommend their services. I will only use them in the future.
My husband and I frequent here often and love it.  The atmosphere is very relaxing, the food is very, very good and the employees are awesome.  We will continue to return as often as possible!
Nice new and clean. 4 stars due to fact that I've been in a dump. This seems like paradise. \n\nclose to many chain restaurants and the speedway.
House cleaning service could have been better. What happens in vegas stays in vegas.
Food is average. Service is poor. Can't make a cheese crisp with green chilies without it being soggy.  Server never once came to check on my or refill my drink. Its been this way the last 3 times I was here. I used to like it.
New Owners are turning this place around. Average wait time on food is ten minutes and its delicious. Highly recommend the roadrunner burger.\n\nPoker on Tuesday. Cage Fighting friday and live bull riding sat. Its a true saloon. Weeknights are mild and its a good frontier atmosphere
I tracked down this food truck an obscure parking lot on the South side near the Hot Metal Bridge-  I had a Veggie Hawaiian dog and fries with cheese curds.  Good find and fun eats but I was a long wait for fast food. Paint the truck.
One day, the owners of this place will wise-up and get a better chef or abandon it altogether to convert it into a club. Once they do, this will be one great place!
The food was pretty good; although the meatballs were a little too drenched in soy sauce. I wish the bar was a little bigger. They only carried a couple of beers and I like variety...all in all, it was pretty good.
Apparently they don't have room for new customers, but they do have a list of competitors you can have but they don't know how well these guys work so that's really of no use. Sorry you're too busy! I'll find my own company.
Always a fun place!!\n\nService lacks at most of the food places!  It's a Athletic venue, bring extra money - everything is exspensive!\n\n25.00 cheep seats!  Yahoooooo
I only tried the iced mocha so that's what I'm basing my review on, but it was amazing! Prices are decent except charging extra for whipped cream is kinda lame. Service was exceptional!
The hotel is beautiful, modern but not over the top. Quick, fast and friendly service. Rooms were beautiful, pool was great and location was really good when you do not have a car to get around, I felt safe walking at night.
Waited 45 minutes for food, asked for extra napkins 3 times, never refilled water without flagging them down. 2 entrees didn't come out with their full items. Restaurant was not close to full, there were three servers. Also way too many TVs.
Food took forever.\nPeople working there just seemed annoyed that people were there. Waitress making annoyed sounds and gestures to people behind their back. No good.
Great mani (gel), pedi, Amy \"got in there\".  I wear steel toed boots at work, so my feet & hands take a beating.  They have tons  o' color.
Food is below average- overly breaded and extremely bland. Don't bother, there is better Chinese in Ahwatukee. Try Great Wok instead.
Great food.  Very generous portions.  I vow to return often.  We ask for mild and it was perfect.  I might get more adventuresome next time, because I like a little heat.  Not so for my husband.
First time here,amazing idea. Kinda modeled off of Subway in that you go down the line saying exactly what you want. Very delicious will be there again for sure.
Crappy customer service.  I was the only minority in the store the whole time (wearing Ann Taylor clothes I had previously purchased at other stores) and these biotches followed me around like I was going to steal something.
I absolutely love this place . I've gone to many other places Jenni pho grill , old pho Saigon , pho sing sing , and little old Saigon those place are not bad but pho so 1 has the best egg rolls and the best pho  .
It's good in general.  The teriyaki beef was a little bit too strong.  Sashimi was in big chunk. I wish they cut each into 2 pieces. But sashimi was very tasty.
This Taco Bell/KFC is the worst! They never seem to get the order right and they always let you drive away from the drive thru without even asking if you want any sauce. It's maddening.
Was here this past Saturday night, the DJ was horrible, pretty sure we got charge double for the freaking smallest table in that club!! Should of went to Marquee.........
this is your normal QT as you can see I am a big fan, nothing real speacle about this one but know what to expect when I pull in.
Save yourself and eat somewhere else while you're in Vegas.The food was really mediocre. It tasted like mall food court food yuck. \n\nThe service sucked, and the seating is awkward you sit outside amongst all the venetian shoppers.\n\nThe only good thing was the garlic bread
Nastyyy calzone!!!! Do not go there!!! I had to throw out my food!!!!
The place reminds me a lot of my freshman dorm. Peeling walls, fluorescent lighting flickering in the elevator and strange humid smells. Although my bed and bathroom were pretty clean, and the staff were really great, the hotel itself is pretty old and resembles a trucker motel. Way overpriced for what it is.
The shaved snow is good. What isn't good is that this place smells like farts. Been in a couple times and every time the second the door opens, farts. Oddly the bathroom doesn't smell. The smell was strong enough this last time that we left half way through eating and just stood outside in the cold.
This place can never get an online or over the phone order right! I don't know if its because they can't read or they don't care!
Came here after midnight the past Labor Day weekend and had tons of fun! Besides Gold Coast, I know this place offers great deals on bowling. The venue is spacious and clean. Highly recommend!
Bad customer service.  Rude girl working, didn't give us the time of day until we wanted to actually buy jeans.  Not a good way encourage repeat customers.
Went here for the first time this weekend to Watch a UNLV Volleyball. Nice facility.
Pat's has the best wings in the valley! Some of my favorite NYC style crust. Everything here is great! Sorry... my fingers are too saucy to type!!!
Would give it 5 stars if they would open earlier.  It would be great if they opened at 6 am instead of 7 am.  I am an early riser and I need my morning fixx early. ;-)  Good coffee and espresso!
What can I say...Great Place...Great staff, fun atmosphere. Looks out to the pool area at The Hard Rock Hotel. Good drinks, nice pours and the Pretzels are Amazing. I have been her several times now and it's been great each time.
Shrimp & grits & a shrimp po boy. Believe the hype people!! Would've done 5 stars but service kinda lagged altho it wasn't super busy our waiter left our drinks empty for a awhile..but food is 5 stars for sure !
Baristas aren't the friendliest, and for the price, their drinks aren't the best. \nFor around $4 I got a medium -which was pretty small- iced coffee that tasted like a watery Starbucks iced coffee with TOO much ice, there were seriously only three sips.
Very disappointing! There are a lot (and I do mean A LOT) of excellent places to eat in Vegas for the similar price. The food was mediocre at best. Not worth the price. The shrimp appetizer was the only good thing we had.
yummy, love it,  my kids love it,,,
Delicious and unique selection of house brewed beers. Seems to change daily! Would definitely go back there.
Look i am from hong kong, and this is the closest chinese food you can get in US, even better than those in the china town of LA
Best pizza I have ever tasted in my life!
We came kinda late on a Sunday, this place is really great and the sushi was very fresh and so tasty! we were very happy with the service. From the miso soup to all the little things that were no charge. We were extremely happy. New favorite place to go!
As a resident of South Scottsdale, this is a true gem.  The food is fresh and crazy good.  They are creative and farm to table I believe is truly what they are.  The cocktail program is spot on if you want to enjoy true craft spirits.  The service is 5 star and you never get disappointed.
The food is excellent but the service leaves a bad taste in your mouth.  Definitely not a kid friendly place.
Its ok. If you like teppan but the sushi needs little attention here.  Better off going to real Japanese sushi places if you want sashimi or anything special.
Great layout and I like how everyone is all in the same place. It is not a maze of hallways and stairs.
Had scheduled an appointment and got it 3 weeks later. but was very professional and courteous when I went there. The massage therapist was really good. Had a really sore neck, upper back and she worked wonders on me with deep tissue massage.\nHave one more appointment to schedule. Looking forward.
They have turned into social snobs.  My kids have been asked  (told) I do not want them to give this place any more money.  Unbelievable!!
Good menu selections and open 24 hours. Always has a nice breakfast. The servers are very friendly and attentive. We were even staying at a differentnt hotel (only because of availability) and came back here to eat each day. We like the players club discount for over 50 of 20%. We will be back!
Hands down best tapas I've ever had !!
Sticky cups, wrong change, training day??? Heaven help them! I saw five  customers walk in as I left! Hope they count their own change!
Got some grapes here the other day and when I got home, I opened one container to discover that they were full of mold.  One of the packages was decent quality, but the other was inedible.   I think I'll make sure to open the package to check the freshness the next time I buy grapes from them.
The worse customers service ever.  1:30 pm. 8 people in line waiting and they don't want to open another register.  The lady in front of my stated \"where our easy button?\"  No reply from any 1!!!!
I've never been to the Nobu in NYC. I've heard that it blows Vegas away. However, we went on a Friday and dropped serious coin on average sushi. The fish seemed fresh. The sushi rice was dry. The apps were average. To bright inside to fit a 'hip' feel. Never again.
This place is closed for quite a few months.\nA new \"Asian Fusion\" place is supposed to open at this location soon...word has it in town.
This is one of the coolest places I have been to. Great food, great atmosphere. Even the live music was good even though I am no big fan of Country.\nPotato cakes are amazing, Prices are reasonable. Be ready to wait in line on busy evenings, but it is worth wait.
This place sucked. We had an appointment and no one was at the front desk. When we looked over trying to get someone's attention they looked up at us but went back to work. That was ride and unprofessional. Not going back.
I was in the area, so I decided to give it another shot.  This time I got the large combo and the patty was bigger and fatter, but still tasted pretty lackluster.\n\nWhat a waste of 12 bucks.
I was there for a 4 day conference. I felt like it was a prison. There was NO WINDOW and so no ventilation. No sunlight into the conf rooms or anywhere.\n\nThe construction is good but just a waste without any thought for even a single window .
Ordered out from here. Try the seafood paella! Surprisingly tasty! Their fish dishes are also a win too.
Amazing burgers. Great teriyaki. To die for fries and a great atmosphere. Add to that a friendly staff and chill atmosphere you have a great place to have a meal!
Love the atmosphere, service good,  food is bland.
I wish I could give a real review but the food court is not open right now. Closed for remodeling, go elsewhere if you want a quick meal.
After reading the reviews, I decided to give the place a try. It was worth it! The staff are clean and friendly! The store is nice and clean! They did an amazing job on my eyebrows!
Just awesome.  Professional crew.  Dave and Kevin are great.  I love the games.  One day Joust will work!!  Just found Spectrum, my new favorite game.\n\nIts PAPA, the crown champ of Pinball Tournaments.
Service is great, I mean unusually good! You wont ever come close to needing more tea or soda, you blink and its been refilled. Food is great because its simple. Simple ingredients blended and cooked beautifully. The price could go up a bit and still be worth it.
Spacious & clean .\nNo refrigerator or safe on the room.\nDid not loose anything though .\nBring your swimwear with you . The pool is OK and fairly large . 4 people could do lapses with a bit of maneuvering .
I love Wildflower and frequently visit. My favorite thing on the menu is the seasonal Tuscan Kale salad! \n\nThis location gets very busy for lunch so I call ahead and my food is always ready for me when I arrive.
Smashburger is amazing!  The Arizona burger definitely satisfies my burger needs, and the smashfries are incredible.  \n\nMy wife complains about going to burger places usually and was hesitant to try Smashburger, but once she went, she fell in love with it.
The service was excellent!  Our water glasses were never more than half empty, our food was brought out quickly and empty dishes were quickly cleared.  Our waitress was VERY friendly and welcoming and we were checked on often (but not too much to be annoying).  The food was wonderful with a good menu selection.  Overall, a great experience!
Laziza is now closed...it was only a matter of time.
The staff was nice but didn't listen when our order was taken and some of the order was messed up. Some of the customers were very loud and ghetto. The tables could be cleaned better! I didn't want to go into the bathroom.
It's always empty in here. Probably because the food is so bad
This is a really great place! The food is really awesome! Would for sure come back to try something else! Looking forward to the next time! They also serve liquor here if someone wants a cocktail! I had the gyros and garlic parmesan fries,  a must have!!!
I am shocked at all the negative reviews. Our family loves Mr. Jims! Never had a problem. Their fajita chicken pizza is amazing. And they always bring coupons with delivery for next time!
This restaurant has the best Baby Back Ribs and Mac& Cheese in town.\nOur server, Tyler, was excellent with his service.  He knew what to expect from us and when to expect them.  I rate this establishment 5 stars with the quality of food and service.
The pros: cool place, nice decor, not too loud, comfy seating, great outdoor patio areas, Yummy drinks, nice crowd but not overcrowded.\nThe cons: tip was added to bill, and when I paid, waitress never brought me back my change. Very tacky.
Great night with excellent food! The pizza meatball appetizer and calamari are incredible! Keep making it happen like this. We will return.
Very friendly, clean and comfortable environment! Thank you, Hope for being so patient and helpful with my indecisiveness!!! So happy with my gel mani!
Friendly staff, competitive prices with the option of membership to save some extra cash, clean establishment with great service! Nicole does a great job. She's quick and makes a painful service go by quickly. Definitely recommend. I drive 30 minutes to just go here!
Brisket and pulled pork very good, fries also. Nice dog friendly patio. Would go back for sure
For the price the food was great.
Keith H needs to get his panties out of a twist. Do not let his one star rating fool you, this place is a gem.
HUGE ROACH CRAWLING UP THE WALL! They didn't even kill it because it got away  a table next to is said casually, \"oh there's another one?\"So gross food wasn't good enough to deal with that
The best part of our meal was the fruit fly I accidentally consumed while drinking my wine. Second best was the \"cheddar smashed potatoes\" from a box. Third was the steak. Pictures and further comments available upon request.
Absolute best calamari I have ever had.
I travel a lot on business and make it a habit to look for good Irish Pubs. The Belfast Mill is exactly what I was looking for. Good conversation, a Guinness poured right and a great burger.
Apparently English speakers and employees at this restaurant are not welcomed as per the owner who told employees that they could only speak to themselves in French.  The employee quit in disgust and I will stop going here as long as that policy is in place.
Great time on the club crawl. 3 clubs ( 1Oak, Haze, and tryst). Fun hostesses on the bus. And free book. I highly recommend the crawl if you are trying to party on a budget.
This was a really interesting space. We all agreed that this place was simply too cool for us.
Good service. Nice atmosphere. Rubbery burger. 6 raviolis for 18 bux.
Ew, clean the darn bathrooms!  The owner sat at his computer the entire time I was there with my daughter while the bathrooms were disgustingly unsanitary.  No toilet paper, no towels to dry our hands and NO SOAP!  \n\nI will NOT be back here again!
I have had almost one of everything off of their menu and have yet to be disappointed!  The staff is very very nice, and the food is great.  One of my favorites is the shredded beef torta!!!
They have horrible customer service not to mention bad work ethics as well. Cutting corners due to negligence, roasting tires, revving engines, scratched paint and so much more. Do yourself a favor and don't waste your time and money.\nThey are a joke!
This place is amazing. I adore the Chicken Katsu but everything on the menu is good! The owner is lovely and they work really hard and do a great job!
Outstanding Brazilian BBQ. Amazing surroundings. Good service. Visually stunning.
Food isn't very tasty... i tried several times for business lunches and was never delighted. This review is for vegetarian side of the menu.
Every Tuesday they have $1.50 fish tacos after 2.30pm :)
Just had dinner here with the family and the food was good but the service was amazing and it takes a lot for me to say that. If you go sit in James section he is fabulous and I will be back just for him.
The foods are really good even though we waited for 3hour 15 minutes.\nIt would be better if they move to bigger place
Best sushi in Las Vegas! All you can eat is such a deal. The staff is wonderful. A hidden place from the tourists.
I eat at this place at least once a week! Love the protein pancakes. They give you a ton of food as well. Onwers always there and never to busy to come say hello.
Disappointed in pulled pork sandwich - tender but tasteless. Asparagus was cooked perfectly. Beer was cold - we will be back...
Convenient and easier to find items then big box stores, although you do pay for that convenience. Most staff are extremely knowledgeable and helpful, others in dire need of customer service training (mocking and eye rolling at customers is not cool).  Returns can be a hassle including items sold that are defective or missing parts.
Place looks awesome, has great music and great waiters. \nMenu is a little pricey. \n\nI got the Baja fish taco and cochinita pibil taco and they were both amazing! But small.
Nice park!  2 playgrounds with nice equipment. Large open grass area, splash pad area, and several benches and picnic areas. We will definitely go here again.
Not bad. Clean, conveniently located. Not so good if you need internet. I was going to post a picture of the speedtest.net results for this place. Download speed .03mbps, upload speed .02mbps. I think dial-up does better.
Burger was dry, like could hardly get it chewed.  Fries were rather good but my tater tots were mushy and bland. For the price, not up to par.
not as good as expected..... I guess I like Cora more.....\nThe Montreal putine was too salty to have a bite. :(
Was excited to dine here, until the host in the fedora was extremely rude. Judgmental, curt, and unwelcoming, maybe next time will be a better experience--we left before finding out.
This location is clean.. but the food almost has a taste of the cleaner that they use.  I live right by this location, but drive the extra distance to the Ironwood location just to avoid that chance of getting a pine sol tasting burro.
Less expensive food if that is what you are looking for. Happy hour has some good items but most are fried. Not that there is anything wrong with that!
The beer is awesome, the decor, lovely and the staff friendly.  A bit loud, but it is super busy!  Great opening weekend experience!\n\nExcited to come back!
I always stop in for a delicious sandwich before a movie. But, like an abusive relationship, I keep coming back for the hot sandwiches no matter how many times I get burned by the customer service.
Saw a different doctor today, really liked him! Did. Great job on my aches and pains
This is the worst CVS pharmacy in the country. The staff is rude and they are extremely slow. Nothing is ever ready on time and if u have a question trust me it won't be answered correctly.
Disappointed.  The cronuts are dry and lack of flavors.  Sadly to say i enjoy some franchised shop products more than stuffs i got from here.
Ugh.  Get it together.\nLong drive across town and address given was incorrect.  \nSome new and used furniture.  \nIt is okay and nicely latex out but not worth the drive when they don't offer the usual Goodwill discounts.
Omg gyoza is a must!! Never had such a amazing one! My LP loved the pumpkin pur\u00e9e, it is worth every penny
Always a great experience when we go in to shop. Greeted with friendly service and helpful staff!  Purchases always smooth and easy. Thank you for great place to furniture shop!
Cupcakes rock! If you place an order it only needs to be 24 hour notice! A bit pricy!
A nice modern place set within the heart of Bloomfield. Very clean, a variety of toppings offerings, and nice staff. Stop in here sometime soon before the weather gets too cold!
The guacamole wasn't fresh or homemade with was a huge disappointment, The house margarita was clearly a pre-made mixture, which tasted like juice. However, the staff was pretty friendly.
Downright delicious and authentic!  Hats off to Signor Grindatto (owner/chef) for bringing Italy to Phoenix.
Chili cheeseburger, chili cheese fries, large coke.  MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM yeah!   DO IT!
This is a good place to go if you want good (but not great) barbecue.  They had speedy service, which explains the very busy lunch crowd.
Food A\n\nService C\n\nSlow service and table next to us stayed dirty the entire hour + we were there.
The food was good but only if they gave you enough of it and when we picked up our to go order the girl in the pink shirt sneezed into her hands and without trying to wash her hand or anything she grabbed our food with her dirty hands.
One word: Diarrhea\n\nWhether it was mixing the wide variety of foods they had, the shrimp or the crab legs...there are better buffets down the strip (*cough Bellagio *cough Paris)\n\nDessert was delicious though
Had key lime & maple bacon bar. Both were good but not great. 4 choices for coffee, 3 were empty so had to get the only choice. It is Sunday afternoon so will give them one more try on a morning.
It's not that great here. They give you tiny portions of meat. There's definitely better places in the area.
Hang out in the bar! Alisha and CJ are pretty great! The service is amazing and the food is quite delicious!!! Love this place! They always make some great vegetarian options and are always friendly!!!
This place has went down the drain. From one of our favorite weekly visits to probably some of the worst customer service. Very disappointed to what this place has become
The food is simply amazing! I recommend the papaya salad and seafood tum yum soup....also the Thai iced tea!! I have dinner here at least 4-5 times a month.
Having trouble finding a great brunch place with no lines?\n\nThis place is never crowded, even at peak weekend brunch times.  And everything we've had was delicious - they even make an awesome chicken fried steak.  Would highly recommend for anyone like us with toddlers in tow who can't stand long waits.
delicious, and they're open early, perfect for picking up treats for the office.  i like the German chocolate cupcakes. stick with the sweets though, some of their more exotic attempts miss the mark
Great burger. Awesome view.
Fast service...the food is okay nothing special.  The egg roll is the best thing they have on the menu...they are very generous on vegetables.   The spring roll, on the other hand, was way too chewy for me.  The floor was super dirty....
Great food. Friendly. Fast. \n\nBeen here a few times now for lunch over the past six months and have enjoyed everything I've had. It's a nice quiet place and the service has always been good. There's another Thai place close to us but we like the atmosphere inside Siamese Cat better.
Leckeres Esssen. Pizza auch zum Abholen. Eine Institution in R\u00fcppurr
Delicious bagels!! Its a cute little place hidden away. There aren't many bagel places out here, so it was great to find this little hideaway! They have some sweet and regular bagels to try and a yummy variety of whipped cream cheese.
The Razzleberry Pie was super but pricy $12.99. I guess next month is $5.99 pies. Oh well it was yummy.
Double double animal style is great, miss it when are in the northwest.  Being provincial we don't like the Maine potatoes.
Blah. It was okay. I think if they lowered all of the prices by five dollars and added a couple of waitresses, I would have had an A+ experience. It was a huge tourist trap. Would probably not go back.
I  love this restaurant! It's elegant, beautiful and the food is always amazing. This is a great place to go on a special occasion. The food and service is superbe and the view and ambiance are gorgeous. One of my new favorites.
The bread was good. The beer I ordered after I reminded him was out of stock. My pasta had more juice than sauce and the chicken was dry and hard. Not going back
Great food and a friendly and helpful staff!  This is our favorite moderately-priced place to go on a date night!  Try the baby back ribs and jalepeno mac 'n cheese!  Highly recommended!
Great little place just across the border.  Food is always great as well as service.
Supplies are great - wide variety and well stocked at all times. \n\nCustomer service is a different story. No one ever looks particularly happy to be working there, nor are they helpful without prompting
Went here this weekend and it's not bad, pretty decent. There was nothing that stuck out that blew my mind away just another normal hot dog joint that sells good hot dogs/chili dogs and fries.
My 4th time here for lunch. Delicious salsa! And the friendliest staff in downtown Mesa.
Only went here once about a year and a half ago, but they had great pancakes! My only problem with it at the time was that they allowed smoking, so I left smelling like a cigarette. With the change in law, I'm sure the atmosphere has improved!
shit !  It took 25 minutes to get my food at 12:30 in the afternoon on Friday the 11th. I'm not going back
After waiting 20 min in line for a table at breakfast waited another 45 min for food and then they left out part of the Oder and had to wait for condiments. In short place is terribly run.
For me, the verdict is still out on UBUNTU and open source software but these guys are quick and good and priced better than anyone else i have found.\n\nOk, the Linux stuff is growing on me.
Place is so cool!  The waiters look like theyre using their cell phones yet theyre actually placing your order on phones. Our drinks arrived while our waiter was still taking our order. Now that's impressive! Awesome food as well and good pricing!
Best. Waffles. Ever. I had a biscoff waffle AND a maple butter waffle. Delicious!!! Need bigger drink selection though for those of us unhealthy types who like soda in the morning :)
Sucky experience. They've designed to be more like the Apple Store experience. All I need is a case and a FireWire cable. Everything is at KNEE level. You have to hurt your neck just to see what the daggone product is. I felt like cursing. Won't be back.
* Go to IN & OUT BURGER *\n\nNothing said WOW to me. Tasty but the roll broke apart like cheap wonderbread and a little overpriced. \n\nI won't be back, sorry Mr Fatburger
Ordered moo shu gai pan, pork chow mein, fried dumplings, and crab ragoon. The rice was dry, noodles are greasy, they used canned mushrooms, and the egg rolls were bland. Rather eat Panda express.
Had the Hawaiian roll, hand rolled tuna, Won Ton Soup, wife had Cucumber roll, teriaki chicken bowl, daughter had shrimp fried rice, Everything was very fresh and yummy! Service was excellent, place was clean and pleasant atmosphere! Prices were very reasonable. I will definately go again real soon.
Good burger. I was expecting ahi tuna burgers or shrimp burgers with crazy sauces. The menu was really beef focused. I had the asian inspired burger with hoisin glaze and pork belly. I gave it 8 out of 10.
Unable to accommodate a party of 18. Said they ran out of food even though we had been working with them for several days to plan this. Told us the day before our event. Way to leave us high and dry.
Yummy flame broiled corn
Great Ambiance, went strictly for the Hooka and the booze. Comfortable lounge and eclectic music. Waiters and waitresses were very friendly and knowledgeable. Great for small groups.
Friendly service. Went last night to a birthday party at Dbl Helix. Had a great time. The food was good and enjoyed our evening
If you ate looking for an awesome person to do your hair, then Ashley is your girl!! She is so sweet, and takes her time on you. I'm so glad I found her!! I look forward to my hair appointments!!
Unfriendly service.  Very small.  Bad layout.
bought cakes more than 20 times in their store...
Lots of containers and vessles for your weed, clothing made from weed, signs and posters with weed topics.  This is your familiar college town head shop.  Nothing has changed.
Meh. I've expirienced better.
Great place to take the kids as staff are great with them. Food is very good and drinks not too expensive considering on George Street. Some great music memorabilia as you would expect.
Food is mediocre at best. I came in one day and ordered the lo mein and they use spaghetti pasta to pass as lo mein noodles.
Great staff and extra large HD TVs to watch all the games with friends!!
Roaches...that is all that needs to be said...do not eat here, they charge way too much
You can never go wrong with this place.
I didn't get a chance to try their sandwiches but I did get to steal some of my friends tomato soup which was DELICIOUS. I'm such a sucker for good tomato soup. I love how they put these toasty croutons in it for you...nice textural addition to the soup.
Just way too short. They are definitely all about making the money as quick as possible. The whole thing just seems slighted. Its a great idea, but not the best for the price and the people that steer the Gondola should do more singing and less chit-chat.
Combined with the pool area, it's a perfect marriage. \n\nThe crowd is beautiful.  Ideal for meeting new people and the music tooned perfect mixes of the latest and greatest. \n\nIt's a definite stop going to Vegas everytime.
Really busy and pretty quick service.  Overall it was good.  A couple things came out not as ordered but nothing worth raising a fuss.  Quality is consistent and good.  The owner, Oak, is very kind and accommodating.
Stopped here  while in the airport. Had always heard about it from numerous friends. I didn't think it was anything to write home about personally.
the food was ok, nothing special... the service is not so good, forget to bring a cup of hot water we asked for and didn't say sorry when we mentioned it... tipped 10% and he yelled at us...
Jonathan, apt manager at Camden Pinehurst location is amazing!  He has always gone above and beyond to ensure my needs are taken care of so I am happy with my living environment.  I hope he knows how much it is appreciated!!!\n\nGina K
Pizza is really good better then little ceasers . Wait area is clean friendly service.
Stopped by the other night for the first time .  Can't believe I just found this place .... Food was great , prices were more than reasonable and our bartender Justin was awesome ! Will definitely be back with friends !
This place continues to amaze me, the screaming is awesome......what is really great is the leftovers after a couple days....even better...the flavors are unlike any others anywhere, fabulous.....
The food gets 4 to 5 stars. And they have delivery! But very weird how they demand cash payments for phone orders (hmmm...I wonder why) and they add a 10% charge for delivery or pick up. I would pick up more often if not for the strange policies- I downgraded the rating for that reason.
Best Thai I have had in the states. I don't know whatelse to say other than that. It is a must stop.
Great subs.  Very tasty
Good food... horrible service. Once we got our food they totally forgot we were here. Not sure we will be back even if the food is good.
This place is great!  There are no Indian restaurants in the Monona area and I am so glad they put this one here, the lunch buffet was delicious and the staff are attentive and genuinely want you to be enjoying the food.  Delicious!
Still same real good food but take out only.  Upper St Clair Township does not allow eat in due to lack of parking, I was told.\n\nWe ordered a fresh Walnut and gorgonzola salad and sausage calzone, booth were real good.  Love the sausage!
We enjoyed a delicious dinner and great service.  Its a beautiful restaurant with a great atmosphere.   The steaks don't compare with Mastros but the entire meal was incredible and we highly recommend it for a great meal.
Overpriced happy hour. Rolls tasted like the rice was cooked a while ago. Many rolls lacked any flavor, and the gyoza appetizer was mediocre at best. Just not that good.
So I usually have a good experience here. The chefs are very nice as they were today, but if you're not at the sushi bar the service is much slower when it comes to the sushi. Overall not bad, but could have been much better service.
Really solid Bo bia and banh mi xiu mai. Reminds me of the banh mi shops back home in OC
This is a great place to eat and drink wine. The food is delicious and the service is always wonderful. I have been here several times and I love it. The cheeses are spectacular and I am not even the biggest cheese fan. The desserts are great too.
I don't think it's hard to make people happy that just don't want to be lied to and want treated with care when they need it. I never tried to work anything out, I just left a negative review.
No way there is a better place then fire house to get subs!!!  love this place and the service is always amazing!!
Worst mexican food I've ever eaten greasy and without flavor. Even the cheese was unpleasant and I didn't think that was possible.
LOVE this place!  Beautiful backdrop, eclectic decorations and you definitely feel like you're at grandma's house.  Food is absolutely delicious!!!  Waitstaff is very well trained and pleasant.  Decent wine list.  This is a must visit every time I am in town.
Good flavor but not many options with both yogurt flavors and toppings compared to other yogurt shops. Pretty pricey as well for what you can get.
Four star food at a three star price.  If you are in Vegas, it's a must for brunch.  Highlight: all things baked and the chicken and waffles.
A decent frozen yogurt place.  You get exactly what you expect: a nice variety of flavors and lots of toppings.  I gave it 3 stars because I think yogurtology (just down the street) has better flavors and more options.
I had the chicken bowl.  Tasty.
Great waffles, buttery & fluffy. Awesome syrup too. Bacon was perfectly crisp, and even had a nice amount of grease on the strips to add some moist texture. Honey lemonade was very refreshing. Great little place for a simple, well done, breakfast menu.
This is the only place I take clothes for alterations. Even though I live in DC, whenever I'm visiting family in Charlotte, I bring my clothes here. I haven't had a bad experience yet; they always listen to what you want and are flexible about when they can get the altered clothes back to you.
Very nice cocktails and they have free wifi! What more could you want?
Pretty good pizza for Vegas, definitely liked their Sicilian pizza better than the thin crust though, just wish it was a bit closer!
I came here in the summer and I tried it. They start you off with Miso soup. There's a lot of different sushis there to try. :)
Two words! Tina Mateo. She makes this place fun to hang out at anytime! The Food and Gaming Specials are great too. Limited graveyard menu as well.
I absolutely looooooooove this place!!\nThe coffee tasted strong and fresh. The staff is very nice!
Great salon with up to date stylists.  Love Kasey for hair and Lindsey gives an incredible facial!
Had baleada 5 and it was really great and cheap. Can't wait to try more.
Dont try the buffalo chix strips, they tasted horrible and over cooked, the buffalo sauce tasted like vinegar straight out of the bottle. i paid over $10 for the \"meal\"
Even though our waiter stopped being so nice when he realized we were only there for drinks he was regularly attentive. \nI had the sangria which was AMAZING and enough of a taste of their style to make me look forward to my next visit~
Don't say you are open and that you deliver until 2am if you don't. Totally annoying.
It is better than 3 stars but not quite 4.  They have some pretty good dishes.  The vegi burger was amazing!
Food was excellent, the server was very enjoyable to talk to, made the visit very fun and entertaining, nothing took to long and the hospitality there was just incredible, definitely recommend it
Delicious yellow curry meal with chicken and the other person enjoyed pad thai. Spiciness of 2 worked! Loved the Thai iced tea; no room for dessert.
The buffet here is nothing to talk about. There's not a lot of good food and it's expensive. Just because it's in a new hotel doesn't mean the price should be above most places. Definitely experienced better buffets at other hotels.
Not the orginial self serve yogurt but definately acceptable.\n\nThis place has two Southside locations.  I have never been to the smaller one by the post office.  The bigger one is nice.  Also fairly cheap.
Streets closed permanently in January 2014.  Too bad... it was a great concept.  Someone should pick up on the idea and try it again.  I was told the reason it closed was that the coordinator moved.
One of chain restaurant that I actually enjoy their steak. The chocolate Molton cake was to die for!
Parking is terrible and location hidden in the corner. It gets better from there. Variety of food good. Fresh and good quality. Good portions are served and price is good for quality and quantity. Atmosphere is old deli style that everyone wants to be at. Food is good service is good. Worthy of repeats.
I really want to give this place a 3 strikes and you're out chance, but after getting sick after both times so far, i'm done with this place.
Lynn did a fantastic job. He was very responsive and even looked into some specific things I needed done, at no additional cost. Prices are very competitive. Locally owned. It is reassuring to have found an honest, reliable AC person.
I being working out several months, every time I attend we always have different exercises that would involved your entire body, I have gotten so much stronger and I feel amazing! I highly recommend Underground Fitness!
Just not a great experience, tried to over sell a surgery  for my som and I said I wasn't sure till I reserached both him and procedure, he left room!!
Good food, chef was fun and good. Otherwise awful service and bad management. They wouldn't even help us with a very minor issue. There are enough other places like this in town that I will not be revisiting.
I definitely recommend this place to all burger lovers. The service was fast and friendly. Burgers were the juiciest I've had in a while. The fries were meh, but I think that's been said. A great hidden find, look forward to going back soon.
I love this place!  Ask for it to go and you'll have left overs for days.  You can mix sauces to create any flavor you like.  Watch out though, it can get really hot or spicy if you put too much in!  Great for groups, family or a easy date time.
Went in looked nice. That is where it ended. Bad service, it took 20 minutes to get our drinks and then they took our order. We ordered an appetizer and three meals. They brought them all together 40 minutes later. Everything was cold. We will not be back again.
Great Quality and thought it was a very tasty! Had a jalape\u00f1o bagel, sausage, jalape\u00f1o cream cheese and was delish!
loved this place when it was the small mom and pop. open eating along the street, not pompous like today. I miss the cafe boa of years ago and the amazing spinach ravioli they had at such a great price. today, over priced, low quality food, and pretentious wait staff.
where do they find the people to work here?\n\nthey are always top noch.  Well done  dudes.
I really enjoyed the food here. Huge portions and very tasty steak. Had a hummus bowl and could barely finish half of it. I met the owner and he really seems passionate and caring about his business. It's great to see this kind of commitment to pleasing their customers.
If your thinking about coming here think again. The place has been out of business for a few months.
Great company. \n\nThey repaired both of our air conditioners quickly and at a reasonable price. The staff was also knowledgable and friendly.\n\nThank you!\n\nI will recommend them to my friends and family.
This used to be our favorite pizza & finger place. It's under new ownership and now it's not very good :(
If it is possible to be addicted to a food truck i am addicted to this one. I go every night I am in Vegas! \n\nI love the specials!  Sooo Good!
If it doesn't have Barney's New York, I will rate it lower. I mean, is it too much to have shopping places everywhere..? I spent hours passing through the resort, tired and boring..
Love this place. Fresh home made pastries and ice cream. Fantastic shakes and freezes. A lot of options for any sweet tooth. Slightly over priced but in this case you get what you pay for. High quality ingredients and friendly staff, also a nice outside patio.
The chicken fingers are good and juicy but they're not the best I've ever tasted. I wasn't that impressed by the dipping sauce or the fries, but I loved the Texas toast.
All Chilli and no dog... Not like the ones in LA at all!
haji - baba is great.  great food quick service,  low prices.  hidden gem yet always @ capacity ....  a change from other pita / med plate center eateries.
This place is the best! Best people, best food and now they serve drinks! Awesome! The only real Colombian food in the valley
We loved the glass room that overlooked the pool.  The meatballs were fantastic 5/5.  The Fettuccine Alfredo lacked flavor and was very bland 1/5.  The Penne Arrabiatta 4/5.  Service was excellent.
I think this is an AWESOME place. I dont have one close to me but when I am in Tempe I will visit there. I think the service was great and so was the coffee that I had.
Does a great work with my dog, highly recommend
4 legged friends gets 10 stars. Dr. Ferguson and all her fantastic associates are outstanding individuals. I have been going there a very long time and they continue to exceed all my expectations. Thanks for being so caring with all of my 4 legged friends.\n\nPhil and Lynda Saladino
This really is the best frozen yogurt place there is in Surprise.  It's always spotlessly clean, every flavor is worth trying, and the selection of toppings has a nice mix of healthy and not-so-healthy options.
I love the food and the price is right. So, if you're hungry for some quick and delicious Mexican food you won't regret it. Also, you'll be dealing with very friendly staff. Great place, great people.
Please ignore this review until I can remove it.
I absolutely love Leah. She is amazing with cut and color!  I also get to enjoy her mobile service which is very convenient with my busy schedule.  If you are looking for someone who is creative with cut and color and professional you need to call Leah!
I wanted to like this place!! It is very clean and the customer service was outstanding. But, the food didn't do it for me or my boyfriend. Very fast food like.
I have only been here for brunch.  I had one of the greatest gourmet burgers.  The design and ambience is one-of-a-kind.  I can't wait to go there for dinner.
Totally random in a weird little shopping plaza. Quaint inside, but everything we ordered was delicious. Hard to find a good vegan waffle and this place has it! Also, the woman behind the counter that served us was super nice.
This shop is great - bright and very clean, with private rooms.  All of the artists are incredibly professional and talented.  I have been working with Spike for 12 years on a fully body piece, and there are few other artists I would trust with my skin. Definitely my top choice for tattoo work.
Yummy, fresh and delicious food! \nNothing tastes greasy, old or bland. \nLarge portions.
Service and food quality too low for the prices they charge. Got $30 worth of food for $50 after waiting too long to be served.
I live down the street from this Fry's and I will not be returning.
Good docs - young but nice and responsive to questions.  The office staff isn't the most pleasant.  \nThe prices are reasonable and the facility is new - very nice.
This atmosphere is one of the best in Vegas. A Miami favorite is just as popular here any given night this place could be sold out. Obviously great for flavorful crab but their steak options are also too notch. Great professional service. Tim and Gabe the maitre d's absolutely the best.
10% discount for being in the union. Not too shabby. Good selection of shoes for the working man.
Overall a nice park. Perks: water/play fountain for kids (can get pretty crowded); a long trail around the park and a big hill with dirt paths to climb; a big grass area; they often hold event for holidays. Bummers: gets too crowded; not enough picnic spaces; gets trashed (literally) on the weekends.
Very friendly service and fantastic food! If you're looking for a good bar to hangout and watch sports and drink beer give these guys a try. There is a shuffleboard table against the back wall to play as well as a couple of dart boards. Just ask the bartender to play either game.
Deluca's in the strip district def defines a trip to Pittsburgh - I ordered hot turkey sandwich with gravy and mash- with out a doubt good! Staff was friendly...
Awesome show. Laugh from the begin to the end
Had lunch outside on their patio today. We each had the chicken souvlaki wrap. Very tasty.  The chicken is not over marinated- really tasty with their Taziki sauce.  A really good lunch. .
Good food, great music, friendly staff and wicked drinks.  What more could you ask from a restaurant?  Oh and don't forget the cute crowd that comes in..
Coastal Trio was pretty good. Give it a try. Yum. $9.19 with tax.  Otherwise, prices are quite high for tacos and such. Must have a coupon to make it a good value.
I just got some prints back from here and they look fantastic!!!!  The owners are very nice and accommodating.  Prices are the best I've found in town so far.  They have many different sizes and papers to choose from and they're quick, a must for getting that last min print done!!
Finally!!!! Soooo excited about this place! Great customer service and an awesome selection of juice. Very knowledgable on their product as well. Vegas finally has a cold pressed juice bar!!!!
Horrible food, slow, over priced and rude! No thank you, go to cheesecake next door and avoid the middle life crisis crew.
Who puts rice & beans ON the sizzling fajita griddle? Had to literally scrape off plate. Chicken was bland & not seasoned. Would much rather patronize Senor Taco, the little hole in the wall, down the street.
Everything was great.  Requested to split two entr\u00e9es and four separate plates came out...As requested, split entrees.
good club love the roof view & the opening roof but didn't like the crowed & some girls was wearing flip flip
Very bad service, waited 30 min for my bagel...:(( plus food was not that good, won't be coming back here. Must be because it is located inside a casino and they really don't give a shit about all the degenerates that come in here to eat.
Nice Hotel, BUT Shady Promotions and POOR customer service.\nWhen I booked the trip they promised a $100 food and beverage credit, but when I checked out they failed to honor it.  I feel this is unacceptable.  So if you stay here, don't rely on there \"promotions\"
Priced Decent, Quantity Heavy. Just ordered a side of chips and got almost a pound of chips. I love chips and salsa, but this was too much than i thought. Anyway the food was good and seems to have a authentic Mexican flavor to it. Worth a short once, particularly if you are pretty hungry.
Delicious Pelmeni, Verinike, Borsht, Bread, Beef Kabobs, Potatoes, Salad, and the Neapolitan was a delicious dessert cake w hot tea.
Today was extremely buggy on the trail. I felt like a rotting corpse! Trail is steady climb entire way up.  Will have to try it again another day.
Very disappointing one person doesn't know what the other one is doing!  Very unorganized establishment. Ill never take my dog to this location again!
i'm a regular at this place and its about time i wrote a review. 3 words. yum, yum and yum.
I love coming to this little cafe! my fiance worked at the paris casino and any chance I get I always go to eat a treat. I've had almost all of them and they've all been super tasty. only thing is that the coffee is a bit expensive for the size so I usually  stay away from that.
Imagine you are 16 years old and you are at your great-grandmothers funeral.\n\nImagine then walking down some stairs at the funeral parlor and stumbling upon tons of taxidermied animals posed as little football players and riding horses and whatever else.\n\nIt was scary and weird, and kind of cool.
I appreciate that the chai is real tea and not made from some syrup or concentrate, but the couple times I've gotten it, it hasn't been mixed to my liking. With JoBot the honey and spices seem to to always just sit sadly at the bottom of my cup.
Good burritos! worth the try if your in the area.
Visulite reminds me of the House of Blues in Chicago.  If you're not in the pit or the first row of seating, you can hardly see anything.  Otherwise it's a cozy little theater and the bartenders are only slow because of the size of the crowd.  They definitely work hard.
Love this Sunflower.  The bodycare section is unreal!  They have some of my favorites like Devita, Himalaya and Goat Milk Soap.  They also have a large selection of supplements.  As much as I love Scottsdale, this Sunflower has that location beat due to size and variety.  Don't forget to check the clearance bin!
smiths has great customer service, the smiles seem genuine and there always willing to help
Great baked goat cheese & humour appetizers. Sangria for two was actually enough for three.
Great seafood... Always. Tried the swordfish this time and it was perfectly prepared with a mango chutney. \n\nNot a fancy place but charming and unique. Amazing seafood dishes, decent prices and super service.\n\nTry it, you'll like it!
Small vanilla soft serve with chocolate crunchies... LOVE Carvel!
This place is great hammers and great crab made me feel like i was back east so roll up your sleeves and get a bib
This is the vegas spot from now on. Love the feel of this place. Love the stickers everywhere, the sticky tables, awesome beers, stiff ass drinks, cool people, awesome bartender, thanks scott for an excellent night..will be back.
I was very unimpressed with the waffles. They were very thin and airy almost like a wafer. No substance taste or texture. Thank God for the strawberries or we would have been starving,  Eggo waffles are better
Long wait, pretty pricy.... large portions of food but not very good. Save some cash if u want breakfast and go to IHOP
This is my favorite place for veggies & fruits. They are so fresh & cheap! Good selection to buy especially if you're into juicing.
This is absolutely the best pizza in Phoenix!  So glad we live nearby so take out is easy. Try it, you'll love it,
This place is awesome. Having just moved from Illinois it was nice to see some Chicago influences. Food is amazing and the owner is extremely friendly, almost like a spastic mother-like figure. Awesome BBQ and the pulled pork is on point!
I had a $25 certificate from restaurant.com so we tried it out.  It was pretty good.  We both got ribs and they appeared to be cooked properly (not par boiled) and were very good.   The atmosphere was pretty cool and the service was fair.   It wasn't a place I needed to go to twice but we were not disappointed.
I'm not a big jerky person, so I couldn't tell you what makes it Thai-style. I popped in here one First Friday desperately hungry and bought a bag. Softest jerky I've ever had! I really enjoy the salmon jerky.
My FAVORITE place to shop!  I like this location better than the one in Tempe Marketplace... even though they supposedly have the same stuff, I always find more things to buy here.   They have all sorts of cute clothes, from dresses and jeans to shoes and sweats, all at great prices!
Had the chicken Marsala. Pretty good. I would go back.
Excellent!!! Had brunch on the patio with the ladies. Excellent food, service and cocktails!
We normally enjoy Red Robin and one of our favorite things is the fries. We had never been to this location but stopped for a quick lunch. The fries were terrible. They were mushy and we didn't even finish the side order that came with our burgers. We won't be visiting this location again.
Airport location, Monday, 6am.  10 minute wait just to be seated, when the restaurant is 1/4 full. 10 minute wait to be served, at the bar.  20 minute wait until the food came, right as I decided it had taken too long and I had to board my flight.  Absolute garbage.  Never again.
Very friendly, quick service, and great food.  Hands down one of my favorite places to go eat!
I came in at 11:30 am to MGM try to check in at the V.I.P registry.., system is down and it's crazy the waiting time to get your reserved room.\n\nIt's 5:12pm and have not checked in yet\nNot koo
My wife just got a haircut at this place and she seems to be pretty happy with her experience. Full marks for the ambience. The stylist name was Nathan and he seemed to be friendly and did a great job. Will be going there again. I strongly recommend R Salon.
The food here is really good. Again you are paying too much for what you get. I just don't understand why a simple burger (American food) is so expensive in the sit down burger joints. Five Guys make just a good hamburger for half the price. Everything here is good way overpriced.
Ok, this place is cool inside ... LOL ... get it?  But it's small and it's pricey to get into.  I mean, exactly how long can a person hang out in here without freezing to death?  They take pictures and then charge an arm and a leg for them.  Crazy.
While the pizza wasn't anything to rave about, the salads, bread, and wine are great. If you're going to do classy fast-food this is definitely the place!
Ordered a bacon portabella melt. I said twice, that I wanted onions on it. Got a little attitude from my order taker when they said \"I already put that on there.\" Got the burger, no onions, one mushroom on the entire burger.
I'm glad we stopped in.  We didn't end up buying anything, but the staff was really nice and helpful.  I know where to get emergency rations now in case I want to stock up!
The car was nice, the service was terrible. Can I give zero stars?
Do not fall for the timeshare crap. They make it look all nice and promising, keep pressuring you offering these ridiculously amazing deals which are really hard to resist. But it's all bullsh#t.
Great breakfast dishes and friendly and helpful servers.\nWhat more do you need in an egg restaurant?\n\nI highly recommend the Veggie Eggs Benedict. It's delicious!
Under a new name E'POQUE (pronounced Epic) with the same high quality beauty services and most importantly, Everett James is still there!
Very small, but wonderful food and wine. Some of the staff mentioned that they worked previously at Bomberos Cafe & Wine Bar (now Timo's Wine Bar).\n\nThe concept of this place is killer.
Beautiful hotel!!  Long walk to the rooms, but wow they are huge.  The restaurants are incredible, Aquanox was my favorite.   Yeah I finally learned to play craps.  \nI would absolutely recommend this place and would stay here again.
Allot of food choices, very vegetarian friendly. The price is okay for the amount of food you get. You must try the omelette bar. You have options for every meal at any time of day. Breakfast, brunch, lunch, and dinner. A must for every visit to Vegas.
Excellent Food at a reasonable price served in a great ambiance.\n\nWaiter forgot our appetizers, offered to make amends.
Great selection of shirts & ties. Always pick one up on a trip to Vegas. The staff this trip was extremely helpful & not pushy at all. They're pricy shirts but the quality & fit is well worth it.
Waste of time and money! Only 3 burlesque dances and 2 comediennes. You pay for your tickets and they don't say anything about an extra charge for a minim charge for a 10 dollar drink. Horrible show!
Long, long wait and the people don't seem to care! The wait isn't worth it for the quality of food!
The Skylofts are in a class of their own. This is by far one of the finest hotels outside of Asia- and the service is unparalleled. I was fortunate enough to stay here for a friend's birthday and it was simply extraordinary. The butler provided five star service and the suite was beautifully appointed and professionally designed.
bland food with no real flavor.  it's more of a wanna be Arriba's  than a Mexican food restaurant.  I hear people talking this place up, but reality is that it is not good.  Service is also blah...no \"thank you\"s or \"come back soon\" etc.
As fresh as fresh can get! Made when ordered. The lettuce wraps and war won ton soup is delish! Recommended :)
This was a sadness pile on a failure plate.   I have had worse but never in a place so widely considered a treasure by the Yelping community.  From recent reviews it looks like this place is a shell of its former glory and that's sad, because the potential is there. From my experience tonight, the rumors may be true.
If you like smoke-filled shitholes without working electrical outlets and staff who wait on you at THEIR convenience, then the Plaza is the hotel for you!\n\nNEVER AGAIN!  I wouldn't return if they paid me.
Liquid was very clean and modern. Small layout. $50 dollar minimum. $15 drinks. However, the pool boys know what customer service means. On hot days, get the frozen fruits $16, its frozen goodness!
Read the the review from DG and they are right.  Great place.  This will be the main barbershop I will go to from now on.
A Montreal institution! A Montreal icon! Impossible to dislike those delicious,soft,warm bagels! Impossible to eat just one! People from out of town make it a point to pull over and pick up a dozen bagels + the great variety of spreads and smoked salmon!
The GM at the Tempe location is absolutely horrible and has no clue what he's doing.. He's a baffoon and was supposed to be fired a long time ago
Randy is extremely kind, patient and honest.  He did everything he said he would and didn't try throwing in some extra fees at the end that were not previously discussed.  He cleaned our floors wonderfully and I would absolutely recommend him to friends and family!
Hundreds of beers in draft, casual atmosphere with unique art on the walls, loud music from my generation, sports on the dozen or so tv's, a a large variety of food styles on the menu, and it's wishing walking distance to my home ;). What's not to love
Didn't know the kids menu was the same as entrees. The Mac n cheese was hardly enough for a small child.  The Bee's Knees beer was lame.
To date, my favorite ramen spot in Vegas. Small location so there are always wait times. But the flavor and quality of the ramen is stellar! Very reasonably priced. Everything you order is prepared fresh as your order is taken. Go here! Trust the fat kid
Ordered a smoked meat sandwich, old fashioned, lean and a black cherry. Simple. Loved it. Ordered a second one. Loved it too.\n\nPrice is reasonable too. \n\nExcellent.
Went ATVing with 6 of us in our family Dec 2013...great experience!  Picked us up at the hotel, ride was great...highly recommend it!
Second time using this laundromat because since my washer died. There is no supervision from parents or the staff which is annoying to me because the lady working here walks past this kid who's running on the counters. The mother doesn't care. Otherwise the laundromat is clean and efficient. Not enough carts.
Great store with wide variety and friendly, helpful staff.  Just be weary of how some of their toys are priced--I found most of the purchases I made in store could have been purchased online for less than half the price. Regardless, the high markup in price may be worth the service, location, and variety.
A great stop!  Vintage photos, antique glassware, toys and a fun little vintage candy section.  Owners have been in the business a while and are very friendly.  Come on Saturday and meet Charlie the dog!  Great old building...if you like ambiance, this place has the best wood floors.
I've come here many times. And every time i always get treated coldly because the staff seems kinda racist towards hispanics. Terrible communication, didn't like coming to our table. And i saw all the mexicans in the back. This place isn't authentic. but the foods pretty good.
This D&B is starting to show its age, but I still enjoy coming here.  I love playing a few games, drinking some beer, watching whatever sports game is on and then seeing a movie at the AMC theater next door.  It's my favorite way to spend a Sunday afternoon!
It can't believe the manager here Sara Morris smokes and sells marijuana to co workers and has sex with them in the parking lot. The public should know that this diseased woman handles your food and works at a place that thinks this is ok. Edgar a former employee can tell you all about it.
Note to self: when landlocked, don't ever eat the fish.  Especially here.  The food was terrible and the drinks were great, but the trampy waitress flirted openly with my boyfriend, which I did not find okay on any level.  So if you find yourself in Vegas, don't go here.
oh my lord I didn't realize I didn't slam this place but I should of because I thought la pinks was slipping but this place gave me the runs and throwing up all through the night. It literally ruined my vacation there.
Dumpy supermarket.  Try another one.  Also, don't hang around after dark.  Gets creepy in this section of town.
Great customer service. I got mega roast beef sandwich. It looks and taste good. I would buy that again. So much selection. I have to go back to taste every one of them lol. I would come back for another sandwich next time.
I dine here every visit to Vegas.  The food is consistantly delicious and the staff is awesome.
Always had a good experience. This is three only mexican restaurant I've been to that actually season their food.
I only go here when I know exactly what I want so I dont have to try and ask an employee for help. 1 out of 10 of there employees actually knows something. Sometimes this place is just so fustrating. Customer service sucks.\n\nBut when I do find something I want it is a really good price.
2 stars = Meh. I've experienced better.\n\nSo i have to give it two stars cause i've experienced better. Long story short I dont really think it was worth the price. My vegetables and rice were cold and I wish I would have walked over to Ethel's for dessert.
Healthy food at an affordable price. Ramen is decent. Had to add some sriracha, soy sauce, and spicy powder to give it more of a kick. No complaints though. Fast and friendly service.
It ok.
They are remodling right now.  Should be nice and new when it is done.
Average steakhouse. Above chain steakhouse prices, but about the same quality. Located inside the Arizona Casino, so it was extremely smoky.  Small, but practically empty. Unless you're a gambler, it's not worth the visit.
The place is nice and neat. Seating were just right. The food here were good, probably just average for my taste. Service was fine as well. Sadly I wasn't quite impressed even though it was recommended to me by a good friend.
Good pizza ... I've only had delivery from them (a couple of times) ... the pizza was fine ... timely delivery ...
Very ordinary food. excellent service. \n\nI ate there earlier this week and have no specific recall of the food--that is not good.
We went there the other day and the service was terrible. We waited in line for 15 minutes and didn't even make it to the front of the line. And, there were people who had been waiting for over 40 minutes to get their pizza. We finally said forget it.\nTERRIBLE SERVICE!
Very poor service, this place used to be good.  I'm not impressed with the service or food.  I walked out this weekend after waiting over 25 min for table.
Worst McDonalds in the history of McDonalds. All of their employees are rude, serve cold food, and have bad attitudes.. Your better off with Taco Bell  a mile away. \n\nDon't waste your time, or money.
Why is it that you have a coupon for a $5 oil and filter change upon check in on Yelp but won't honor that price?
Amazing variety of authentic Japanese dishes.  Very good service.  Great sashimi.  Great eats off the strip.  Good pricing.  Gets busy so find a time that works.
I LOVE this place, favorite spot to drink a fine glass of vino on a beautiful evening in October!  DELISH Bruschetta, pizza, salads, croutons... Ya that's right!  La Bocca is awesome, right down to the croutons, folks!!
Overpriced for what you get. I had the ostrich here sometime ago and was very dissatisfied.
M&M, why do you have to be all the way in Vegas? Why can't be you be in San Francisco so I can eat at your place all the time? I know why because you don't want me to weigh 500 pounds. Thank you M&M for your delicious fried chicken. Can't wait to visit you again.
Service sucks! Jerks abound...
Good place for beer and good eats. Nothing super spectacular but the salads are good. Have not tried much with the food besides salads and apps, but they have Odell's on tap which makes me happy. Fun little local joint.
Great sushi and better service. Never too busy and best sushi in downtown. Nice, small vodka bar feel. Tables are too close to each other and when having a private conversation it becomes a little uncomfortable.
What ever you do, do not let Dr Bergmier put a laser anywhere near your face! He does not have to proper experience and left my face permanently hyperpigmented. I paid 1500.00 to get my face messed up for life. I've spend hundreds of dollars trying to get it corrected. Worst mistake I ever made.
Solid Milkshakes and Falafel - block from my house
I was in town for my daughters graduation and stayed here. The place is newly renovated, very clean and the staff was very nice. The breakfast was okay. The price was fair. I would defiantly stay here again
I was contacted by guest services and all that was said that they were sorry. Thanks for the apology.  At least they have someone all over the reviews that they get.
Good company. I had them put sun screens on 2 houses. I immediately noticed a temperature difference. They provide good customer service. Del even fixed an internal screen that was damaged free of charge.
Been twice, very enjoyable. Great staff. Have tried pizza and the eggplant lasagna. The pizza was good but the lasagna was amazing.  I will be back!
This salon is not a place to get your nails done. The day after getting my nails done they started to chip and look horribly done. They did not paint all the way to the cuticle and told me my nails were ugly.
Lets face it. All USPS locations are slow and about the same with service. Better service is always available at ups or FedEx. However everything,e I go here it's not too slow.
Nice, clean, friendly shop. All the guys in there must be good because it was bustling! Got a tattoo by Chilly and I absolutely love it!
Kylie is fantastic!! Her wash is excellent and her blow dry/styling is one of the best I've seen! Highly recommend
The service was amazing! I had two chips in my window and David took really good care of me. I got the lifetime chip service gaurantee for $39.99. Worht every penny. I was in and out of there in less than 25 minutes! Thank you Techna Glass!!
Had to get some keys cut so I bellied up to the key cutting counter and Dale was there in a flash. He was very personable and professional. I had a variety of keys to cut and Dale got them done quickly. The store was clean and organized and every employee we encountered greeted us with a smile.
never coming back here!!! my 1 year old girl got sick because someone in the room next door were throwing food at the bathroom sink, and came over to my room, flooding all my bathroom with a very particular smell, i went direct to the manager and she didnt do a thing, i only got an apology. its a shame!!!
A trendy wine bar-restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale that celebrates local. Have never had a bad meal or experience at FnB.
The baked Italian sandwich was basically a hot pocket in quality except my crust was burnt. Decent but not worth the price. Great service though.
To begin, the service was great.  However, the ravioli seemed frozen and the meatballs in the spaghetti and meatballs were flavorless.  A lackluster meal all around.
Food is always good!! Awesome value!! Price doesn't reflect how good the quality of food is!! No skimping here!!
I have to agree with Allan. If you have questions don't bother calling because they will never answer. The only way iv made contact was by email. I keep all my phone records by calling them just to show proof in the long hall. They must like the sound of there ringer because they sure as hell don't ever pick up.
Great simple breakfast chow. Don't be afraid of the crowd. They are very fast and the wIt is worth it. Fresh squeezed orange juice is a must. Also, the potatoes are the best I've had. \n\nMy girls always get the chocolate chip waffles with strawberries and nothing is ever left.
Consistently good food.  Outstanding service.  We love the Wan Fu Scallops and order it often.  Inexpensive bottles of wine are a nice plus.  Their portions are large and it is a cozy place.   Definitely give it a try.
Best time I ever had was in this restaurant! Me and my husband  booked our valentine's dinner with them and we had the most wonderful experience . While dinning , you could hear and see the Bellagio fountain running, the food was ok, and everything else worth going! Love it, highly recommend it!
Classrooms are dated...\nIs overflow from George Square...\nCobble and stone charm...
Got my oil changed for a great price - good value and customer service!  I plan on bringing in my Honda here for all future maintenance needs.  The owner was friendly and I trust his opinion a lot more than those dealerships that try to scare me into doing unnecessary work.  I'm happy to support honest and hardworking small businesses!
Drove from Surprise to get here.  We weren't disappointed!  Great Italian food - huge deli department.  Wonderful breads and pasteries.  Mouthwatering treats.  We'll be Back!!
Good price on full synthetic oil change and its quick and easy and got my tires rotated for free.  Need some other things done they said but seemed a little spendy.
Great stuff!  Food is good, drive thru is very convenient and, like it's cousin Eastwind, the sushi is pretty good too.  Definitely a diamond in the rough.  The Bento Boxes are absolutely the way to go.  Plus they serve Pepsi, and I like that better.
Came here a few times and enjoyed it. However, I've been coming by the last few Saturday evenings and have never found it open, despite the window claiming openness on Saturdays. The lack of predictable hours (and lack of ANY posted hours) makes this a poor choice for gelato.
I've found the service here to be pretty terrible. Servers can be pretty careless about taking care of simple things and my friends have had similar experiences. The food is really pretty good, but if the overall service sucks, then well, it makes it hard to enjoy a tasty meal. Sorry Storm, you need to improve this.
The oysters here were really good. The price here is very fair for seafood. Although the reason that I'm giving this place only 3 stars is because our main entree was drenched in salt. We ordered the seafood gumbo and I had to take a gulp of water everytime I took a bite of my gumbo.
I really really wanted to like this place.\n\nAs soon as you walk in, your like \"damn, its a nice place\". \n\nHowever, the sushi is your typical fried fare and does not compare to rival \"Maiko\" directly across the parking lot.
This place is an Arizona treasure.  I have been going there for 15 years now and it's always consistently good.  I recommend the 7Q & 9Q with black beans and jerk fried rice.  The included Snicker Doodle cookie makes it a complete meal.
Did some Christmas Shopping and found some shoes that my Son wanted here.  The staff was very friendly and helped me find the right size and model.  The checkout process was smooth despite the long line.  I was in/out in 15 min.....not bad for Christmas.\n\nWill I return?  Just Do It!
Sooo blacked out here that\nWe heckled the guitarist.\nNot sorry. He sucked.
Food is good but only during regular hours. shure during happy hour margaritas are good price but food menu changes and selection is not good. Only coming for dinner.
This place is great! My wife and I went for our 1 year anniversary. We wanted something special and memorable and they did not disappoint! The services was excellent and they catered our night with regards to our celebration. It was a great environment and wonderful atmosphere. Would go back again anytime!
This used to be a much cooler club. However, for some reason they changed the name and the decor... not bad now but I miss the old one.
They served me the smallest burrito I've ever seen.  When I asked if it was a normal size burrito they said no it looks small but didn't do anything about it either.  It tasted ok but over priced and as everyone mentions service is very bad.
Awesome venue and great food. I'm a fan and will be back
The Addiction was ok for me. The presentation is nice and the food is... Well.... I've eaten WAYYY better food than this. The soup I ate was really gross
Awfull coffee. Hot water with a hint if coffee. Terrible music. Drafty. Well the wifi was free. I guess Starbucks is not my cup of ...
The best goat roti in Charlotte!
Too salty to eat! I've never eaten such a bowl of salty noodle like this. Except for the taste, it's clean.
Always good service and friendly but it tends to take a little longer than I like to be done
The staff is really nice, the prices are good, and they are right in style.  A good mix of used and new.  Accessories are local, as well as unique and they are open to giving advice.  Great place!
The best of the best !!!!! My boys have been going for years .. You will love it and you will feel like family from the minute you meet:)
Excellent breakfast and lunch. Quality food and you get plenty with your order. Good drink menu too. I always get a French Bloody Mary. yum!
The food here is absolutely delicious! I would highly recommend their thai green curry (has a nice spicy kick to it), and the pad thai is worth a try as well. Unfortunately, the service is incredibly, incredibly slow.
The place is clean, menu is decent but an employee (apparently the manager?) was belligerantly drunk and running her mouth at the bar.  One drink and done for me, won't be back.  Ethically cannot support that behavior.
When I was a student I used to eat here every week religiously. My arteries paid for it but it was a lot of fun. It's a good place to hang out and just soak up the atmosphere. Sure there's better smoke meat elsewhere, Reuben's is just a fun place to be.
Great ice cream and for a cause!  Only open during business hours.  For each different flavor a portion goes to a cause i.e. to help with someone's medical bills or to replace a home that burned down.  \n\nThey have about 20 different flavors and basic toppings (no sundaes).
Boring is the word that comes to mind. The pizza was flavorless and soggy. We took it home and rebaked it added some spice and it was ok. Had frozen that was better. There has been a management change int the last couple of months so that may explain but we had one slice and threw it out.
I've used these guys twice and just about to take more stuff in for service. Prices are good. The services is fast and covers everything from shoes to luggage. Convenient hours. They are also open till 7PM, not 6PM as stated here on Yelp. Pay with cash: may get a better deal.
This is TRUE vietnamese food. This is an underground place that has food that is definitely a winner. The staff are extremely sweet =)
Best Cigar Bar in town! I'm a frequent visitor of Fox's and refuse to go to any other cigar bar. The staff is super friendly and attentive. They always have the best craft beers and they know how to make the best mixed drinks!
Not as good as I was expecting. Just decent.. Our server was definitely pushy when it came to certain things. Paid in cash, said we needed cash back and she made it seem like we were finished and we had to ask for the change back.. She was nice though.
Not a lot of variety for the price. There was nothing that tasted really good that I would recommend wasting your money on. There are much better places to eat in Vegas.
The SW wrap is amazing! It's a touch on the expensive side at $11 though. The salads are very good too.
I love this place. They always make you feel so welcome and at home. They do a fantastic job, and really listen when you tell them what you want.
I would give it 5 starts but it can be quite \"Bro'd out\", for lack of a better term, at times. Good beer and good food though!
The Korean bbq pork lunch box with kim chi and pickled cucumbers was knock your socks off good.  Such a welcome addition to the Capitol area food cart scene.  And thanks for the friendly vibe.
One of my favorite pizza places!! I've only ordered delivery but would dine in if I wasn't so lazy!!! ;) I love the wheat crust option!!! Zucchini sticks are delicious..,and I could go on...!!!!
Terrible service, the worst I've ever had in town. Don't come here, plenty of good places for food around town. The old lady at the front door was so rude.
Terrific company!  I had a leather recliner that needed repair & cleaning. Called Friday afternoon. They picked it up, fixed it and returned it to my home Saturday afternoon. First class service all around & nice people too.
I always look forward to their ice cream sodas. They have great daily specials too. they have good old fashion home cookin'\n\nAmbient - Retro.
I have been through this airport more times than I wish and I have yet to find the sky priority security lane. To my knowledge it does not exist. With this many people coming through here it should be easier to access. Every week travelers should have the ability to bypass the long line of weekend gamblers.
The rooms are dark and dirty. The front desk help is more concerned with their personnal phone calls instead of customer service. If you have a run in with the manager Nicole Heater just turn and run because she will make your stay more miserable than it will already be.
Nothing special. I've had better chicken, fried okra was not crispy, corn bread ok I guess, Waffle House waffles are better. But the fried chicken gizzards were excellent.
Stopped in here for a drink w friends... The bartender was super friendly and if you get a players card you get 20$ free play!! Awesome! The food was good, hot pizza n wings... This place is Nothing extravagant but they do have great service n hot fresh food.
It was average at best.   I would much rather eat at Grimaldi's, nothing beats Grimaldi's.    I eat at the one at Park West off the 101 and Northern.    You'll thank me later.
stimulating......kinda like chocolate
Located in front of The Bellagio Hotel Casino (duh) on the Famous Las Vegas Strip. This a wondrous and free attraction that is a must see when you visit our town. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
The food was awesome!  The waiters where very helpful and the manager greeted us so i would highly recommend this to others.
Fun, laid back atmosphere.  Affordable. Lot's of cheap specials. 2 bars including a dwarf bar that is staffed by dwarf bartenders. (yeah, it sounds kinda cheesy, but the bartenders were hot!!)  Have been here many times on vacation and plan on going back again.
I really liked this salon, the staff were really nice, and a beautiful decor, however my stylist Janelle moved on to R salon, and I really like how she did my color and cut, she even taught the salon about color, so I had to go with her.
Easy to navigate, there isn't a lot of clutter which i like. The staff is very friendly and they also have designated areas for everything.
The food is average but tasty, but I the service is outstanding.  Our server was extremely nice and attentive and competent, and the place was jumping with the lunch rush.  I'd go back.
One of the best places for breakfast/brunch. Service is fast. Out of all the times I have been there, have only had one meal that was not up to snuff. The pancakes are the best. Portions are equal to the price.
love!! love!!! love this place!! karaoke rocks! pizza is bomb! beer is ice cold!! My roomie, Marian and I come here all the time! The service is so friendly I feel like family. Have never been more welcome in a pizza place. Love you guys!!!
Their Roman style cuisine is good, but I have had better Italian dinners in my home neighborhood of North Beach, San Francisco.  \n\nI will give them an extra star for being in an interesting location (former women's prison).
This Starbucks is in the corner of the plaza off of 79. It's great because it's a drive-thru (but it can be a little slow and you should enter from the side) No major issues in terms of my drink orders so far.
Cool place! Cool decor! Beautiful servers!\nCreative food (in mini-mini portions)\nService SUCKS!!!\n\nGo for a drink and some olives, move on to the next place.
Just waited 7 minutes for an iced latte even though there was no one in front of me! Chic started talking to her friends and totally forgot about me! Epic fail. I guess my $1 tip wasn't enough.
Very friendly and accommodating staff. Location is convenient and prices are reasonable. The shop is not the most upscale venue but clean and gets the job done. Steve and staff made sure I was satisfied and let me know that's what they are there for :)
I was pleasantly surprised at how good the food was.  I would defiantly be back again.  Nice variety of foods, quick easy lunch, great prices and Staff was extremely friendly!!
Belle petite place feutr\u00e9e o\u00f9 l'on s'entend parler. Les cocktails sont bons et les prix sont raisonnable consid\u00e9rant le quartier.
Julie's nail salon is very good however it would be nice to have WiFi access to get work done while enjoying the pleasure of a pedicure!!! Come on Julie, get WiFi!!!!
Stale waffles. Small, sour strawberries, and the ultimate food crime - chocolate that is too sweet.  Uh, what a disappointment!
I actually can't even believe I'm leaving this place two starters I've gone to both Crown and Anchor bars and they have both been horrible horrible experiences yucky boring food not to mention slow slow service overall just a dump!  It's kinda a place kids go to watch soccer and game on dirty machines.
they have a wide variety of dimsum and decently tasted. the hargow's layer is not so durable, it often rips when picked up by chopsticks.
OK-its far form the strip (summerlin) but it is a nice hotel that you can get a a very good rate and they have shuttles to the strip & airport. so worth the money saving!
Disgusting un edible food and way overpriced. Better eat fast food or sit down restaurant and order from menu.
ok service. rice was dry.  then once i came got home i had it coming back... from both ends.  WILL NOT BE BACK
The food is not up to par, nothing seems fresh. Something tells me the microwave is working overtime in the back. Went to just drink one night with my husband and the bartender was less than attentive. Would really recommend a whole menu overhaul.
Old, smells, and not enough signs. Not a fan.
I used to love this place, but the last few times service has been kind of lame, and the food just is'nt what it was... has a really strange vibe as well...
i hate going to places that i can goto near home, in Phx for the Cubs games.. but my daughter wanted pizza and we saw Z and had to go becuz we know how good it is. I like this one alot better then ours.
AYCE is awesome. Makes me wonder though why every time we come visit it's a different chef. Hmmm *scratches chin.* Nonetheless, experience was never bad. I would come back, especially if they keep the chirashi in the menu. :)
Came on time, fully prepared. Did not try to upsell. Best and most honest in the business. I've already referred Charles to friends. I'll never use another.
Got their burger and wings no flavor what's so ever. Huge disappointment. One star cause service was ok.
Great place to shop in vegas but make sure you have lots of room on your credit card or hit the atm before you go. All high end retailers with quality goods but it will cost you.But hey,its VEGAS! Spend some money,have some fun.
This place USED to have amazing Pizza. I guess they are under new management now and the food sucks! The pizza came to to my house cold and it seemed as if they put a lot of cheese on a round semi cooked piece of bread. I've had better pizza for a better price at Dominos.
Late nite meal. Gyro was a bit dry. Coleslaw and fries were great.\n Rice pudding was great.
Everything was simple excellent.  The food, the ambiance (we ate outside) and the service.  One of the best southwest flavor meals I have had in the Valley.  I had the seafood enchilada.  Two for one margarita's on Monday!
Terrible service and way too loud music. Waited for refills way longer than I should have. Waitress wasn't polite. The good news is that I got a free drink when I checked in on yelp:)
This Place is DIRTY DIRTY DIRTY all the time!!!! Lazy employees. Please hire someone other than a nineteen year old for the fast times.
Seriously the best web designer out there...super happy with my new website and the amazing customer service I received! Highly recommend if you are looking for a amazing website!
I crave their caprese bruschetta night and day! Literally the best thing I have ever eaten!
I've been going here since I moved to Scottsdale. Having very prominent, thick eye brows, I am super picky, but Marina is my go to girl. She has the same obsession for perfect brows like I do and has worked with me over the years to even them out. The staff is super friendly and they have great monthly specials
I worked with George at Eagle Services..  \n\nWe had a breaker issue due to a short that was happening because of our water feature.  George quickly fixed the problem and did so in a timely and cost effective manner.\n\nThank you Eagle Service and thank you Yelp.
So so many hidden fees!  Don't believe ticket prices on the website. You should expect $10~ 15 as a hidden fee per ticket.
Had a blast. Came on a Saturday night, host said 2 hour wait. We only waited an hour. Management very attentive and friendly. Will be back again.
The prices at the gas station used to be almost better than anywhere else.  Not anymore.  Now I only purchase gas when I'm running on fumes and I am at the gym.  Otherwise I rather use the station in the corner of Tatum and Union Hills.  Seems to have the best prices.
Castello is a 'must stop' when I go to the centre of town.  Nice coffee, good food, cool staff.  Only downside is that it's a bit small, but you can sit outside in the warmer days of the year.
This place is the quintessential Mama's Kitchen. Everything is amazing, and try the cheesecake. It is the lightest and fluffiest dreamy cheesecake I have ever eaten.
Poor customer service!!! Was in drive thru 16 min for one smoothie with 3 people working!
Great outlet with lots of variety. Discounts are not that much but is always a place I must go when in Vegas.
The shrimp and grit here is great! The menu is a bit more expensive than similar style restaurants, but they do provide good food. It's a very laid back and wonderful atmosphere for personal or group dining. Would definitely come back if I'm in the area again.
Amazing food. I come here during lunch time and always get the panang curry with vegetables. The soup they bring when you sit down is delicious, the veggies are always fresh and the curry is perfect. Five stars!!
Always good. Tonight on impulse walked there and back on a crowded Friday. Won about $80 for $20  on machine at bar. Not bad, even if my sandwich was no good.
Great job! I took my new car in after the dealer couldn't fit me in. My car was done in a few hours at considerably less than the dealer quoted .Easy for me to recommend to all.
Free wifi if your smoking cigars.\nThe beer is cold and the prices are very reasonable.\nFreaky behind the bar is awesome
Came her to pay more down on a rental made through another location and the person helping us was such an asshole! Made it take an hour when it should have took five minuets. Don't go to this location!!!!
really really cold bibimbap.\n\nsuper-ketchupy super-weak-ass chili sauce.
This is the slowest serving panda express I have ever been to. Four different visits here and every time it took more then 20 minutes to get through the drive thru. VERY slow.
Good selection of organic and gluten free products.   This location is a bit run down and found moths in two separate containers, ( Cookies and  the bulk nuts)
Nice place just next to Royal Mile. Serves traditional bar lunches and has decent selection of beers on tap. Not too expensive given it's touristy location and bar meals were good value as well.
Pretty good waffles I like that you can choose your toppings and your waffle batter. It was moderately busy when I went and our drink order came when we were nearly done eating. \nFood is served on throw away plates and the forks are plastic.
Great Pizza & service. Will go back
I was  very disappointed, the sandwiches was very small, it was spicy which did not indicated,  it was a chicken breast sandwich.  I wish I had gone to the pita house instead. Subway had a better chicken breast foot long and twice as big and the same price!!!
Good value for your money although not always consistent in the food quality. This is not a place to impress your date, it's very casual. I have been coming here ever since it was just a hole in the wall and will keep coming back. Trust me, you will not leave this place hungry because of the generous portions.
Pretty good place for breakfast. I wasn't a big fan of all the pancake flavors. Too sweet for breakfast I think. The non-sweet dishes were pretty good and I'd come back for those and just get a regular stack if I ever come back.
A little pricey but the service is so good. So helpful with picking out the right shoe for you. They are very knowledgeable and I have gotten my last 3 pairs of shoes there and will most likely buy my next three there.
Delicious!\n I always get the reina pepiada, rice, beans, and a cachapa. The employees here are friendly are very helpful when it comes to explaining the menu. I frequent this place very often and always try to bring friends and family. Every person I've brought here loves the food. Two thumbs up!
I ate here once for lunch. Grilled chicken (see photo), I remember I liked it but I think it was a bit more on the salty side and slight uncook on the inside. The ambiance of the place was nice,heavy on the bar side, a very typical catering for Montreal's summer tourists.
We been here a couple times now and have always received fresh hot food. The philly cheesesteak and the 57 burger are standouts.They have a soda fountain so you can share drinks. A good value for lunch or a late night snack.
Oh so horrible. Do not ever take. You will be waiting forever. Or longer. Vile. Service? No! You'd be better walking to your hotel.
Goldie's has very good food. Can't say I ever had a bad meal. However, if you are looking for a beer and munchies, hands down they have the best nachos and wings. Great prices on beers during HH. Margaritas, wines are just okay.
Stopped in for a quick lunch. Gyro pita wrap with Greek salad. Service was quick and friendly. Food was tasty and well made. \n\nAs always, a good experience.
Exactly what the doctor ordered.  Good pizza, great service, casual atmosphere.\n\nWent twice in three days!
I contacted this guy about a mortgage.  He was unethical, a liar and to this day I cannot get off his mailing list.  I ended out going with another person.  I would not recommend him to sell your pet.
Are you freakin' kidding me 5 guests (mind you, one never ate) and $200 bucks later we're still hungry? Are. you. kidding. me. \n\nMmmyea... goodluck staying aboard.
Vdara is a great place to stay if you want your property stollen from your locked room. Then when you approach management about it they act like you are the criminal, do NOT do anything to compensate for the injustice, then have the audacity to charge you full price for your stay.
We decided to give this place a try because of the reviews.  Not the best avocado smoothie but the boba is darn good! I would agree the boba is best in vegas. Friendly service. Friends had mango and plum smoothies and they both likes theirs.
Went there today based on the reviews, we weren't disappointed. We had the carne asada tacos and a breakfast burrito. Both were delicious and reasonably priced.
I loved the mixed grain salad, I added grilled shrimp to it and it was delicious. My husband had the crabcake sandwich and a side of awesome mac and cheese. Everything was wonderful here and the waitstaff  were great as well. Can't wait to go back.
can get to by using the light rail and free wifi, it's okay but this is the best in phx!
Food is good but overpriced and tables are not enough
Sumits yoga is addicting.  You feel so great after these hour and 15 minute classes.  My favorite teacher is Jordan--he rocks.
Very good restaurant! Hidden in strip mall very friendly staff and food was excellent! Highly recommended we sampled all meats it is tough choice did green chili and didn't regret it. Support this local gem!
I can't say enough good things about this place!  Not only is the sushi amazing, but the atmosphere and friendly service always remind us why we love it here.  Saki at the sushi bar is very welcoming had helpful when choosing new rolls to try.  Try the Primo and AZ rolls, you won't be disappointed!
I really like the signature toasted almond cake, but have been mostly disappointed with the other things I've tried here. I've also not been pleased with the employees - they're not very friendly.
Decent food, but nothing to rave about. The worst thing about this place is you can't enjoy the food you eat because its so damn COLD! I get that it's summertime in Vegas but come on! It was unbearable!! The food is not worth the bad experience.
Huge disappointment. It saves us a trip to the strip-we will stick with Flemings. Filet was dry and the Ribeye was flavorless. Mac and Cheese was ok. Service was not up to par. The best part of the night was my Dark and Stormy.
Everything was delicious! No complaints had the #9 will grilled onions and cheese fries... Could not finish but amazing.
The crowd was a little young.. I went on a Friday night.. It wasn't super packed so that was good.  They were playing better beats at the spot next door, Zuma.. \n\nCue club is a cool place if you're looking for a casual spot just to hang out..
Had the singapore noodles, they were OK - not great but OK.  Great patio seating to people watch on Scottsdale road.  The female bartenders are nice on the eyes.
Disgusting. I don't like it. A lot of crazy people, very dirty. Homeless people. We took bus here, it took more than 1 hour because of traffic. The big screen was nothing special.
Typical bar ... nothing special.  Bartenders are really friendly though.  Ordered a glass of wine and attempted to enjoy it, but some guy was smoking a cigar behind me, so that's all I could focus on.
this place has potential. the food was okay, not the greatest. but not the worst.
Worst customer service ever! Customer service told us to come in the store to change out a battery and charger it took them over an hour of fighting with us in store before they finally handled it.
Going on my 5th haircut and beard trim from Lilly at Elliott & Co. and my wife has never been happier.  Because let's face it, if the wife's happy, I'm happy.
Cute show but too many kids in the audience for me.   Great for families.  Enjoyed the Asian theme and acrobatics.
best tacos in Vegas very upscale! chef paco makes amazing food here! my favorite host Is Alisa! I love this place its open 24/7. its a must try!!!
now if it wasn't for the drinks an donuts we ordered being delicious, the service was extremely rude. i am on vacation from Los Angeles and was excited to try DD for my first time and was sadly disappointed. i will return to a dunkin' donuts someday, just not this location.
I've only gone twice so far and its been an amazing experience. I love this place. The crab cakes are to die for...
This is the most amazing hamburger this side of the sun. I pound it on the reg, and and eat an occasional burger.
5 of us sat down and ordered a shot and a beer. With us previously have NOT been drinking, the manager came up and said he was not gonna serve us hard liquor... We got up and left. Have fun at this place!
I came here twice. Once when I was sober-ish and the other time when I was shit faced.\n\nIt wa sooo much better when I was hammered, and that isn't saying much.
This place is seriously one of my favorite places to eat! The food is so good and the service is always excellent, I'm not vegetarian but I still love their food! Their espresso is also absolutely AMAZING! I constantly recommend this place.
Absolutely love Barrett Jackson - gets better every year. Great cars & awesome food vendors.
Great food; a little far to drive to from Surprise but worth the trip, especially if you're in the area. They went out of their way to try and accomodate me with a spicy beef Thai salad - it wasn't what I'm used to but turned out well.
So sad it's closed!!!!
Here we go again, HOT SPOT! are you new in town and want a piece of AZ yo remember.  This is it. Great wines, champagne and the food is Delish! Give them a try you won't be disappointed.. Tell them Emoneyblue sent you...
great customer service, wonderful salads, and great cheese curds :) I enjoyed it\n!
Delicious. My whole family loved it. You don't need to go to Disney Land to enjoy a Dole Whip in Las Vegas.
This is as good as cheese gets in Montreal. Cheaper than Val-Mont next door, which competes for fancy cheeses.
Had a great experience at this store. Carey Knight was our salesperson, and he is awesome! Will definitely be returning for any future purchases.
Great sandwiches and rootbeer floats..I will return for sure!
Unfortunately this location is close to my house and the worst location for a pharmacy. The wait time is too long for dropping off. They hardly ever have what I need.  I haven't been back in 8 years. I will gladly drive out of my way to 70 th and Shea to get my scripts which are always prompt at that location.
Got to admit, this place is somewhat of a dive. But this is the BEST hot dog place in the west. And im not the only one to think thag way. There currently ranked 8th in the usa. Best hot dogs. Charcoal grilled with whatever toppings you want!!!!
The food and service was amazing! Some of the best Burmese food in town. I suggest the Lemongrass Beef entree. It was delicious. The space is cute and the staff was friendly. Worth checking out!
Stopped by during a brief trip to the area. The food here was very heavy of lard, or whatever they use to cook everything in. Made me slightly ill from sitting in my tummy undigested. Blah. \n\nI'll pass next time.
Went last night for first time only because we had a gift cert.  Not impressed. Server was odd, table was crammed in a corner, flies everywhere ..... Just a weird menu selection.  We won't return.
A good place to explore on a weekend. Many diverse offerings but often a little pricey.
Love everything about this place! The food and service are always on point.  The quinoa stuffed avocado is unbeatable! The yuka and plantains are always great and the chicken is superb.  A+!
The Flame is No longer burning. This Vintage, Iconic Steakhouse has closed its doors     for good in September of 2014.\n\nConstruction has begun on a new place. So Sad.
Big puddle in the floor on the to go side waited 15 minutes for an order that was supposed to be ready ten minutes ago. Finally left after being ignored by staff. Will not be returning.
Oh Seaboat... your delicious fried fish sandwiches and fried okra are more than worth braving some of the most ghetto areas of Champaign in the dead of night...
This is a place that is good for both family and date night. We usually order the bourbon salmon, so good, always perfectly cooked with really good smokey flavor and of course the bourbon sauce is amazing. My kids usually order the self made pizza, they have fun making and eating the food.
This Whataburger is like stepping onto the set of Cocoon. The average of the diners has to be over seventy.
Divey pub with a decent atmosphere.  A little too smokey for my taste and the beer selection on tap is nothing to brag about.  The crowd was a combination of skater types and preppy types.  It was interesting but not that exciting.
Slightly different layout this year from last, feels a lot more crowded and not as many whiskies??
Took a chance and was pleasantly surprised! One of the best haircuts I've ever had! I will definitely go back.
I have been to many of the Oregano's. I was sorely disappointed in this one. No cold beer? Please?
Pretty good theatre... Wish they would open up a cine Capri at this location... Great staff and always clean theaters :-)
Yup... VEGAS MAN! Seriously... Earl of Sanwich kept me alive for all 4 days in vegas! Never got sick of it... and always carving for some Earls! I'm carving some right now! Oh, too bad I'm in California! :(
Good food, reasonable process and great service!!!  Vikki was awesome!!! :-)
Amazing store! Great baristas, my drink is always perfect, and the new remodel makes for a 5 star location! :)
My favorite Thai restaurant, flavored food, impeccably clean. The place may be small, but warm/cozy and very welcoming. Very friendly humble service crowning best Thai food around. I discovered it just last week and I have been back for more already.\nI highly recommend it!
I was brought here by a friend for lunch. Let me tell you this was one of the nicest places I have been in Vegas. Very good service and the food was great. I will definitely be returning.
One of the best burritos I have ever had. The staff was friendly and quick service.\n I found this using Yelp and it did not disappoint.
Just have to say my room had a missing light bulb to help hide dinginest. Left in 3 minutes and booked room across the street at La Quinta.  Paid more but will sleep better. Wish I could have given Red Roof a quarter of a star.
Went there around noon today and they were out of waffle batter. It's right there in your name folks. That was unbelievable.
Half price mimosas on sundays, you can't go wrong. David had the delicious garden pasta, and i had an awesome omelet. There was live music as well, and plenty of outdoor seating for us and sammie:-)
Great Pho, even better prices! \n\nVery authentic hole in the wall type place. Always with a line out the door. \n\nIf you are in the area and in the mood for Pho, this place is won't let you down.
Slow, boring food. Two stars because the staff were nice and the good didn't look like it would make me sick.  There is no reason to come back.
Menu had hardley anything to choose from. Waiter seemed to be very knowledgablee but after order was taken we really didnt see him much. Food was very bland and not good tacos were suppose to come on flour tortillas but came on corn instead. Not happy at all and will not be going back.
Love it great service awesome food and a very nice atmosphere I love it!\n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/LosArmandosBarraYAsadero
$10.58 for a medium-sized chicken sandwich meal. Not very good, but one of the few places open at 2am on a Wednesday night :-(
Quick service, pretty place and great sushi
Good food and great prices!\n\n\nThe food was good and it sure hit the spot. The shrimp chow Mein was my favorite
Why should I visit Las Vegas if the Star Trek Experience is CLOSED?  Las Vegas Mayor had better wise up before I trek cross country again!  I want a bigger & better experience before I drop down $2000.00 on a much deserved vacation!
I will choose Dutch Bros over sbux any day of the week. I might have a bit of an addiction, which is really dangerous because my new apartment is right down the road...
Very Yummy BBQ here. You can smell it from the parking lot. It is in the middle of the neighborhood, but don't doubt it! You get mini donuts at the end of your meal.
Great Vapes employees are extremely friendly and fast with great customer service. They have a great selection and a lot of know how. The house juice tastes like a premium craft and all his prices are lower than the competition! Would recommend to a stranger and best friend alike.
Really great place!!! Everything is awesome, the food, the service, and the happy hour deals!
This theatre is pretty nice, the cine Capri is huge and has great sound. The ticket pricing is ridiculous! For my wife, son and I was almost 30$!! Crazy
Not amazing but a good stop to pee and grab a drink. It is so very windy here! Watch out for sand in your eyes!
Store selections are all right. Definitely one of those \"get what you need and get out\". One of my biggest gripes are the people working the kiosks  are terribly annoying by trying to sell their products.
Food was okay, service sucks. Took close to 10mins to take our order, (nobody in front of us) not even acknowledgement that we were waiting. Forgot our drinks.
The Pho here never fails me!! I Loove their selection & food! Sunday brunch was awesome!!!
Gross gross gross. I don't know why we walked in here. Being drunk should make everything taste better!!
I love their tuna melt! That was my favorite and I would come back for it. I also tried their Montagu sandwich and that was okay. The price is pretty decent for being in Vegas and the sandwiches are good sizes. Not too small, not too large.
This was my second time at Encore Beach Club, and enjoyed it both times. We had a day bed for my friend's bachelorette party and was well worth it. Huge and clean pool, great DJs and music, food and alcohol were good, staff was great! Can't wait to come back in June!
So surprising how amazing the food is here. This is the first time I have given 5 stars, and Ohjah truly deserves it. An unassuming location and building opens up to a truly wonderful experience.  Sushi rolls are delicious and well balanced mix of flavor, texture and rice, entrees flavorful and melt in your mouth delicious.
Legit Indian food with a nice patio. What else do you want me to say?
This was a great outdoor shooting range. All the way north on Decatur Blvd, not far from where we live. $7 per person for the whole day, just have to watch a short safety video. You can bring your own ammo and targets. Very friendly staff. Will definitely go back there.
Food was ok!  Kinda over priced but its Vegas!!\nDrinks were a little watered down.
The pizza is great here, my family and I have been here more times than I can count but tonight we walked out because of the terrible service.  We were promptly seated and the place was not really busy with plenty of staff.  We waited more than 10 minutes without anyone coming to our table, really disappointed because we love this place.
Oh my god. Amazing falafel. Tasty pita. What more can you ask for?!?! I was so ridiculously full after stuffing my face with this portable awesomeness (aka The Banzo pita sandwich) but boy was I happy. No regrets.
This is a restaurant on site  at fire sky, it's pricey and has an Italian themed food style, lots of attention, went for pizza, upscale pizza, not a kids taste, fresh baked or heated bread. Attentive service
Great pizza for a reasonable price. Very creative to offer take & bake and makes dinners much more efficient.
Very respectable people.
We went here for a friend's birthday dinner and did the restaurant week menu. I was severely disappointed. The amount of food and the quality of food is really not up to par. The steak that we were served was cold. I've had much better sushi on Ventura Blvd. Avoid this place. Overrated.
Huh? Why is this one of the most raved buffets on the strip? The food selection was meh and the food was not that great. Fresh, but very bland.  I would much prefer a trip of the M buffet, where they have steamed & seasoned crab legs.
This place is awesome! Staff is always friendly and food is always good! Wings are good and the crab puffs are amazing!
Food is good but dishes are a little high in price.
After calling 10 different Upholstery Shops I finally found Sonny's. Not only could they get me in quickly, but they quoted me the best price. If you're looking for great upholstery work at a great price then I suggest you don't look any further.
Average steak restaurant. Overpriced for the value.\n\nGood service.
Had the prime rib last night on new years eve. AMAZING!
I found a place near campus that has some of the Korean, Japanese, Hawaiian food I like. I got the Katsu Bento which was pretty good. The portion was good I was satiated after my meal. As far as quality it wasn't anything memorable, but nonetheless it is probably a place I'll frequent out of convenience.
Not only are they the SLOWEST pharmacy they very seldom have the medication in stock that you will need. Do yourself a favor and go down the road and don't even bother stopping here they're going to send you to Desert Inn location anyways.
2am in Vegas? Denny's! 1 Busboy, 1 waitress. Fast service, tastes good. Hasn't been updated in years, cold as hell. Good place for a quick meal.
Worst rib I ever had.\nHave been to two smoke house in at.louis. Both use wood. However, I guess they use charcoal instead of wood to cook. The rib smells horrible and the color is black.
The waiter spilled curry sauce all over me and didn't even offer an apology. \nNot only did I pay for a crappy meal but I also had to pay for my dry cleaning. \nDon't go the service sucks and so does the food.
Terrible food. The cheapest nastiest tortillas I've ever had. And how hard is it to roll a burrito that doesn't just fall apart? Hate.
Food choices are very limited. Waiters/waitresses don't really make too much of an effort to take away dirty dishes. This is just a very mediocre place to go eat Chinese. There are other places that are better. Save your money.
An okay indoor zoo. Displays are kind of run down. Smaller than I thought it would be.
This is where I go to study or use the wifi. The music is not super loud and every one seems really chill. I'm not a huge coffee drinker. I usually just get an iced tea, but it's good. I come here like every other week or once a week to get stuff done!
Great rooms with comfortable beds. LOVE the remote controlled sheer and blackout shades and the ability to set the tv and AC to go on at a certain time every morning. VERY cool.
Wolfgang Struck out on this one.  7 member squad and nobody liked it.  Very bland, very boring.  We're all from NJ & NY so maybe that's why??  Wouldn't spend another dollar there again.
The food here is great and a nice atmosphere too.  The pretzel with fondue was delicious and the bruschetta is perfect. Great beer here as well even though it is a wine bar so double plus.
Best breakfast. Loved the veggie omelette with hash brown. Tony the owner is very nice and friendly.
My boyfriend and I have become regulars and always get the fish tacos! We love this place!  Best in town! And great prices. The servers are all friendly. Ask about the specials too!
This is my go to snow ice place, especially on a hot day. My favorite is cantelope with condensed milk, it taste almost like heaven. the flavor doesnt taste artificial at all and the fruits also taste sweet, not bitter. i recommend this to all my friends and family.
The positive is that the menu has something for everyone to choose. The negative? You'll wait forever for it, while listening to smoove jazz, and then get diarrhea.
Absolutely the worst cleaners in the world. Great staff but the worst cleaners. I took 5 blazers in 2 weeks ago and the ruined the shoulder pads on all of them. And I hat to press all of them. I'll drive to phoenix and go to a real one. Don't go!
Seriously have no idea why people think this is even remotely a decent burger.  For fast food give me In n Out or nothing.  This burger is boring, no flavor at all, no seasoning no chargrill.  Average.  Would rather be Tom Hanks in Castaway and eat a crab that is still living.
Super friendly staff and a great menu. The lamb was fantastic as were the sliders. Best option is to share choices and try different dishes.  A must try is the crab stack salad and I added jalape\u00f1o which was fantastic. Glad we came. Bringing kids next time.
Meh, alright food with a great alcohol selection.  Just don't be in a rush.  Friendly staff but slower than erosion.
Friendly service & BOMB food!! I'll drive downtown to Eat anytime it's totally worth it!
Just had the Flyin Hawiian with chicken. It was amazing!
This place has exceptional food and service! I try to come here at least once a week because I enjoy the food so much! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu! They make a killer chicken shawarma which is hands down my favorite.
Casual place. Smells are fantastic. We sat at a window and had a nice view of the strip. Eats okay. Had the veal marsala. I hate to say it, but it is true, this doesnt hold a candle to the same dish at Caraba's.
Green papaya salad was good. Shrimp was a bit overcooked and cold, but service was nice.
It's is a good place is you like the originals that BK serves. The original chicken sandwich
Not sure what the rave about this place.  Decent sandwich at a decent price.  \n\n3 Stars.  Chances are I'll be back but wouldn't go out of my way for it.
This is a wonderful place to eat some really good sushi. I come here a few times a week with a variety of friends and all have loved it. The service had been awesome and specials are well within everybody's budget. Gotta try it!! Keep up the great stuff
i got the famous andys sage benedict.  it was a little on the bland side, but because the portions are so big and the presentation really makes the atmosphere fun and exciting ill be going back for more..
One of my favorite hotels In Vegas! Rooms are huge and the bathroom is also nice and big. Hate paying more for 2 beds but then again it is Vegas. Pool is pretty nice with lots of lounge chairs. I'll be back for sure
This place was so good! I had the fried chicken Lunch. With beignet. It was amazing! I really recommend at least trying it, bur be careful, you might be addicted!
Great food and good service. The variety of empanadas is great. Dessert selection of empanadas is yummy. Good drink selection... Bottled drinks, beer too I think? Atmosphere is great; excellent spot for quick lunch.
Genuine italian old-style restaurant where the food as well the service lived up to my high expectations. Well worth the relatively high prices. I'll be back!
My husband and I just moved back to Ahwatukee and tried ALL the frozen yogurt places in the area!  Yoasis is by far and away the BEST and Cleanest location!  There are a TON of toppings there and the staff is great!
Blackberry Frappe is my favorite but I tried their Cortadito Cubano today and it definitely gets my Hispanic stamp of approval!  I have no reservations about this shop. Great staff, helpful coffee tips for us noobs, great music, and a warm vibe that inspires creativity.
This McDonald is renovated again. It is always packed,  drive thru is slow, difficult parking arrangement and currently impossible to drive and park. I cant even count how many times my order has been messed up here. A complete disappointment.
Mattie's is a great addition to Charlotte.  It is comfortable and unpretentious.  It is not a yuppie diner wanna-be, which is good.  The portions are generous, the prices reasonable, and the value good.  I have eaten at Mattie's several times and have never been disappointed.
Not bad but not great. Hostess was not friendly and the buffalo chicken was cold and not much spice to it.
If you use this store as a convenience store you'll like it. If you try to do serious grocery shopping here, not so much. The prices are very high, and the produce is not the best. Think of it as a Super Circle K. Usually only one register open with a line.
Over priced gelato....there are better local places.  They do have great customer service.
Not much to add to the other reviews.  Great selection of spitits, beer and cigars not to mention a great staff.  I have never had a bad time at this place.   A southeast valley must.
Cool place. Would've never known it existed in Scottsdale.
The best Indian in Arizona. Maybe in the country. Im a chef and im very picky with restaurants. I am always impressed when go there.
It use to be good. I don't eat red meat. I loved the turkey Burger with cranberry sauce. Now my only option besides the veggie Burger is a bland chicken Burger. So disappointed.
Still serving cold burgers. \n\nThe chili is good though. \n\nThe cherry Dr Pepper hits the spot too.
A bundt cake was a previously unknown piece of food to me before this wonderful store too life over five years ago.  Their chocolate cakes are amazing and I highly recommend them to anyone who loves sweets.\n\nService is fast and friendly \nPlace is an established neighborhood staple\nCakes taste amazing
Very friendly and clean.  Usually a go to place to eat... but will not go back to this particular restaurant.  My burger was undercooked.... and had a weird smell and taste?  not sure what to think????? Left unhappy and hungry!
One hour after ordering a salad and wrap my husband and I started wondering where our food once. Finally, another 20 minutes later my salad came out but it had to be sent back twice because the order was wrong. My husbands wrap came out at a different time than my food. Nothing went right.
one of the best kept secrets in scottsdale :)\nthis place is so relaxing and beautiful to come to for yummy organic food.
Just got back from the biggest waste of time and money I've experienced in a while. I pad nearly $50 for absolutely nothing to be done to my hands or toes. Don't waste your time here unless you want to leave with nothing more than an uneven paint job.
This place is a scam! Don't order sashimi or nigiri because portions are ridiculously small and expensive. Order fried rice with duck or noodle soup instead.
New location! I am happy that they finally got one closer to where I am at. I had visited the one located at Westgate a few times and loved it. Now I have one close to where I am at and it will definitely be a new stop for lunch for me.
For the most part, the atmosphere, food, service and location are up to snuff. I always enjoy the Picnic Salad but the grilled cheese sandwich was a major disappointment.
Not a huge fan of a restaurant that has \"PHO\" in its name and it runs out of Pho on BOTH visits.  The other non-pho items were ok.  The service is awful.  Don't plan on going back.
I absolutely love it here! Come for breakfast about once a week and its always amazing.  The service is great! Everyone is very friendly and the food is always spot on.  The spinach salad with warm bacon dressing is one of my favorite menu items!  and they make the best home fries!!
I ordered a pizza sub here and it was great.  They have a variety of different breads to choose from.  I really like the focaccia bread and the roll the best. The sandwiches are big and taste fresh.\n\nI am looking forward to trying the pasta in the future.
Prima Breakfast sandwich substitute for buttery croissant and add avocado might be the best breakfast sandwich of all time. Delicious. Also, their homemade hummus is good.
This is the place to go to if you would like to experience French Canadian culinary culture of the 17XX. The food is amazing and the service and the theme sets the stage for true feeling of 18th century. I loved this place.
Every time I come to Satay my food comes out amazing with such a unique taste. The restaurant has great ambiance, friendly and helpful service, and overall an above par setting.  I highly recommended it.
This was possibly the best Italian sub that I have ever had. We found this place using Yelp on the iPhone while we were in Vegas and were not disappointed. I highly recommend that you grab a sandwich here if you are up on the north end of the Strip.
Food is inconsistent. I'll order shrimp curry one time and get a lot of shrimp and then another time and get two. Same with amount of veggies. Food is generally good if you live close, but sometimes you'll get a bad batch.
Atmosphere was great. Service was also nice. Food was universally subpar especially considering the prices. Everything was over cooked.
This place has lazy managers who don't train staff properly. Managers don't check to see how customers are doing. We were over-charged for happy hour appetizers. Soup special was out at 5pm. Our waiter was not trained.
Good prices, great service, great food.  If you want Korean and don't want the ambiance of Mothers, or the nastiness of Korean Garden, come here.
Old ass donuts! This place is horrible.  Kid at the counter tried to charge $16 for a dozen.  There are no prices posted. Old crusty ass donuts smh. Never again. ..never again.
I thought this place was way better and fresher tasting than Panda Express. I didn't know what to expect walking in but walking out I gotta say I was pretty satisfied. The lunch specials are decently priced especially for the amount of food they give you. Gotta recommend this place over any Panda Express any day.
Awesome!  Pizza rocks!  Pasta is great homemade stuff.  Really different than pretty much Italian type restaurants.
Portions here are huge but the $2 tacos and beer is your best bet.
View as everyone suggests is very nice.  I had the greens salad with apple and goat cheese with a honey vinaigrette...very good.  Grouper was \"sustainable\" meal.  Rubbery texture.  Disappointing. Maybe for dessert or a drink but would not go back for dinner.
Too many younger, inexperienced instructors teaching majority of the classes at this place.
Charlene should do a workshop for every other game trading establishment around the valley. She was excellent. All by herself in a busy store helping everyone in the with above average customer service. Everyone in the store left with a smile. Charlene really knows her stuff you can tell she loves her job. I will never go to play n trade again.
1 star for service. I don't know if they are under staffed but we waited 10 min for water, no chips and salsa. 1 star for cleanness. Food was okay but WAY over priced for what you get. I should have trusted my fellow yelpers...
i have not stayed here, and jus didnt like the atmosphere of the hotel
Love the all you can eat. Reasonably priced and a wide variety to choose from.\n\nMy favorite is the Sea food Salad...but sadly you can only order one in the all you can eat meal.
Went to dinner tonight and got horrible service, nothing worse than serving you a semi-warm overpriced beer in a warm glass. Food was ok way overpriced.
Skip this place. Cheap sushi, sure. But not very good at all. Just go to TA on happy hour and you get so much better quality for only a little bit more and so much more variety
Over Priced, Poor Amenities, HOA Fees to High, Not enough money put back in for what is taken in, Poorly run, Greedy realtor, ST is a Joke. Go ahead buy a Safari Drive Condo and Find Out the Hard Way.
Food was OK nothing special. The service was awful.  Host told us it was a 20 minute   wait.  We're still waiting to get a table an hour latter.
Really bad service with my pickup order\nThey switched my pizza with someone else's, when I asked for my pizza they had already given it to someone else, and I had to wait 20 more minutes for my pizza\nThe whole time I got an attitude from the cashier \nWorse fast food experience ever
More food than you expect, good sliders,  good fries, wide variety of drinks. \nI felt old eating there a it seems to cater to a younger demographic
Friendly service, but food tasteless. No dressing on coleslaw, tasteless spinach, even after redoing.
Delicious ice cream with fantastic wonderful and fresh flavor ideas.  Got to say, wasn't a fan of the blue cheese but aI'm not going to knock them for that because it was creative. The basil lime was to die for.  Typical ice cream shop atmoshere, nothing fancy, just good times.
My mom lives down the street so she comes here all the time. We have been coming here for years and have never had a problem. My favorites are the chicken fried rice and mango boba. This restaurant also sells little asian trinkets for pretty cheap. I like this place a lot. Give it a try.
The food here is more than wonderful. The staff treats you like you're at home. It's one of the best little joints I've been too in a long time. The menu changes daily so you can have something different every day. The prices are very reasonable. Highly recommended. Come and enjoy.
Sooooo happy they are now open for lunch! Awesome lunch menu with lunch specials and all you can eat soup and salad!! Much less busy than dinner do it was relaxing and the service amazing as usual. Went out for BK and got Outback instead! So awesome!
Don't eat breakfast here some type of egg product not real eggs. Coffee sucks, overpriced and worthless service!
How disappointing!  I was so excited to try this place out, but the food was marginal at best.  The silverware was dirty and I had to return my wine because the glass still had lipstick on it from a previous guest. I will definitely not be back!
Great price, great pool area!  The Check in line was long but it moved fast.  The rooms were decent (double).  The bed were not queen size.  They were more like fulls.  Overall the best place to stay at Freemont Street.
Great service and food. Pretty pricey though.
I think this is one and only Indo-chinese restaurant in Phoenix area. Nice and clean place. Food was really good. We went on a Thu with reservation and was not crowded. \n\nTry the Manchurian Chicken ... Tasty
3rd visit was just as good!
I went by here yesterday,  4/29/14. It was empty & for sale.
Nice little place with a nice selection
Living in New York has really raised my standards on Deli's. I would say this is about the same as any basic bodega in New York. Would be just as happy with a subway sandwich
Just got some ink from Eric Ayala. Vintage cowgirl. It's great. Nice guy and a great artist. Will be back for more.
I love the food! However, the process to place online orders is frustrating and very time consuming. It deters our future business..
Great venue, also a really nice place to hang out and grab some drinks and food.
Not really impressed with this place. Food isn't anything to write home about or to rave to out of town visitors about. I would say you are better off going to Los Gringos Locos in AJ if you are trying to eat in this area.
Super sympa, simple et tr\u00e8s bon. Un petit resto \u00e0 ajouter \u00e0 votre carnet d'adresse!!!
Yamira is a great photographer.  She is fun and easy to work with and creates beautiful images. Highly recommend her for your special photos!
I've ordered a carne asada burrito from almost everywhere in the city, just to find a place that even compares with a place in California. This has by far been the best, though a little steep for a little container shop at around $10 for food and drink.
Market Street Cafe OX TAIL 11:00pm to 9:00AM under $10.00 or use your points or your coupons its $3.00.  Big serving, My wife and I had dinner there 3 nights in a row.
I've been getting my haircut here for about 6 months and highly recommend Viva Salon. Chelsi does a wonderful job cutting and styling my hair! The salon itself is also very nice, clean and relatively new. If you're looking for a new stylist I recommend Chelsi at Viva Salon.
disgusting chinese food.\npanda express is way better. and they mess up orders really easily. we called to notify that they messed up on their order and they didnt seem to care or make it better. bad service and nasty food.
The overall vibe is great. There's so much variety, you never have to get the same thing twice if you don't want to. There's coffee, gelato, pastries, salads, sandwhiches, and even good breakfast food! The location is perfect. I think this is what downtown Phoenix is all about.
It was such a fun show to watch! The costumes were so creative and beautifully detailed! The acting, singing, and dancing- the visual creativity of it all had me feeling like a kid again. Loved it!
Good food, decent price. Customer service almost non existent. Shake machine seems to Brake a lot. But still eat here 1-2 month for the food.
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowwowowwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowSoIHaveBeenSeeing5StarReviewsForThisPlaceForSoLongIHadToTryItmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMyFriendKevinHWasTryingToExplainSweetRepublic'sAwesomenessAndWhenHeGotToThePointOfTwitteringOneOfTheOwnersToMakeSureHeNabbedTheLastOfAFlavorIKnewIHadToFindOutWhatEveryoneIsObsessingAboutmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmHelenAndJanWereSoNicemmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmJanRecommendedTheCombinationOfMayanChocolateWithAvacadoJalapenoHolyCrapThatWasSomeKindOfOtherworldlyFlavormmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmWeCan'tWaitToGoBackmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmIAlsoHadTheEspressoItWasGreatAsWellmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmohgawdmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm\nmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmTheRoquefortWithMedjoolDatesWasUnbelievableAlsommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmWhileWeWereEatingOurIceCreamHelenWasHandMakingWaffleConesThesePeopleReallyTakePrideInTheCraftingOfTheProductsTheySellmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmThisPlaceIsAFoodieDestinationNotToBeMissedInAnyMajorCitymmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmIfIDidn'tLiveInPhoenixIWouldArrangeLayoversHereJustToGoToSweetRepublicmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmIHaveToGoGetAPintOfTheAvacadoJalapenoNowByemmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwow
I only gave them 1 star because 0 wasn't an option. Food was mediocre (fries were cold), and we haven't seen our waitress in 45 minutes (writing this review while waiting to ask for the check). I'll write another review tomorrow if I'm still here waiting.
Another great Asian beauty supply store they have two spots open one here, and the other in chinatown. They have more size options for the BB cream line and lots of eye lashes to choose from. Staff help is 5 star!
Don't fault this mall for \"having the same shops as home\". We're not all here on vacation, and it's nice to have a mall with everything to shop at! Minus a star for the Neimans here being inferior to the one in Dallas, otherwise this place is great.
I have been training  with Scott on and off for over 2 yrs  I absolutely love his teachings, \"to live a healthy life style\".Super clean facility and trainers including the clients are very welcoming
Great meats, not dry and juicy. Wait staff very attentive and friendly!
There was no public restroom to use even though I was a paying customer. I put my items back....plenty of other more courteous Walgreens to go spend money at. DISAPPOINTING.
The place was way too loud, could hardly have a convesation. Food was poorly cooked and greasy and way overpriced. Would not recommend and will not be back
We had a group of 25 women that had a get together here. We warned them ahead of time and they were completely prepared. Got confused a bit on where the orders went but that was to be expected. The service was faster than expected. The food was great as always.
Good food, nice atmosphere. A little pricey for the food (lunch), but good. Service was good, not too crowded. Would come back!
Just ok....convenient.
Hard to beat a pretty decent meal for 2 adults and 2 kids for under $20\nGood subs, kids friendly and good location.\nGood option for sunday's lunch!
Great place for a glass or two of wine. Super friendly staff. I think they are just carving out their niche in Gilbert and hope they do well.
My go to for after work... I work very close and have to hide my face because I prefer this food to the kind I serve haha, the people who work here are always so sweet and polite. Portions are a little small, but still pretty good.
This was one of the first all you can eat sushi buffets here in town for me.  I love this place because of the quality of fresh fish, speed of service and location.  No need to worry, this sushi bar is a win every time.
Good burgers, good service. \nThe grill is a smart choice if you are in the mood for some tasty American food.  It is slightly pricier than should be expected for a burger and fries/rings, but the quality makes up for the cost.
good sandwiches. the gread is always soft on the inside, crispy on the outside. haven't tried anything else here though. they have pho and other stuff.
I was really impressed with their Boca burger.  It's not every fast food hamburger joint that has a veggieburger.  I was really glad it was well done because I ordered everything on the burger.  It seemed like this place was always open; people were constantly lined up to try the Fatburger.
Fast, tasty, and inexpensive.  I get the beef satay and Thai iced tea. This is the ONLY place I know of that gives free refills on Thai iced tea!  They come around with pitchers of it like it's water.
So many choices! It really is a hit or miss kind of thing at this location, but more hits than misses. Biggest downfall is the service. So I don't know which of the million veggies I want? Don't ignore me for the better part of 10 minutes, make a suggestion!
Great shave, great conversation.  Rick is cut from the old cloth of how men should conduct themselves. Highly recommended.
Drip coffee is pretty good, but of the several visits I have yet to get anything near a decent espresso drink. For example, the small americano has a single shot and then water. The extra large (Why is there an extra large?) has a single shot then water.
Good sushi, not great (at least when we went). What really impressed me were the appetizers (especially the lettuce wraps).
Best burger place I've eaten in awhile good prices Oliver you have great customer service I will definitely be coming back definitely 5 stars Oliver you are the best waitress I've had in a long time
Costco... yup!
Great value. Terrible casino but nice clean rooms. Internet is 14 bucks for 24 hours.
I wish they carried fashion for real sized women. You know over a size 8. The seamstress Ava is fantastic!
Best hot dogs in town.  Great Italian beef.  Plus they sell Vienna beef products that you can take home and make yourself.
Worst pizza in the universe, but to be fair, the kids love it here so maybe I'm one whose got it all wrong.
It's in the mall people! A nice corporate chain restaurant that aims to offend no one.  Taken on that level, it's not bad.  Prices are fairly high and the food is fairly bland.  It's a place to stop in while getting some shopping done with the sweetie, not a place to take her to.
The place looks alright but the food is horrible. I ordered this pad Thai and my noodles were hard.. Like seriously. & the guy wondered why I barely ate it then take it home. Shit, it tasted horrible.
Never!!!! The one star is very generous!!!
started out great but the last time we were there i had a por boy sandwich and the shrimp wasn't done!!! gross! and had better service in the past.  try it again soon but was better in the beginning!
Clean room, microwave, mini fridge, tv. Best price in town. Friendly staff, quiet area, full-size ironing board with iron, hair dryer, clean towels, toiletries.
Great martini's and they even have Absynthe if you're looking to get crazy. Great looking modern style bar and lounge.
Outstanding ambiance, cocktails, view and service sums up my experience at Mon Ami Gabi.  My chicken was nothing special but I would for sure go again just ordering a different main entr\u00e9e.
This is one of those places that you must try at least one time. It is a fun experience and the meat its regularly pretty good.\nDo not come on a holiday, they do not maintain the same level of service and food quality
I second that the  Afternoon Tea  was amazing. Went with friends and had a blast, just a great experence.
Pediped shoes are awesome! I'm going to be sad when my daughter grows out of them. I was so excited when they opened the corporate store. They have a wide selection, which other stores did not. You can even buy online & pick up in the store
Simply the worst cheeseburger I have ever been served by wait staff.  Service was poor and the surroundings looked worn and questionable.  \n\nI have eaten at their Maui location and enjoyed it.  This place needs to be closed.
Addication Restaurant in Rumor Hotel. I recently went for a business mixer and had thier Speared Tuna and Thai Satay, both delicious, recommend to others to try.
Loved it! Thrifty ice cream (throwback to my childhood) and a homemade cookie of my choice to complete my very own custom ice cream sandwich... Brilliant idea! I will be back :)
It is awful   Do not go here   The quality of meat is like shoe leather   Way overpriced for the quality\n\nThe buffet at the Monte Carlo Hotel - Las Vegas
Been coming here since I was 13! I love this church. Everyone is so friendly and the Children's services are great as well.
Excellent Food and Service!!
Burnt hamburger. Took it back, second one same as the first. Disgusted. I just walked out. Left it on the table. Asked for another salt, she never came back.
Not bad as far as price.... Food was ok.... Not the best but decent considering how cheap it is... Some food was seasoned perfectly ... Others were a little too salty for my taste ... The dessert was alright...
this place was a wonderful breakfast start. it beats waiting in line for a buffet. the food was impeccable. i highly recommend this gem.
Terrible service. They keep sitting guests without paying attention to time and their needs. every table around us had to get up and ask for service. Apparently food is good. We ended up just ordering appetizers so we could have our food faster. Not sure we will come back. Disappointed.
This is the newest stadium in the Cactus League. It's a little more laid back than Salt River. My favorite feature of the field is a full service bar in the outfield!\n\nThe park is walking distance to the public park that is outfitted with a fishing pond and tons of playground equipment.
Pacific Tan is Great, it's right by my gym and the people who work there are DELIGHTFUL! There's plenty of parking, and the place is clean and fabulous. When I have to get a man-fabricated tan this is where my heart is.
Nice outdoor patio area and we have always had good service.  Nice variety of Fish Tacos and their Shrimp Ceviche was very good didn't like their Margaritas so we now stick to beer.
Frozen Hot Chocolate is what they're famous for but the service is terrible.  1 star for the frozen hot chocolate, 1 star for the location and -3 stars for terrible, terrible service.
I only come here for their root beer floats and I love them.  A little stingy on the ice cream though.
Huge sandwiches and awesome bread bowls. I love the lobster bisque on Fridays in a bread bowl. Good selection of breads if you dont like the one recommended for the sandwich. For me bread makes or breaks a sandwich and theirs are money.
Best place we dined in while inontreal. Also a good people watcher place. Good service and fine food.  Definitely the place to see and be seen. Uber urbane
Just ate there for lunch today and it was... decent. The Cod was pretty good, but the fries were awful. I had better Fish & Chips at TGI Friday's last week. Truth.
Very pleasant place. Nice menu. Good service, although a little slow at lunch, even at 2 PM. It was my first time there. I had a cobb salad, which was very good. I'll go back, as much for the breezy, comfortable openness of the place as for the food.
Gourmet burger with provolone was perfectly cooked and deliciously messy. The home fries are very tasty, but I could have gone for regular fries with the burger and didn't see them on the menu. Huge and oddly diverse menu. I believe I prefer burgatory...
Mediocre food, slow service.  Took about an hour to get our food. Lots of uncleared tables made dining room look messy.
Does take sbux cards but doesnt honor reward drinks. Wish the barista told me before I bought a 5 dollar drink. place is inside the casino so it wreaked of cigarette smoke.
I was not impressed with the employees lack of knowledge on their batter repair services, and simple desire to sell me overpriced batteries that I can purchase on Amazon for 30% less or more.
Wow such burger. Much fresh ground meat. So crisp fries. Very bar. Wow that burger was wow. So best in city. Must go again. Try shipwreck it's so wow. Service was sort-of wow.
Love this place.  Never had a bad meal.  Good portions and great people.  Be ready to stand in line.
Bad service, don't go here! They don't treat their customers equally, they choose who to give good service to.
Went for a late lunch, the Carne Asada Burrito had crunchy pieces of Gristle, the Rice and Beans were cold and the Tamale was overcooked. Service was good but we were disappointed after reading good Yelps.
Great place to drink when there are events going on (super bowl, st pattys day, ect..) and the staff is friendly and quick. Never had the food, nor would I try it...
Used to visit here more in the past then I do now. Food and service have always been good to me so I'll be back again.
We ordered food at 12:15pm. It's 12:50 pm and still no sight of our omelet and quiche. What gives????????????
Tried the pizza - with brussels sprouts - amazing! The egg on top is fab!
Not the same as Famiglia in NYC AND double price. Tasted like some typical hotel-cantina dog-food-flavored Sbarro.
My best spa experience. Ever. Period. \n\nTheir steam and sauna were great. But really, it's their aromatherapy massage that I'm ga-ga over! Wish the masseuse would just move to Chicago!
The food was spectacular.  The atmosphere outstanding. The service was lousy.  My waiter was almost nonexistent. Had to wait 15 minutes to get the check on a Saturday afternoon.
Were from Utah down in vegas for vacation. We decided to get off the strip to have some real deal incredible food. This place has some real nice guys working here. The food is fresh and you can see it being made before your eyes. They have a awesome focus on quality. Absolutely a must stop for anyone in the Vegas area!!!
great food! too many choices - I was surprised they have \" Pork adobo\"  (filipino cuisine) in the house! Only here!
food isn't good
Very quick service! The three workers greeted me right as I was walking in. Not something I am used too. The portions are smaller than at other chipotles, the rice and chicken in particular. Overall a good experience. I was in and out in no time.
OMG this was good, crab tostada were to die for. I would have never discovered this place it it weren't for yelp. Next time we are in the area we will be back!
Had a sloppy egg/bacon breakfast with what they called 'guacamole'. I have not had the chance to eat their main dishes.
Not your typical tattoo spot! Super clean, extra friendly, fun and cool artists.. Totally know what they're doing and happy to give their artistic insight! \nCan't wait to come back for more work!
Good $1 cookies.\n\nService is not so good, ignore customers, busy chatting with people instead of helping customers.
We have been hearing about the Penguin for a year and just never went. Made our first stop on Saturday and went back today (Monday) for more. Good service and a nice soft snow cone. They have lots of flavors to choose from. I guess our VIP card will fill up fast if we stick to this every other day schedule!
Rolled up to the new location on Super Bowl Sunday for some Double Knot and Serious Black pre-game action. This place is new and smells like it! Not serving food yet, but taps are fresh, and layout is nice with a view of the brewing tanks through the glass at the bar.
OK, I needed coffee so bad so I paid $2.65 or so just to have a grande coffee???  Yes, it is a Starbucks but......had better.
I would not go back here.  The service was bad.  They did not refill our drinks, the potatoes were cold, the side salads taste like dirt.
Be careful, all sales are final and the owner won't allow even a store credit for return of brand new merchandise.  Unfortunate, otherwise a lovely store with nice salespeople and a really good selection of merchandise.
Gosh darn Kathleen. 17 minutes to get three local tickets to JFK with cash? Don't worry, I wanted to eat dinner at 10pm. At least the JFK exhibit was cool.
The frozen yogurt was good. The service is what you would expect when you leave teenagers to run the store. Theyre on their cell phones texting away and all their buddies are hanging out there.
I came here expecting a view but found out it is located near the lobby on Floor One!  Don't make my mistake.
The Boba here is so sweet and fresh!  I got the Boba milk tea it's yum!
$12 for a bowl of pho on the Las Vegas strip would be considered a steal.  It wasn't bad, I was expecting the worst.  It was actually pretty good.   They are open until 2am I think.
This place has great food, the Mexican and Korean fusion brings great flavors.. If you like to try new things I would recommend you to visit them!
Good restaurant if you are into bikes and badasses. They can be creeps though. I like the food here. Wings are good, not great. But the environment is an experience. All other food is basically what you would normally expect.
Food is ok. Salad bad, such as it is, is poor. Call ahead if you reserved tables for a party. We reserved several but they allowed others to take them, even though we were on time. Luckily for them Anthem doesn't have much competition.
The best eggplant ever.  Not too much Breading, delicious sauce. Try it in a sandwich or with pasta!  Manga Manga
Just had the lunch buffet. The service was good & the food was delicious!! I'll definitely be back!
Gorgeous spa, with swanky spa ammenities while you wait for your treatment. My massage was Amazing!!
We did the More buffet at the Luxor on Saturday (brunch).\n\nIt was a much nicer buffet.  They had a nice selection of both breakfast and lunch items.  \n\nThe waiters/waitress should check to see how you are doing during the meal though.
This place is where other ( good bars) go to die.  Too dark and it always smells like a dirty dish rag.  Bathroom smells like a pig pin.
Our favorite yogurt spot by far!  The staff is friendly, yogurt selections are great, toppings are plentiful, and you gotta love the awesome pink and green spoons! \nLastly, no sample nazis here...unlike some other yogurt places ;)
This Circle K is right in my area and a great place to fill up.  Usually don't have to wait as they have plenty of pumps.  Circle K really has a good beer selection in their walk in cooler also which is also a plus.
Good food, great prices!
The service was ok, but the food was disappointing. Food was very bland and did not have much flavor. I've been to other Japanese restaurants wayy better than this one.
We waited over an hour for a table. The hostesses were beyond rude. The food was ok but definitely not worth the wait. Don't waste your time!
I wish I went to big daddy's or Brooklyn farms during my layover. \n\nFood was horrible but at least the service  was good. We had the tacos and crab cakes per the recommendation of our server. Don't have the crab cakes!
More like 3.5 stars.  The atmosphere is really nice & the food is pretty good. I wasn't crazy about what I got but I did like it & the portions were good. My husband really liked his dish. We will be going back for sure to check it out again!
Great service but weak cuts and poor construction
Went on a Monday for lunch and sat at the bar. Bartender was very nice but sick...manager should have sent her home! Had the meatball here and it was huge but juts warm and not hit and cheese not totally melted. For those prices you just can't give huge portions food needs to be quality too!
Food was excellent but they lost a star by bringing out The main course before the salad was done and rushing us to leave
No camo shorts allowed.  Was out of town looking to spend money and have fun.  Claims to be a public place. Clearly not. On to the next. Good luck with the biz with there hater style. As a business owner my self I give it 3 years.
Came here after a padre spring training game. Made it for happy hour . Decent margarita for $5.99. Great service!!!! Food okay, did enjoy the \"papas\" mashed potatoes instead of rice. Just OK...
Not impressed with the hallways that wreak of cigs... And it comes through the vents when the cooling system is on. Otherwise it could have been okay. I hate second hand establishments... Free cancer is on the free breakfast menu I guess.
Good service and the manager Mr Todd took time to help me with my final reading for my TB test. Thank you
Not open on Sunday despite the Yelp profile saying otherwise. Thanks for the waste of time.
Love this place. Mainly because it is so close, but the staff is amazing as well. They good specials and will come back always. Don't forget they have a pet friendly patio
We have always had good service but the food is substandard. I have never been wowed by their food except for their pizookie. But it's supposed to be Italian food, how can you mess that up?\n\nWe only go back because others want us to join them. We never go on our own.
They don't really seem to care. Prices are okay but not as low as they make them out to be. Employees just look at you like they are annoyed at you coming in or are judging you. This is mostly the younger employees though. I only come once in awhile but the atmosphere never changes. Also disorganized.
Just your avg Starbucks nothing special
Dranks. Short dude kept talking to me and being touchy. Creeped out to say the least, but it was Vegas. But he was ugly. The Long Island was pretty good though.
Tried this place a few times and just not that impressed with the food.  Seems to be more of a place to drink than eat.
This place is always popping .\nBut seriously why is there always just 1 bartender even in the weekends.\nI don't like waiting 30 minutes for my drink and I have to order my second drink as I am half way through the my current drink.
The food is really good. It is probably one of the best dumplings you can get in Montreal but we had to wait about 35 - 45 mins to get the food. If you are going, make sure to call for a reservation. :)
Very good honest burger 2nd time here and got great burgers each time.  Fast and a great value.  Looking forward to trying their breakfast burrito soon.
Did not enjoy.  Limited selection and it wasn't that good.  I too was hoping for the mexican / chinese buffet and missed the boat.  If it was cheaper I might add it my rotation but there are other places in the area that are much better and cheaper.
three words: FOOSBALL DINNER TABLE. Ask for it next time you go there. Made the amazing food and drinks even more fun!
Great food - Be sure to sit on the patio and watch the Bellagio Fountains!
Laurae Goddard at Dylan's Salon does an excellent job. She has done my hair several times & has an artistic eye for color. She is one of the few Stylist's that I have been to over the years that actually knows how to cut bangs.
amazing products.  They have the best cheese I've ever tasted.  The staff is super friendly.  They have bite size pieces to full wheels of cheese you could buy.  Also, they have wine connoisseurs, which helped for our cheese & wine party.
The food I had was amazing and the presentation was outstanding. However I dont think the selection was as good as other buffets. The Asian selection was by far the worst.
I stopped in with some coworkers after a round of mini golf. The store is a combination mini grocer and restaurant. Great friendly service. The food took about 20 minutes but was very good and in decent portions. I will definitely stop in again to try more menu items.
Also as a huge Steeler fan, I was expecting more.  Nothing special here, food was decent.  Service was slow.  I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to come here.  This restaurant is pretty much the same as the Indianapolis Colts Grille owned by the same group.
Best beet salad this side of the Mississippi. Fun environment, friendly staff. Be ready for a wait, but you can find a spot at the bar or head down the street and they'll give you a call. Great spot!\n\nWouldn't suggest the take out.
Great value. Good food. Love the pasta station. Not quite a wynn or bellagio style buffet but its also much cheaper and its a great deal.
We had a great wonderful time at Macaroni.  We ordered the tasting menu which was so much fun, flavorful and exciting.  Would highly recommend it.  Kristin the manager came over to make sure everything was awesome and it was!!
I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants in general - but I do think Sweet Tomatoes offers a real value in \"fast food\". Sure the circa 1980's salad bar atmosphere is nothing to speak of, but their overall selection, quality, and freshness is impressive for the price.
Only thing I can say is that the \"Open\" sign was on in the window and the lights were on in the store, but the door was locked and no staff to be found at 11am on a Tuesday. We waited for about 10 minutes and then left.
Great homemade food. Family owned and operated, which creates a homey and welcoming dining experience. The selection of unique beers is also excellent.
Good quick burgers not sure about all the hype but just like every regional thing. Will definitely eat there again.
This place barely has anything. Nicely decorated and overpriced. In case you need artificial grass for the zombie apocalypse they have that too.
Office staff talks snarky behind your back. Was waiting in back for my patient room and heard them saying mean things about another patient. Not cool.
$3.49 burger and fries! $2.00 beers! Cant beat it. \nFriendly service, clean  and great food.
Great decor.  Food very good.
Prime rib sandwich is quite good. Ask for a side of horseradish since it doesn't come with it. Good sandwich with tons of meat on it.
We went there enticed by a feature on them on Food Network spotlighting their Italian braised pork pizza.\n\nWe were told that they only make it for Christmas.\n\nWe then ordered a smallish, overpriced pizza that was limp and soggy.\n\nSee ya!
Love this store, I travel 25 minutes to get there every week and well worth the drive.\nGreat prices, inventory is well stocked and very helpful employees. \nCarolyn V
Yummy food and good service. I had the tuna sandwich which was a nice change from the normal mayo soaked versions you get at most places.
Service was terrible!! I sat at the counter and watched my food sit under the heat lamp for over 5 minutes before it was brought to me . The waitress never came back to see if I wanted anything else.( I did, by the way). She never even refilled my ice tea. I won't be returning anytime soon.
Awesome sushi, so so service. Some nights they can be great and some nights they can be incredibly slow with their service.
Great atmosphere, good food, a nice choice of lunch sandwiches, not too many so it won't take forever to choose. Raspberry Soda is delicious.
Whoohoo!  My favorite Theaters!    Love the Camelview and Fashion Square locations
Older hotel, but still well kept.  Great deals to be had here.  Still close to many of the other spots.  Plus how much time are you actually spending inside of your hotel?
It was great.  Loved the tacos!!!
Food was ok. Still could find something better. I ordered a shrip tostada and some pieces of shrip were still frozen. Although the waiter was very kind, always passing by to see if we needed anything.
Just purchased a used VW for my son. From the second I walked in the vibe was great, my sales rep Sandy was incredible and I do not say that often for AZ dealerships.  The car was completely serviced and everything documented.\nI highly recommend this dealership!
Disappointing.  For the money they charge the food should be better.  Scallop entree was lukewarm, terrible.  Lobster mac has changed, it was wonderful a couple years ago, now just nasty.  Steaks were good.  Never again.
Went to check in to our non-smoking room, when we got to the desk we found out they put us in a smoking room. They said they could put us in a handicap accessible room. It was unclean and the entire place smelled like stale cigarettes.
Horrible. We have eaten there for years and it has just gotten progressively worse. They have no air conditioning, service is sub standard, food is inconsistent, and the prices don't reflect the quality or portions.  We just don't go there anymore. It's sad.
I feel asleep.... it wasnt that good... some of t he stunts were cool.. but other than that... it was okay
Inexpensive but food has no taste. Staff always staring.
Never had a bad piece if fish and their beer/appetizer deals are killer.  Sometimes it can be tough to wait out a table, so get there early or plan on investing some time in your evening.
Great example of a hole in the wall that turns out delicious food.
Fries were cold and greasy and flavorless. Hamburgers okay, not over the top like we were expecting. Got our drinks after we got our burgers. We left thinking Bobby would be pissed if he would have had the meal we had at his place!
Catfish. I now love catfish. HOLY CRAP do I love catfish!
Good, but overpriced. Paid $12 for a pastrami sandwich. It was good, but either needed to be bigger or a few bucks cheaper.
The food was great. It was a quick service. The cahier was nice except for the manager named Marivic Perez.  She was rude with her employees. She yelled one of her employee infront of the customer.  I mean that was not right. Be civilize Marivic!
Steak tacos all day long...they are so good!! Bartenders are friendly. The only downside is that is a small area.
Service is friendly. Food is good, not great. Compared to resort pricing at the other restaurants in the MGM Grand, this is affordable. They don't take reservations so you may have to sit outside by the fountain and slot machines for a while before you can eat.
SO i forked over 40 dollars for what i was expecting to be BOMB buffet. what a waste of 40 dollars for a special memorial lunch buffet! i remember it being better but apparently my memory served me wrong.\nso they had king crab legs and shrimp but everything else was just alright.
Great menu, fast, and delicious! Perfect for wanting something quick and cheap! Will definitely return!
Excellent staff! Came in upon closing and they were happy to help us still!! The shaved ice is the best all around
This chain pulled out of the Chicago market years ago so when I saw a Jack In the Box I put it on my bucket list of things to do during my visit. I had to have the taco's as it was a high school staple.
Right around the corned from the Consol Energy Center. \n5 chesse pizza, mediteranian salad, de-lish! Delivered to our hotel. Great way to spend a snowed in night in Pittsburgh.
Take it from a real live coonass cajun...This ain't it. Dumping a ton of cayenne pepper on something does NOT make it Louisiana!
Good food potato egg rolls are awesome! The customer service was good! Our server was super nice!
Anthony was very flexible with his hours. I called on a Saturday morning and he came to clean on a Sunday night. Both cleaners were friendly and efficient. The price was very reasonable as well for the service they provide. I highly recommend these guys to anyone looking to get the job done right for a good price.
Ccv brings the good news of Jesus Christ to you in a way that will touch the deepest parts of your soul!
Nice place to stay, good price for. CDL and AAA 49.99  A NIGHT
Disgusting rooms, filthy, mattress torn, carpet so dirty it smells, sofa collapsed on one side, toilet seat broken, residents dealing drugs from their rooms, prostitution rampant.  Stay away.
It's closed!
Great pizza, always consistent, a little too expensive in my opinion but I understand they use quality ingredients and you get what you pay for.
My husband and I love Dr Lucas, as well as FNP Nancy Erdmann. We were patients for six years. We have to quit seeing them (eff. Jan. 2011) because our insurance changed, and we're so bummed. We highly recommend this office.
The Mixology bar is a must.
Great taste I got the bacon burger it was amazing the place was clean and staff was friendly as for the price can't complain we will absolutely be coming back
So good! A salad and a slice.  Delicious.  Great service, too!
Over priced. Take a drive to Betty's in mineral point. Shakes for under 2 bucks...like you're in the 60's.
One of my favorite restaurants on the strip. Their steaks are incredible, the fries are delectable, and the PROFITEROLES! LOVE THEM.
This is a High School esque stadium. Although it only holds 37K, the parking set up for this size stadium is atrocious... with absolutely no rhyme or reason as to where cars should go... inside is a bit better.  I would try to park outside the stadium if possible, as cars back up way too easily.
Can't say this is even close to the Best of Madison. We had awful service and our food was nowhere near best of anything.
This place has a great patio. And the margaritas are decent. However, the food is definitely Americanized and only ok at that. \n\nMaybe for a happy hour on some nice Summer day, but other than that, there are plenty of other places closer and better.
Went recently, and the sushi did not seem as fresh as I remember. I am not sure I would go back.
Tried going there for my 1st visit and they were closed during hours they were supposed to be open.  Have tried calling them a few times during normal business hours and did not get anyone to pickup.  They may be closed for good.  Not sure.
Eh, just okay. It was crowded and not as clean as we'd like to see. Food was mediocre. Glad we did it, but probably won't go back.
Carnegie needed something like this. A great little diner and good food. The pancakes are huge and tasty.
I hate the pharmacy it's always slow at this one.
Standard across the board for Mexican Food
I work for a local transportation company in town and we bring all of our sedans and SUV's to this location. The staff is very friendly, helpful and professional. They always diagnose the problem quickly and get our vehicles back on the road fast. I highly recommend this location. Charlie and his team are great!
Lived in Chicago and DC and this is my favorite Chinese.  Very authentic and tasty.  When they didn't have a friends favorite dish on the menu, they made one up.   Spicy Wontons are the best.
I've had better yams and mac n cheese. Chicken and waffles were good but I think that'll change after I taste BurntSugars!
Just okay food, the portions are huge so it is a god value. The bluberry pecan pancakes was my favorite, The meatloaf hash was lacking in flavor . Will find a new breakfast spot next time im in Vegas, but it was worth trying though.
Food is still good. However, the service sucks. We went there about one hour before closing. The waitress was trying to rush us out so that she could go clubbing.\n\nNot thinking about going back there unless it got a new waitress.
Tasty poutine .. Loved their smoked beef always busy which is always a good sign .. Lovely atmosphere and friendly staff.. Would definitely come back again! But maybe on a less busy day of the year! \n\nTip.. Try their Caesar salad it's fresh and full of flavours!
Although the price is right and the fried rice is pretty good, it's severely overshadowed by the \"off\" taste of the beef and chicken dishes.  The beef with scallion is 90% bamboo shoots, which isn't even listed as an ingredient, and the dumplings are incredible hulking globs.
Delicious, flavorful and a perfect blend of spices. The Chicken Biriyani is really tasty!
It's big! Rows of stuff, everything from a hobart mixer, to the ninjia blender.  If you want restaurant supplies or personel cooking utensils, this place has it, show your work ID and get a discount.
I have never written a review but for this place I just have to. DON'T go to this place the worse customer service ever!! Aside from the elderly lady in the front everyone else is rude! The food is not great neither just go somewhere else this place is not worth it...
Wonderful service - my fiance and I both had a full treatment and it was excellent. Thanks Lmarie!
Therapy was a cool place for a first date.  The decor is nice and the drinks are great, and they have a long martini list.  The bartender was a big help in choosing a drink.  If you work or live uptown, this is a great place to relax and unwind.
The restaurant is beautiful and the service is just OK.  The food is nothing special and I don't see any reason to choose this restaurant again.
i visit this place over the weekend to give them a second chance since last time the food server is lack of training and very bad attitude not precise with serving food and still the same even worse this time!!!
Would not go back.  Place dirty, music too loud, food greasy.  Two small children were playing behind the counter and in the kitchen.  Surely this is a health and safety violation.  The little girl ran directly fro bathroom to kitchen-hope smeone checked if she washed her hands.
Limo driver was rude.\nBags were lost for the entire first day\nNo turndown service as requested\nConcierge just left in the middle of my question with no explanation.\nNo blackout curtains in Vegas.\nPool was tiny\nOverall poor experience
The people are super friendly but understaffed!! 1 person for the morning rush.. Not cool.. We are all trying to get to work on time. And the ceiling fans are filthy..
Very nice mall with great High End stores. The Omega Boutique there is awesome.
I used Sun Devil Taxi Service when vacationing in Arizona for a birthday celebration and was very delighted with my experience! Eric picked us up in a beautiful brand new SUV with awesome navigation and free candy! He was polite and timely. Thanks for a great experience and will definitely use you the next time i visit Arizona!
0 stars for this location.$6.99 for a kids shrimp meal that came with 6 shrimp! Freaking rip off! Never got a refill on drinks. The location on University is a million times better. Won't be back here.
Both my daughter and I have had our iPhones repaired here! Great, fast affordable and friendly service! Hopefully I won't need to go back but if I do I know it will be fast and friendly service! Thank you!!!!
IT IS AWESOME!!\n\nmy favorite part? the employees! they are extremely personable, and want to know their costumers. I love their ice, and their variety of flavors, and they do their best to make everyone happy!\n\nI can't wait until they open a store!
Hair cut and price for 2 yorkies poor and it stunk smelled bad
Should have checked yelp first. This place is definitely a tourist trap.\n\nVery limited menu and the food they do serve is sub par. \n\nThe manager was nice and took my breakfast off our bill. It was absolutely terrible. The best part was the sourdough toast.
The best lebanese food in the city ! I have been going here for years and it is always fresh and tastes just as good as the last time.
fresh & delicious clams in the Midwest? I am in!! Very good food.... a bit pricey but not completely out of control...... we had a fabulous meal and will be back and will hope that our server is better next time!
Quality control at its poorest! I spit out the pad Thai, I couldn't cut the meat with a sharp knife, the crab was too salty (you have to request to boil them to made edible). Bellagio, I expected more from you...
My very favorite breakfast restaurant in Pittsburgh! I love the pancakes and sausage! Omlettes, Benedicts, Waffles and traditional farm fresh eggs also five star! Worth the wait - P&G Diner shares space with Lincoln Pharmacy with a modest penny candy counter, operational pharmacy and gift items.
I always get the shredded beef burrito. This is the best burrito in Madison, WI, and it's not even close. So if you want a great beef burrito and you live in Madison, eat here.
All about money that's all you need to know and hopefully is self explanatory to\nAnyone thinking about going here and I would rethink it very seriously.
Make sure you sit downstairs. Upstairs is fine, but ambiance downstairs is 100 % better. Preferably a seat on the far left, view overlooks the lovely Pittsburgh downtown skyline. Service was great. I did enjoy the swordfish. Shrimp appetizer was not bad. Food a little cookie cutter boring.
I stopped here for breakfast. The menu says eggs your way. That really means any way as long as scrambled. The whole breakfast was marginal at best.  Server was good and friendly and rescues it from 1 star. Good food in the Charlotte airport is impossible to come by.
Fantastic food and even better Happy Hour deals! Awesome atmosphere and late night snacks. Service is not the best, but that was the only complaint.
I love this place! The food is really good, everyone is SUPER FRIENDLY, and I'm a total regular here. This is my go to place for sushi downtown.
Really enjoy the great service and great fresh foods! The farmers chopped Cobb salad is my favorite and omg the ranch dressing is the way I love it!
While staying up in scottsdale I yelped a place for breakfast and Butters came up.  I was so glad we came to eat here.  I had ordered the corn beef hash and eggs, it really filled me up good!  The coffee was great and the service was AWESOME!
its a cheese steak. it tasted a little bland. i dont have that much of a craving for cheese steaks and when i do theres other places i can goto.
great place for the kiddies! food is always consistant here. staff is very friendly.  one of few good chain resaurants left.
Love me some sliders, and the fries are awesome! Would be nice if there was a place to sit, but still worth 5-stars from a value and flavor standpoint
My husband and I both thought the food was great.  And how amazing that its organic and gluten free!  Perfect for the health food nuts out there!
Good coffee house in Matthews. Parking can be an issue.
Tasteless burrito. I'm not picky, but the food is not good. The 2nd star is only because the Churro is quite good.
I would not normally give a restaurant a 5 star review but the waiter (Jason) gave such great service.....this deserves a 5 star!!!!!!
The employees at this place will treat you like crap. Except if you're black. Then they will treat you like a criminal. Stay away.
The prime rib is not good. Not seasoned well. The service is decent but I barely started eating and the server brings the bill and never returned.
I continue to eat here when I'm visiting campus, and I don't know why. The sushi is okay at best, and overpriced. The atmosphere is tacky.
Worst Indian food I had in my life ...\nYou can taste that the oil they use is old.\nJust disgusting ...\nVery overpriced which is not explained either by the bad quality of the food and the horrible atmosphere.
why is there a no stars option ! bought something online then went to kay bought something on interest only plan paid off the purchase that was not on interest only and they still charge interest they lie and scam i hope they enjoy the 4.23  I'm transferring the balance  kay lost a customer forever
Super reasonable. Last minute trip from LA to hang w/ our group of pals. Quick trip for about 2-3 days. We had a blast. Surprisingly, didn't lose alot of cash gambling. Not too bad. Perfect area on the strip and near the clubs.
This place does not have good italian sauce it tasted like chef boyardee and my crab cakes were not cooked in the middle it was cold. I wont be back.
I get my hair blown out often, and this is the best blow out bar in the city.  I especially like Gillian, as my hair still looks the same after 3+ days.  I have gone to all of the other establishments and no longer go where the next groupon is, I pay the $35 for DryBar in Scottsdale.
Eh. Nothing bad to say nothing good. Service, was very average, drinks were average, and the bar was packed. No where to sit, no where to stand, but other than that it's fun to check out. Just buy a few drinks somewhere else because of the high prices.
By far our favorite breakfast in the Valley. Of so many great places Butterfields has the best food, and best service. Every experience delivers the same consistent excellence!
At least the sweets were good...
one of the best restaurants I've ever try, the food is excellent, but i order a ultimate margarita which I thought was the best margarita(price) but nothing spectacular.
As far as craft beers go, I saw what Lee's had to offer and I saw what Total Wine had. Total Wine easily wins with the bigger and better selection.
The Vanguard Is a bit tiny so try to come on a slow night but you a little outside patio In case you suffer of claustrophobia. Please do try the Sangria, It's luscious.
Was just on hold for 20 minutes and then hung up on...I realize that you are busy but c'mon man!
Went on Saturday night Memorial Day weekend. Line was long but we fortunately we didn't have to wait or pay to get in. Nice decor, small place and it was HOT (temperature wise). Music was good they just need more AC.
They are rude tell you nothing and just leave you there. I need to drop off my car and no one talked to me for 20 mins they.
this place is defintately overpriced as most places in Vegas are...\nI had a noodle dish-Huitacolte Noodles, pretty good, we had the dumpling apps, very very small...my husband had an app that was on teh special also very small....
Pork vermicelli is light fresh and flavorful. This place has great food! Simple atmosphere, family friendly, and affordable!
Habib is a awesome tailor with great people skills and makes you fell like a valued customer.
Excellent Customer service! Quick, fast, and my eyebrows look amazing :-)
If you want to wait an hour for hour to go order then this Panera is for you.  The food is the same as always, no complaints there but in almost a decade eating at Panera across the US, the wait here was the worst.
Recently had to go to the er at mayo and have emergency surgery. The staff was outstanding!! I felt like I was jn great hands, all of the dr's and nurses r very compassionate and all have great beside manners. Will never go to another hospital
Worst customer service ever!!!! We had a shrimp cocktail and basically it tasted like water, salt and onion. It was disgusting! And when I told the lady working there she was very rude and said there was nothing she could do! I will never go here again. I have never had such awful customer service! Or food!!
Had the California burrito here. It was a burrito with French fries inside that was unique. Nothing outstanding but nice to mix it up if your tired of the average burrito.
Not sure how this place has a good reviews bad costumer service and poor care about the dogs I never bring my dogs again to this place I just got a bad experience
I found out this place caters to our neighboring California state residents. No offense to them, but I don't understand why you would cater to out of state residents, rather than the locals...maybe you would get more local foot traffic if you catered to your own?
Wow, band start and our server left twenty minutes later.  If you want quality food and any service, AVOID.  You want a bar that is under staffed and has holes in the restroom walls, this is your spot.  Band was great
Cheap, amazing chicken strips.\nEverything else I've had here is kind of low quality though.  The pasta sauce has no flavor and the gyros are garbage.\nHowever, the chicken strips deserve the 5 star rating due to the great value and the great taste.
Purchased about 15 jars of baby food - \"good earth\" brand and when opened they were hard and moldy. Took them back and they wouldn't make it right?? Wow...\n\nI will stick to fry's.
I thought I drove into another country....a third world country.....a sketchy third world country when I pulled off the 10 real quick.  I won't let my wife go here alone, day or night.
Tower Rooms are great pyramid rooms not so great.
It's ok.    Freaking expensive.
Good people watching from the patio, but not much else.  The food is 'spensive, unappetizing, and the seating uncomfortable.  The only saving grace is that they serve Peroni beer.
Very friendly staff! They have a nice selection of products from a variety food products to some clothing, movies, hair and skincare products to ceramic figures. I will be a permanent returning customer.
Not so great, but 24-7, so can't complain about having an option in the middle of the night, or morning.
Great place to stop and have a few drinks and a little video poker,awesome bartenders, they.make my drinsk just the way I like them. I will continue to visit this one, its not a packed place,a pretty chill environment!!
This place is amazing: the architecture is modern and the sound the best I know. For classical music lovers, a \"must\" in Phoenix, AZ. Not sure what offers other program than the classic.
Really really good burger. Tried the Kobe w/ blue cheese & grilled onions. Wow--it was YUM. Great beer selection, too.
Had to give this one ONE BIG YUCH!
Large selection of draft beers but nothing really special. Limited menu from the adjacent deli. Good place to watch a game close to the sports book. Noisy especially from casino machines nearby.
For anyone who hasn't been there yet, I would highly recommend a trip to the Heard Museum. It's exhibitions, location and even its restaurants are all first class. Additionally, the design of The Heard Museum- and its architecture is amazing, plus on a clear day you have a wonderful view of west Phoenix, Highly recommended.
Love this bar! Everyone here treats each other like family. The bartenders are terrific and so sweet and fun to talk to.  Great atmosphere. Eddieoke on Thursdays is a blast! Always a good time to be had!
Nice looking inside, but food was overpriced and over cooked and staff was a bit confused/unhappy. Food and Smoothie were both very bland. Owner or manager was very helpful though. It's possible they have just opened so it may get better. :)
The price was good for the strip and the location was centrally located. The free valet was a nice relief. The staff was friendly and the room was clean.\n\nDefinitely pay the extra money to upgrade and get a view of the strip and volcano from your room if you have the option!
This place is AWFUL. They never get your order right and last time I was there they tried to tell me it was $27 for 12 rolled tacos. You've got to be kidding me. They charge extra for everything and their hot sauce bar is disgusting. Not even drunk food worthy.
This place was unbelievable poor in regards to service. \n\nI have yet to ever sit down in a busy restaurant for a lunch service, read the menu, choose a dish, feed my 9 month daughter, clean up and leave and not once have one staff member come by take our order.
Mediocre at best. The food was very oily (who fries an avocado??) and the service was poor. Unfortunately, the ambience wasn't nice enough either to justify returning.
Robertos is disgusting. Even when I'm drunk it's still gross. It's anything BUT authentic. More like a American place trying to be Mexican.
We stopped in recently for happy hour and really enjoyed ourselves.  The addition of this space to Centurion definitely makes it a little roomier.  We cozied up to the bar, enjoyed some tasty cocktails and chatted up the bartender.  All in all, a nice addition to the neighborhood!
I had one of their monster salads today - it was actually quite tasty (Thai need salad and my friend had the ahi tuna). The salad mix is a bit of everything with a bit of meat.  Not too bad but unsure about the $20+ for a salad.
Had a great meal. My husband had a great lean corned beef sandwich. The cabbage soup was perfect and my tongue hit the spot. My  mother-in-law had a super matzah ball soup with bagel chips and I love sour pickles. Look forward to going back when we are in the neighborhood.
highly marginal\nmost of the food was cold and flavorless. the cornbread was like eating sawdust\n\nhowever the sauce was pretty good
Couldn't be happier that this place arrived in chandler!! The food is fantastic! They have kick ass all day daily specials on top of a great happy hour with a pretty awesome draft selection!!! They also have live music with room to dance if you feel like it! Love it, will be a regular!
Excellent door buster sales and great service from Rosa at the registers who even gave me a coupon for an Extra 15% off.  Thorough out the store I was greeted with friendly hellos.
Not bad, but not Capriotti's.
Swanky, gorgeous and expensive!! Bring your bank book even to buy clothes! Makes Bellagio look old and worn...which it is!
Great customer service , friendly and helpful! They moved a year ago to Pecos Rd and Patrick, BTW.
We were excited to try this local pizza restaurant for dinner and ordered a sausage pizza on whole wheat. It was the most tasteless thing I've ever eaten. Too bad, I wanted to like this place.
I would avoid this place. I had to step over the trash, and walk past the grafittii to get into this extremely dirty place. Very dirty, and run down. Its obvious to me that poor management, has even gotten poorer.
It's getting old. The room smelled oldy. The Parking structure is dirty. The buffet is great.\nThe Mresort is the best!
Simply overrated! Money well spent somewhere else! Ordered a T bone steak medium rare but got it well done. Very expensive for the quality of the food.
Online stock information is not correct and when attempted to call was placed on hold 3 times with no explanation. Poor customer service when in store, not acknowledged by any staff nor asked for help. Shelves messy and poor stock on floor after driving 40 min with incorrect stock information.
Priced so right and it's so good! Happy hour all say everyday and you can combine with lunch specials!!! Cheapest white tuna in town!
Horrible customer service skills. Linda that helped us need a attitude adjustment. \nWon't go back to this location.
Vince was very professional & courteous.  I would definitely consider coming back & spread the word about this Midas Location.
Great little shop, off 215, love the special touch they put in their work. Their cream cheese frosting is the best...get it on anything, you will be happy. A real treat for the Vegas community.
Excellent service and customer care. Should be paying for for the quality work done on your car. Love this little place
Definitely one if the best massages I have ever had. Try everything.
If you have time to look you should be able to find something you like here at a great price.
Stayed here when I was in Vegas and would stay again. Friendly staff, good service, nice views and location. All that's needed in a hotel
I ordered the Hong Kong fried noodle and it was good. The garlic sauce with seafood , meat, and veggies  was tasty. It was friendly and  fast service.\nI would go back for fast chinese meals.
Best hot dog i've ever had!  This place was absolutely great.  Such an interesting combination of flavors, but it definitely works.
Counting error once, shame on you. Twice, shame on me. Great donuts, I mean fantastic but for the price should be a bakers dozen but certainly 11 two days in a row is crazy. You've got the donuts down now just work on the counting.
We had a great dinner. I ordered the brick chicken and my Mom got the braised short ribs. The portions were huge so we took it home. Our server was Angelo and he was fantastic. He answered all our questions and was so friendly and professional. We will definitely be back again.
This store needs to take down the hot and ready sign!!! Pizza is never hot and ready!!!
I want my money back.
This course is always in good shape.  Great practice area with chipping and sand.  Go early and take advantage of free range balls.  This is a desert course, but fairways are fairly wide so you can avoid the desert most of the time.  Look for deals on Groupon or Living Social, also golfnow.com has some deals.
This one's terrible. It's soooooo small. There's no clearance section at all. There were sales signs but nothing was really clearly marked. One person inside organizing, but don't even remember being greeted. I think we were in here for less than five minutes. Don't bother.
Great service, Awesome selection of cocktails and beer! Shared the olives, and Hummus which was delicious!  I enjoyed their version of the Moscow Mule because they have a house ginger mix.  Great Location!!
Their pizza is okay, but the rest of the food is pretty good & the prices are good for how huge the portions are! The sandwiches, salads, and pastas are all good (Oregano's favorite, Chicago Italian Sausage, Big O'Vedge). The service is usually okay. Not bad for a chain restaurant.
Good food restaurant was way too hot!!
First time visit - very impressed. Great service - at the bar and table. Reasonable prices for good food. Very attentive wait staff. Overall a great experience - will definitely come back.
It was everything I thought it would be. Fresh seasonal ingredients executed with an above-average degree of skill.  The service was good but I got tired of hearing about the origin and history of every ingredient. Nothing really knocked my socks off so four stars is all.
The wife and I accidently walked into this casino from the Flamingo and it isn't very big but the one thing that I did notice was the cocktail service was very efficient.  Though the drinks themselves were extremely weak.  And for That Margaritaville I give you three stars!
The people here are always friendly, and even though the shelves are disorganized and crazy looking, you can find super good deals. Especially when you want to find designer stuff for way cheaper. I've found a MK watch there for only $150.00 and a Harajuku Lovers backpack for $45.
It's a little hit or miss thee days. Cold eggs in the breakfast sandwich, watery coffee. Keep it together kids!!
Lots to choose from but just almost no taste to anything. Way too many screaming kids whose parents do nothing to try and quiet them at all. The steaks are chewy.
Got the red curry and was pleasantly surprised at how great and fast it was. I have had hotter Thai food but not much better than this.
Great shop, prices seems reasonable. Good trade selection. Staff was friendly. Have a good selection of back issues and some other uncommon stuff. Pretty well rounded shop. Nothing bad to report but didn't blow me away. Will probably be coming back.
Will only be scheduling pick ups if it means coming to this location. The older lady working there is so rude and not helpful at all.
My kids love this place.  My husband enjoyed his food as well.  As the only vegetarian in my family I was surpised by how many options I had on the menu.  The prices are unbeatable and the little dessert cups are the perfect size.  I thought the cheesecake one was the best.
Great food and new open layout. Fun place to grab a few drinks on happy hour.
Un peu cher pour les faibles quantit\u00e9 et qualit\u00e9s des plats. La carte offre peu de choix et aucun dessert.
This place is ok. The venue is small and the wait is long. You literally have to be there when they open which is around 1100 to not wait in line. Anime Ramen is a better choice than Monta Ramen. They have more food choices.
My favorite place in Pittsburgh. The Craig street location has a great bar.
Great location if that is all that is important to you. Service is really bad!!!! Water pressure sucks!!! This place obviously don't care about customer service!!! Vdara is dog friendly but that's the only good thing I have to say about the hotel
Decent pizza, decent service.  I won't drive out of my way, but I'll stop by if I'm in the neighborhood again...
Friendly staff and excellent food.  Very clean and great atmosphere!
Most of the food is pretty decent, but not worth making a special trip for. Unfortunately, the service has never been good. It takes forever and always feels like they are completely understaffed. The mac and cheese is great though, and the live music on the patio is ncie. You're better off just going here for drinks.
Its always a plus when the service and employees are amazingly nice and friendly! The portions are huge and the food is DELICIOUS! Cant go wrong with this place!
Middle of the pack food with inflated prices thanks to its location. The margaritas tasted great but left us to ordering if they forgot to add the Tequila. I'd suggest sticking to the appetizers since they're more than big enough as a meal and relatively reasonably priced.
Great Mexican food! Atmosphere a bit shabby but our meal was excellent. I really loved their Molliritas, signature Margarita.\nCan't wait for our next visit. Rueben gave us great service too.
Visiting sister in Scottsdale for the holidays.... I wanted to like this place, but it wasn't anything special.  It was good, not great.  That said, it's probably the best pizza I've had in PHX. Cute little place, decent wine list, friendly staff.
The best thing about this resort is the staff! From the gate to the club to the valets to the concierge....\nEveryone is not only friendly, but incredibly well trained and helpful!
Pot roast and biscuit were solid.  Collards and fried green tomatoes were disappointing.   Overall nice meal with southern diner type atmosphere.  Next time I will try the chicken and dumplings.
I am addicted to this place! Damn! So so so good.  My friends and I crave this place.  The shrimp in the trifecta, the crab, the corn, the sausage-all finger licking good!! YOU MUST TRY THIS PLACE
the carpet is torn, dirty and smell up on the 2nd floor\neven tho they vac it every day, its old and needs replaced\nas a member there about 4 yrs now, its now a health issue\nfor I sure would not wish to do any type of floor training on it
Tequila tasting can we taste some tequila next time.. was a fun experience but the tequila wasn't even a half a shot
Would be five stars, but really needs a deep cleaning and some updated furnishings...we are talking duck taped booth seats etc! Shocking and sad for such fine food!
Great food - good selection of drinks, beautiful staff - killing it with awesome music on Wednesdays. Try the cod or salmon if you're not in a steak mood.
Great pizza and it's consistent. Love the specials and the honey that comes with the pizza for dipping the crust. They support local businesses so that's a bonus!!!
I don't see the allure of this place.  Don't like the taste, at all.  It's a walk-in pizzeria that . . . I don't know.  I got nothin'.  I'd rather have a Digiorno's.
My kids just love this place. I remember when I took my 2 girls, 4 and 21 months old, on a train ride, my youngest one looked up at me, smiled and gave me a kiss. It was her sweet way of telling me how much fun she was having. I can't wait to celebrate her 2nd birthday there in the Fall.
They are indeed closed and the space is now a Vietnamese restaurant.
Solid four stars. The Jambalaya was awesome, and one of the best parts was the chef makes his own hot sauce, and it was fantastic. My wife got a crab Po'Boy and loved it as well. We are looking forward to going back.
My daughter and I love Liz! She does a wonderful facial and wonderful massage during the facial. A few days after the facial, my skin always looks awesome. My daughter will only get her eye brows done by Liz!!
I was shocked at the mediocrity of the burGRs - its almost as if Gordon Ramsey needs to film an episode of Hell's Kitchen at his own restaurant. Particularly bad was the chantrelle burger.
Food is adequate to satisfy the appetite.  Served cafeteria-style.  I had the pancit and lechon.  My mother makes way better pancit, and the lechon was either dry or had to much fat on it.  Food is mediocre at best.
Just got back from Vegas. Was told about this place did not believe it until tried it for myself. What a  unbelievable experience!!!!' \n OMG!!! Going back in March to Vegas that will be our  first  stop from the airport.
Wow we are here to review food people.... get a life.  The food here is amazing! i'll never eat another chinese again!
I needed to kill a couple of hours waiting for my flight, so I had lunch and read a couple of magazines at CPK.  Service was better than I anticipated for an airport location.  Pizza was a little underdone, but otherwise, my visit was adequate.  My server refilled my drink and didn't bother me unnecessarily.
Cold fries. Nothing was spectacular, but the bread was the highlight. Goat cheese/jalape\u00f1o was greasy. We only had brunch, perhaps dinner would be better.
Cyndy's BOTTOM LINE:  Great micro beers and a good variety of appetizers.\n\nWe loved the battered fried green beans with wasabi sauce!  Great batter and fried golden brown.
Located in the shops at Mandalay Place. The products are high quality. The store is neatly organized. The staff is first rate. Sign up for The Brotherhood Of Shaving and get great deals! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
The food was so great..not blown away by our server! She didn't have much of a personality. :-/ Think her name was Michelle..
Very fair!  i would do business with Stoddart's again.  Does what he says he's going to do and he's not trying to make a killing on service calls.  This guy is doing it right!
If you like to get ripped off,lied to and cheated, then this is the bike shop for you. Prices are insanely marked up and service is by far some of the worse I've ever seen.
I give it 4 stars because it's cheap and their pizzas are huge!  Biggest medium pizza I've seen.  The pizzas themselves seemed pretty basic/standard in terms of quality, nothing special.  Service was acceptable.
Practice is ran horribly.  Their goal is to rack up your bill by doing unnecessary tests, scans and treatment.  And 1/2 of the procedures they recommend are not covered by your insurance.  The cherry on top is the office manger is a total evil witch!
Great service \nCool atmosphere \nGood food\n\nCool Downtown spot !!
This place is amazing. Fancy food for really good prices. You can walk in with shorts and a tshirt on but it looks so nice! Food is also super awesome. Bartender I had was Ray. He was super. :)
On time and very professional. Great cleaning job. Santiago and Renaldo were great and took great care looking for the trouble spots. I definitely recommend them.
Aaaaaa-hole employees give the worst service you'll ever have. Unless you're blackout go elsewhere. They wouldn't give me a water for a dollar. $1.08. Ate the pizza dry as shit. Never again. Pizza was good though.
They don't serve Mimosa's (or any alcohol) on Sunday until Noon. The service was great on a Sunday! The lunch size portions were perfect.
Stopped in again the other day for a quick lunch after a trip to the Mattress Factory.  My original sentiments about this place were completely restored.  Good food and good service.  Nice job Wes!
Straight up you are only get in if you pay your way in. Doesn't matter if you have a ticket or not if you don't wanna pay $50 a head plan on waiting at least an hour and a half.
Definitely worth doing!\nA little expensive though, so I would suggest doing it at night time to really enjoy the experience and view.\n\nThe view is amazing, however taking good photographs can be difficult because of the glass..
Went here for the first time today.read reviews and thought I'd try the beef bowl . Man was I disappointed, looked and tasted like they threw the beef into boiling water then threw it over rice.no flavor.won't be going back there again
Be sure to ask if your car is ready yet. They forget to announce it sometimes and leave you in the lobby waiting for Christmas.
Sucks!Sucks!owners both of them Suck all the people that are probably not from the us and don't speak any English All Suck Too Terrible
Drinks are like juice. Free cover but drinks will cost you. Shots served in warm shot glasses.
Long lines, not very helpful. Nobody really wants to help you. Most of the Walmart's are busy but this one is just always full and the lines are just to long and nobody tries to open other lanes. Very frustrating
Coming from a native Illinoisian......\nSimply the BEST pizza in the Valley....\nMy one & only to go place for pizza!!\nNuff said!!!!
I had to throw my food away it smelled so rancid from the Greece. The staff was not helpful, and when I went to cash into my bonus points they said I spent it . What a rip off. Never again!
#1 in Vegas for a reason.  Everyone has their favs.... the capistrami, the cheeseteak with mush...  Mine is definitely the Bobby.  In case you haven't viewed their menu yet, the bobby is thanksgiving leftovers in a huge sandwich... yeah, exactly.
Tried this restaurant for the first time tonight. For some reason, we thought it would be similar to Noodles & Company. Our food was okay but it seemed overpriced for the portion size. Probably won't go back.
Still one of my favorite sushi & cocktail spots in vegas.  Bonus for me because I usually get my suite in Aria or Vdara, making this place a short walk away.  Try the red champagne.  It's addictive.  Way to stay consistent, SH!  See you in January for CES.
The kitchen was closed and we felt like we were being shoved out the door 45 minutes before closing. The pastries we had had a refrigerator after taste.\n\nSorry, we were not impressed.
Weekends are probably best the food stays freshly changed I notice. I would come here once a month Max. Cheap convenient and the food taste cheap
Can do better. Waiting period was half hour after appointment. Salon is clean and sanitized, with good look and feel design. WIsh the service could match the interiors. Pedicure was average. Manicure was speeded up.
Near airport. Across from UNLV campus. Friendly staff
The service was decent but the Chinese food was really bad. I can't comment on the sushi.
I go to this office depot all the time.. Nice clean and very helpful.. Also right around the corner from my house
There is no one like Dr. Lewis Freed.  He is incredibly smart, kind, and he takes time with his  patients. Dr. Freed explains everything in laymen's terms. As a medical person, I really appreciate his dedication to his practice.
Sad to give any French restaurant a 2 star review.  Breaks my heart.  Boullibase was tasteless and had cold spots.
My boyfriend and I dropped in for the first time on a Sunday afternoon.  The atmosphere was nice and the restaurant was very clean.  Our server Dan was knowledgeable and pleasant. The food was average but good for the price. We will definately be back.
Overall nice place with new and modern seats, screens and good service.  They need to serve a bigger food menu with some healthy options, also beer and wine would be nice.\nWayne Gorsek
Sold us a pair of expensive Lucchese boots that turned out to be factory defects, stamped on the inside was FD, they did not disclose this. Buyers beware!
The room decor is very lovely and the room was very clean. However, I found much of the staff very rude and unaccommodating.
Had to have Kevin to come back and redo my tint because their were still bubbles and an area in the tint where a hair was. J called him and he came out to redo the windows i had issues with. Fingers crossed that it comes out better this time!
Call me crazy but I just don't approve of Crazy Mocha's appearing on every street corner. The coffee is good but not great. I can buy a bag of flavored coffee and brew it at home. I've had better lattees and specialty drinks.
Tired it for lunch... It was ok.  It is pizza.  The crust was doughy.  Never can beat NY pizza in NYC strrets.
It's different. But it's good and for that reason it gets 5 stars. They have great breakfast sandwiches and anything my wife had had she has raved about. You can tour the place and shop as well.  This would be a fun afternoon for anyone who is bored.
Though I've never had German food, this wasn't good. The food was salty and plain. Very over priced and not worth it. I wouldn't recommend to eat here,!stop in and take a look is good enough!!
Since the management changed the place has gone down hill. Food is terrible. Never again.\nUsed to be a regular but bad cold food killed any chance of me returning.
I am from Los Angeles, and this place is the closest to quality of LA. Mexican food I've found.
The chips and salsa seemed like they were bought from Sam's club and served directly to our table. The margarita was really good. However, there were no prices on the menu, and it turns out they charge $13.50 for their lowest level, house margarita. Unbelievable. Stay away.
Overall, we got a great deal here.  Modern hotel and nice room.
The staff is so incredibly friendly! We, my boyfriend and I, got so many free sushi dishes since we let our server know we haven't gone out of our comfort zone with sushi. The food was great!
For the price, this is a great great indian place for lunch!\n\nFor $8, you can get a great lunch special, 2 naan, rice, salad, & entree.  The curries are very well made and the naan is hot out the oven.  I love it here.
This place just flat out sucks. Terrible food (Taco Bell is better), rude and inattentive waiters, dingy, run down, and grossly overrated and overpriced. Will never go back again.
Food was good, service was ok.  Nothing bad to write about, but nothing outstanding either.  Decently priced and tasty.
holy amazeballs.  get some caramel popcorn.
Worst Chinese I've had in Pittsburgh. I ordered pork fried rice.
Update for AM Breakfast:\n\nLove the attentive service, decent prices, & outdoor patio. The waitress checked on us frequently even though we were having breakfast. The breakfast was very good and the portions were decent. I would rate this place as number 2 or 3 best place for breakfast in the Queen Creek area.
Starts as good still serving breakfast I'm happy ok. Then the McCafe machine is broke ok screw it I'll just by Starbucks. Next order taken employees shift change and forget to make my food. All I can say is are you kidding me
I went here on a weekend day for a late lunch with a bunch of family members/friends. I was expecting greasy bar food while I sat outside and enjoyed the sun (there's an upstairs and downstairs patio) .... and that is exactly what I got.
I've been going here for decades, have tried most every dish, and love them all. A bit crowded, and not my favorite cozy atmosphere but great for a healthy lunch.
The mushroom torte is fantastic. We are vegetarians and have a hard time finding a good veggie friendly place to eat. This restaurant is very accommodating and has many delicious dishes for us.
For a chain, it ain't bad, BUT it's a CHAIN!\n\nNext.
I just went here to get a shake and waited like 15 minutes in the drive thru. They messed up my order by putting hot fudge so when I got my shake it was like nuke warm. This was a horrible disappointment!!! Will never be going to this one again!
This place is garbage. It is not only over priced, but they use cheap, low quality ingredients. Canned food is never acceptable for me when I dine out. I had the tuna melt sandwich and it was $15 without a drink!
My 22 month old and I really enjoyed our time at Playgrounds.  I felt like I got a good value for the cost.  My only criticism would be that the play area seems a little small compared to the full size of the location.  Nonetheless, this is a great place to get out of the heat with a toddler.
This place has gone so far downhill.  $20 for a pathetic wash, left garbage in the door pockets, didn't seem to give a rip.  Never again.
Used to work at a place in the same shopping center and every Saturday I'd go and get myself either a cookie or a Savannah bar or muffin. Some of the best baked goods Charlotte has to offer.
I have still not found resolution to this matter. I keep receiving requests to pay, even though I did not commit to a membership. I am blown away by this gym, and it really gives all of Lifetime Fitness a bad image....
Always good and great prices.  This is really not fast food so expect a little wait while they cook it. No WIFI is available. Right next to a movie theater. We are regular customers here and have tried many of their offerings.
Overrated. The food is not worth the dining experience and the staff is less than friendly or accommodating. I'll never attempt to eat here again.
Great service and the food was very tasty, although the fish wasn't as fresh as I expected. You must try the octopus sashimi. Very pricey but it is worth it because of their unique and tasty dishes.
pretty average mexican food, with a large cantina area atttached that becomes a club of sorts on the weekend.\n\nto be honest, i've been here three times in as many years. with casa reynosa and rosita's so close, i tend to opt for them over this place.
Not a big fan of deep fried tacos. Hated it.   Don't waste your time.  Glorified fast food.  Blah.
I love this place! Went here for lunch, and they have a great build your own bowl with a variety of basses, protein, and veggies. The food is very good quality and the atmosphere is trendy and comfortable. Our server was very knowledgeable about food allergies and which items are gluten free which is amazing.
Hard to find an authentic korean place in town and this is def one. \n\nThey are a little pricy with not a lot of lunch specials. \n\nI order the kimchee with some spicy pork cooked together. Forgot wat it is called but absolutely hot and delicious.
The food was horrible the service was worse! The woman with dyed short hair acting as hostess is mean n rude! Can't believe I actually spent money there! Won't go bk as long as I am breathin...
I love this place for a quick teriyaki. I disagree w/ others who say its expensive I think it was right on track...Combo meat veggie bowl is my fav and their spring rolls are GREAT~
Good food but not much flair or creativity. The people watching is the big plus. All in all if you want the best sushi experience, this is not it. I know this is short, but that's all this place deserves. It's not bad, but it's not good either.
I've been to quite a few cirque shows and this is by far the most visually stunning of them all. I don't want to give anything from the show away so just take my word for it this is a must see show for everyone, you will be amazed and astounded.
Drove all the way from Glendale to this location thanks to yelp only to get home and my order was completely screwed up and had items missing. I'll call in the morning to request a refund but in the meantime never again will I visit at this location.
Upscale sports bar with decent menu & food.  Fair amount of fried food. My bf had his favorite, fish & chips and he rated out a six out of ten.   I had the breakfast sandwich for lunch really just wanted the tator tots.  Sandwich was just ok but we would probably eat here again.  Alex our waitress was great.
Every time I have been here I have seen a fat spiky haired Hispanic guy talk down to customers it's retarded that he is allowed to do so but not a surprise from cox. Especially because they take so long to exchange things and help others because they have to do this fml
Delicious. Tasty. Excellent flavor. Friendly staff. Super quick. Have come here several times and the portions are big at a good price. Always a good experience and always enjoy the food.
This Domino's is the closest near my house and they're service is always superb. The food is always hot, always correct and very delicious.
Avoid this branch! Long lines, very slow!
Found this little gem at Tempe Market place.  Excellent sandwiches, empanadas, and teas.  Staff is friendly and efficient.
I'm usually pretty happy. Except for the cashier who is all in your grocery business. Today I did a late night shopping and was disappointed I had to check myself and bag all my groceries.  The machine likes to give you a major hard time. Looking up vegetables was a pain! Call button is ignored!
Awesome!! I love this place
They work quickly, but speed isn't worth it if the final product is damaged.
Had the displeasure of tasting there beer at an event in scottsdale 10-19...The beer was just god awful never again shall this swill touch my lips
To yummy everything is just perfect the sushi is great and the steak is great we'll everything is great
If I could leave 0 stars on this review, I wouldn't hesitate to do so. Worst customer service EVER and over-priced on EVERYTHING! A $50 carborator or $90... get outta here! Beware!
Kinda cute mais tres chere!!! oh baby watch your wallet!
Great Response and attention to Detail. I'm grateful for people that care and want to be here. Great Staff. Thank You.
Iconic spot in Madison. If you're visiting, and it's between April and October, you must go here.
The food was ok service was awful. We had to go to bar to get our own drinks. Very Load
Best Italian sandwich. I stop here every trip to Montreal. I absolutely love this sandwich. Fresh baked bread, homemade Italian sausage, homemade slaw and hot sauce.
I love the smoothies here every one I have tried is delicious. Also they have the best coconut water I've ever had, straight out of the coconut.
Fries were over salted the last 3 times. Very disappointing for me because I generally love Wendy's.  If you can avoid the fries odds are the are extremely salty.
Great hookah, friendly staff. \n\nWe had a pineapple head, tasted pretty awesome with a bit of mint and prickly pear.\n\nBrie rocks
This is me and my wife's go-to joint off strip. Never been disappointed with the food or the service. Nice atmosphere and excellent panna cota.
The soda machine is awesome great flavors ... The hamburger was overcooked not bad but over cooked I was told medium rare it came out medium... Flavors aren't bad on the burger but overall it's just mediocre ..
I shop here all the time.  Staff is friendly and helpful.  But .......the bathroom is always NASTY.  I always question if I should shop there when the bathroom is always disgusting. Yucky
I absolutely live this place! And PETER is amazing! Been coming to him since Oct. 2013 and never had an issue with my nails! He is very patient and will do pretty much anything you want! CC Nails and Peter are highly recommended by me! :)
If I am going to spend this much on a burger, I am going to go sit down and eat a good burger at say Gordon Beirsch or something like that.
I loved my experience at Cabin Coffee! Great atmosphere, and wonderful service. I had the green shake, which was recommended by one of the staff members,  and it was very well made and was also affordable. I can't wait to head back!!!
The food is great & the service has always been top-notch.  I love the turkey here.\n\nWorth checking out!!
The Black and Green Burger was probably one of the best burgers that I have ever had (and I have had a lot of burgers).  This is a must visit place when in Vegas.  Make sure to get there early to avoid the lines.
Don't waste your time.
This place is solid. Everything on the menu is fantastic. We finally got a chance to try their happy hour which was excellent as we'll.
Was taken here for moms day, we got right in, however server forgot items that we ordered, remembered after we were almost done. Hard to get his attetion for refills and check. Like food and will go back but never on a busy night/ any holiday.
We were looking for a desk, and all of the employees were really nice and helpful.\n\nMinus one star for not carrying desktop PCs with Intel processors. AMD sucks.
Food was bad.  Charges for rice.  Service was meh.  Ordered fried chicken wings.  It came out soggy, nasty, and bloody--was utterly disgusting.  Would not recommend, ever...
air conditioned stadium!!!!!\nenough said
Atmosphere is relaxed but upscale. Great place for a date. Calm & chill, fantastic service, the most delicious veal & steak.  One of the best meals of our lives.
WOW! This was our first time eating here & we loved it. Everything was great from the service to the drinks and the food was.even better. A must have is the bacon wrapped dates & the Paella Valenciana. The shrimp in the Paella was cooked perfectly. Chef Oscar Sanchez even came out to greet the patrons.
They just plain and simply have the worst customer service. The manager needs to take a class in guest services!! I find it sad because I love Albertsons. The employees try to do what they can for the guest understanding the guest but the managers hold them back!
Burger meat was delicious. It was served medium rare as requested but the toppings were very cold which resulted in a cold burger. The cheese had not melted and the saut\u00e9ed mushrooms were also cold.\nUnusual way to server. I didn't want a McDLT.
Want fast food McDonald's is always a classic been going to McDonald's since I was little kid.oh memories lol  If you are on a budget and not on a diet McDonald's is you place to be.lol\n\nHappy eating xoxoxo
We went here on our last day visiting Vegas because I was craving a Cheese Plate. they did not have one on the lunch menu but they were accommodating and made me the one off the dinner menu I also got the meat plate both were very good. I would come back again.
Great restaurants here, but can they get a flight out on time?  Leaving PHX for SFO was almost an hour late and returning to HNL from PHX was 40 minutes late.\n\nGeez...at least I was able to get there and didn't have other connecting flights.
The food wasn't bad, just nothing special. The real failing here is the service. On Friday night they had one waitress. Additionally, the waitress they had ranks  somewhere between inept and indifferent. Just plain bad with an attitude to boot.
Great salon and even better customer service!
Terrible.  Overbooked and forced to wait an hour over appointment time after time.  If insurance let me go to other doctors would in a heartbeat.\n\nPoor bedside manner not too friendly.  Very disappointed.
Kevin is hands down the  best.. Any kind of designs u want, show him and he will do his best to make u happy and satisfy, and of course u have to pay more for fancy designs, but the point is u get what u want...
Ah, another high school pit stop. This place is great for random gifts, humorous books and furnishings. Keep an eye out for their clearance items, great discounts.
This is simply the best papa johns around.  The pizza is always consistent and they exceed where others fail by making sure your order is correct. I have found this store to be much friendlier and cleaner than the others.
I went here for lunch and had a slice of margherita pizza (tomatoes and mozzarella). The pizza was Ok but not great. The slice was very large and cost $6.49. There were five different kinds of pizza. If you have the chance, Secret Pizza at the Cosmopolitan is better.
We had a fun relaxing time my friend had the caesar salad it was fantastic my bf had  ham X it was good and I had the sweet n spice asian salad it was out of this world and our waitress was awesome
A fun restaurant! Staff is friendly and service is good. I usually come for the nigiri and the Orange slice. Recently tried their yakisoba which was yummy and their fried rice which was okay. Being near the university, the crowd can be on the younger side but I've never felt out of place.
Delicious. . Delicious !!!! Fresh , melts in your mouth sushi.  The staff is very friendly ,  personable,  and also knowledgeable of their dishes.  Impressive
We eat here a lot! The food is as good as Jack in the Box gets, but sometimes the girl at the window yells at us. I like it!
Catfish & Grits, Shrimp Charlotte, Sweet Potato & pecan pie, Bananas Foster Bread Pudding... Fabulous food, everything was great! Service was really good & the old building was a perfect setting. Definitely going back. Can't wait to try everything else.
The food is actually pretty good and cheap.  They have specials on certain nights too.  My only issue is that it seems to open in the dining area.  Also, one time we had a waiter who closed us out early so he could go home.  He wasn't that friendly.  Loses a star due to service issues.
Really unhappy last night at 10:30 stopped by with six friends and all toppings were put away and chairs were stacked up. I think if you are listed to be open till eleven you stay open. I love yogurtology but maybe it's time to try a competitor.
It's everything you would expect from Guy. Outstanding. Huge burgers full of innovative flavors and sauce combinations. I had the turkey burger and have been back twice to order it again. You won't be disappointed. Delicious. If you like Guy, you will love this place.
LOVED this place!  We were craving a burger, and the 1842 Burger did not disappoint - we added Gouda and it was so incredible, and the meat was perfectly done wagyu beef.  The Mac and cheese side dish was decadent.  Great sports pub ambience.
The affagato was sweet and creamy! Two scoops of your choice gelato and two shots of espresso :)
DO NOT USE 24/7 LOCKSMITH!!!  They quoted me a price and when they came out told me it was going to cost exactly 10 times what they quoted me. The locksmith then has gone on to repeatedly text me very inappropriate things. I cannot stress enough NOT to use this company!
lucky us to have this place in Sq. hill among the ever growing restaurant scene..I thoroughly enjoyed by soup with roast pork and had enough for leftovers.. Bravo.
I came here for the hot dogs. I came for just 1 and ended up getting another one. Yes they are that good. The bread and everything combined is sooo delicious. I also got the horchata which was on point. It's good real good I must try if you haven't had.
OK, still some cool stuff -- but the place has changed hands. Check it out, though. Clothes are better organized.
I've always been a of food adventures, but the food here is just plain awful.  Orange chicken type dishes should NOT EVER be made into quesadillas.
Currently I am sitting here and waiting for my food for almost 1 hour... it's only me and my wife...and placed only two simple orders... horrible service. .. can't believe it takes more than hour to serve us food...
C'mon people. Set the bar a little higher. NOTHING to see here, move along... If you think this is a great bagel, then you need to see a bit more of the world than your little square. Shame on Fodors for promoting this simple bakery.
Got the \"beast\" burrito and it was full of gristle in the meat and had a BONE in it. NEVER will go back..like eating at a Filibertos for 5 times the price. Eat at your own risk.
Don't use their installer excel! They stained my stairs an incorrect color and was not noticed until after installation and they were paid. Their response you can get a kit at lowes for 60 and stain it yourself. I couldn't make that up if I tried.
I try to have lunch at CPK when I'm in town for business since I can walk around the shops and I'm close to the airport. The salads are always good. The staff is friendly and I love sitting outside!
I got a good deal on Priceline, but was disappointed that it cost extra to use the pool, internet and park. Ridiculous!\n\nBtw, The room was nice.
This review is for the summer camp held here:  what can I say this was one of my child's favorite summer camps around Phoenix and we did a lot of them. The lion king production by these kids was excellent for one week of preparation.  They can't stop talking about this experience.
Much cleaner and more open feeling than most Hooters. The pub-style food is consistently good and the service always includes a big smile. The signature hooters wings are fantastic so are the buffalo shrimp IF you can get them butterflied. I also tried the shrimp po-boy sandwich for the first time and was really impressed.
Over priced and not even close to what I can juice.  But I need my greens, taste was blah
Never really read books but went to get magazine before.
Kim did a great job on my dog.  I didn't have an appointment but she got in was very professional. :)  \nDennis G.
Been to the NY location and this one stacks up fairly well. Pizza and service were fantastic! Went here with a group of friends who had never been to NY and they said this was the best pizza they ever had. It was pretty darn close.
Worst experience ever. Equipment was not cleaned properly. They charged more than I normally pay at my regular place Biagio and their service was no where close to as good. I do not recommend.
horrible, sushi was not fresh at all like the other reviews have said.  Lobster tail were horrible too.  They did not taste like lobster more like a giant schrimp, crab legs were whatever ,  dessert was horrible.  DO NOT GO HERE... i spent 41 bucks and was mad!
what a rip-off! everything is small portion and overprice. dinner for us 2 wa 190.00 without alcohol. the decoration was beautiful and surrounded by large crowd of golddiggers.
They will be having summer camp sign ups soon. Come and check them out. Loads of fun, excellent experience and certainly a place to meet new friends.
Very friendly and helpful,knowledgable and not tryin to charge us more than they should plus he gave us 15% off!
Don't do it. All I ordered was the Egg Rolls. However, Customer Service was great.
Way over priced. Fancy Mexican food, there's no such thing in my mind.  $9 for a 12 ounce Margarita is absurd.
I love this burger joint if you're looking for a large burger and fries at a reasonable price you have to consider here everyone was friendly and my burger was huge gave me -itis lol but was well worth it for $6 bucks
It was ... OK. Waitstaff was awkward. I don't understand why people who are unfamiliar with interaction with other people go into a service job.
Well Spa was surprisingly posh and I loved it!  There are full amenities and very nice private relaxation loungers. The massage table had some of the most comfortable bedding of any SPA I've been to. Great experience and good prices.
It's Walmart!  Decent stuff at cheap prices with interesting people abound.
Had high expectations from zagat   Nice decor.  Good service  but the food underwhelmed.   Carpaccio bland except from the lemon squeezed on it. Calamari greasy dipping sauces boring. Cioppino very southwest like chile with seafood.
Ok service. Food is marginal. Had the lobster roll. But it had too much mayo on top which masked the lobster. \n\nHad the nachos as an app and they were pretty plain. Cheese was weird.
Excellent food! Excellent service! Drunken noodles are the best. I've been to Thailand and this was just as good or better!
I like this place even if it's a chain. It is pricey (or at least more pricey than the other guys) but the pizza is great with topping options you can't get anywhere else (sun dried tomatoes, ricotta cheese, capers, etc).
All I get is the house fried rice, but that's just me. Family gets all the rest. Great service.
Average at best \"Italian\" food. Way over priced for the quality of food and service that you receive. I suggest saving your money and going elsewhere.
I had breakfast here this past week - The food was great and I enjoyed the atmosphere!
Clean, no wait and plenty of parking but that's where the positive stopped. Service was insultingly slow, food was  luke warm and ooverly sally...won't be back..
This particular location is lacking on good service. We waited a very very long time between bowls of our unlimited soup, salad and bread sticks. It's sad bc Olive Garden is such a staple but this location left us annoyed and hungry!
Can't beat the prices here.  Love the chips and salsa.  Margarita's are good.  Always get seated right away.  Refies are just okay.  Always friendly service.
This IS the ONLY place in Madison to get a good gyro. Its in Trader Gus' gas station. (Shell)
Really loved the lobster roll. Was it worth $18? For a treat , yes. A regular thing , No. I also had the lobster bisque and it was delicious. Fun thing to do, especially to get fresh lobster in AZ but bring the bucks!
The WORST slush margarita we ever tasted! A chemical green color and a bad taste that remained long after that first sip. We learned they used artificial lime in it. How can anyone sabotage a margarita with artificial lime? \n\nGood service, it is a pity the quality was not there.
I love this place.  It's clean and the pedicure chairs are nice.  They use liners in the pedicure bowls for every pedicure which makes me feel better about those bowls being clean.  I have brought friends who were also impressed.  Kim is great, and she gets it right with my nails every time.  Highly recommended.
I discovered this place using the Entertainment book. It is a little hard to find, located behind what used to be Popeyes by Home Depot. I went in not knowing what to expect, it seemed like a good place. Met the owner, Biaggio. The food was good.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  I have not had anything at this place that I do not love!! I wish I could figure out how they make the Corn Nuggets. I would live off these things!!
Ugh, this place is annoying. \n\nGood: Wifi, 'cuzzi, big room.\nBad: Horrible view, room kinda smelled funny, forced to change rooms with only 1 bed for 3 people.\n\nBlargh!!
This barbershop is horrible they say they close at 9pm it was 7:43pm when I walked in and they said they're closed 2 barbers were there and said \"I'm done\" bad business don't come here. Piece of shit ass business. They were rude.
quick service.\ni got the beef tacos.\n\nTheir rice were pretty much salt balls and the beef was super dry. so it was really salty and really dry. I threw them away after my 3rd bite. \nTaco shell was crunchy though.
The only reason I am giving 2 stars is the beer.  As for the rest, imagine overpaying for not-so-good food in a restaurant that smells like dirty dishwater and looks like it came from chain restaurant heaven.  I guess I just prefer local restaurants over chains.
I really enjoy this place.  The food is very good, the service isn't bad.  Plus the $10.00 off coupon for joining their eclub isn't bad either. This place will always have a special place in my heart, because this is where I took my wife on our first date.
Very clean, well-kept casino and entertainment venues for adults and kids, good buffet. Safe and well-monitored parking garage.
Large menu, a little pricy for the quality of food.. Canned?.. Good beer selections, basic irish dishes.. Eeh .. Nothin special
Portion is huge,quite pricey.  This place is just okay for me,would not go back.
Absolutely the best show I've seen. I don't know what else to say other than it was just absolutely amazing.
one of the cutest coffee shops i've been to. the staff is so warm and friendly! i ordered a soy latte. the foam was really chunky and just wrong. but after scooping that out it tasted really great.
Nasty! Disgusting. I can't believe I even stepped in the doors.
Great Soccer fields, A small swing area for Kids and lot of shaded area. \n\nOnly negative is Bathrooms are dirty..
I really enjoy the atmosphere at this bar & grill. Definitely the place to go if you're in the Arcadia neighborhood.
#9 with hot peppers.  yummmm
Idk,  this guy is very unprofessional. He initially said 1 hr for the appointment then rescheduled and then canceled. He had a very unprofessional demeanor as well. Idk how he maintains a  legitamate business, i world never do business with such a person!
This was a disappointment.  I expected to have excellent food and at least one dish that would be better than I had experienced anywhere else.  That didn't happen.  The food was good, not great.  Nothing stood out, although the service was pretty good and the ambiance was very nice.  I'm not even tempted to try it again.
Went in for New years day for a quick bite to eat. Totally ignored for 15 minutes in the dining area. Sat ourselves, took our own menus. Waitress walked by us countless times, not a peep. Menu looked way over priced anyways. No thanks John Cutter.
Very good Pho!  Reasonably priced. \n\nDon't get intimated with the strip mall it's located in. The place is older but seems clean and I always get good Pho.
Umm.....
Put some time into learning how to shop this store and you will be greatly rewarded.  Excellent values all over the place, and things you can't find anywhere else.  I especially like the produce department.  \n\nLotus is one of only 4 stores I always have to shop when I visit the strip.
interior is pretty minimalist but clean. service is very friendly but can get really busy and backed up at times. the quality of boba/drinks are OK for chinatown standards, good for henderson standards. value is excellent. nice to have a place like qq in henderson.
I try to shop Urban Pet first when looking for something since I like the owner and his shop.   He is really helpful and friendly and carries some nice products.   Good selection of foods and toys and treats.  The store is not heavily stocked, but I go there often and find lots of products I like.
Just stopped here for a drink on a Saturday evening. Sat on the back patio and listened to the sounds of a football game on TV mixing with the birds in the trees above. Kinda strange but fun for me! \n\nI tasted a cucumber vanilla martini which was pretty tasty!
Took too long to get someone to give me a container for buffet to go.  Expensive but was already there so thought what the heck.  While filling the container waitress hovered and then at check out tried to change price to $3 higher as I \"put too much food in the container\"  I left without food.
The prices here are pretty great, they got big TVs so it's a good place to watch the game. However when the check comes, they always seem to give back the wrong amount of change, and not in your favor.
Not sure why I went outta my way for this place. Seemed good when we first walked in. Then the mashed potatoes were cold and the meat wasn't that great. The sweet tea and the Corn bread were great but that was about it. I wouldn't go back. Best bbq in the west my ass.
Delicious and well-priced slices. Definitely going to marry the garlic knots one day. It's pretty packed on the weekends, especially after Alive After Five, but the service is quick.
Went there on a Sat afternoon.  Service was so slow we walked out after 45 minutes.  I've heard similar tales from people I have mentioned the restaurant to.  The place is is staffed with teenagers.\nSKIP THIS PLACE.
Vibe is great in here, a mix of an American sports bar with delicious Mexican food. Clean restaurant with a friendly staff. I ordered fish tacos and black beans, both were very different than I've ever had but I'm not complaining. Definitely going to become a regular to this place.
This is going to be short and sweet.  Average-ish food and lower than average service.
Terrible, inattentive staff at the counter/bar area. Was bad, so I left before even ordering.
This place is amazing if your looking for a chill place to come smoke hookah, eat or drink with friends  come to this place it is a very friendly  service... Especially by Kenny Mundo who handles your hookahs for your stay
The food is good, however the staff is very uninviting, and the store is also pretty dirty.
I gave them my class schedule, I rented the books. One book I did not need. I went back to returned it (1week after) the manager did not want to give my money back. \nBe careful!!! Or they we'll get your money this way.
This Target is a great Target. It is always stock and clean. The employees are always nice and it is fun to walk around for a little while when it starts to get hot. Totally am in love with Target.
Great beer selection. Good food. Subpar service. I really want to patronize this place more but 2 visits and both with crappy service makes it tough.
Just okay.  Nothing spectacular.
While there were some negative reviews, we assumed that the largely Asian clientele would a good sign. Nope! it's been years since we have had Thai food this bad. The chicken was at best dark meat, at worse - cat. I have not had Tom Yum soup screwed up until this place. Yuck!
Slow service and the people serving food don't seen to be in a hurry at all to help the customers. I guess bad management.
Went back again and the food and price are still good!
This was a cute place to grab something quick. Good hotdogs and cheese fries. Gotta love there drinks in the pink souvenir cups!
Excellent white pizzas!! EXCELLENT.\n\nAs for the Red Pizzas? Not so much.\n\nWill most definately go back. The creativity done with these white pizzas is most divine.
On business in Quebec.... Three terrible meals elsewhere.... Resorted to a Yelp search .... Which pointed me here.\n\nYou will not be disappointed - classy place - great service - good food at a reasonable price.\n\nHighly recommended
We had crab and arugala salad and mahi mahi with cilanto lime slaw.   The food was good apart from the Mahi Mahi being a little overcooked for my taste.
I went here to escape the heat and do a fun activity. The staff was rude and unwelcoming. It was so hot inside the building, my friend and I left dripping in sweat. I don't think they had any air conditioning. Only stayed for an hour because of the heat In the building.
also clean and friendly..love to go early when the prices are cheap!
Rooms are clean. Bathrooms are decent. Casinos are what you would expect. \n\nNothing out of the ordinary.\n\nYou have to pay extra to work out in their fitness room. I hate that. I just want to run for two hours and I have to pay more than $10 for that?
My whole family loves coming to Pho Viet to eat. Friendly and clean atmosphere. Best Pho Ga!!!! Very nice and attentive staff!
i can't get enough of this place!! reminds me of back home!! chicken katsu loco moco bomb good, ahi poke, and every friday they have the hawaiian plate i can't get enough of it, good prices and biug portions and service is great!!!
This was a pretty decent place for good BBQ.  There isn't that much variety - mostly focused on BBQ meat sandwiches.  The good thing is that despite the small menu, what they do have is pretty good - I had the BBQ beef, which was tasty and had a ton of flavor.
So glad they are back in the neighborhood. Maria has everything fresh - cleanest place in town you could eat in the restrooms - Best Tortillia Soup ever - Food is cooked to order so do not expect it when you walk in the door this is no Tacco-Bell
Heads up the hostess here is well not a hostess no better way to say it ! So slow we ended up just walking in and seating ourselves! I got the fried chicken it was great!! I would have given a higher rating but that hostess was just bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I walked in and asked one question and the clerk was unwilling to help and was also rude. It's worth driving the extra few blocks to hinkleys. As a manager of a retail store myself, this is a horrible way of handling customers and I doubt this place will be in business much longer.
Once was enough for me. Parking is a pain. The place is small and cramped as well as hot. They do offer drop off service which even though I haven't used it has to be better then trying to do laundry in this hotbox. I prefer the self serve laundry on mckellips across from the police station.
Reasonable adult food when you also have to feed a hoard of kids!\n\nI love the corn chowder, the muffins and we have had generally pretty good service.  My husband loves the variety and the kids will eat anything.\nDefinitely not gourmet food but not bad
All you can eat meat and seafood! You make your own sauces whether you want to dip your meat in a spicy water base or regular! This place is great
Great food, but the service wasn't good enough to make up for the rude, slow service!
This was probably the worst haunted house I have ever been to. I didn't jump not one time.  I drove an hour and bought the 40$ rip tickets for nothing. You are to close to the people in front of you so it takes away from being scared because you see what's about to happen every step of the way.
Absolutely no customer service on the floor. The salon people will help out if you are way in back by their items. Makeup people will grunt out help if they are questioned. There are nice amount of products there but looking for something specified for just your needs is hard to find because there is no customer service available.
One of my favorite Mexican places. Great bean dip and awesome pollo fundido!
Good location, but not really accessible if you're headed East on Elliot.\nParking lot is often full and parking is limited.\nGood, fresh coffee.\nStore typically clean and fairly busy too.
There are few places where you can score a dynamite Philly cheesesteak in the valley and this is one of them. Great phillies and pizza and always at a great price. \n\nBonus: Free delivery!! Don't forget to tip your driver for the delish food.
I've been looking for something new as a lunch spot. A friend took me here last week and it was pretty good. Just about the entire staff greets you as you walk in. I had the drunken noodles. Perfect heat and excellent flavors. Not to mention a healthy portion. I will be back to try the other options.
Many good galleries and studios are located in the Arts Factory. Now also the Bar + Bistro with activities happening every week.\nHighly recommend for art, food and cocktails.
Love love love the wings!
Found a great rate on Golf Now - called in and spoke with Brad. He was extremely friendly, courteous, and gave great advice on what course to play. Hole 15 on the Links Course has incredible views and I recommend this course to anyone looking for a great value. One of the oldest courses in Phoenix too!
No, thanks.  \n\nVinyl diner decor, bartenders who seem annoyed at serving you, and a closing time of 12 am on a Friday.  \n\nI'm sorry, did I somehow *leave* Vegas and not even know it?
Great spa! Very comfortable with a very nice staff! I loved it! Will be back soon with more company!
Our second Thomas Keller experience. Absolutely lovely and delicious. The food and presentation was perfection. I had the crab cake benedict, my husband had the baked chicken and waffle.  The service was great, we had a table of 9. Everyone was delighted.
Service was ok... My pasta was over cooked .
I saw this on triple D so I had to try it. The food is okay and the place is kinda a dive. Not the kind of place you'd want to bring a date. I would probably come back but there are plenty of other places in Pittsburgh that I prefer.
Be wary of this place, they recently had a C rating for the health inspection. \n\nThe food is very greasy, the woman is very unpolite, and the rice is not firm, it's mushy. After hearing about the bad health inspection rating, I know I will NEVER eat here again.
Moment of weakness. They got my simple order wrong. No flavor. And the cheese part o the Philly Cheesesteak is practically MIA. Avoid unless you just want to burn money.
Friendly staff and decent pizza.
Had a vegetarian burger it was very filling
This grocery store gets 2 stars just for being open 24 hours.  \nI only shop there if it's after midnight (when the other grocery stores in the area have closed). \n\n- overpriced\n- very annoying security 'guys' follow you around the store\n- limited selection
Over priced drinks, but really good environment and fun new people.  I really like the two layer feel of the place.  The bottom floor felt like a night club, while the to top had a nice lounge/concert vibe to it.  Nice security.
Great food, and price was reasonable. Great service.
This is one expensive stop. The gas here is very expensive. Go fill up else where.
The room was kind of clean - I found a pair of dirty socks and their was toothpaste/water splatter on the walls in the bathroom.
Delicious Vietnamese cuisine! Their pho soup is very tasty and flavorful! I only eat at this restaurant for pho and bun bo hue!
Facilities are OK for a conference, with the exception of the bathrooms that are woefully inadequate for any group larger than 20 persons. There were over 100\nattending today's meetings.
Amazing home made food and great cocktails. Loved the Mole Verde and the black bean tacos. Fridays are 3 for $7 taco night!
This is another dirty gas station. It sucks that none of these chains take pride in providing a clean or organized method of doing business.
Very disappointed .  Will leave it at that.  I gave them several chances.  Bad thing about it, they don't care that they lost 3 customers
Had a good time after hanging out at First Friday. Drinks were excellent and husband said the Calamari was great too.
This one is pretty simple. Only good to grab a drink, maaaaaaaaybe two, before a game and move on
Coupons were very misleading.  Received a buy one entree, get one 1/2 half.  This coupon did not apply to hamburgers?! Food was good but very overpriced.  Burgers and fries were very big and good.  Recommend splitting with another person.
Old but clean, may not be in the best part of town but conveniently located close to downtown.  I found the staff to be extremely nice and helpful.\n\nI felt completely comfortable waiting on the train; I can't ask for much more!
It was my first time in Vegas. The airport itself isn't as large as what I had expected it to be. Easy to walk and navigate through. Watching people still playing on the slot machines before boarding their flight was a hoot.
Wasn't impressed with the chili cheese dog. The cheese they use is your standard melted plastic looking nacho cheese. Very flavorless chili too. \nFour dogs and a small tea cost me $16...kinda pricey and I expected more.
Disappointed. We ordered three different cupcakes. An orange cream, peanut butter cup and salted caramel. All three were extremely dry, like they had been sitting on the shelf for a day or two. The customer service was poor also. Will not be going back.
This place is very good! never knew about it before. Food was great workers were very nice.
Wow. Just went their for pedis and it was awesome. Super laid back. The massage chair was so comfortable. The service was quiet but professional. Would definitely come back and recommended. And it's cheap :-)
The hotel is nice enough, but when we arrived there was hair on our comforter. They were very apologetic and took care of it quickly. The buffet was good. Had our names on the guest list at Haze, but arrived too late and they couldn't get us in.
The flavor was good on the sauces but where are the chicken wings? I got wings the size of quail wings and charged like they were!
The buffet food tastes like cardboard. Our server and the fresh pasta chef were very nice. Vince Neil bar service is slow and the bartender forgot to bring us our drinks. Not worth it.
Absolutely horrible service. Completely unorganized and flat-out rude
My wife and I have been going here for 3 years, usually\nNo wait and very professional. Our pug has to have oxygen to cut her nails...spaz!  The best place to go as far as I'm concerned. Always calls ahead for shots and doesn't  try to sales services you don't need.
I have been here twice. They didn't put espresso in my latte this time, and their food was gross both times... Not to mention all of the employees give off an elitist hippie/hipster vibe. Hate it.
The lasagne is excellent. The short ribs were ok, but they weren't spectacular. Service was good and attentive.
I work out of Indian Land which has 0 hotels at the moment..my next choice would be to stay in Ballantyne which is almost always booked and most of the hotels exceed my daily hotel allowance. The Hyatt is clean, has a bar, good food, fun staff, and most important the rooms are quiet.
Fair.  I went here with my family and would not return again.\n\nWisconsin does much better in this category.\n\nTry somewhere else.
Used to be a great dive to shoot pool/darts. Now over priced and boring. Might as well be a Starbucks
Not impressed at all. Way over priced even during Happy Hour. Service was basic when empty and non existent when busy (had to beg for the check then it was an imposition to split it). And come on now if you need a flashlight yo read the menu its too dark!!
Awesome job!  Professional, clean, and affordable.  I've had several vehicles tinted with Eclipse, and I keep coming back!.  Thanks again for a great job.
Drinks are great. Food is fresh. They say it's authentic Mexican. I would say authentic American Mexican.
I love the variety on the menu because everything is great here. It's the best service in town and everyone here is SO friendly. I will always return to Lang Van--sometimes twice a week!
Recently purchased and updated.  The Wigwam is back!\n\nThe course was in great shape and the grounds and staff at the clubhouse are first rate.\n\nThe casitas and hotel are very nice as are the restaurants.
Good food and good sushi. Pad Thai is good and portions are generous especially at dinner.
I have ordered from the location at least 3 times. The staff is friendly, the pizza is fresh & hot and the salads are piled with all the right stuff. They always get my order correct, including light sauce. It's affordable and fast. I usually prefer them over, Pizza Hut & Dominos.
Love Barneys the brand...and their other locations, but this store lacks good people and their customer service is awful.
My family loves this place. Their house balsamic dressing and homemade bread are worth the trip alone. Try the eggplant rollatini if you enjoy eggplant. The only thing is I don't care for their meat sauce.
Crab omelet? More like imitation crab meat which is really just a mix of various extra fish parts, processed and flavored like crab. When will restaurants be honest about what they serve? Its just sad.
Tucked away on a side street off Mill Ave, Chronic is a great late night food option when it's 1am and you realize you are starving. Their tacos &  burritos are good, and if you are looking for a less crowded, mostly \"locals\" place to grab a drink it's a good spot.
Went here for the first time yesterday it was a cool little spot very interesting blend coffee and beer but it works it was clean and the service was good I will be back
We had a little of everything.  Have to say the bbq chicken was a huge hit with the family. BBQ sauce was the best I've had.\nMac & Cheese was the best I've had - love the extra cheesy bread crumbs on top
it's a bagel shop with bagels, some more bagels and then some more of them. Still need a review? :)
The drive through service SUCKS!!!! Always in line FOREVER. Why I keep going back, no idea. Literally in line at a drive through for at least 10 minutes every single time. Horrible.
it is the best place in new terminal 3 but that isn't saying much the Salads are really good but not worth $15 even if in a airport.
This is the most authentic Italian Gelateria I've been to in Arizona. The owner, Alberto, is very friendly and welcoming. Absolutely amazing!!! Definitely eat here!
My wife and I had a carryout order of orange beef and general's chicken with white rice. All were good and fresh. The chicken was thick and juicy, not thin and tough slathered with sauce to cover the poor quality of the meat. The sauces were very good. Polite service over the phone and in person.
When I moved to the area about 10 years ago, this was about the only vet around and so I began to use them.  I like the vet doctors.  However, I have had extremely poor service by the assistants and the front desk staff.  And I've had enough and will no longer be using them and are now using Seville.
Disgusting! Went through the drive-thru and grabbed a quick lunch. Without looking I start eating my burger...hmm tastes a little salty. I finally glance at the burger and notice that it is completely raw. I threw it out immediately and will not be going back.
What a great treat to the Dilworth area. The owners/staff were so sweet! We ordered a variety of treats, and loved them all. Look forward to going back.
Outstanding first visit for cut & beard!  Owner operated  w/ a great entrepreneurial spirit & forward thinking plans for  enhancing  their business/client experience.  Hopefully, they'll be adding mani/pedi service. Thanks guys.
Tasty Mexican meat. They know how to cook flavor into meat.  Ceviche is yummy and the pork is good. The restaurant crew is very nice too.
This clinic offers evaluations for medical marijuana/cannabis.   This clinic is the \"new\" location for We Grow on 27th and Thomas.
I love the building and how they kept a lot of the church's features. The food was very good! The service and the timing of the food was pretty slow... They were not even busy and it took 45 minutes to be served.
Love this place! Staff are super friendly and hospitable! Wells and Heather were awesome! Great food! Great staff ! Great service!!!!
I had to update my review.  This place is fresh, local, and makes a solid burger.  I love their drivethru, and I don't even mind that it's little $$ for the extras because the food is such great quality and they use local ingredients.  Simple, tasty, and consistent.
The food is not worth the money you pay for it. Was not fresh seafood at all!
My first visit to a DD!!? Coffee and breakfast bacon/egg bagel very good.Service excellent! Kudos to Amy in that regard [especially at 5:20 AM]...
5 Stars!  Found this place on a whim, dined solo for a late lunch and it blew my mind. View = amazing. Table = amazing Service = AMAZING Food = also amazing!
Always quick and friendly service. Not sure what you want? They are great with helping on suggestions based on what you already like.
Best Mexican food ever.  Don't mind the bullet holes in the building.  Burritos and the most amazing chewy burrito perfection I've ever had.  The shredded beef melts in your mouth.  We placed a to go order and had to go back in for more.  Been thinking about it ever since.
Pretty good  breakfast food - liked the meat lovers scramble. Not too greasy for what it was.
Cookies aren't bad.  Haven't had a reason to buy cakes or other pastries.  Staff is friendly and it smells like heaven.
They went out of business.
Is Kmart what can I say I just happened to stop by and look around but is not worth it.  I rather go to Walmart
Bunch of nice guys. The boss came out and helped the mechanic. A can on the road had dented our bumper and tore some plastic off the bottom. They removed the plastic and pushed the bumper back out all for free. 10/10 would recommend
If your looking for great prices and awesome customer service this is definitely the place to go. They have a friendly informational environment and are totally down to help you learn all about vaping. So come on by and check them out, you won't be disappointed.
Make sure you're ready for NASCAR! This Hotel is as close as you may want to be from The Charlotte Motor Speedway. Get your Motor running. The staff and management are on a roll.
all the Beers are great, the Salmon BLT is a must try! fish n chips are excellent as well. in heart of a college atmosphere there are still a variety of people here. familes of all ages. couples, sports fan, and kids are all enjoying this historic brewery!
Dr. Wells - Awesome, thoughtful and through.  Great for aging cats.  The female Dr. however leaves quite a bit to be desired in her level of care/attention and is ALWAYS in a huge rush.
I will not come back to this restaurant anymore. The egg rolls were tasteless, the house fried rice has egg shells in it, the Mongolian beef was a smaller portion, but the same price and no fortune cookies included, third time in a row.  How do you not have fortune cookies at a Chinese food restaurant!  Stupid !
Really cold food and over price for the crapy food they serve.
The tacos were ok. Be sure that if you order take out for a large group, that you specifically ask for utensils, napkins, etc.
Great food. Impeccable service. Weird location.
Ugggghh, I travel quite a bit and this airport is annoying as hell to get out of.  There is no issue arriving there but people and workers are annoying.  I couldn't wait to get on the plane and get the hell out of there.   The layout is annoying and the food selection was the worst I've experienced at an airport.
We like the Mellow Mushroom. Never had bad service there and the pizza is great. Good atmosphere and location.
Saw Jim Jeffries there today. Good sound. The entire ground floor appears to have been folding chairs. Row DD, there was only one seat between us and Jim. There was a large full bar in the back. Location was drowned with model looking amazons. Double plus.
Very different (in a good way) , I had dinner  there on my birthday  and the mix of sushi and peruvian food had us wowed. Can't remember what we had but the sushi roll with the jalepeno was bomb!
The inside area is very dirty, the service was slow, and the menu was misleading. Don't order the home fries, it's a vegetable medley. The server never came back for our check so eventually we had to use cash instead of card.
Horrible, go to Long John Silver's. I hear oyster bar and think delicious raw oysters not deep fried crap .
This is the best NY pizza. Family owned and operated and yummy crispy pizza. The specials they have for lunch are fantastic!  On top of that, their wings and zucchinis are delish. We bring all of our friends and family here to enjoy the pizza yumminess!
When you grow up in Las Vegas, Siegfried and Roy is an example of where you might go on the night of your junior prom (in the late 90's.)\r\nOr was that just me and my gay best friend?
Service excellent. Dinner was a big disappointment, very few real Greek dishes, and we were in Greece a few times and ate in other Greek restaurants in the U.S.
Well still a good place, but a tad greasy. Since I discovered Cafe Artista, I haven't been to this one again...
I really liked this place. I had the green and blue burger and it was amazing! The bun is delicous. Also loved the salt and pepper fries. Will be going back again for sure!
Its a burger and fries kind of place.  I like the food and it is located in the mall which gives you another option other then the food court. But that's just it.  Its ok.
Nice place, clean and quiet and room was nice and dark.  Room had a full kitchen as well. Water was nice and hot. I would recommend!
Nice to be back home...has some problem with Nexus check-in machines...Staff was most helpful and understanding
This a cool place to hang out and have a beer. They have excellent fish & chips. It is inside the Rampart Casino. I like to go here in Sundays after I put a few bets in at the sports book on some NFL games. I would recommend you try this place if you like fish & chips.
Meh, I've had better, but it does the job..can't really say you can call it \"authentic\"...
Best hotdogs and French fries on Notre Dame! To go prices can't be beat, my guilty pleasure. Fries on a dog to go under 2$. But also knee high glass bottles of soda, subs and hot chicken sandwiches.
Pretty good people in this subway!! Only problem bout eating at subway is how nasty your clothes smell after, wonder why? Need I saw more bout subway food though ?
The Green Curry with Chicken was breathe-takingly good.  I am new to the Phoenix area having moved from DC and really missed the availability of great Thai food.  This Curry was better than some that I ate at the Thai Embassy in DC and rivals the best Thai restaurants in the world!
Great place. One of my favorites. Happy hour is great. And the sushi is not bad. Like the outside patio. This is a great Resturant. I'd suggest the staples. All the sushi is good. The bento boxes are also great.
Those are good burgers dude.  Listening to Creedence while enjoying these tasty burgers only enhances the flavor. Mind if I do a J?
Love this place they have the best customer service, friendly staff, and great drinks. Also dog friendly.  Seriously bring your dog ask for the puppychino!
Went in the other day and found out they give case discounts on cat food, making it cheaper to buy the pointyheads their fancy food at HHM than to order it online.
Lovely aquarium inside the Mandalay Bay Convention Center.  It's kinda small and it is very warm and humid inside but lots of different types of turtles, fish, and sharks.  The staff is very informative.  \n\nFor $18, it's a very small aquarium but a nice getaway.
Great Burros, interesting creations and all at a good price.
Took 10 minutes to have server first come to the table. 20 minutes to get the bill processed. No apology for the wait. Good drinks, poor service.
Carl juniors Atlantic cod low-carb and tacos are fabulous.   Stop in if you get a chance.
Good neighborhood place,  plenty of pooltables to play.  Could be better off they bring back The Shark on kareoke! The food isn't bad either.
nice up scale bar food...fish n chips are great but always flabbergasted by the tasteless almost non-existent  cole slaw ..Jen was a good server...
Not many afordable lunch options out there that consistently have great food but Taylor Street is one of them. \n\nChicken is awesome!
I was looking for a large cocktail ring.  The salesclerk was patient and helpful.  This boutique has just about everything.  The prices are reasonable too.
Very pleased and satisfied with his work, he handled my car accident case and everything went pretty smooth and stress free.
Seriously? Closed at 4 again? Hard to patronize you regularly if you're not opened when you're posted hours say.
Love this place.  Great service.  Very friendly.  Great arrangement.  Buy your flowers here. Quick and friendly transaction.
Kickin coffee at a kickass price. The women are beautiful, as expected, and the drive thru gives you man-shivers. Best part is: the customer service is skid without the ego! Humble, sexy, and caffeinated.. perfect way to start ANY day
It's ok. I've been there 2x's. next time I'm getting the dish with the eggs on top. It look delicious.
The quad formerly imperial palace. Major renovations being done here but they haven't done the rooms yet. Hopefully next time I visit it will be done. But......it's a step up from what it was for sure. Can't ever beat that location either.
Fantastic!  Same great food service as Tempe.  This location is only a few miles from my house.
They've got plenty of screens and channels to get whatever event you wanna watch. Food is solid pub grub and they're quick about it. Friendly staff, whether you're new or a regular. Everything you want in a sports bar. Need to add more local beers is my only suggestion.
Paid to have my truck hand washed and they did a horrible job. There were bugs still on the windshield. Had to ask them to clean it again, and they did not wipe off the writing on the window.
We went there last night, had an almond joy milkshake, which tasted terrible, we shared a half size and couldn't even drink it. The burger was ok, in n out makes a better burger for a lot cheaper.
We tried their pizza. It was way too soggy. Tasted kinds odd. Maybe we are not familiar with type of pizza. But their pasta was awesome. And I normally shy away from pasta. Their chicken Alfredo with artichokes were great. We ordered for lunch and they delivered right on time.
I'm adding an extra star because they have cute counter staff.
BEWARE!  They say free local delivery, only 2 miles away, tried to add $3.00 onto my bill!  Thankfully I caught it and cancelled the order.  They said 2 miles is was VERY, VERY far away.
The service was excellent, however the food was just ok. My wife's salmon and pasta was good, buct my lasagna was watery.\nThe wait staff and busers were very good.\nI thought the prices were out of line with the quality of the food.
Bring some cash... the magician is worth the few bucks of fun and laughter while u wait for the show. :). My 3rd time here...i like the place and i think the owner is funny!
Great show (Odd Couple) last night!  Enjoyed it tremendously.  The cast was excellent and the service was excellent.  The quality of the food, however, is deteriorating.
This bar emulates a sweet 16. Drinks are not very good and a group of middle aged men usually hang out in the corner harassing women. The music played here is pop/house music and the neon lights are obnoxious. This club should be a last result!! Pls love yourself
Amazing! I really enjoyed my visit at The Foot Spa. Linda is very good. Great strength. They take care and make sure you are comfortable . Thank you. I highly recommend this place!!!
This club is cool.  If you don't have a VIP booth then you're shit outta luck, because there is barely any place to sit and the dance floor is always crowded.  Other than that, the venue is pretty nice!
The service was excellent. Food was hot. It was just your average chicken restaurant.
Once I loved this restaurant ,\nThis is third time we order vegetarian and they had chicken in it..
Happy hour is the BEST! Sushi is very fresh! Service is great!
Went here for breakfast with a friend.  The food was decent, and I don't recall feeling like I paid a lot for it (that's a good thing right?).  Just a bit far from campus if you are a student.
Not the best place to stay in Pittsburgh.  The rooms are small and the conceigre lounge has the same food everyday.  They have a shuttle which is good though.
Really good and fresh! Left feeling full but not heavy! Fresh veggies, wild caught seafood-trendy vibe. Will return!
Had a great time with our group... NCA... National Concierge Association... Lunch was wonderful... Ambience was clean, colorful and service was excellent...
Wow, that is great panang curry!  Impressively wonderful smell too.  It is criminal that I've not managed to make it back in a while.  It just isn't on my normal route.
This place is horrible. The lady ran out asking my dad why he only tipped $5. They're pathetic.
After getting a bunch of people sick I now know why the food tasted old! Just glad I didn't get sick!!!
Forget Panda Express!\n\nBeef Roll\nPeanut Sesame Noodle\nFish & Tofu soup (MY FAVORITE) \nDuck - nice mild flavor\nKung Pao Chicken - standard but delicious
Van use to be my go to nail tech but he's been on vacation forever took my 3yr old to get a polish &charged me $10 for her like seriously? Every time I get rhinestones bows or anything they always fall off.so glad I've found a new spot!
Was not impressed by my dinner. How does one prepare Marinara Sauce without garlic? No recommendations coming from this dissatisfied party.
Great happy hour.  Half price beers and apps.  In terms of the regular menu the food is always great and they often have excellent specials.  You can't go wrong with any of the fish or steak entrees.
This place is so good! It's all self serve so you can get as little or as much as you want. They also have a good variety  of toppings.
I don't know what's worse, the drinks or the fat girls serving it. Maybe both. \n#NotBlessed #DaddyIssues
Awesome service, awesome food, and awesome environment!\nWe had a party of 18 on a Saturday night.  With our big group we had 1 server, he did a great job and taking care of us.  \n\nI got the Creamy Garlic Chicken, my favie!
Of all the places we've eaten in Vegas, I have to say this is not bad, but not my favorite. My steak was good and the dessert was great, but everything else was bland for my liking. Definitely make a reservation but expect to wait a while still.
I find they're gringo, faux -Mexican food, heartburn inducing and unimaginative.   Why would anyone eat there when they're are far better and more authentic choices for Mexican food in the Phoenix area?  \n\nTry Los Sombreros as an outstanding alternative to a huge disapointment.
This is the best restaurant in town for breakfast  and lunch!!! Good home cooking!
This place is pretentious and everyone in this place has an unmerited sense of self-satisfaction. They are prejudice, rude, and discriminatory. I would rate this place a zero if I could. This was one of the worst dining experiences of my life.
Don't know why it took 20 min to get picked up from hospital and 30 bucks to go 2 miles in the middle of a weekday\n\nThis town desperately needs uber
6 course wine dinner last night was excellent!  6 different wines, and 6 absolutely delicious courses.  Staff was extremely attentive and happy to help with special needs of my wife (vegetarian).  Her dinners were as good and some even better than mine!  h
Great atmosphere.  I like to visit once in a while.
Good old fashioned German Home Cooking, just like at home. Love it!
I Ordered delivery from this place & let me tell u it's the worst calzone I ever had its like they just dumped cheese inside the bread and when u slice it looks like crap & they even forgot the marinara sauce its already bad enough that it doesn't have any flavor. Waste of money I tell ya
Not good ,, too small... n its overrated! who waits 1hr for a glass of wine., i would rather get a bottle n drink at home.
Fair
A Moon Valley staple,  everyone has been here.  Best mixed drinks and they have my favorite beer,  Kiltlifter. Food is not too bad,  especially the crispy chicken fingers.  Yes I know they are frozen,  but they always come out hot amd crispy to go with your beer!
We read the reviews and decided to go. It was very good! We liked the outdoor seating and large indoor seating. We had 3 different plates and they were all Good. You can visit dressy or casual. Their interior very Thai, but not over the top. Can't wait to go again.
We are staying near BurGR and dropped in for a quick hot dog.  FABULOUS!!!  Probably the BEST ever!!!  Onion rings are really good too.  Love the atmosphere.
Value for money - and its not expensive, with top rate quality food - their lunch time menu sets the standard for the rest to follow - Go On - try it, 100% satisfied
When you are hungry and want something different, Taco Bell is a great place to go.  The Cool Ranch Taco's are o.k., and the staff member at the register was very helpfull and polite.  He also had a great character and made placing our order and wait pleasent.
Nice, clean, quiet. Was in LV for business and appreciated that this hotel wasn't crazy at all hours--also, non-smoking. Staff were very pleasant. If I were forced to go back to Las Vegas I'd probably stay here again.
This place is alright nothing to rave about, I would probably like it more if they took cards, it's cash only and it's not worth going I the ATM inside there restaurant to pay. Id rather take my hunger else where.
Best place for breakfast all day and night.
The girl who helped us was rude and obviously didn't want to be there. The donuts were dry and hard, not even edible. We ended up throwing them away, what a waste of money. Never again!!!!
great collection.  was here for a private event, i think that is currently the only way to check out the place.  it is a unique gem and i am hopeful it opens up to the public at some point soon so everyone can enjoy it.
Workers here are super slow. Its 12:55 in the morning and I have been here for 40 minutes already. Not even that long of a line.\n\nAvoid at ALL COSTS!
Fun, typical Japanese-grill moments scattered throughout quite boring, bland, usually high-priced food.
Great service from Ahmod at the counter it's really nice to find great customer service this day and age. Nice job cobblestone team! Especially Ahmod!
Mostly a typical double tree, but i can do without the train horns all night as it sits next to a rail yard.
I would not return here again, it was very unclean, and the servers ignored us all night. The food was horrible, way try dry on the chana. I still love the indian place next them.
What an amazing Nail Salon! They made my nails exactly how I wanted them to be. Plus they are affordable! I will be a repeat customer for sure! Hands down the best nail salon I have found in vegas!
Great pizza with an excellent free birthday gift of a free pizza if you are in their email club. That was nice. Just had to pay for drinks and a salad for our meal yesterday!  Very nice-and their pizza is excellent!
Good food. They're going to ask if you want the bbq chicken bun for 2.00. Don't get it. It's really small and only worth a dollar maybe at most.
Great atmosphere. Prime location across from the Bellagio water fountain show. Prices are as expected for being on the strip. I've had better though...that's the reason for three stars.
Love coming here! Great club sandwich, and the coupon deals they send in the mail for buy 2 meals for 14.99 can't be beat!
A beautifully designed studio! The owner Ashley is a true delight. She has created a fresh, welcoming and upbeat atmosphere. I was so afraid of doing hot yoga but the teachers were extremely encouraging without being overwhelming and now I love it and wish I could go more often. Definitely the best yoga studio in the Valley!
Every Casino has a 24-hour restaurant where you end up ordering Denny's-esque food in at 2 in the morning. At the Hard Rock, they have Mr Lucky's. Good thing, the food there is actually decent and you can hang out in a place without vinyll seats. Not a bad deal.
Food always prepared fresh & the portions are amazing! A place to hit up if you're craving some hawaiian food! Great customer service too! Thanks Auntie! Lol
I have been very pleased coming here. Their beer/wine/liquor selections are wonderful. Food and coffee is also great. Will be back here for sure.
We have been here many times before and LOVED it. Today however was not as great as our previous visits the food still awesome, the people working friendly but they had a awful fly situation going on that made my mom and I totally lose our appetites. Hope they fix it ASAP!
Employee was so obnoxious and loud that I could hear her in back they whole time I was eating my food. Awful customer service and not an enjoyable place to eat. I'll drive the extra mile to the rural and baseline location.
Such a great environment & Peet's coffee! The best! Love this cafe!
Always take my pets here they seem to love it. Love the fact that they alway great me and my dogs as we come in makes me feel welcome.
Fun shop to go into, brings me back to my childhood in NY.
A great Starbucks in a great community. The staff is friendly, the music is amazing, and the energy there is just great. My only complaint? Finding parking is kind of a pain.
Unfortunately we stopped at the Wynn Buffet over the Thanksgiving weekend when the upped the prices by adding a few items to their OK selection.\n\nFood was good. Quality was good, but the Bellagio buffet is much better. I don't plan on returning to the Wynn Buffer.
Extremely fresh and good quality. The bread is baked on location and is a nice change from what you usually encounter in delis in the southwest. The service was fast and the portions were large.
I love Windsor style backyard burger with the side of Mac and cheese! Must have. Cool vibez
*4 stars* for their red velvet cupcakes =)
huge plates of really cheap filling food.  If you're going for quantity you'll love it...if you care about the quality  go somewhere else
Ordered a sesame seed bagel and got a multigrain and only one side had Creme cheese on it. No one else was in the drive thru but me so this was just pure carelessness. Their stupidity amazes me..!
Carne asada fries and philly steak dog!!!
Bad service, mediocre food.  Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but it'll do in a pinch.
The food was ok. But the service was disappointing, we came at 1pm on a Saturday, it wasn't too busy, 6 tables two servers.  The server didn't give us water until I asked for it. At the end, servers were talking in the front for a long time before she handed the check.
Finally found a pizza place in Charlotte that I will return to over and over again. Pizza was great (can't speak for the other types of Italian food there). Fresh ingredients on a nice soft crust, great sauce and no grease pools.
Very good libanese restaurant. You can't go there and not take their humus, babaganoush, fatouch and their shish  taouk combined with the filet mignon is just exquisite.
I didn't eat because, well, the line was about 30 feet long.\n\nBut they had a fire dancer and tarot readings outside.\n\nMeh.
Good food, friendly service.  However the salads are somewhat blah and need to be re-thought.
Do not order from the bar. Moscow mule is the worst i ever had, and the food ...as well.
Very close to NY Pizza and the Rice Balls are the best I have ever had!!, EVER!!\nMy advice is to order a plain Pizza or a plain Sicilian Pizza, they are both very NY and very delicious!!\nThey also have Coke products :)
Food is always fresh & delicious, we stop in at least once a week for their gyro plate. Love the dressing on the green salad, highly recommend.
Went to this Chipotle at 8:30 pm after a 12+ hour work day.  Bought a grilled chicken burrito bowl and chips to go.  Can't believe they charged for such horrible stale chips.  Shame on you Chipotle!
Great store... Workers are cordial and allow you to browse and play the guitars unmolested (unlike Ed Roman's). \n\nPrices beat Ed's by a mile too!
Good thin crust pizza. Fresh, tasty with a nice chew to the crust. Bump it to five if the place had a major overhaul...run down with years of diy renovations.
food was just ok nothing great, have had better lamb chops, liked dessert better than the entree
Worst Thai food in Vegas!!! And worst customer service!!! And beware they were closed down by the health department!!!
Overpriced...not all that good.
I really liked the vibe of this place. Very cool decor, industrial and modern/hip/chic. I ordered the egg white and chicken Fritatta. Ta-da! chicken and eggs. Yes, psychological but -- tasty :)
This place is the best - fantastic / cheap sandwiches and friendly managers who really care about making sure your order is done right. A welcome addition to the downtown lunch rotation.
Absolutely great food with local ingredients and not too expensive for what it is. I would recommend the rice bowl, soups, pretzels, and especially the sandwiches because the bread is amazing. Absolutely great. Great little place with outdoor seating and funky indoor seating. Fantastic food, great joint.
The food was really good!! I enjoyed everything we got some a touch more then others but over all very good! Would definitely go back
Just o.k.  We had the Italian Stallion, it tasted very good, but between 2 adults left us pretty hungry.  For 14 dollars, it seemed to be more of an appetizer.
Great place to eat ! Nice atmosphere and very nice homemade appetizers ! A must when you are in the city but be sure to make a reservation ;)
Not glamorous or sexy, just tasty and affordable cheesesteaks and meatball sandwiches. They have a breakfast special too but that ends at 11:00 a.m. and when I'm in Las Vegas I rarely get moving before noon.
I received air conditioner service today and was very favorably impressed. Service tech Kevin was a very helpful and polite young man. We will Definitely recommend their service to our friends.
Good drink prices and a good layout that divides bar and showroom. The nachos are pretty decent too.
Horrible! Honestly the worst! Had my feet in Luke warm water for 40 min! No apologies or knowledge of a wait prior. The color looked good but the rest of my feet weren't even touched. And she cut my finger so all in all... Go somewhere else!
Pool was cloudy and murky. You have to pay $500 to sit on one of the big blue seats by the pool. Everything here costs too much money. The pool isnt even that great. I'd rather even be at the excalibur than here!
Yeah!! Love this place. Been there several times for lunch and have not been disappointed. The ampalaya, the sinigan, the sisig, and kaldereta have all been on my plate. Plus, the market and meats are very handy.
These people are high.  This place is very expensive(for hot dogs), you don't get a lot of food, and it's not very special.  Chuckbox sells dogs just down the way, and Ted's is in the same city.  Do yourself a favor and check the food out before you order.
Seriously? $20 for a small lunch dish? There's nothing really spectacular here other than the restaurant space itself and the fact that it's built on a friggin' sidewalk. That, and the waitresses are cute.
The folks at Pork on a Fork know how to do BBQ!  Great food - good service - casual environment.  Take-out is set up separately from the dine in area - which makes for a fast get in get out with your order.  \n\nHats off to the boys from Nebraska!
Ula ula, hagamos ula ula,  \nUla ula, ula ula al rev\u00e9s.\n\nI just can't get that song from the commercials out of my head!!!
30 minutes is just too long to wait for wings and it still didn't look like my order was coming so no thanks.
Please give the customer what they want especially if they are paying for a service. Also turn customers away if you are too busy to do the job right.
Great for kids. For the low price of $1.99 each I can feed my kiddos veggies drinks dessert. Cheaper than fast food and just as fast.  The place is always clean and friendly. The food is ok and there are certainly enough choices to satisfy and age or diet.
This airport is huge!  Just getting out of this airport is unbearable, but I will say this, getting through security to get to your gate is pretty quick!
My children have been attending for years, I wouldn't take them anywhere else! My daughter is 10 and has been attending since she was 18 months. My son is 4 and has also attended since he was 18 months. We love the teachers and staff. Creative Kids is wonderful!
Wish I could have tried the food....walked into a half empty restaurant to be told we would need to wait for 20 minutes.
I had the pulled pork sandwich with the sweet potatoe fries -YUM! The sandwich was off the hook. The pork was tasty and not over sauced on a soft bun. The sweet potatoe fries were sweet and crispy -just the way I like them. \n\nService was just OK...
I've been to all 3 locations and have always enjoyed the food. They even just started a new rewards program called BELLY and it's pretty cool.
This place is pretty good. I was surprised. The service was just ok though.
Great French onion soup and French dip sand
Tries too hard to be \"sensual\" over compensates with boobs burlesque show style.  The host was bad too.
Outstanding. Magnificent. Fun!  It's a winner in all aspects -- even if you leave with no money. It's about having a great time. And you will if you stay here!
Hyped... and of course you can't understand my order when you crank up the radio because its your jam playing.
Good mix of favors. Dog had nice bite. Staff was REALLY friendly.  Two things stopped me from giving 5. Was only my first time here, and bun didn't seem fresh
I gave this place 5 stars in the past but I have changed my mind since new owners have taken over.  They have raised their prices and you can only get one flavor for the kid size, which you used to be able to get two.  Thumbs down!
Beautiful view of range city & river and tasty food! I had the jumbo scallops and roasted red potatoes and they were both delicious! My meal did come out too soon after I got my salad though. A nice treat after arriving at the too of the Duquesne Incline!
Waffle Works w/ bacon.... Delicious.... I'm feelin' like I want to crawl up in the bed right abkut nkw and start my day over...
Food as always was good but I got take out & not only did they not ask if I needed silverware, they didn't include anything. I am sitting in a class starving & don't feel like eating salad with my fingers then trying to type notes.
A typical 24 hr fitness.  Nice location. Friendly staff members.
Very friendly and helpful staff!
Favorite place to eat in surprise. Sweet potato fries to die for, oh and plantains yum yum. Would get  5 stars but service is a little slow.
When I want to experience some yelling and real attitude, this is my no1 choice. \nThe food is okay but some of the serveur(se) have some serious problems.
Food was decent. The outdoor seating was nice. There are plenty of better places to eat at in Vegas.
This place is good. Large selection of plates, and my usual favorites also. Went with the family.  It was nice. Not that you'd write home about it, but service was good, the food was good and not as much sodium as some other places.   I will be back.
One thing I forgot to mention - although the food was barely \"OK\", their hot sauce was quite delicious.  Very flavorful and good heat to it.  Yum.  Now if only their food was good enough to put the hot sauce on...
The residential apartments above Maharani have serious cockroach problems.
I've had better.  Nice decor though.
Dear Ra:\n\nGet over yourself. \n\nJust sayin'.\n- Alicia
Long wait ofcourse. I had the scallops it was good. My sister was satisfied with her burger. My brother didn't like the lamb but he liked the dessert, spotted dog and chocolate trifle. We expected better.
We were driving through Madison on our way to Stevens Point.. We knew we had to stop due to all of the great reviews. We purchased a box of bagels, a breakfast bagel with sausage and a cream cheese and lox bagel. So delicious and so glad we stopped.. Great value, great food, great service.
Do not go here.  Big rip=off.  All Chicks are theives
Can't express how tasty and unique the food is here. Had the pulled pork arepa, unbelievable.
Poor and slow service. Not to mention that the restaurant isn't even a vietnamese restaurant. Food was horrible and yet DEMAND for 15% tip.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! oh how I miss my thrifty ice cream with their unique shaped ice cream scooper :-)
They never showed up for cleaning despite makindg the appointment days before. No calls to explain or apologize.
VMR is a good system, but an amateur one. It needs to seriously branch out into the more congested suburbs if it wants to turn a serious profit. \n\nOther than that, it's run on time and efficiently, and it convenient for park + ride and bus transfers.
Paige has done It again, I go in looking like I have a Loofah on the back of my head, and she comes back and makes me look and feel like a million bucks!! she's amazing and gets it right every time Thank youii
Greatest fast fresh burgers, great fries
Really good tacos.  Server was a riot.  I would be back here if it wasn't several hundred miles out of my neighborhood.
This petsmart is clean and is very well stocked. My only compliant is that I get all these weird looks coming into the store and going straight to the cat section. I was completely ignored. It was an awkward experience to say the least.
We stopped in for a light lunch and was pleasantly surprised to get a seat quickly despite the place being packed. The service was attentive and quick. I never had to notice that my glass was empty. The biscuits were tasty as always and the food was delicious (a variety of shrimp, stuffed mushrooms, and salads)
Meh.\nI appreciate the town preserving a piece of old west history, but it's not the most interesting roadside attraction. I would recommend stopping by if you're in the area but I wouldn't make a special trip for it.
ATM sucks. They built it by each other so if you're done and the one in front of you isn't .. good luck with waiting ..
This place had some of the best pizza I've ever had. Hands down
Waiter name Jill gave me the wrong chicken,never came back to ask for water refill
We had the chicken strip meal, it was ok. Tasted like something you can cook at home. We might go back to try their $1.25 hot dog. Also, there is no place to sit, you have to stand to eat your meal.
Great atmosphere. Awesome bartenders. When they feel like it occasionally good electronic club dance music. \n\nPlease note apparently no ski hats are allowed inside...FAIL.\nSmoking is permitted so do it up.
Food has been verry good on my last 5 trips here. Workers are ok I have had worse, some need a kick in the butt but most are good. I like this place because of the food and protion sizes.
Gave in and tried this place again......disappointed again. Beans still cold, no flavor, our neighboring tables that were seated after us received their food before we did. Will not be coming back.
Tous les plats sont parfaits, vin d\u00e9licat et un service tr\u00e8s agr\u00e9able. De grands professionnels, un bel endroit en toute occasion.
it was a very nice place to lounge and the workers were very nice but I ate the chilled eggplant and within hours I got food poisoning. I definitely would not come back.
Very good pizza very busy spot. This is a very thin crust pizza but it has a lot of flavor.
Delicious!  I am picky about my curry, and my lunch eggplant curry with tofu would stand up to any curry in town. A large helping,  with plenty of veggies, and the server was great about recommending the correct level of spicyness. Check this place out!
I went there one hour after they opened for a sandwich. The food was OK but they did not have any change. The person who was suppose to open the safe did not show up yet. Person at the counter had to use his own money to give me change.
Rating this based on our server that was completely rude to us. Chef was on the other hand, friendly and Attentive. Sucks we had to experience this type of service here...
Pretty authentic Szechuan cuisine, appealing looking, unfortunately extremely salty. Service needs improvement.
Quick efficient service and good honest advice.\nWorker was on time (a little early in fact) and did the job quickly and efficiently.\n\nWould definitely do business with them again.
Really great bbq and a cool joint. Went in for lunch and had the small pulled pork platter with mac 'n cheese side. Done perfectly. Never seen so many microbrews in one place!
Very disappointed with the claim jumper.  The food wasn't hot, the service was .. blech and it was just disappointing for the amount of money spent.  I would never go to this location again.
I seem to be going against the crowd here, but I found their pizza to be on the flavorless side.  I've had it a few times, trying different kinds hoping for better results.  I haven't tried their hoagies, maybe they're better.
In the daytime, great laid back vibe and good coffee.\n\nIn the evening, great laid back vibe, good coffee, and live local bands or open-mic nights.\n\nIf only it weren't in a strip mall.
Nice, clean place with food served up rather fast.  Prices were reasonable, food was good, and plenty of parking in the adjacent Wal-Mart parking lot.  Only quibble I had was that the \"Diablo\" salsa was not at all spicy.  Come on, guys.
Ive only been here a few times . cool drink menu & I fell in love with their spinach artichoke dip
New owners, bad decisions.  Over seasoned and inconsistent dishes. Same dishes at the same tabled that you would think came from two different restaurants. The used to be one of my top three go two places. Now I'm embarrassed that I took a large group here.  So sad about the changes.
I see why this place is a 2! The service was slow and the angus burger is just ok. The meat is bland and tough. The jalape\u00f1o popers were delish and the parm cheese fires are good too. Bad service can really ruin a good meal!
One of my favorite places to dine in surprise. Good food, friendly staff, and decent prices. I like the atmosphere and sitting on the patio to dine is my favorite spot. Highly recommend.
Wife got the Cubano and I got the blue cheese burger and a few tacos and Dos Equis. Food was really great and definitely glad we came by, sat on the outdoor patio and enjoyed ourselves!
Your general Baja Fresh but way too expensive because its in a casino
Very friendly and comfortable place to have a casual on the road dinner if you are staying downtown. Food was very good and they have a diverse beer selection.
This shop is a little slice of rockabilly heaven right in the middle of the desert!  Rockin' Bettie's has all sizes! Men's clothes,  kids clothes and of course dresses, pants, shirts, and bathing suits. Lot's of pursues,  wallets and accessories.  The owner is awesome and super knowledgeable!
Just like some other people have said its just not what it was. Burgers are just so so and ofcourse you can buy an overpriced shirt or glass go figure
I love this place. GREAT food court, great prices both in the food court and in the market. VERY clean, organized, great selection. They always have what I am looking.  Great produce too.  Their seafood & meat dept is fresh, great quality, \n\nI come here allll the time.
Nostrovia martini, a great summer drink and Starry night martini, like the Van Gogh painting, are both very excellent!!! the ICE bar (literally) and the decor are FANTASTIC...makes me feel like I'm in Russia! I love vodka!
Was just here they ran out of sides but didn't bother to let us know at the time we ordered, nobody was there yet the ladies were very slow and had attitude.  First time having Rubios and I'm never going back.
Great food, drinks, and reggae music playing. and always quiet . Would love to see live  reggae music
We are from the south and know great barbecue. This barely passes.
Oh yes! This is what B\u00e1nh m\u00ec is all about!\n\n- Decent quality and size\n- Right balance between meat and vegetables\n- Only $3.25
I went there again today and this time had the Sin City smashburger..... It was just as good as the Spicy Baja burger, the Sin City had bacon, an egg, lettuce, cheese, and crispy onions. It makes me want to go try another item off the menu soon.
Generous toppings, garlicky garlic rolls, good crust...but I've had better.
bad service, so far not impressed  with the food, had to ask for everything from straws to chips.  The enchiladas were some kind of red sauce the tacos suck, tripitas learn to cook them people.  The chips at least are fresh.  Come on now if you have a family restaurant cook like you want to keep customers.
= = = = = =  SO SAD, SO SAD!  = = = = = =\n\nCafe Istanbul has discontinued their Weekday Lunch Buffet.     :-((
This place is clean, fast, inexpensive and good! I have never had dinner here, but I do grab a quick lunch two or three times a month and they never disappoint. The staff is friendly and very accommodating.
Tried to day drink here. Walked in and walked right out! Smells like feet and 100% empty! Trashy.
If this club is actually closed, its a sad day for vegas...one of the best clubs I have ever been in the US, Bunnies galore, probably the closest I'll ever get to one again, and the best dance club/view in the city...balling.
We went one night for dinner because this was only place in chandler open for late night dinner. \nFood was decent. Place was full of people.
I am not as big a fan of this place as some of the other rook your burrito chains but this particular location has the fattiest chicken and on 2 occasions the food here has made me sick.
My kids sent us here for our anniversary and I gotta say it was pretty good.
Ate at cosmos on a Thursday bogo on tapas ordered chicken quesadilla n needed more sour cream n was charged 50 cent! Ridiculous I will never patronize again. Also the food is just ok not the greatest they should b glad u stop in with all the other choices.
Probably one of the worst hotel experiences I've ever had. They are unwelcoming, have attitude, rooms are ugly and the staff lacks hotel knowledge. Plus it backs up on ASU's retired car lot and the smell of tempe town lake is strong.
Very clean and friendly.  Made my first laser hair removal experience amazing!
This place is disgusting. \n\nI dont think they even speak English there, I asked for a Coke and got a Dr Pepper. And asked if it was Coke and he just smiled at me...?\n\nPoor selection.
The coffee is fine.  I am very thrown by the fact the don't have any center or sugar for taking.   Their poor costumer service skills is the single reason I do nor plan on caffinate here again.  They yell at their customers which is just poor business altogether.
I placed and order for 3 pizzas and they said it would be about 45 mins. 1.5hrs later and after having to call twice the food finally shows up. One pizza is burnt and of course all 3 were no longer hot. For $50...not worth it. Overpriced, bad service and poor delivery.
Terrible service, condescending and rude management on duty. Not supporting this ass backwards establisshement. The BBQ diner is bad enough, but we ended up going to the usual karaoke spot and that ended badly as well. Do not come here if you can avoid it!
Pink's sits at the base of the Planet Hollywood. Their dogs are ridiculous. Its definitely not the healthiest thing you can find in Vegas but its probably the best for the price. These dogs will conquer any hangover or give you enough energy to power through another late night. This is a must have during any Vegas trip.
Service wasn't that great and the food was just mediocre. I haven't been inside this casino since it opened until now. My bf wasn't impressed with his meal and we had it comped off.
Average, average, and average! They're prices are fair and they have military discount, but otherwise these guys are a last resort kind of place in the neighborhood.  Their chow mein was OK, and their Thai Tea was OK too.  \n\nEnough said....
great happy hour prices, kid friendly, the food is decent for the pricing.
This place surprised me, I traditionally hate food in Vegas but the steak was great and I stayed at the hard rock so I didn't have to cab it some where to buy an overpriced steak.  I would go here again.
Have heard from locals that I must try. I have only been for lunch but would like to come back for cocktails or dinner. The service and ambiance were great, but my food was average. Great scenery though, the patrons have made many plastic surgeons wealthy!
The customer service is poor, extremely poor. The only savior of this place was a really nice tech that barely spoke english, but was extremely friendly and warm!
45 minutes before we got our food. 22 before anyone even came to our table. I had to flag a waitress down. Food isn't good. Will never come here again.
Always long lines.  Service is slow.  I think the social hour should be outside on your break not when I am waiting in line.
2.0/5 - The 7\n2.0/5 - Joey Porter \"bella\"\n\n1.5/5 - Service was pretty slow, and people that came in before us got their food earlier.
Fresh hamburger. Not frozen. Fries made fresh too.  Kind of like in-n-out. Nice place.
Another Thai surprise. I did have the Som Tum and it was just OK. They used string beans instead of long beans. The dressing was not balanced enough for my taste. It could have used less lime and more fish sauce. \n\nA pretty decent curry, nice green tea. Definitely an OK place
Totally average experience. Service was s.l.o.w.... The hummus plate was bland and boring with the pita bread stale and all curly in the edges. Save your money on that dish.
During the day the food is great and staff work hard to get everything right. However, at night there can be some issues with orders and waiting times. Food is great for fast food and we always come back to this Taco Bell. It tastes awesome every time!
We can hear the music from downstairs!! Our toilet got clogged. Receptionist aren't that friendly!!... But can't complain my company paid everything... If I am paying I will definitely not chose or come back to this hotel again.
I always get the 10 dollar car wash. It is a great deal considering people hand wash your car and vacuum the inside for about the same price as one of those crappy automatic washes. My car is never perfect but it looks really good for the price, much better than an automatic wash, and I never have to wait long.
Went here for happy hour last night and the waitress was horrible! Was not friendly at all and took forever to take our orders even there was only 2 other parties. Will not be coming back. The happy hour kind of sucks.
Love this place! Everytime I'm in Vegas I have to come here n grab some to go. It also walking distance is 808. Both places have awesome food & service! And Monday you can get a poke bowl!!!
Amazing food in this dive! The samples sure do sell ya! This is my first time and won't be my last. The food has interesting (GREAT interesting) mixes of Asian and Mexican cuisines.\n\n\nWay to go Chino!
I enjoy going to the Horny Toad for a cold drink after a nice hike.  Love sitting outside and take in the view.  Haven't eaten there but I've heard the food is good.  The waitstaff is very friendly and helpful!  Will be back again!
Had a drink at the bar before dinner, Nice looking room they did a good job with patio. Food was average at best. \nEverything was prepared just ok. The service was attentive and pleasant.
No bueno. torta was bland,service bland,worst gaucamole ever!!!
What a waste of time. I waited a hour and half and was told they were too busy for walk ins today I should call and make an appointment. Will never be back. All they had to do is tell me before I waited how rude can someone be. Derek
stayed there over a weekend\nservice and accommodations were top notch\nsmoke free hotel is awesome in vegas\nthe only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the noise factor from the street and railroad even though I stayed on the 56th floor\nstudio size room is your average size hotel room
I went to Great Wall and I thought they had good service good food I didn't have to wait long for my food and I felt safe to eat there because I noticed they were clean . I heard about Great Wall through a friend and they also felt the same way about their food and service thank you this all I wanna say.
Breakfast is the best on the strip, and Dinner with the fountains in the back round is one of the best views in vegas. This is a must go to spot on the strip,  Reasonable prices for the strip
Love their happy hour , pasta's are OK .. very nice environment . Decent customer service , Always come here for a quick bite.
Love this place!!! Such cute decor! Theresa is fabulous!! So much fun and so talented!! Highly recommend this place!!
The chile verde could have been more tender :( \n\nService was good.
i would highly recommend the red curry and three color curry. There's free wifi and photos on the wall of the dishes that help a lot.
Top Notch steaks and service.  My recommendation (if you're really hungry) order the Porterhouse...medium rare.  And please pay the few extra dollars for the Porcini Rub - you'll thank me...   Table 23 is one of the best for privacy if you have 3 to 4 joining you..
The brisket was really fatty, and the rib tips were so salty that they were inedible.  Service was also bad.  How many times should you have to ask for silverware?  My first visit, and I will never go back.
Avoid this market the first Wednesday of every month at all costs. It's a blue hair invasion.\n\nRobert Pfeifer
I adore Trader Joe's and everything they have to offer. This location, however, needs to grow! It's pretty small and the parking lot is crowded and hectic. I wish TJ's would expand to a bigger location. Staff is awesome, however.
Gute Lage, nettes Personal. Preise sind i.O. und die Zimmer auch. Das Essen in der Hausbar ist gut und preiswert. Kann dieses Hostel nur empfehlen.
Fresh and quick.
Phoking disgusting.  Oh... and the staff are rude.  Don't do it.
Brad made a GREAT COCKTAIL and \nLa Donna made me quite at home--\nI will definitely be ordering a cocktail and a six Togo---  this place ice is a GEM for for the the neighborhood--
Can't go wrong with Ben and Jerry's. I had \"chocolate therapy\" the other day and it's definitely my new favorite flavor.  Other flavors that are always good are peanut butter chocolate swirl, chocolate chip cookie dough and coffee coffee buzz buzz buzz
Traveled across town to this Korean restaurant.  The food was good.  The service was ok, not the best.  We had bulgogi chicken and beef, seafood pancake, tried their boba drinks, and their variety of korean little dishes.  The Bulgogi was good, everything else was ok.
For Arizona, I think this is one of the better options around. What makes this place decent is the quality of the sushi and the service. The sushi is not mind blowing amazing, but its not terrible either; perfect for a casual lunch or dinner.
Unfortunately I echo most of the reviews here. Their gas prices are astronomical compared to competition, 0.40 higher than most other stations. Unfortunately there is only one gas station at Carefree and I-17 which I am assuming is why they are so anti-competitive, which hopefully one day will end. I actively avoid getting gas here for this reason.
It's pretty standard chain. Service leaves A LOT to be desired and you'll definitely find better.\n\nTurnaround is quick though and I don't spend a ton of time in the area so it's a quick go to that's right there.
Amazing coffee!!
Nothing better than hot donuts right out of the fryer.
My first time here, very impressed.  The grilled chicken is a must try for sure.  If you get there at around noon, they are coming off the grill and very full of flavor.
This mall is a bit boring.  came here and the mall didnt impress me much. Only the SALE version of Dillards caught my eye. its the Dillards outlet in there. other shops are whatever =/
The ambience and decor is very nice, and the service is great. Food is marginally better than average. I wish I could give it 3.5 stars.
This my all time default for a good meal and great service. A family ran place and everybody's greeted when you come through the door. A must try when your in town.
Never heard of this place before.\nJust looked up Yelp & felt like giving it a try. Was really satisfied with the experience.\nLots of variety & authentic touch in the food.\nAmbience is lively.\n\nWaiting to go there & enjoy again.
Poor quality and customer service. Dirty.  Would never stay there again.
Pretty decent thai food. Love the pumpkin curry... yum yum.\n\nBut sometimes they are not consistent with taste especially with delivery.  :(
Hate to say it, but I saw cockroaches on the floor near the restrooms. Didn't order anything.  Immediately left.
Great Hotel. Tucked away just outside the city - only 14 minutes from Downtown Charlotte. Very nice rooms & great place to catch up on work. Close to the airport as well.
This restaurant is a small coffee shop. We usually go there for breakfast and they have a great breakfast sandwich. The waffles are also very good.  The price is slightly higher than I would expect, but the food is still good.
I'm sorry to say that they closed their doors for good just a few weeks ago!
Saw a great show here, fun chill vibe, and seems like they always have bands coming through. Drink prices are great. Feels a world away from Mill, and this in a very, very good way. : )
3 for $5 Bud Lights or 3 for $6 Coronas. Nuff said. On the strip. Cheapest beers around. It may have been quite the walk from my hotel but so worth it!
Overrated!!!! I have eaten better crab legs in a lot of places for cheaper and much more flavor!!!  The only thing I liked was the sweet potato tots. Otherwise save your money or lower your expectations
Delicious meat!!! Best carne asada in town. I drove over 30 min to get here and it was well worth the drive.\nThe Marinated Chicken here is very delicious.\nVery friendly staff.
First off, get the pretzels. The place is a nice place to sit, relax and have a good meal and drink. The wait staff was very friendly and we had quick service.
They always have really good deals going! You can put together just about anything you can think of with their huge variety of crafts! I specifically like making flower arrangements with the artificial flowers! Great for any occasion.
Overpriced margaritas and can't buy chips & salsa unless you order an entree.  The waitstaff was the only thing good here.
Awesome Mojitos!\n\ngood juke box, darts, pool, shuffleboard.\n\nFriendly bartenders too
This was a horrible experience in the drive thru. Cars parked in line with their engines off. 4 Staff members playing inside store. The only person that was actually working was the guy on skates. 30min stuck in line, burnt food, cold food & horrible service.
Food was great, quoted a half hour wait ended up being half that long.  Service left a bit to be desired sittingon the patio but at least they weren't over bearing.
You can get a decent meal here. Nothing stellar mind you. It feels like pseudo gourmet cuisine.
Pas mauvais mais \u00e7a ressemble plus \u00e0 de la nourriture de Fast-Food de luxe \u00e0 un prix trop \u00e9lev\u00e9.
Good service. Ok food, kinda greazy. Delivery charged based on distance from location, which is fair, but kinda different from pizza's flat fee
I love this place!!  My dog had a very bad experience at Petco.  I wasn't  sure how she would do.  They gave her \"Armsful of love\"  I will never take her anywhere else. I referred two more people, just today!
Spend time there several times, even bought some Groupons, but lately the wait staff is not very attentive. You have to ask for refills and no name introduction or real eye contact. Drinks are good...Chris the bartender is the exception as he actually talks to you and makes great drinks.
Not bad.  I had the sesame chicken lunch special, and the chicken pieces were big and tender, but the sauce was a bit too syrupy for my taste.  Oh well, better syrupy than dry and tough.  I'll go back another time to sample the rest of the menu.
Decent food. Cute atmosphere. Good service.
This place was fun it would have been better had it been maybe 3 or 4 people instead of us 2. Take your time and enjoy the good route because it is a little small! Not a crowded place at all , though I dread golfing the day it is crowded.
Maybe more of a college food shop. Cheesesteak was average.  Probably should have got the fries folks were raving about.  Should have gotten fountain soda as bottles were warm. Maybe next time i'll get the italian sub as it looked good.
The sushi here is delicious and the service is wonderful! I got the Rock n' Roll and it was incredible! Also try the Tempura Banana which comes with some delicious homemade cherry ice cream!
Brilliant. Opens at 7.30 i think and despite being a little tricky to find it was wonderful. I had the best strawberry crepe of my life this morning and the service was great. There are a few tables outside and we had a lovely quiet breakfast. Definitely back tomorrow.
A great local butcher providing great products at a reasonable price. Love this place. Best ham hock in the city, great for soups!
The Casino is what it is. I was disappointed that we couldn't find a place for my Mom to dance, but if you exercise some restraint, playing the slot machines can be fun. I also like the valet parking, which is super convenient. I wouldn't come here often, but again, it is what it is.
Seriously I have two jimmy johns the same distance from me and neither will deliver. To me that's just a pathetic excuse to be lazy.
are you f'ing kidding me?  20 bucks for a cup of ice-cream?????
always going to be one of my favorite spots. forever and ever. havn't ordered anything i didn't like.
An absolutely stunning resort in the middle of the dessert.  Lots of great activities: horseback riding, ATV tour (a MUST), etc, and golf.
Great decor, great food, the price was worth for how good the food was.
I just called these guys because my tenant's dishwasher is not draining. The gentleman who answered the phone was very polite and told me that I did not need a plumber and to call an appliance service company. I appreciate the honesty as I will call these guys again when I need a plumber.
Great interactive museum!  We have visited twice since moving from TX.\n\nLoved the dinosaurs.
Mgm is a huge place! The hotel is very nicely appointed with larger than average rooms. The casino is large (Grand) and has many things to offer
Ya know, I love the burgers and the sweet tater fries. I think it's cool that Slidin Thru is such a unique part of Las Vegas and keeps the locals involved in the action.\n\nI just can't seem to find the truck anymore, what's the deal?
Great electrician . Will use them again in a heart beat
Got yelled at by a disgruntled pool attendee. Didn't want to argue. Normally I spend my entire day at the pool.  I stayed less than 1 hour.
Burgers are very dry, no flavor in the meat at all. Onion rings & fries are good. Would not eat here again.
My favorite thrift store here In Vegas. I always find the cutest stuff ranging from collectibles to dresses. Store & merchandise are clean and pretty organized. Employees are always polite and helpful.
So I was eating my leftover wonton soup today & found a nicely trimmed finger nail twards bottom of my bowl of soup. Thanks Changs but next time let me know you added extra ingredients :)
Really slow service but great boba the food is okay.
Went here for my first time for a drink I will make this a regular stop on my Vegas trips
Slow service!! Only 1 person in front of me and took 40 min to get my items! \nFlat bread was extremely soggy. Over priced macaroni salad in a small plastic container. My smoothie was watery. Overall I definitely had better at different locations.
I purchased unlimited and I should've brought the one use pass the rides were ok. Great view however, the rides wasn't scary I'm and adrenaline junky and I love roller coasters but these rides didn't do it for me
I love going here for breakfast & lunch!
Haven't been here in 20 years.  It's still a no frill one of a kind place.  Great atmosphere. Tasty steak at reasonable prices.
THIS PLACE IS CURRENTLY CLOSED DOWN\n\nI was really looking forward to coming to this place this weekend but, no one answers the phone and today there was a recording that says \"The Gypsy Den is closed until further notice\".   Hope everyone's ok.
I've been eating at this sub shop for over 2 years now. I love this little gem behind Staples.
Love this place. Have been going there for 13 years.  Everything tastes so authentic.  Went there last night, and the line was out the door.  Always good.
We didn't eat here, but enjoyed a glass of wine at the bar during happy hour.  The staff was friendly, the wine selection was so-so.  We'd probably stop back in if we were walking past.
This place consistently serves great burgers. They have a great selection of toppings and sauces. They are the only place I know of that serves sweet potato fries (which taste like French toast). I am happy everytime I eat here.
Great all vegan menu. Attentive staff and bright environment.  Very tasty.
Good Gelato, open 24 hours...lots of sweet indulgences :)
i normally really like this bank. every time i go in there is no one in there so i never have to wait. so as far as banks go i really like it its quick and easy to pay my bills.
Great experience and good conversation. Reservation process was easy. Nice to work with competent friendly people.
Great Store Manager, Jeff DeMoure and Operations Manager, Sarah McLaughlin. Everyone was so friendly and outgoing. I would go have a beer with these folks. Unfortunately they don't deliver tuxedos on time with proper alterations.
Received my first tattoo here and it was great experience.  I showed Anthony a general idea and he took it from there.  He came up with a very nice piece and we knocked it out.  Definitely recommend.
Unless you want arrogant PA's telling you what the plan of action is instead of a Doctor, I would not recommend this place.  Ego's the size of a planet.  Dr. Lederman was great, Dr. Cummings and his assistant were not.  I do not hero worship doctors.
My kids enjoy the variety and ability to mix things up with multiple trips to the grill.  I can mix up some good dishes for myself, though the meat and \"seafood\" leave something to be desired.  For a dinner buffet, I think it is a good place to take the family and have a decent range of options.
I love this place.  Cheap eats. Real fries from potatoes.  Quick good service.   Burger patties aren't that big but for the price it's well worth it
Favorite bar in Vegas. Classy and beautiful, and Parasol Up has the best people watching ever as it's kind of front and central to the casino, the walkways, etc. Plenty of great seating. And, the drinks aren't nearly as expensive as you'd think they'd be, for this setting.
The food was delicious!! Tried the lamb gyro and babaganoush. The gyro was legit!!! Good size and great flavor. Babaganoush was just ok, tasty but not the best I've had. Will def come back for that gyro again!!!
After reading raving reviews of Glass Nickel Pizza, I have to say it was underwhelming.  I have honestly come to prefer Papa John's.  But then again, I don't eat meat so I wouldn't take this review TOO seriously.  I'm sure their other pizzas are good.
Not impressed... Friday night and early in evening. Bartenders are too busy talking with each other than to serve their patrons. \nI will not be returning.
Yelp reviews made this place sound neat. The place has no ventilation . I walked in for 30 seconds and walked right out.  I am pretty sure I got cancer !
Too expensive for below quality air terminal cafeteria food - they have a large location but all the menu items are seven dollars over priced.  More annoying is that they burn bread hourly and smoke up the hangar sized gateway.
Always people smoking right by front door.  Avoid this Starbucks!
This place has decent burgers, but it's definitely something you can skip. That being said, it reminds me of fancier Red Robin.
I have stayed here twice, and can't say enough good about the ambience and quality of the hotel. Staff rules, it doesn't smell like a gross smokey casino, great food . I like you Mandalay , you are awesome
If you don't watch this with your mouth hanging open the entire time, you have become too cynical about the world, my friend. That's really all I can say.
I love staying here. You can fit 30 people in 1 suite which makes that $10 a night. FTW!
I have been searching for a good nail place in Phoenix and I found it! They do a Great job, very detailed and thorough. Friendly staff!
Brian made my sandwich fast and clean , while chatting back and forth , great worker . Stays busy , cleaning and stocking up for the grave yard person .
waaaay too crowded and absurdly expensive drinks. security inside would not let us stand for one second, made us keep walking back and forth. the dance floor was a mosh pit and was not fun. I got separated from my friends and only stayed for an hour
After eating at Mad Dogs, my only comment is: \n\nUgh, Chicago-style hotdogs, or Madison-style shitdogs?
Good food, okay service, overpriced. To bad, because I would love to go more frequently. Again, simply overpriced.
their cakes are super delicious but insanely expensive so be prepared.
WOW!  I was impressed by this place.  I kinda felt like I was in Vegas for a brief moment.  It is modern and hip.  And the most important thing, it was not SMOKY.  They have multiple bars and a nice view.
Will come here every time I visit Vegas.  Down and dirty HK style cafe food.  Food is super cheap, great quantity & food is piping hot.  The staff seem to have a constant arguing banter in the background - just like home.\n\nFried Chicken Wings - YUMMY!!!! GET THEM!
Great little atmosphere, but dinner was not that great. I think when we go back it will be for drinks and apps and from looking at what others were ordering, that might be the way to go.
Pure kitsch. Fun for the first five minutes, then the novelty wears off.
Have been to this place a number of times with few complaints. Sat at bar and got drink ok. Sat for 20 minutes before anyone got close enough to order food. Not happy. Paid for drink and left. It wasn't that busy.
I hate it I stays there for a night and found a ball of hair next to my bed .the bathroom smell n the shower wasn't clean.never will I stay there again .
I probably gained 10 pounds here, and 7 of those were from the desserts.  Yum!  This was a great buffet.\n\nBreakfast is $13.95, Lunch $17.95 and Dinner $24.95.  It's worth every penny.
Great creative menu and excellent service. The food was tasty and loved the atmosphere. Excellent lighting... Not too bright and not too dark. Fun younger trendy crowd.
Horrible atmosphere, way too crowded. The security were incredibly rude and pushy. I felt like I was in a mosh pit instead of a club.. If you're in Vegas, there are SEVERAL better places to go, don't waste a night at this place.
I am from LA and I was Visiting a business client. they suggested this place stating that it had good Italian food. the place is worse than olive garden. The food is below average and tastes nothing like Italian. Definitely not \"Home maid\"
Great sandwiches! the bread was superb. I had a BLTDA (Bacon, lett, Tomato, date, apple) w/chicken. Yummm. such a cute spot.
Excellent place! Awesome ramen! Good spot for lunch, delicious every time! Try everything with tea and a beer.
The food was good, but seriously.....$21.95 for a 6 oz chicken dish. No kids menu. Three servers for a thirty person party and a half full dining room. The original tutti's was much better
Very nice surprise!  A little selection of food but it was actually very good. Love the fried rice and the shrimp...
Woo hoo I agree!  So convenient..I go on my lunch hour and don't have to book weeks ahead of time or worry about trying to schedule after work.  Yvonne is great!!
Cheap drinks, great bartenders,friendly people, bands at night. Great neighborhood crowd. Everything u want!!!
I love this place, the employees make this location better than any other location in the area. They also allow me to double the meat and then split a burrito into two which is absolutely perfect.
A pretty cool piece of weird Arizona history. It's just a mile of two off the highway so if you are interested in history it's worth a stop if you are on your way to Vegas.
Rio is a great hotel that has recently been refabbed and cheaper than hotels on the strip.  Like I said, it is off the strip, but I walked back from the stip one day and it really wasn't a long walk.  Great hotel, with cool people and decent nightspots.  Certainly not upscale, but still very nice.
Crust is fantastic.  Toppings are good.  Just got a slice, but whole pies look better/fresher.  $6 is 2x more than what I pay back home, so -1 star for value, but depending upon my win/loss at the tables, probably would go back.
Very nice service here, but make sure you take a couple of sips of your drink before walking out as they tend to under blend at this location.
I LOOOOOOOVVVVVEEEEEEEEE jambalaya. \nYea, I will drive up there just to buy 2 order to go and eat them during the week. (go figure)
Host was rude and we had a long wait to be seated.  Once seated we got the wham-bam-thank you service.  Food was good, nice portions.  Interior could use a face lift.  Overall Meh!
Place is a hit or miss.   Sometimes it is great and at other times it is below average.  However the breakfast here is very good.  We come mostly for the breakfast but if we are in a gambling mood we will give lunch a try.
I still can't believe that this place is \"just a university building\".  From the high cathedral arches to the amazing views to the nationality rooms, it's stunning.  The night we went there was some kind of dog show going on, as in people brought their dogs and everyone was walking around petting them.
This place is awesome.  Even the name sounds erotic.
Good texture and flavor, didn't seem too pricey, but I'd probably rate my experience at the Red Mango location in the Miracle Mile Shops higher even though that one definitely cost more.
Stayed at Palms couple of weeks ago. Late night went to check out the place and grab a quick bite but guess what? Big sign in front saying, \"sorry closed\". Not so 24 seven!
Employees very helpful in getting your size. \n\n But when you get to the counter the cashier lady has poor customer service. Needs more skills in dealing with people. Shd go to a class for customer relations. \n\nAt least the managers step up to the plate for service recovery.
Too much meat and not a big deal. :) Not sure why the guys liked it so much.
Zoolights itself is always amazing and fun and friendly,  however,  the ticket takers were very short.  It upset me enough to pause my enjoyment to write a review.
The collards were so salty i had to throw them away. the mac n cheese was mush n cheese. the brisket tough tough tough. the peach cobbler was the only thing good. the rest was trash. i was very disappointed because this food used to be good.
I had work done by him. He is crude and disgusting at best. After he had my cash in his pocket, his whole attitude changed. He could have cared less. Typical Vegas type. \nDo yourself a huge favor ......avoid him at all costs.
Visited this place for lunch buffet. Food was Ok with few good varieties which tasted well. Price was reasonable. Ordered Pomegranate Mocktail which tasted good but I would suggest to steer away from the salt lassi. Overall an OK lunch buffet but I couldn ask for more in a city like Vegas ;)
Still great. I forget how good they are and wonder why it goes so long between visits. \n\nService was slow and forgetful but once you eat you forget about it.
Came recommended by a friend. The staff was very attentive, and the food was delicious.
Havent been to this mall in awhile. This mall is a shell of what it use to be. Its pretty much a indoor swap meet these days. Im honestly surprise its still in business. The only good thing about it is they have quite a bit of shoe stores than most malls.
Must see!  Took are 3 year old also and she loved it!
This is a really beautiful club with beautiful people. Unfortunately it was packed to the gills for the Memorial Day weekend, so it made it a little uncomfortable at times. However, it was still a fun time.
WORST LOCATION EVER! Employees are totally unprofessional. Horrible customer service, 95% of the time they get my order wrong, wait time is always at least 15 minutes. The manager needs to figure it out and fix that place up because it is BRUTAL!
Its my favorite Thai place in Tempe.  Sometimes there is a wait, but its always worth it.  My favorite is the Siamese Basil Chicken.
An all you can eat Korean BBQ which you grill yourself. A great experience sharing food among friends. Their system of ordering food using a tablet was very efficient. However, service is somewhat slow sometimes. Price is also a bit high. Their food really shines through and everything tasted fresh. I would come back again.
Great happy hour food deals, very good food.
Best pizza in America?  It was good but definitely not the best.  Worth trying if there is no wait.
Food was cool and mostly flavorless. This is our third trip and we won't be coming back. Denver location is awesome, five star, PHX needs to go for lessons in food prep and customer service.
Fixed my iPhone broken screen in 15 min.\n\nGreat service!
I tried them again, and they've redeemed themselves.  I went back and the food was much better so I change my original opinion of 1 star.  The previous visit that was so horrible was a drive through visit. This last time I actually ate inside so maybe that's key.
Good go to for a quick lunch. Everyone always finds something delicious that they enjoy. My favorite is the California Tacos. The boy always gets a quarter chicken and we eat everything on the plate. Great place for quick eats.
Menu has promise but seemingly running out of Belhaven Best on a Friday night, being unable to serve a good quality pint of Deuchar's and describing McDonaldsesque fries as \"rustic\" chips means there's room for improvement.
These beds are like bricks and probably not the cleanest place around. But I'm sure it's good for the price. Good location if your visiting here and not for work. When people slam their doors it's loud, elevators are a slowwww...
rude serviced
Best fast food burgers you can get ANYWHERE. I spent the summer in CA and had In n Out Burger a few times, and there's no comparison. The toppings and fries make it the best. Load up your burger fo' free.
Awesome food here! Definitely a great hotdog! Unfortunately I moved from the area but my ex girlfriend still goes there I'm sure!!
Went for the first time last week.  Pretty much an awesome place.  The 'Blob' exhibit and the 'Firefly' room are trippy and lots of fun.  Cool place to hang out if your looking for a mellow day activity or maybe even an artsy date.
Always my go to for my limo services needs. Great service and professional drivers. If you are looking for a night on the town or need a limo for your child's prom I highly recommend Limoz.
Ok. Think we're going to give this place a try tonite. It's down the road from our house and we have been wondering if it's any good. Fingers crossed as it sound really YUMMY!!
Since we were staying at Mandalay Bay, we decided to try the buffet on our second morning.\nThe food was mediocre at best. Nothing we had really stood out as being spectacular.\nMy advice, skip the buffet and go to Raffles cafe instead. It's much better.
Great store, Clean Friendly and great prices. Wish they had Wi-Fi... Too bad Albertson's generally has better meat prices. Still 5 stars though.\nHey I'm one of those Wednesday Afternoon or Thursday shoppers!
One of the better dayclub options. Just don't go in the pool as our group of 5 all got sick the next day. And avoid the bottle rats. Pour them drinks without alcohol. I find it entertaining to watch them think they are getting drunk without alcohol.
It was good and the complimentary Edamame was a nice touch.  It was a bit pricey though.
I've been here twice now. I think the sushi is reasonable.  Not great, but it's a reasonably ok option if you are craving sushi.
It's a subway. Same ol' stuff
Vitamins, shakes, food, soups, fruits!! Great place!
It's a 7 Eleven a few miles south of the strip. Expect all the standard offerings, beer, soda, Slurpees, coffee, etc. \n\nThis place is on my way into work and stop for coffee a few times a month. Find the staff friendly and the place clean.
Very  nice, explained everything.  Taught me how to change a cabin air filter since they didn't have one in stock and I was headed out of town (otherwise they said I could just come back and they'd put it in for me)
This was slightly short of OK.  Table and chairs were uncomfortable.  it looked really cute, but it was crowded, busy, and the waitstaff was rude, rushed us, and overall, it wasn't a pleasant dining experience.
Surprisingly cheap and good food.\nGreat place to watch the game and have a beer.
Worst ever! Burned my nail beds. Nails are crooked and way too short. Have had pink and white for 5 years and NEVER had such a bad experience. DO NOT GO HERE!
Great place to eat. Foods amazing. Service is amazing. Awesome food, service, and open late, what else do u want?  Kai's the man!
Typical Starbucks located in a casino.  Translation:  you will be enjoying that latte with a shot of second hand smoke.  Service was friendly and the seating area was pretty large.  The only reason I stopped here was because I was going on 2 hours sleep before a show at HOB.
The food was good but the service was less than great
Good food. Fish and chips were great. 2 issues. Fish pieces were too big and they put the veggies on the same plate as the fish and chips, so everything got soggy. Great server - Lauren. Would come back again.
Delicious Thai at the back of a shopping center.  The restaurant itself is nice and roomy inside.  The food was great, I had a delicious curry.  In addition to the many food options, they also have various bubble teas and smoothies.  The service was good as well.
The food ? Extremely boring and ordinary... The atmosphere? Lively and fun .. I'm rating this place as a restaurant, not a bar. \n\nSo if your hungry? Don't go there.  If your gonna grab a few drinks before heading to a game?  Absolutely go there and have fun.
Cool you can stay on Strip BUT for the price it is really a big parking lot a few more trees and some TLC is really needed. There is a nice park for dogs and a nice place for a bath for your dog.  The workers were very nice on phone and in person.
Best breakfast ever!! Has a very long line around  9:30
best cajun food in az. if u love hot!!! food. then ask for tip's spicy 10
Cookie butter macaroons! Cookie butter macaroons! Quite possibly the best sweet treat I have ever tasted.  I can't wait to try everything this place has to offer. Check it out!
Standard Pittsburgh dive. They had Yuengling, Newcastle and Guinness on tap and basketball on the television so no complaints.
Service is friendly enough but this place is WAY overpriced and crowded. The food is ok, but there isn't anything terribly special, it is frankly quite a bit overrated as well as being overpriced.
The bad: Self seating left a small wait till we were noticed. Burgers were overdone.\nThe good: Interesting decor, casual fun atmosphere. Great iced tea. The house made potato chips and dip were fabulous. Lots of beer on tap.\nOverall a good experience we will definitely be back!
Watch out if you want delivery from The Lotus. I have had delivery from them twice without incident. But apparently they only offer it some days?? I just tried to place an order for delivery and was told the driver was off today.
Still extremely happy with this place, and upon reflection, wish to add the great value here, after going to Sushi Eye on a Friday night and dropping $120 between 2 of us, with a comparable huge meal coming out to be $70 here.  Nigiri excellent rice-to-fish ratio, with the fish definitely being the star of the show.
Eric, \n\nI dont care about the delivery charge. Your food is overpriced, and the lady who took the order was horrible to me. So I will never come back and dine in your restaurant. No, thank you.
Rain WAS cool... now its just a tourist trap. Better clubbin in NY or LA.
The food was pretty descent for the most part. My biggest issue was that they used really bony scrappy cuts of meat for the lamb tenderloin and thought it was ok.
best mongolian beef anywhere, swear....
Okay, so the pizza was not amazing, but I was too excited that they made whole wheat crust and delivered that I didn't care. The delivery guy was pretty fast and very nice. This place is very cheap, which is nice if you're in college!
Really happy with the quality of wash and with the monthly wash prices, wait times are also usually very short
Fun, great food, classic old-school feel.
They have great sushi and food. Service is always attentive and friendly. It can get very crowded at night and weekends. The happy hour and late night happy hour deals are super awesome too!
Taco Bell has blown it with this new \"Dollar Cravings Menu\" The items on it are just rehashed versions of things that were already on the menu for cheaper prices. Not to mention the sizes are half the size of the original product.
Slow service and not very inviting. Fish was mushy and the beans were just from a can of pork n beans. Will not return.
All the reviews are right!  WOW! So good. I had the Miso $7.25 for a bowl of delishesness
Good food. Good beer. Good service.  The fish & chips are always good, curry is not bad.\nCouple of beers on the patio, dog friendly spot.\nBeen here probably 20 times in the past ten years and it's never disappointed, both locations are good.
Just perfect!!! I love coming here!!! The fun games, atmosphere, and exceptional alcohol makes for some great fun! Happy hour has some great deals and is late night as well!
Came in for there lunch specials but after seeing there specialty rolls, had to have one. Got the What The Heck and glad I did. Everything was amazing!!  Don't forget to order the Tempura Ice Cream for dessert!  I'll definitely be back.
Whether you're a long time runner or just starting out, the Runner's Den has you covered. The staff is patient and knowledgeable, every person I've worked with there was a runner. They even have you run in shoes before buying them to ensure they fit properly. They also have running clinics on the weekend.
Tried to call to get info; no answer and couldn't leave a VM because their mail box is full!  Not a good sign ....
Yelpers are correct! This place is something special. The food is delicious and they have great customer service. The fusion tacos, fusion flautas, bulgogi plate and fried rice were sooo good! Will definitely come back the next time we're in Vegas.
Wings were OK. Liked the Yella Pilsner draft special. Decent dive bar. Real good ranch!
Food was ok. The staff was warm. Can use credit card. Some meals (I guess with soup) are only for dine in. I ordered a stew. They made it from scratch, which cost me more than ten minutes to wait. Hope they can improve their cooking procedure.
Get the fish sandwich.  Best I've ever had.  The cole slaw is homemade and is awesome as well.  French fries are lousy.\n\nDon't get anything other than the fish sandwich, it is what they're known for, and their other food just isn't very good.
Way too crowded and loud. The bouncers were super rude. 2 stars for having a great location. I think this club could be great if they limited the number of guests more.
Didn't have our table ready for a bachelor party that we set up two weeks prior and then forgot to bring out all of our food. Terrible service and food wasn't great. Made me sick. Wouldn't recommend for big groups. Maybe they can handle 2-4 people. Really just ruined the night for us.
I like the place. I found this place from yelp about two weeks ago and have been back more than 5 times.
Underwhelming and a bit overpriced... Not bad but certainly not the lifechanging holy grail of burgers I expected after so much hoop-la.  The fries are the standout but I imagine they are even better if you dine in.
I don't get the popularity of this place. Food is blah. Beer is okay but nothing to write home about or make one actually think about Ireland. It gets 2 stars because it smells better than the Saloon.
Horrible service. Cold fries. Didn't receive one single refill. Tool forever to take my order but the group of 4 that sat down 5 mins after me got their order in before I even had a drink request. Burger was mediocre. Overall disappointment.
Strawberry shortcake cake is totally amazing! Not a cheap cake, you definitely get what you pay for..\nAlways had good luck here and the cake is a party hit!
Been here a few times, just a normal Mcdonalds, well, was. Pile of rubble as of 07/01/2014. Don't know if they're rebuilding.
The space is gorgeous and the aerial silks class I was able to attend was awesomely fun... but the management is less than tactful or helpful about scheduling and it has really soured me on the whole experience.
Great pizza! Lived in Sicily 5 years, closest I have had yet to the real thing! Fresh ingredients, super staff, casual, relaxing atmosphere! Absolutely recommend this place!
Overpriced and overhyped.
Place is closed they need to update the yelp site they closed with 0 notice to anyone kind of a poor way to treat loyal customers don't just shit your doors one day without notice
Been using this place for many years and have been very happy with the service.  This time, I took my $16-$24 postcard coupon in and was told that the price would be $37.  Disappointed, I left and went to Meineke at 3665 S. Durango  and only paid $19 total.
I'm so disappointed in this story. Everytime I go through the drive thru and ask for a variety dozen and specify I would like either some custard or this time I asked for their pumpkin specials. I get nothing but regular round cheap bottom shelf donuts in my dozen each time.
While looking up cheap places to eat that were good in the city I found this place.  Thought the reviews were by fanatic fans but nope!  \nThe ambience isn't the greatest but to see your food prepared right in front of you and see what they do was a highlight for me.
This is it, folks. This is THE best brick-oven pizza in the country, contest over. I now re-route and re-schedule to make sure this is on the travel agenda whenever I'm out west.
Worst service! Ordered a hot fudge banana shake and instead got a Sunday. Instead of being nice about it the girl told me I ordered it wrong but she would remake it for me.
Check in to Howard Johnson and the rooms are pretty decent. However, the water through the entire building got shut off due to broken pipes and we haven't been able to use the restroom or shower for the last three hours. Really disappointed!
Everytime we eat here the food gets worse, if that's even possible. The five cheese ziti was dry and hardly had any \"sauce\". And the lasagna we ordered was falling apart and a lousy portion for the price. We will not be going back.
I've been a fan of Barro's since I was a kid...better than most national chains, great place specials for lunch, delicious wings, a pretty decent gluten free pizza for a decent price. Service is always friendly; Been a fan for 20 plus years and plan to be a fan for 20 plus more.
Read my post from 12/24. If you purchased a voucher from Amazon, you may be able to get your money back. I did. \nYou may need your order number and look for a phone number on the bottom of your confirmation...pete
Do not come here if you want service! They have two older waitress and they can't handle the business. I waited twenty minutes to just get my rice. The wait is so long and you start becoming frustrated. The food is ok, but please, hire more people!!!
25 mins from the strip, not worth the drive. The food isn't that great and it looked like its been sitting out for awhile. The food is bland and the waiter isn't the friendliest.
Wes and his company are awesome!!! Have a 2011 honda accord and brought it in after getting a quote from the honda dealership that to replace my ac condenser would be $850! Took it to Highline and got it repaired for 1/3 the price. Hands down best auto shop I've been to!!
They have a wide variety of takeout dishes, chinese, fries, hamburgers and pizza are passable. The rest is plainly bad. Takeout service took me forever on a monday, and I also had bad service over the phone. Not horrible, but you can do far better.
Had cod dinner and by far it was one of the worst fish dinners I have ever had. Very greasy fish and mushy fries. For $13.95 and 2 small pieces of Cod it was way over rated.
Great place to drink some ale and watch Les Habitants!  Wings looked good too... I didn't try them because we were full from one of the delicious french bistro's in town.
The noise,lights and animals are merely a cover-up for the slow service, lackluster food and expensive dishes. Don't expect to add a house salad to your $12.48 turkey wrap ladies and gents here they want 4.49 to add it as a side. $37+ later we won't come again.
Very expensive I came here for a car was with a $10 coupon and they wanted $11 more for interior clean. So I got exterior only. Didn't fininsh the drying, had to drive my own car through the wash. Don't think I would go there again.
Better then Panda express...\nthats all I can say.
Tacky, low quality. Loud, smells like BO, vomit and alcohol. In other words like a typical Florida beachside dive. If that's the ambiance they aimed for them they nailed it. Food was bleh.
OMG! I am in love with the tacos at this place. Every time I visit Vegas, this place is a must! Everyone is so friendly, been here a couple times, (let's say...three times a year) & the staff still remembers my face every time.
Fresh bagels and donuts first thing in the morning!!! And cheaper than any other place.
This place has great prices and a neat set up but it's always crowded and has a VERY heavy police presence. Now, I'm all for safety but I don't particularly enjoy feeling like a prisoner when downing drinks and playing darts. So three stars it is.
I love this place.  The food is great and not too expensive.  You get your moneys worth.
Fashion Show Mall is an awsome place to visit if you want to spend time window shopping.\n\nIt has several shops to choose from economical to upscale stores.\n\nThere are several restaurants and also a food court inside the mall.\n\nOverall a great mall to visit.
They need to change the drab carpet. CNN at gates 5/6
Pho is really all about the broth and these guys really hook it up. It's the first place I go when I've been out of town too long.  Good service, clean, and really good food.
They take great care of my dog for grooms here.  And they also do walk ins for just washes.  They're also one of the only places near downtown where i can buy frozen raw food for my dog.  Thanks Smellydog
Great place, full of mexicain flavors, ver authentic.\n\nI had a great time here, and the bill is not very expensive. \n\nThere are definitely more \"high end\" tacos places in Montreal, but ElRey Del Taco will suit your purist needs.
Debra Castor is a true real estate professional.  She is informed and up to date on new programs and rate changes.  I know who I'm going to call the next time I am looking to purchase a home.\n\nThanks for all your help!
Slow service con this cold and wet Monday. The servers just didn't have it together and neither did the cooks as my chicken was seasonless and my Mac and cheese was cold. The only thing you can expect from Mert's is inconsistency.
Hands down the best carpet service I have used.  Steve was on time, did phenomenal job and gave great  pointers on keeping the carpet clean.  As long as I live in the Phx area, Carpet MD will be cleaning my carpets!  THANKS, STEVE!
Decided to try this place - it appears to be closed and there are for lease signs in the windows.
Must support this shop and stop by whenever i get in town.  Very dope selection with a lot of hype kicks and gear.  I appreciate the staff for being chill and not bothering  when trying to browse.  Get some kicks and   rock'em right,
Getting charged for ranch when it comes with your meal is ridiculous. Who orders chicken strip dry? Also the people there are rude.
Pretty good location. This is a fairly new location and has yet to prove itself with hdden treasures like the PV Mall store. However in a pinch, it works for me.
The food is terrible. Service is ok. Be prepared for a high school reunion.
$17 for scrambled eggs, bacon and orange juice? Ouch. Service was good but the food is average. I won't be spending my money here again.
Typical BJs. Came to watch the cardinals game. \nBoyfriend loves their BBQ chicken deep dish pizza. We got the chicken wontons thai style. They were ok. Not great but not bad. \nFood is typical but they do do a great job with service.
I've been going to the Home Depot next door for years and never even noticed this place until I read about it on Yelp. Decided to grab takeout and wasn't disappointed. And hey, they even have awesome SCALLION PANCAKES which are pretty hard to find around here. Will definitely be back!
This was our second trip to Tapas Rias. The first was worth coming back for. The second, not so much.
The worst paella I ever had in my life. If you're looking for real or at least good paella this is not the place. Very good sangria.
wasn't a fan. the food was typical fast food. it look quite a while for someone to take care of us. which, i don't blame the waitress, she was obviously quite busy, but they should put more people on the floor at once. the drinks were also overpriced.
Overpriced for what you get.  Decor is awful.  Owners kept walking in and out of the side door with a bus boy.  Not sure what that means.  Hope this place makes it and hope they expand their menu.
Ginger chicken was stellar and they make very good Pad Thai.  Service was fairly good for the degree to which it was crowded, and it was very crowded.  Waited 20 minutes and it looked like the wait list only got longer.  But it was well worth it!
Very happy with the quality of the food and service at Falbo's in Verona.  It is not the greatest location or decor but our son loves it.  Good place for kids and we enjoy the pizza.
Best $7.75 pizza around!!!  All the cheese & topings you want!  In a great central PHX location, easy to get to on the light rail as well.  Give them a try,  you won't be dissapointed!  Lunch wth iced tea, less than $11!!
Read good reviews about the place on yelp and it didn't disappoint me or my wife. The service is very welcoming and the food tasted equally better. Would definitely  recommend this place to all my friends.
Great quality food.  A bit pricey but for the quality it is worth it.  The server didnt seem like he liked us much.  Gave short answers and seemed annoyed when we asked questions.  Overall had a good time and tried some great quality food.
service was subpar. Additionally, I'd only go back for the food if I was in need of a quick snack.  The food's not great, but i'll do it in a pinch.
It's family style... As soon as we walked in, it smelled really good. From looking at the menu, the price is a bit high. I ordered the Tuesday Special and it was Yummy... I will definitely come back.
Family-owned, delicious and the owner took the time to explain how he makes the broth from scratch daily (no MSG,  no shortcuts with bouillion, etc.). Pot stickers, summer rolls, beef pho, and iced coffee are excellent.
Food took way too long.
Whenever we come to Vegas we always make a stop at Dick's, why? Peel and Eat Shrimp! It's delicious and I highly recommend it to anyone. Plus they give you a funny, usually sexual hat to wear. Service is always pretty good.
My brother just bought an entire pint of their Cotton Candy ice cream. I love the wide variety of flavors!
Great people, food, drinks and fun. The servers are welcoming and friendly. It's also a great place to watch sporting events such as UFC pay-per-views.
Love the place....Love the Southern flair  - the food, the decor the vibe. Nice place for a gumbo or a jambalaya or several round of beer before sweating it all out at the nearby Rumjungle.
Love to support local businesses and this is in my neighborhood and offers yummy food.  Food is fresh and tasty. I've had the gyros sandwich, chicken Schwarma and hummus.  Friendly service.
Nice atmosphere, food was bland and not cheap, and service mediocre.  I have no problem paying top dollar for an awesome meal.  We were extremely disappointed and will not return.
Great food. \nOne of our friends wanted to down a pitcher of mimosas. \n\"Well I'm not sure that's legal, but here's two cups.\"
Lots of choices on the menu.  Good for the family.  We all really enjoyed the food and the margaritas were good, too.
I eat here often.  They have great customer service and quality food.
Good pizza! Definitely want to try more! They have a good looking white pizza we'll try next time! Fun atmosphere! Love that it's a brick fire oven place! Super friendly and helpful staff! Some great wine too! Great end to our double date outing!
Food was ok, but the cashier intentionally makes people wait in the line for a long time. For us, it was one hour waiting in a short line, not worth it. Do not recommend.
It was okay.  Might have to give it one more try.
This place is new but really nice, prices are good for the area. Happy hour 7 days a week from 4 pm-7 pm.
The pizza is excellent! Being from Chicago, I know my pizza & this is some good quality pizza! If you're in the area, definitely take the time. If not, take the trip!
Love the Legacy.  Construction is underway in the summer, so looking forward to the results.  The clubhouse restaurant could use a facelift.  Green fees aren't cheap, but the course is fun to play.
If you're flying an airline that flies out of terminal 3 like United, you better give yourself an extra 20-30 minutes. The terminal 3 security line is far far far slower than terminal 1.
Visiting from out of town we happen to walk upon this place. The food was good and the service was great. The menu itself has a lot for everyone. We did sample the beer it was good just a bit warm for my taste.
I. Love. Cupcakes. So I was really hoping to like this place, but after several visits, I won't be back. Every single cupcake I have gotten from here has been dry & lacking flavor :-/
The dish was hot and good, but they left a few ingredients out that are specified in the menu that the dish has. When I got it to their attention all they said is sorry.
This buffet was quite the disappointment. The food didn't look appetizing and they still had breakfast food at 3pm. There weren't that many options and the options that were there wasn't great. Would not return.
this place is the highest priced shop in the state!!!!!! after 3 trips and 2,500 dollars later has left me in the poor house..........i guess its my fault for going back, but never again!!1
Food was OK, service was OK.  Checked my bank balance today and $2.15 more than I signed for was withdrawn from my account.  Stealing from your customers is not OK.  Will NEVER be back to this Red Robin.
in two weeks i saw house keeping zero times. It's ok though, they seemed understaffed and the people there genuinely are trying theyre hardest. Stay elsewhere if you can avoid it
If you do not like this SBs location go across the street to Target. You will get fast courteous service and coupons good for free Frappuccinos. They often have samples out to try. The staff looks like they enjoy their jobs. Target Starbucks rocks to the heights
Great hole in the wall with great food.  Video poker pays decent and James is the man to see behind the bar.  Russ is cool too.  Just a great neighborhood place... the kind of bar you don't find in Vegas very often.
I'm happy to say this is our neighborhood Italian restaurant. This up town version of bianco is more relaxed and less trendy in my opinion. Trattoria has a totally different menu too...
I love Goldies! Its like the \"Cheers\" of Scottsdale, but everybody doesn't know my name there yet.  Gotta try the Goldaritas. Great place for happy hour, and to watch a game. Can get crowded, hard to find a seat at the bar. \n\nTip- pretty decent buffalo wings
Terrible!!! This used to be the best car wash spot on the west side, no longer. Brought my brand new Audi here and what I got back was a greasy mess with a missing windshield wiper. Horrible experience, I will never use this place ever again.
This is the worst Einstein ever. I go to my normal local Einstein and in comparison this place is like going to a 7 eleven. Never have coffee brewed and the employees ignore you when you come in.
This bar is the perfect place to grab a drink and wind down after a long day. The food was pretty good and the drinks are very reasonably priced. A great neighborhood bar!
Lucy is amazing, she come on time on my daughter birthday on june 14. She get involve directly with the kids n paint amazing character, she paint fast n the result very good.
I had the Carolina pork with fries and bacon covered jalape\u00f1os. The pork was very good with the vinegar sauce. The jalape\u00f1os were very interesting, I recommend them if you like strange combinations.
Stayed here for a friends bday weekend. It's ok. Nothing fancy. Tho the food at the restaurants here were all pretty terrible. Well just The Pub and Dragon Noodle, as far as I know.\n\nThe tub drains hella slow in our room. Gross
Rudest people!!!!!\n \nI called to place an order so i can pick it up. The lady on the phone started screaming at me saying that it is a chinesse restaurant and they don't deliver. She hangs up before i can even say i wan't it to pick up not for delivery
Went by here for a last minute gift and the place is Out of Business....
Amazing. The ambiance is great. The food is amazing. The staff is attentive, polite and helpful. And now, I'm stuffed.
My new favorite place!!! LOVE IT. Service staff amazing and food creative.
I've been waiting in the will call line for over an hour. The staff is just silly emo hipsters who don't seem to care about their patrons. Get shit organized. I could stand this when I was 16, but there are some people who have expectations of a music venue. Plus my ass is sweaty. Which makes me angry.
Just made a meal for about 7 people using Whole Foods for ingredients. Everything turned out super good and tasted very fresh. The employees were helpful as well, however the usual high prices and smaller size of this particular Whole Foods knocks it down a bit.
Order the ribs only next time
First time I've been to a Japanese Ramen shop and it was delicious.  My only point of reference is Vietnamese Pho and this was up there with the best Pho I've had.  Great, efficient service and very inexpensive as well!  Perfect for the day-after hangover that Vegas will give you!
Overpriced subs, bread and meat has changed to low-grade. Same quality as subway, just a higher price tag. Will not visit again.
Decent coffee for what's located in a hotel that was off the strip. Without driving off to get Starbucks, this place is definitely liveable when you walk your butt down the elevators after a drunk night or a night of betting.
Very small portions \nVery high prices\nNot worth it!
Stopped in to grab a drink before heading over to The Bank. It was pretty busy. The bar service was fast. 5 of us got our drinks within a few minutes entering despite the crowd. The drinks were a tad bit on the pricey side. At least the bouncer transferred my drink to a plastic cup on the way out.
Horrible customer service. Do not stay here. The front desk staff and shift manager were very rude and unhelpful the rooms facing the street sound like the freeway is in your bed!!! I will never stay at this hotel again.
I really enjoyed the buffet lunch.  Fresh salad and pasta/meat dishes. Simple but done well.  Great value at 9 bucks that includes a drink.   Very cozy and clean atmosphere with a great staff. Owner is great as well.  I will be taking wife back for dinner as the wine selection looks solid.  Give this place a try.
The speed in which they deliver your food is always amazing!   Oh yeah, the food is good too.
I was impressed. Delivery was fast and I really liked everything (besides the potstickers) yummy boba and tasty walnut shrimp. Sauteed veggies Were awsome. All u can say is YUM!
A well deserved 5 star restaurant. Cheap and authentic. Fresh pulled noodles everyday. Fast service, lots of space and clean environment.
Did an awesome job at a very reasonable price  I definitely would recommend them if you're looking to have a tree removed or maintained. Very professional.
Found lots of items for my home at great prices. We were able to check and test everything before purchase and most of the things we bought were 50% off retail prices . A++++
I went to this place for a special occasion.  The waiter was noticeably trying to run the bill up.  I kept trying to keep the bill down.  It was a very strange experience.  The fish was ok but very salty.  I would not go back under any circumstances.
Decent vietnamese near downtown.
Delicious food, Awesome Customers Service,, and Delicious Food.  Oh, I already said that.  lol.  You can go and taste it yourself.  Yummy.  I\"m addicted :)
loved it had the perfect shade of purple!!!!!!!!!!!!!! going back as well
Had a steak burrito... Soo good. And the service was great! Probably the sweetest people i've had the pleasure of talking to while being served :)
Great beer. Good service. Nuff said.
Awesome service and food. Great place to celebrate a birthday or anniversary. Wish I could visit more often.
Good food. Worst service ever! Delivery took over 2 hours and I live in old town!!! I called 3 times and he said each time it would be there in 5 minutes. Wrong. Canceled my order.
This was fantastic. We were seated right away on a busy Saturday night, the food was reasonably priced (for Las Vegas) and everything our party got was delicious. I highly recommend the guacamole. They made it fresh and it was perfect.
Great doughnuts as usual. It has been a few years since I have had one. It just reignited my love for them.
May have a lot of used books in good condition, but I've been to plenty of used bookstores with much better prices.  They do have a lot of records and old video games, which can be fun to look through.
Man I love me some Tommy's!
Just a great place.\nCame in at like 3am and had great & very friendly service. Very good food and were treated nicely and attended to well. I strongly recommend it.
Good happy hour.  Spaghetti and meatballs for $5.
Venue looks great but service is bad. Slow, missed orders. Had high hopes as another good option.
Thursday is ladies night!  5 dollar drinks, awesome.  We ordered all appetizers.  The Philly cheesesteak dumplings were amazing.  The mini lobster rolls were buttery and succulent.  I would pass on the Doritos Mac and cheese, pastrami hot pocket and fritos pie.
By far my favorite location.  Coffee is always perfect.  The staff is just the right amount of friendly :)
The people that work here are rude! SFO definitely way better.
I love this .. my fav :)
Amazing service, good music, and incredible food. What have you got to lose?! Come on down to sauce and get sauced! Best beer ever on tap. Double IPA blue moon pine in the neck
Fantastic, cozy feel. Reasonably priced, friendly atmosphere. Connected to a boutique hotel.
Food was okay, service was lacking.
Great for outdoor enthusiasts both hardcore and amateur ;) Dogs are welcome!\n\nBe ready to be having a blast flying overhead or down the rapids rather than just taking pics or Facebooking --- you won't have time to!
Liked the old location, love the new one. Talk about friendly service! I ordered the orange roughy, but received the red fish instead. What did they do? Made it right by giving me the red fish for free, and also the orange roughy (superb dish mind you)! Was very happy with my experience here; highly recommended.
Amazing customer service and extremely honest. Won't try to sell you anything you don't need. Will be returning for any future car problems/maintenance.\nDon't forget to mention Yelp!!!
This location is closing. It has been my favorite place for breakfast . Staff is friendly and takes good care of us . I normally order egg whites and turkey with bacon bits and fresh avocado.  The have good  breakfast potatoes or fresh fruit. We will miss the restaurant
Picking up the car using the kiosk was great.  Staff was quick, friendly and efficient.  Drop off was  little slower, but still friendly and efficient.
The food is amazing but the service is terrible every time I go there. It doesn't matter what time of day or how slow it is or which server I get. Time to hire a new serving staff.
$5.25 for one 12oz can of tecate beer.
Place was gross.. Their menu didn't have enough description. Matter of fact it had no description just pictures... I order a waffle sand which well it turned out it had some kind of jelly in it.. Really gross.. Just threw it away and walked out.. Won't be coming here anymore...
This place has great pizza!  It is authentic Italian style with fresh ingredients.  If you're hungry, go ahead and get your own Pizza because you won't want to share!
Ummm not as good as I expected. I honestly don't think the burgers were as good, the wings were decent, ketchup was weird, the fish and fritz were great though. Prices are decent. Would recommend it just to try it out but not my personal favorite place for burgers.
I love Paradise Bakery! Their walnut chicken salad sandwich is by far my favorite meal there! Last night my sister and I bought lemon zest cookies and they were SHUT THE FRONT DOOR good!!!! I will be going back soon!
While it's a bit tricky to find, once you're in... you're in!!!
WhatEVER.
This place is too much for the quality of food. Everything was either salty or cold. It also made my stomach hurt!! Don't eat here the Bacchanal is the place u need to try!
Place is alright. I was in a hurry and needed gas, but if you get Chevron, you're better off going to the one on Kyrene or Rural on Baseline. A lot cheaper compared to this one.
i really like this light rail stop. it's really cool. \n\nYelp!
Love the atmosphere, love that they play music during commercial breaks, close to home AND the food's good.  There are LOTS of TVs everywhere, plus service is great and the food is ready in minutes!  This is as good as it gets!
Great staff, decent dance floor, good sound.
Extremely dissatisfied!  Horrible company to work with!  They are rude, have held on to my money since April 29th (it is now May 25th) and the job is still not done!!!
Excellent breakfast crepes. We all enjoyed this place. A little pricey for breakfast but what can you expect from Old Montreal.\n\nNo ambiance. Decent coffee. Worth going to if you are staying in Old Montreal.
Matt has been a great help to me and my fianc\u00e9 coming 4-5 times a week to walk our high energy dogs. Matt is very nice, always on time and our dogs love to see him when he shows up.
Love Happy Hour and the live band. Prices are good for happy hour, I wouldn't order the mojito again but I would order a martini... they got that one down every time.
Lots of options.  Decent food for the price.  Not remarkable.
Friendly service and the coffee is always great! There drive-thru line gets pretty long but so does every other Starbucks I have been too. Great location right next to the freeway.
Nice park with tons of activities within a fun safe environment! Cool lake with okay fishing and convienent parking.
This place is very expensive compared to any other breakfast place in the valley. They really don't offer larger portions of food or higher quality to bring the prices they are asking.
Lots of people to help but too busy talking to each other...so, I left...
I love this little local hometown bakery. I love stopping and getting a coffee and cream cheese danish.  My husband loves their cinnamon rolls.  The molasses cookies are soft and chewy.  I recommend trying it all!
Nette Atmosph\u00e4re auf dem Gutenbergplatz. Leckere Pizza. Aber der Service ist gewaltig verbesserungsw\u00fcrdig.
I was only there once, the food was average and an older guy, possibly the owner thought it would be okay to sit at our table, spread out his newspaper and sip his coffee. I hope he enjoyed himself cause we sure didn't.
Decent lunch.\n\nHad the vegetarian platter.  My favorite was the baba ganoush. \n\nEasy to find coupons for... including the entertainment book.  The greek fries sound tasty.
Was in Vegas last weekend and made a stop here for some food, I got the Earl club(I believe thats what it was called) and it was amazing, best sandwich I have ever had and very filling, I wish they had one of these in Phoenix!!! Will eat here again when I go back to Vegas.
I love coming here for their drinks.  Every time I'm in Vegas I stop by here 2-3x out of one week just to grab my favorite drink which is the Rose Green Milk Tea with Tapioca!
Grabbed breakfast here with a friend. I was very impressed with the healthy selections (and reasonable prices).
Another John Taffer bar that closed.
this place is too expensive to look and feel like a cheap motel no tell. the service was bad and still faraway from the convention center. the pool was smaller then my home pool!!!!!!  why would people stay here for the price when they could stay at a 5 star place????? got rolled
Great place for a date night... The ambience is dark and relaxing.
This is not good sushi, do not waste your time or money. I am a sushi fanatic and this can not even be classified as mediocre.
Not bad for airport food. I had the tuna which was ok. People next to me had calamari that looked good and they said it was awesome.
First time to Waffle House and we were not disappointed. Selection is basic but service was friendly and the hot and delicious was served in under 5 minutes. We were headed out of town and this place was perfect for a hot meal on the go.
Great service and very good food.  The meat was very tender and the smash garlic potatoes were awesome!
Great as usual, can never get enough of this place!! Love the all you can eat sushi and appetizers.
We first came here to the emergency room for my wife.  Today she had an outpatient surgical procedure.  We are very pleased with this hospital.  The staff is excellent and caring.  We are glad to have such a good facility close to home
Really good, quality hot dogs. However, very pricey for a small-ish meal. Also, not a ton of seating, which is kind of a downer. I would go back for a casual meal when I'm downtown.
If you are vegetarian, vegan or have food allergies and want a place that will work with you......THIS IS IT! Sasha is so nice and very knowledgable. Delicious smoothies and yummy food. They are even child friendly! We stop in whenever we can!
I love this place and have eaten her more times than I can count.  Anything with their green chili pork is fantastic.  The steak and blue cheese quesadilla is amazing.  As several others haven mentioned the chips and salsa are quite tasty.
over priced but i had a pretty good meal....but a sandwich and a soup should not cost me over 24 bucks....just saying i did not see any golf flakes in my soup
Friendly staff, delicious down home breakfast!  Biscuits- heavenly. French toast- spectacular. Coffee-hot, good and plentiful. Love to find locally owned places to spend my dining out dollars.
Cheap food, but everything fried on a Friday tastes like fish.  Probably not a big deal if you like fish taste, but I don't.
I have to take a whole star away from this place for how disgusting the bathrooms are.  I think it is the worst bathroom I have ever used in a store.  :(
Eatin good in the neighborhood. They have totally remodeled this whole building and the place looks great now. applebees is the best place to go to just for a quick bite to eat, if you wanna eat cheap and good this is it.
Target sucks lately. They NEVER have enough stock. It Seems like every time I go to Target they're out of at least 1 or 2 items on my shopping list - causing me to have to make another stop. Very anoying.
The original #wvfn meetup spot! Great spot just off the 101 for cold brew! Bring 4 friends and order Irish Car Bombs! They have a great \"slapper\" for the experience. Still waiting for the video (hint @clintus)
umm..yea, all I will say is not-so-great.  For what it is, its expensive and the owner is a jerk.
Nice neighborhood bar.  Food is very ok and certainly is not made by hand.  Nice beer selection.  Many TV's.
great office and staff. Was seen ontime and love dr Baldree. I was able to get my son in right away for a bad ear infection. Dr Baldree was extremely patient with my son as he was in a lot of pain. I was told by a friend that he was great with children and I couldn't agree more!
I would probably not book with Rio ever again. Although they have a lot of slots and decent restaurants the room was outdated and we got charged an additional $20 per person which is a resort fee. I know it's up to luck but dam their machines were tight not even $20. Service was okay nothing outstanding.
This place has great food and most importantly is very consistent - no ups and downs. The basic gyros are fantastic, but I really like the Philly gyro. The salad is good and so are the fries.
The oysters seemed dry and the Asian food is mediocre but the meat is amazing. The desserts are really good too.
I've been to the Beverly HIlls location and it is my favorite steak joint. The service was awesome here but the food was very disappointing. Portions were way smaller and the quality was not the same. Very disappointing when I was hyping it up to my family. I will not be back.
Placed an order for a single burger and fries at 5pm, didn't get it until almost 7:30.  Customer service is non existent.  I used to get all my staff to order from here... no more!
Best gift store in Charlotte.  Absolutely love this store.  You can find something for everyone on your shopping list!
Ask for help. The answer google it\nNot customer service
You want a nice casino, great tables, and a Vegas feel? Go here! Really fun, they have a club on Friday and Saturday nights, a 24 hour restaurant, Sat and Sun pool party w a great DJ...u wont be disappointed
Great ice cream! Great location on The Linq walkway, but somewhat small sitting area for customers inside the ice cream shop... tables/chairs are fairly tight together, gets too crowded when busy; reduce the retail area to make room for ice cream customers, maybe?
I was told for the second time in a month the computer was not allowing to print money orders/ after waiting ten min in line to get one. Where, they could've  tell every one or post a sign to notify the customers so, they don't wait...very bad service.
Authentic, relaxed atmosphere, reminds me of Louisiana!
First time Here. Cheap drinks. Good music. No complaints. Just as good as NYC bars. Check it out. Don't get aids here. Welcome to mama.
Best movie theater ever. Reclining seats with blankets and pillows. Free popcorn too. Not to mention during the previews through the first 15 minutes of the movie a server will serve you food (limited menu) and/or beer!\n\nIt is a little pricey, but worth it for sure.
They accidentally put cow cheese on my pizza (which I am allergic to), but then they felt so bad they comped out whole meal for a party of 9. Super hospitable and accommodating! Thank you Sammie's crew.
Service was blah and the beans were burnt. If you like pupusas, this place is great. Don't confuse this place with Mexican fare.  Again the pupusas were awesome!!!!!!
This place is the worst, the service was horrible and there was a hair in my food. DO NOT GO HERE PASS!
Decent airport with a limited variety of food choices and a strange layout. It feels a little outdated but I was only at the airport for a quick layover.
The food is seriously delicious, the portions are substantial and the prices are reasonable!!  Highly recommend for a great meal
One large pizza and hot wings, Excellent!
My chicken pesto sandwich ($13) was so freaking dry! But I was starving so I ate the whole thing. The corned beef and turkey panini looked tastier.
we just had 3 rows for a quick bite so cant really judge this place entirely.  Prices were surprisingly reasonable for a Sushi Restaurant on the Strip and in The Palazzo mall of all places.  Each one was great
They went out of business and kept our $$$$$$ that we had paid for a ride that never happened.  They sent an email promising to refund us but never did.  They don't return phone calls or emails.  I sure hope they never open another business.
Seems like more and more shops are closing. I don't go often, but every time I'm close by it surprise me to see half empty mall. All the good stores in the area are actually outside that mall, and from what it looks now soon enough it will be only Macy's and JCP there
Not my choice to go to usually. I dislike the service and selection here. Seems like the quality and service has gone down over the years.
umm, a beer hall in a church?\n\nthat's even better then a club in a church:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Limelight\n\nInteresting choices of beer, great pizza, and a decent menu of dinner choices.
I gave the restaurant 2 stars. The food was good (great Hummus) but this restaurant was FILTHY. We were their first guests of the day! Floors dirty. display case filthy. Booths unwiped. Crap everywhere....
I enjoy dining at Cravings when I do consider a buffet as the staff is friendly and accomodating and the food is rather good! The restaurant is clean, modern and has great energy. \n\nThe best part is the salads which are order as you desire!
We went on a Friday night and it was busy.  We ordered bugogi and ta su seafood.  Bugogi was on the sweet side and not great.  Ta su seafood was a complete miss, too fried, no flavor.  Each table got 4 side dishes.  The service was decent.
This company was horrible to deal with. We took our vehicle in to be repaired and they continued to call with more work they wanted to do. We had to pay them $600 to get the vehicle back and it still isn't fixed.
I never had any major complaints about Enterprise. Make sure you bring the car back how you left it(as far as gas is concerned) or they will charge you $10, a gallon.
Murphy's has the best atmosphere, patrons, employees, food, beer selection, space, price, drink specials, and Mortal Kombat II on campus.  If we haven't already met, then I'm sure we will at Murphy's.\n\nDefinitely as good as it gets on campus.
Great neighborhood thai place! I had the mint chicken at a 5 level of hottness and could have standed it a little spicier but it was still dang good! I have been here twice and both times it was almost empty, not sure how it stays in business with the lack of customers, but I wish it luck!
nice lobby. nice hotel. very slow internet. I realize it is free, but you shouldn't market it as a freebie if it can't be sold otherwise. Definitely no high speed at this hotel.
Crazy high ripoff prices!
Very rude..... Will never drop a dime in there again.  The manager lacks the ability to be a manager.....maybe he should work in fast food!
Celebrated 33 years of my sister n husband's marriage.  Food, Service and Atmosphere could not have been better
Total chick show. Took the wife, she loved it. It wasn't too bad. I some what followed the show and didn't zone out too bad. Wives and girlfriends will love it.
great tapas!!! but do not go hungry unless you are ready to drop a few bucks. food was amazing the short rib paella fantastic the hanger steak fantastic. We have been to his place in The Bazaar and it is equally great
R.I.P. Hometown Buffet
This place is huge. You can get wore out just from walking all the stores. I think is 3 stories.
Food  was good but our waitress was terrible  Therefore the experience was not good.  i would not go back anytime soon Hire better people who want to work there Giada
The venue is way smaller than the one in New York. But you still have a lot options to choose from, and people are friendly there.
It's not bad, it's a good place to grab a quick meal. Service is also friendly
Even though the line to get in was long, the service was on point and super fast. Food was excellent as well! Definitely recommend the veggie egg rolls and pad thai.
Great service from the kids at the counter. Great flavor on all the meats! If you dine in they ask if you need anything and if you do need something it is done with a smile! I wish there was one on every corner! I highly recommend everyone try it at least once.\nThey are closed on Monday's.
Just OK. Restaurant...overcrowded with 25 minute wait.  Burger...overdone. Experience...far from over the top. Maybe it was an off night? IDK...
Lots of stores, lots of choices.\nFrom luggage, to Brooks Brothers, to underwear, you can find it here.\nGood mix of stores, from higher end brands, to random stores.\n\nParking is good, and plentiful.
The burgers are FANTASTIC. The staff could be a bit more pleasant, but the food is so yummy that I'm willing to overlook their indifference. :)
This is the worst of the chain in the area. Weights never re-racked and equipment is beat. Place is filthy people leave paper towels and plastic water bottles every where. Rest room always smells as bad as it looks.
Great steak fajitas!!! I was super hungry after a night of cocktails & craps..I like the liveband and the decor, we'll def be back next time.
Place vide et la music joue super fort .... meme trop fort pour le rien . Tu te crie ds les oreille toutes la soiree!
Went back here for a few days, was in G10 penthouse, could not sleep tell 2 am , to loud outside, music blasting, bad room for sleeping,
Love the food and service. My only complaint is the portions of pizzettes. They looked like a dish from the kids' menu. Octopus was great. It is must try dish.
I enjoy the small hometown feel of the restaurant.   Food is decent and prices are good.
Went there today for a Brazillian... my lady was krys definitely made an impression very gentle and meticulous .. will definitely come back
good locals casino but the staff are rude and grumpy....is it so hard to smile? ill still come back because it has great food and movie theater is pristine but the dealers need an attitude check
I've had the worst food going experience at this place. The food kept me up all night puking. Never will I come here again. From the reviews I've read, it sounds like its not a very clean restaurant. I'd also like to see a health inspection here.
We really enjoyed our visit. LOVE the Wisconsin products and focus with a modern twist. We will be back when in Madison!
Cheap ingredients?  Bad recipe?  These cookies were a huge dissapointment. Kind of reminds me of the chocolate chip cookies sold 40 at a time in a clear, plastic clamshell in the bakery of a grocery store.
This place is not the same anymore.... Waited about an hour to get mediocre food... even the atmosphere is pretty lame now.
Was an Ok experience, love the picnic tables however not the dirt.  Not sure there is much you can do about the flies being outside.  Would really like to see an area to refill coffee instead of standing in line at the food window behind several people
Went there for the first time last night. Coming from a local that's tried a few amazing BBQ restaurants in town, this is definitely #1. The owner dusty was awesome and came around talking to all his customers. I will be returning!!
This is a good lounge that is off the beaten path. The atmosphere is good here. I had a few drinks and ate the food. The drinks where great and the food was good. The service was good and the food came out fast.
Even though Chin's was relatively inexpensive and decent, I wouldn't go there for good Chinese food. It was the 'noodles and company' of Chinese, very Americanized. It is a good place for college kids, like myself, to go and eat, hang out, but definitely not the best i've ever had.
My fatty Koala friend loved this place.  Koalas like vegetables and salads with fish.  The ingredients here are very fresh.  This place made me feel like I was in Berkeley.  Gross.  The mushroom pizza was delicious paired with my strawberry salad.  After dinner I felt too healthy so I ate a block of butter for dessert.  Fatties rule!
Speaking as someone who does not eat meat ever/very often, I am not impressed with the food as my options are extremely limited.  I am impressed with the atmosphere and beer selection. If  I lived closer, I'd hang out here.
They are no longer here!
dinner is ususally good but last week my wife had a hair on the lemon garnish and the waiter just picked it off with his hands...gross.  WE insisted on another entree.  Nothing was credited or offered.
I love this place.. I don't know all the staff, but Steve and Monica are awesome.  You can't help but feel comfortable there.  Some bars only cater to their \"regulars\" but these folks are super friendly to everyone.  I will definitely be back.  Oh yeah, the food was good too!
The guy that's always checking people out is on crack or something. Don't ever mention anything about working. He will not stop complaining about the company.
I absolutely love Scottsdale gun club!!! The staff is extremely helpful and friendly. Ladies shoot free on Monday nights ;)
This place is fantastic. they have a restaurant inside the grocery store. very good food.
I've never tried tacos at an authentic place and I loved it! I would definitely come here again if I come to Vegas again. My favorite was the beef, but I loved the beef tongue as well. Try the spicy pork too! And the $10 fries are huge. They could definitely feed 3 people.
I'm not a fan of the cilantro rice. everything else is pretty good, my favorite is the chicken quesadilla. the customer service is always awesome. the ordering line can get kinda long but it moves pretty fast. they dont have any booster seats or high chairs for kids, so thats a bummer.
After going today, I realized that I'm over this place.\n\nLooking back, I have only ever bought two things here in 10+ visits. They must send the cool men's donations somewhere else.
This bar has a very modern and nice interior. While here, we had a Citrus Mojito. The drink was large, fresh and tasty.\n\nThey have a limited draft selection for beers, but have a large bottle selection for the beer drinker.
Favorite bar! Always up to try new places and venture out of comfort zone and this was definitely the gem to find. Tender was nice, atmosphere was fun, and throw back board games while enjoying happy hour? Sold. Will be back soon
Did not get to eat in as they were packed when lunch was catered at work their pita bread was nice and warm-delishus!
Comfort food at a low price. This place is packed consistently for obvious reasons so be prepared to wait because seating is limited.
Very nice friendly staff!!
it was just ok
Great location. Only issue is some of the staff they have had working there have fried hair or washed out bad color jobs. So when you go to buy product and they want to help or give advice it's hard to except it. Makes you feel like uuuummm did you do that to yours yourself ......
The food is good, I usually go for the ultimo burrito.  They have a nice fresh salsa bar with peppers and limes.  They also give you a bag of chips to snack on with your food, which is nice while you wait for them to make your food.
damn fine! I was cold as hail in this place, and my fingers got nice and grubby, and the guy working was hella helpful, nice, and knowledgeable. cheap records! hipsters stay away! see you next year Resale! Hope you're still there!!
I hate to brag about this place because I want it all to myself and my husband but we love this place!  They honor the Harkins drink cup. Their prices are cheaper than other theaters and it's never to crowded.  The screen is high def and nice leather reclining chairs.  There is nothing bad about this place.
One of my Fav Sushi joints to eat at. I go there for lunch all the time. I have never had this 18% gratuity thing added to my bill so it must be for Dinner only.
They used to be so cool. Took money out of my account for late fees. Never notified me, never called NOTHING. This used to be a great place now  after years of supporting them i have had enough of argumentative cashiers acting mean.
Save your money and go to the freezer section of your local grocery store. Some of those are far tastier. \nYou can call yourself NY all you want but no one in NY would ever eat this distasteful cardboard.
Some people love this place, but there is absolutely nothing special about it to me. I like their shrimp with lobster sauce but it doesn't strike me as being extra tasty. I have no real complaint about what I've had there, and I've tried several dishes, but nothing is especially memorable.
Honestly I will NEVER come back to this place, not only was I over charged for some nails that were TOO thin, 3 nails broke in less than two weeks. The woman I went to was very rude. I'm so disappointed.
Best ice cream in town, the Kitchen Sink sundae was phenomenal.  The staff is so energetic and have so much pride in their products.  Be careful as this place is habit forming!   :  )
Ramen is good not your typical ramen but very tasty. The decor reminded me of \"A Clockwork Orange\" which is cool but the seats with no backing got old quick.
Pure Plumbing is efficient, professional and reasonable. My reverse osmosis system was hissing and Mike and Travis not only fixed the problem but gave me much needed advice regarding other plumbing issues that as a new homeowner I needed to know. I was very happy with this company and would definitely use them again.
Decent and cheap haircut with friendly stylists. They cut me a little shorter than I would have liked but pretty good for $14.
It was a nightmare dealing with the staff!!! It took a week to get my refund for a return that I did. I had too go talk to the store manager and he gave me the guest relations number. Pretty disappointed with this experience specially when there are so many other department stores
If there was a place I'd reenact the scene  from pretty woman where they snob her out of the store and she comes back and says \"BIG MISTAKE!\" It would be in one of these stores. \n\nYou shouldn't judge customers by the cover, you end up losing business.
Been here couple of times. Very nice environment, friendly bouncers, never waited in line, very friendly crowd :)\nthe dance floor is huge and you can dance in the pool if your heels are killing u..
Dry&cold. Doesn't get any worse then that. Fry's were hot but definitely  not fresh.
This is just the kind of place Mike and I love with indoor and outdoor seating, friendly staff and good coffee and tea and free wifi. \nServing some hot and cold foods as well it's a great place to hang out.
Overall excellent sushi. As a NY'er and a foodie and a sushi snob I fully endorse this place.\nDecent to good service.  Fresh fish.  Creative rolls. This has become my go to place.
i absolutely love love love this place the mushroom burger is to die for!
They carry a good selection of soy sauces and have decent prices for bulk rice. Do note that there is a $10 minimum on debit/credit card usage.
Love coming to this GNC!! They stay fully stocked and I have NEVER seen a supplement store fully stocked. The staff is so knowledgeable and recommended the right supplements for what I wanted to achieve. They also give great advice!! A+A+A+A+
Pure magic. While the shop boasts a fantastic jewelry collection, the classes are really the rabbit that's pulled out of the hat. Shauna is so full of energy and encourages you to explore your inner artist, whatever that means to you. Music, beverages, crafts. It's a tripod of\na good time.
The pizza was very delicious and the bacon chocolate gelato sounded strange to me at first but was very worth it. I would come to this place more regularly if the menu wasn't so pricey.
Our office eats Stephano's almost once a week and it's awesome. I've never had a bad lunch from Stephano's and they have quick delivery
There are days when the line at Starbucks is just too long and I need caffine - this place has it!\n\nPretty decent coffee and fresh pastries.\n\nService is quick.
So-so pizza.  There's definitely better pies in town.
This was GOOD! The seafood was fresh, you had to fight for good pieces of lobster but the crab was plentiful!  Fresh oysters were super small but the prime rib and everything else I ate was on point.  They even had a nice gelato and plenty of cookies for a great dessert! I will be back!!
Stuck with a poorly made 185.00 lamp.  Really frustrating to me. I can't believe the owner refused an exchange.    Very poorly made lamps.
Huge line to get in at 5:30 on a Saturday night (they open at 4).  Unclear service arrangements, small menu, accordeon player.  Located in a small mall not far from the other German restaurant in Mesa.  Not Germany but an ok substitute.
Whenever I go to Egg Works, which is often. I always want Chris SanAgustin to be my waiter. He is courteous and very attentive. He greets me pleasantly and even remembers my order, as I always eat the same thing. I believe he deserves a trip to Disneyland! Best waiter ever!
Tasty yet unmemorable brunch here with slightly inattentive service. No real complaints, but no real praises either.
Amazed by the variety of choices. Dim sum is available. Tasty and authentic. The only concern is the unsanitary look.
I am not a vegan, but I could eat here everyday!  Great quality and delicious. Very friendly staff!
Awesome pizza. Real mozzarella. Owners are great. Best place this side of Charlotte.
This place is the worst Vietnamese restaurant that I have ever experienced. The soups/pho was so bland and all the other dishes that I had were horrible. With all the other businesses going belly up I am surprised this one has not bitten the dust yet.
This place is a joke. They have one person in the office. She is trying to check everyone in and do all the testing. I was the second in line when they opened and I waited two hours to get a 5 minute test. If you have time on your hands this is your place
Solid mom and pop Italian restaurant!!
It's Panda Express, so you pretty much know what to expect. Pretty decent, if a little greasy, food. However, this particular location is a bit unusual in that they don't give you free ice water like every other Panda does. Instead you're offered the chance to purchase overpriced bottled water.
I went for their lunch buffet and was expecting a buffet. It was a few dishes and the honey chicken turned my mouth into a glue trap. Haven't been back since.
Came to Gordon for some yummy pizza and beer. I enjoyed myself greatly. Our food and drinks came out quickly. My friend and I had a wonderful server who was very attentive and made sure we had everything we needed. She was helpful with assisting us with our beer choices. I will come back again.
Sad to say this place is now closed.
My personal favorite!
Ordered a Red Dragon (minus the Crab mix add additional Spicy Tuna) (Great - this one was my Favorite) and the Tuna Lovers (Good) - the fish was fresh and both rolls were very tasty! I'll be back!
Had an awesome experience! Just moved to the area and was looking for a coffee shop and they came up so thought I'd give them a try!! I'm glad I did!!
Was a little worried when my husband and I decided to eat at Tana. The place was empty on a Saturday night. Well, even though the place was empty the food was really good. Looking forward to going back.
This is a great place to see a show. \n\nCould use more restrooms.
Pretty sure this is not closed, since I go here all the time. I am a big fan of the Pharmacy and the Pharmacist (Brian) is a very cool guy, knows his stuff, and gets things done! Overall I would give the Pharmacy 2 Thumbs Up!
Friendly service good thon crust pep n sausage
Very good food and ambiance. Small place but nothing short of excellent food. The banana split was just terrific.
This was a great time and loved the set up of the hotel and casino. The only downside was on how far it was, but heck when you want to get out of town this location is secluded and we enjoyed our stay. I'll be back.
Birthday Party Today Was Awesome!  They did such a great job being hospitable to our large group.  Being out there brought me back to the old days when I use to lace up at our old roller rink back home, except I think this one is three times the size!  Not the best of best neighborhoods but look past that and go!
Service was fast and the food come out quickly, but the food is not very tasty and the prices are ceiling high. If I wasn't too hungry, i wouldn't eat here.
This place is a dump with lowlifes that frequent it. And I saw a cockroach walking on the buffet line. Also a lot of low level prostitutes and drug dealers go there.
Too many tracksuits in the store and not even actual fashion. The staff wasn't very friendly or helpful either (which is rare for a Juicy store). Their selection just seemed overly dowdy.
It was pretty awful waiting to get in here at 11pm. Once in, it was pretty ok dancing and really packed. Standard club, VIP creepers, general creepers but I had a good time. Next time I am not allowing myself to wear crazy heels all day!
Pretty ordinary and disappointing. We are fans of Petite Maison and expected a similar level of care in the BBQ. Instead we had overcooked ribs and way too solid brisket. The waitstaff was good though
Service is great! Prices are great! Portions are a bit on the small side but for the price you can't beat it
Good food, atmosphere and neighborhood gatherings.  Coffee is expensive. Love the Story Slam!
5 words \"i've had better and cheaper\" (shrug)
Elevator ride. Get off elevator. Walk in a big ass circle. Enough said, I just saved you $20. You're welcome :)
Food was okay. Too expensive for what it was.\n\nNo bathroom on the first floor and no ramp to get to it. If you can't walk up and down stairs, don't bother. Also seemed a bit crowded. Meh. I probably won't be back.
COPS COPS and more COPS people getting arrested lots of guns not a safe stay for the family or anyone else for that matter! also rooms smell like smoke
I have been coming here about 2 years now and I see Amanda every time. She is awesome and always versatile when I get a wild hair to try something new.  Prices are comparable for hair.  I can't speak to the other services they offer here but it's a relaxed and comfortable salon.  Happy repeat customer.
Was leaving out of town and realized the front tires had very little tread left. I called, thinking it would be a slim chance we could get new tires so quickly, but they said \"go ahead and bring the car in now\". An hour and a half later we were on the road, good to go!
Slow and had to go get the manager to expedite our order that was sitting in the window \"to go\" even they gave me a table number sign. Lost is all can say. I guess blame it on the rain.
The gold rush, Vegas roll, Alaskan, are the rolls that keep me coming back! I am not a person who loves seafood, but I love Kabuki's sushi. Kubuki is the only place that I eat sushi at! The happy hour is mon-fri 3pm-6pm.
The manager was very unprofessional and rude. 1 star  because the cashier wanted to please the customer and had a positive attitude.
Lots of options and it was all yummy.  You also get your drinks (beer &wine too) included as well.  The one negative was the fact that it was a bit under staffed and some items were empty.  For $25 a plate, I expected better.
We live less than a mile away and refuse to eat here anymore. The food is horrible, the service sucks unless you're over 80, we would rather go to Walmart to have dinner. If I give negative stars I would.
Overrated. Not like it used to be. You wait like 2 hours to get food and all the food is just ok. Spend your money somewhere else and spend less time waiting.
Food was pretty good,  and you can't beat the view. Disappointed in the number of options,  but glad to see they have a gluten free menu.
Have bought a number of shoes from Scott.  He is the most knowledgeable shoe person I have ever met.  Great to work with too!  You can't go wrong when you buy from the Nettleton Shop in Pittsburgh.  I go there often and will be purchasing another pair of shoes there very soon.
I don't know how this place has such a high rating. Besides a good wine selection the food is nasty and over priced. They have more wine choices then food choices. The only reason it's getting two stars instead of one is because of the super friendly bus boy.
Lodge is a wonderful neighborhood bar in Southern highlands.  Great bar food and drinks and awesome place to watch football and basketball.  Staff is cool and attentive.  Good happy hour bar food menu.
Ok. They do not have anything vegetarian. Well, unless you want white rice. So, they were friendly and all, but obviously do your research before coming. I ended up ordering a coke before I realized I couldn't eat anything here and then just leaving. Lame!
Fried green tomatoes is excellent. Family feast from the menu is a must. Service needs some improvements though.
Don't try to call for delivery because you will only get the run around. Call for pick up and be sure to order the double burger pizza. It's surprisingly awesome
We ordered the all u can eat Sushi, which means we can order whatever we want to eat. However they intentionally slow to make the food. When we ask why it was so slow they were really rude. It took us 2 hour and half just for 3 sushi roll. When we pay, they add 20 percent tip!!! Never go again
I came here for a staycation and couldn't be happier. The room is fabulous and the hotel exceeds my expectations.  Food court is a hot mess. Eat before you get here.
Rude security but great beer.
A good hotel choice and good nights sleep. \n\nThis is another one of the hotels we've stayed at while looking for our house in north Scottsdale. The service was friendly at the front desk and by all employees. The room was nice and comfortable and the continental breakfast good. Oh, yeah the price was very competitive.
Had the \"Mediterranean Salad\" it was soggy and the chicken was from a can. No flavor very dull. For $26 I expected a much better quality of food. At the least grilled chicken and fresh lettuce.
Seared Ahi Salad and Frozen Hot chocolate. .to balance out the caloric intake I start with the Ahi Salad and so my trip here is memorable I always follow it up with the frozen hot chocolate love this place....
Really fun show with awesome special effects, dancing and beach boys music.  Went opening night and they had us rockin in our seats!  Not your typical vegas tired old cirque show, surf is totally worth seeing!
Worst Theater ever - avoid at all costs. \nWell, if you can tolerate the smell, sticky floors, etc., it's actually 50 cents cheaper for students.
Petty good place to hang our , free play on all arcade games it's what makes this place
Came here for breakfast on a Tuesday,  at about 1030, seated right away on the patio. Had the salmon eggs Benedict and the crepe. Also got a side of frites, everything tasted good, service was excellent, affordable. Recommended
And they cater parties. That is how I was introduced to Americas Taco Shop and I love it.
So, I gotta say this place is good.  I never write reviews but I eat here every week.  My whole family loves this place and wether we eat in or pick up its good.  Green chili is hot. Get in there and check it out.
Pizza and salad is good, but the service is average. Good place to hang out in evening just before after the movie!
I've only been twice but both times have been enjoyable and the food is very good! I really like the satay chicken and spring rolls... the Pho is pretty good going up against all the other places... this place has a great fresh smell too- which is nice when you're eating! I highly recommend it!
Off the hook expensive and good.  We rolled in and purchased the A5 Wagyu beef a la carte and it was incredible.    You can argue it was too expensive but the steak melted in my mouth and I could cut it with a fork.    Amazing!
The fish tacos are amazing but I cant pass up on the steak quesadilla
So far the water softener is doing great. Dave's services were well worth it. He was at my house from 8a-2p installing it. Thanks Dave!
Been going here since it was mesa grill. After all is said and done the owners found a winner with this sports . 2 pool tables, beautiful bar, very easy to read simple and delicious menu. \n\nWent here for sunday football and they have the sunday ticket with viewable screens and decent specials.
This place is a blast.  Great atmosphere and the bartenders are a lot of fun. Highly recommend.
Went on Saturday afternoon. Many empty tables but a waiter didn't show up for 10 minutes. Placed entire order and drinks came after 30 more min. When food finally came it was very bland and boring. Everything took forever but the place was not crowded. Not going back
Visited this place (first time) this morning from seeing their advertisement on one of the Fil newspapers. Food was not bad, but the service was bad (server was nice tho).  Something to look into and possibly add more staffs, especially, during lunchtime.
We finally found a south indian restaurant that makes real south indian food! I got to try many dishes that I have never had before, very spicy and super tasty. Menu is mostly dosas but they have just enough of everything else to find just what you want. Sometimes service is slow because it can get really busy here.
awesome awesome awesome, best view in vegas, the staff is outstanding and attentive.. one of the best kitchens in town and its so unique it has a curator !
The tacos al pastor are the best I've had outside of Mexico. If you get an order of fries ($2) it is enough for 4 people.
Stopped by for a take out order. The food was great but the wait was a little long seeing I was the only customer in the place.
Over the past two years I've had my car into Meineke's twice.  Once for brakes another for shocks.  On both occasions only the work that was needed was done.  They didn't try to sell me work that didn't need done.  I found the workers to be professional.
This place is fine. Food is very French, very delicate. However, if you don't want to ruin your night at this place, make sure that you won't order the foie gras. It's terrible. It tastes like crappy ice cream...
This seems to be a busy location, but the service was above average and my order was timely, hot and correct. They have a roving attendant in the dining room to keep everything clean, stocked and provide any additional condiments and/or refills that you might require.
Tasty sandwich . When i eat there another time .. I'll rate again. .. for now the sandwich gets a 5 ..
This practice sends out junk mail and there is no way  to get off.  From now on I am going to write a negative review about everyone who sends me junk mail
Fantastic! My favorite Japanese restaurant in Urbana-Champaign.
Expensive but the taste does not worth the price.
i have not eaten at blackmill, but i love to party here.. i'm not gonna lie, i do not like the music, but after some drinks, who cares! its just got a great vibe and wonderful service behind the bar.. check it out.
One of the 'coolest' restaurants in Vegas. The atmosphere is electrifying. The food is good and it is inside the Fabulous Mirage!
This place is awesome! Fun environment, great cocktails and the food is amazing! I love how you can order so many different items off the menu and just split it with everyone! It's cool because you can try so many new things. App size servings are great!
We used AZ Elite Transportation for a concert. The vehicle was very nice and clean, the driver was very professional and personable, and they were on time! This is the only car service company I will use in Arizona! Excellent service, great price and so easy to book. This is as good as it gets!
Having eaten Japanese food in Japan, Seattle, Little Tokyo I know I had to lower my expectations about eating here. Service is nice but the food is just ok.
I ordered takeout from here. I got an eel roll and a soft shell crab roll. Both were not great and I ended up eating only a few pieces of each and throwing them away. I also got sesame shrimp which was decent.  It was nice to have a slightly healthier option.
I like this place very much, They are very accommodating, very good sushi as well as other dishes. have eaten there 3 times and had been happy every time.
This place is great.Super nice service, wifi and comfortable chairs to curl up in. These things make it a great place to great some homework done. Plus their soup is very delish.
Not. Very good place to be at management sucks
This is a fabulous restaurant!  I took a first date here, and it was a definite score!  The atmosphere was perfect, the wait staff was exceptional, they have the best authentic Greek food I have found anywhere, and on the weekends, they have some great live entertainment that makes the atmosphere even better!  Excellent... 5 stars!
Not surprised that this place wasn't impressive. The food was cold or dry and stale. The salmon sushi had a weird taste to it. The variety of offerings is good but the quality is just lacking.
Permanently closed
One of the best seafood restaurants in the World! great service, pretty nice atmosphere and delicateses from aczotic counters. Was enjoy by presentations with every art food. thx
Amazing chicken avocado Cobb salad .. I would recommend this place to my friends and family ! Also they have the best chocolate chip cookies !
Though I personally couldn't see myself paying 18 bucks to eat a lobster roll, I tried the grilled cheese and it was pretty solid after doing some drinking earlier. My brother got the BLT lobster roll and left satisfied.
They gave me an amazing price and excellent service!
Check out the 1929 Steinway self playing piano. One of two in the world, the other is in the Smithsonian. The piano is valued at 28 million dollars and was willed to the Wrigley Mansion
This place is awesome!  The soups are delicious and homemade.  They people working there make the experience and the paninis are bomb!  Love this place!  What a find!
Big fan of Express.  This location inside the Fashion show mall is slightly smaller than the one at Town Square.  Alas, they still offer all Express clothing and exceptional pricing you come to know and love through Express.
Food was really good, view of market street from second floor was nice, however slow service (10 minutes waiting for the coffee to be made)
Really nice green chili.
Staff nice, but forgetful. The food was cold and bland. Wish I had checked them out here first. No wonder no one was in there.
Overpriced, not that special and always closed. We just go to Max Speed Shop now for way better ribs (and better price amazingly) and we know Max is open!
This is the best botox treatment I have ever had.  I have been getting botox for the last 10 years, and I have had perfect results.  I highly recommend on trying Sue! I am happy I did, and now I will be a loyal customer!
Strolled by this place in the Vons shopping center several times. Finallllllly broke down and tried it one Sunday. \n\nSo worth it. Got the italian sausage with peppers. so delicious and flavorful.\nFair prices great staff. I'll definitely be back.
Turkey avocado sandwich and Caesar salad are really good!!! But the breads all get hard quick
They have a very limited menu, horrible service, and a really pushy staff. I'm sure there are better places out there for cheaper.
$22 pedicure. Usually a wait. Not a huge selection of polishes. Clean, good massage and they color within the lines. Solid 3 stars.
This place is stuck between a sketchy massage place & a head shop so it wasn't hard to decide on thai food considering my other option was either a bong or a rub n tug! Asked for 7 heatwise and it was probably a 3... Food was barely average and they serve no Singha or beer of any flavor
Best seafood restaurant in Vegas? My halliBUTT!!
I love me some Cheba Hut. Great sandwiches all the time and the vibe is soooo laid back. Favorite sandwich is the Midwest Best. Toasted subs are so tasty. Come here as much as you can.
The rooms are so dated for the price.  Feels like I'm in the late 80s or early 90s.  I hate how they have people in the front trying to have you sign up for stuff.  The building is cool on the outside but that's about it.
fun and not to bad on price. We played a round of miniture golf and it was cool that they had 3 different courses. We only did one, but it was fun and an enjoyable day here at Cracker Jax
This is the absolute WORST restaurant I have ever been to. The service is the Worst. The staff is very rude. I was there for dinner the day before Thanksgiving with my family and had a very bad experience. \n\nPlease avoid and try one of the other Indian restaurants on the strip.
Hard to find good Chinese. This place was ok. I will say the service was really good, but the food was just ok.
I had the prosciutto arugula pizza which had a great sauce and flavor.  Service was excellent, but my wife mentioned that her linguine was OK.  The seafood appetizer special was average.
I used to go to the original Hash House all the time and have missed it immensely.  So glad to have one in Vegas now!   \n\nHash was great!  Service was friendly, although a few minor holes.  \n\nPortions were immense and tasty!   I made my meal 2 meals!
Off the strip has the best steak I have ever eaten. The customer service is exceptional. Just a bit pricey.. But u do get what u pay for.
I love this Vegas dive, locals only, you can buy tiki mugs and shirts too
Went out for breakfast on a Sunday morning and decided to give the Iowa cafe another try.  We were sat and ignored.  Other patrons came in, sat, water and drinks served and still no one came by.  We waited ten minutes and walked out.   Done with this place.
Nothing more disappointing then getting bland Thai food. Should have checked the reviews first. The Thai iced is good, hard to screw up but the pad Thai has no flavor. They asked me if I wanted it spicy, said yes, no spice to be detected. Don't waste your money, much better elsewhere.
I have had to downgrade this to a 3 star review because of the terrible service at this location. \n\nThe service is always SLOW, yet I always seem to come back for more, lol. I just can't resist the bar food and cheap drinks.
Unique place, very affordable.  No beer, which is a bummer.  The pulled pork sandwich was very tasty.  However, can't give it any more than 3 stars because it gave me food poisoning.  I think it was just a fluke...but still.
This mall is laid out better than others in the area, but the stores aren't really the best selection for the area.
Not too bad for an unplanned lunch. Cullen Skink soup with a cheesy crust sounds wrong but works surprisingly well. Usual beers on draft and attentive service. No worries about returning here.
The beer selection is great and the food was tasty, but definitely over priced. The entree salads left a few in my party still hungry and they ended up ordering appetizers after their meal. Kind of a strange dining experience. I'd go back for drinks, but probably not for dinner.
Delicious food but poor cleanliness.  The restrooms looked like they weren't cleaned in weeks!
Food is real good. They cook their wings when you order so it's not sitting there allday. I took my daughter and she had the General TSO's chicken and as picky as she is, she liked it.
This is the worst sushi place ive ever been to in my life. Taste awful. service was so slow, one waitress, one sushi chef. will never ever go back or recommend this place.
Everything I've tried is amazing. The owner remembered me the 2nd time in. Super friendly and awesome lemonade with rose water. Def worth trying.
Make sure you plan for a lot of time. The lines are long, then you have to take the train over to the terminal. I do like to play the solts here. I have won as much as 250 bucks on the way out. Few nice places to eat. Great place to people watch.
This place is awesome! \nBest BAR in Charlotte, hands down best atmosphere and great welcoming staff. Seth and Danni Carolina at the bar are awesome! The rest the people are awesome too ;)
This place is great and the service was even better!
Place has great food! Service was slow due to how busy it was but well worth the wait.\n\nHighly recommended place for breakfast!
Very good food.  I went twice and both times the food and service was excellent. Avoid the franchise joints and check out this great little place.
Very over priced, food isn't bad but just not worth the price. Service left something to be desired as well. Won't go back again.
Awesome atmosphere, good drink (Hard palmer)
Store is clean and the employees friendly. The food is always good here but I only get the fajita ranchera burrito, so take that for what it's worth.  \n\nMake sure you get the qdoba card so you can get a free meal every so often.
One of my best dining experiences in Vegas.  About as European as a restaurant can get on this side of the Atlantic.  Entrees, wine, port, cheese tray, Cafe Americano.  Man, it was all good.
Delicious. Hip. Nice 25% off happy hour 3-6pm. Even family friendly, they gave us some tofu cubes for our one-year-old. We were the only ones there on a Weds afternoon, but the rolls took a little too long to make for just the two of us.
GREAT steaks, prepared just the way it was ordered. Highly recommend the Portabello mushroom steak. Fast, friendly service.
Ripoff!!!! They advertise 1/2 off rolls on Sunday- not really... $95 later we left. Pissed off and will never go back again!!!! No wonder you have no customers.
Pretty damn good! Prices aren't bad, spicy rolls are actually spicy! I would definitely going there again.
This little smokey hole in the wall is a really cool spot.  The decorations are what bring everyone here.  Every inch is covered and it is something to be seen.  If you are in the area at Christmas time it shouldn't be missed.
Great show! Every segment (new dummy) was entertaining! Kept it current interjecting a bit with Idol's Pants on the Ground song. Make a Wish was there and Terry did something very special for a young boy.\n90% of the show was similar to his DVD but well worth seeing it in person.
I've been a client ever since they opened. Michelle does an amazing job on my short, curly hair. I just had it highlighted for the first time and it looks wonderful. Salon VIP's staff is friendly and professional.  I highly recommended Michelle.
Adam tinted my car windows last week.  He was very professional.  He returned my phone call quickly and set up an appointment to come to my house.  Prompt, courteous and did a great job!  My car looks amazing. \n\nHighly recommend!
Service was slow and the burger came out on a soggy bun.  Asked for a fresh bun but took forever so ended up just eating the meat.  Also, the place was super hot.  Everyone at our table was sweating.  Maybe they were just having a bad night but I wouldn't go back to this place after this experience.
Fast cars. I hoped for less sharp turns to hit them faster. Use a coupon or you will get charged high prices for one lap. Long wait! Check in first then go somewher else while you wait!
Got seated outside without a heater on a patio by ourselves. The service was incredibly slow and they still messed up my meal. Had to ask repeatedly for water, butter and a heater. They never brought a heater and we felt like we were afterthought and a bother rather than valued customers. Will definitely NOT be going back.
ugh if they could get the drink right more than once it would be okay\n\nit's like they don't even care - next\noh is your drink wrong sorry - next\nwhat you want me to make it right - next\nplease wait again while I remake it after all these other drinks - next
Decent BBQ, but atrocious service. Waited in line for nearly 30 minutes for no real reason. When I finally got to the cashier, I didn't even receive all of my food. Food isn't good enough to justify service this bad.
One of our favorites... Great service, delicious food \n, and nice ambience.. Perfect for date night
This hotel was just terrible. The room they checked us into had fixtures falling off the wall, no phone and no working light! When we complained, they put us in a room not much better. Would rather camp in the parking lot!
We waited a 1/2 hour;  there were empty tables, I guess reserved.  The service was great when we got the waiter, Xavier.  Food was good when the Chef got it right .  Dishes are small, they recommend appetizers.  If u are hungry do not go here.  Nice ambiance.
Mmmmm. Never disappoints.  Kind of small restaurant, definitely has that hole in the wall feel. There is a Quiet staff, but that's okay, they aren't rude or anything, I much rather be busy eating my yummers! Pho beef, so delish. No complaints from me!
Had lunch. Food was good. Had their special salad. Service was great. Not hovering so we could talk.
the best food\npastrami, you need two people to eat it\ntheir breakfast is amazing, especially the chicago scramble\ntheir cream cheeses are homemade\ntheir bakery is amazing\nthey give military discounts every day\nthe owner lovey is wonderful
The burrito I had was way too expensive, small, and bland. If you like burritos, don't get one here.
awesome watermelon tea!!!
Fantastic! Couldn't agree more with Shona, Emma puts you at ease from the word go and makes the whole experience as pain free as is possible! Looking forward to coming back for my pre-holiday de-fuzz and nails! Highly recommend :)
THIS PLACE IS A COCKROACH HAVEN!!  If you love having cockroaches in your bathroom, garage, front yard, kitchen and even at the pool live here!! This place should be condemned!!!!!
Waked by there this evening and put in a to go order.  Took a nice walk and picked up our fish burrito, fish tacos and spinach and potato empanadas.  Yum!
Vip Gold Member here! treat me well! wahooo!!!! :)
Very friendly and kind staff. Lay did a wonderful job on creating my Christmas nails and she was so funny and genuine!\n\nClean interior, great prices ($25 for a basic gel manicure is unheard of on my side of town!) and warm and welcoming people.\n\nHighly recommend!
This place always has great food and great service.  Last night I had the Basil chicken, Thai hot, which was very good.  I would eat here everyday if I could!
I have been a client of Leslie for almost 3 years now. She is truly the best stylist I've ever had. She takes her time and pays attention to every detail. Since I have curly hair my hair is hard to cut and her patience and attention to doing it right makes her the best in my book.
Mmmm. LOoove me some Amazing Wok. The dumplings are supergood as is the General Tso's and egg drop soup, and they deliver to us! And fast too! Yummm-o. It may be our new Chinese go-to.
They always screw up the order, especially on take out!
Your usual overpriced, overrated, overcrowded nightclub. We were promised free drinks. When we got there they told us that the free drinks special promotion ended. There are much better places to go in Vegas.
Best.  Mussels.  Anywhere.  It's just that simple, although in addition, the drinks and the bartenders are terrific and all the food I've tried has been superb.  But Oh!  Those mussels!
This is my go to Chinese food joint. Their sesame chicken is so incredible and also the crab puffs are amazing. They always seem to really appreciate my business when I come in. I will definitely visit again in the future.
Great placurbae for country & current club hits. The coolest feature besides the mechanical bull is the second floor. They have a opening were you can watch everyone dancing on the dance floor.
The food was delicious. Service was excellent. They offer Japanese food in a tapas style. So everything you order is in small portions & meant to be shared.  I didn't like the extremely casual atmosphere. We had a $400 dinner in a Chipotle like atmosphere.  It was just weird.
Horrible experience overall. Went a year ago and still dealing with billing issues.  Called and made an appointment well in advance and still waited over 2 hours to see anyone.  I would not recommend this office.
We went there for lunch and were impressed.  Our service was friendly and prompt and the food was good.  I wish they had a larger menu but we were satisfied.
I highly recommend this shop! They went out of their way to fix my unique lamp that required extensive repairs & still kept it within my budget. They are very honest & have integrity in their work. A very pleasant find. I can't say enough good things about them!
Nothing to see here
this place is awesome. they have excellent combo meals esp for lunch the prices are ridiculously low! great value. the food is very yummy and they give generous portions for great prices. love this place.
if one of your signature cocktails is a Moscow Mule and your menu specifically says it comes in a copper mug, it shouldn't come in glass or plastic. I've experienced both from this place. serve the drink the way it's indented to be served.
This is a beautiful theater. It can be very busy because it is on the strip but it is very clean and in a prime spot for meeting up with friends. I will definitely be going back to see more movies here. There is so much to do before and after the show.
Excellent food and great service.  Went with 4 other people and we sampled a number of things from the menu from the brisket to the green beans -- all good.  \n\nThe free ice cream is a nice touch.  It especially helps cool the mouth down after you've been inhaling some of their hot sauces.
Ordered pizza from the 4 different times only once was my order right and the last time I got a moldy dessert.
One of the best buffet in east mesa. My kids love it. Reasonable price for everyone. I would recommend this place.
Had a selection of appetizers and it was all yummy.  The decor is amazing!  Friendly service, too.
Great salad bar. I was disappointed that they don't have the chicken and salmon additions to the salad any more. The soups were good and so was the bread. The pasta selection was very bland and unappetizing.
My in-laws were in town last week so we went here for lunch...and then came back for dinner!  Each meal was fabulous.  The wait staff was attentive and the environment was beautiful.  We'll definitely be back.
Great staff, terrible sandwich... I did make the whole sandwich into a decent half of a sandwich... Not enough turkey.... It's a sandwich it's not that hard
I really wanted to like this place. I heard so much about it. I also went there for the view of the fountain of course (that part was great). But the food man... my goodness the food! I expected so much more. More flavors and creativeness. It did not impress me at all.
Breakfast is all pre-cooked.  Ham boiled.  Ordered bacon well but it comes however it is cooked prior.  No special orders here.  Not that cheap either.  Just fast, that's all!
Terrible! I ordered buddha's feast and it came as a bunch of vegetables with no sauce and no moisture. Awful.
Amazing! Seriously amazing! From the amuse to the banana cream pie, everything was utterly delicious. We started with the  steak tartare and the crab and shrimp Louis. We then split the American Waygu ribeye and the lobster. Hands down the best meal ever!
THey are soooooo slow every time we go to the drive through window. We have decided to change pharmacies.
free rotations and tire repairs - and it was quick.
Toppings galore! NO argument here. Tasty? Forget it. This really makes me sad because its a newer biz in my hood and I wish those only success. NO parking! Gal behind counter could have cared less if I was there. Her book must have been fascinating! Lots of competition. Will not return.
I tried Fuego almost 2 years ago...hopefully it's better now.  They won awards for their mojitos so I  excited to try one. Yuck.\nFood was lukewarm and the mashed potatoes tasted like band aids. I don't know what band aids taste like but that would be my guess.
I love, love, love this place!! My nails always look fabulous when I leave there, and I'm picky about my nails. This is the only place I will go! They are wonderful!!!
1 out of 5 dishes I ordered was decent.  The rest were horrible.  The one dish was the seabass.  The texture was great, but it was a little bland.  I would not recommend this restaurant.  The resort itself, Encore, is very nice and I enjoy staying there.
Im a huge fan of earl of sandwich after a night of dancing. First of all, they are super fast in making sandwiches and super affordable. I like full montage, jerk chicken, the turkey and cranberry one(forgot the name of it) and my most favorite one is hawaian chicken.
The best deck in the burgh, for the gay bars anyway. Great bar though, the food has gotten better recently, and the drinks are always good. Its a good time, and a good place to hang out in the community. Very friendly staff and ownership. Who also really supports the community.
Delicious pizza and very eclectic European beers. They also have good wine and sangria. Try the bread bites they are a little bit of heaven with the pasta sauce they come with. Oven-fired pizza at its best.
For the price this was not worth it. We much preferred the buffet last night at Le Village located in the Paris. That buffet actually cost a few dollars less and was much better. On our first walk around here we were surprised at how few things looked appealing to us. After eating some of the food we were even more disappointed.
I have been taking my two babies here for years, best docs, best staff, wouldn't trust anyone else!
Food is OK, great drinks but staff can't handle large groups.
Great sushi with laid back atmosphere! Happy hour specials are amazing! Love to support local businesses!
This custom cafe is no ordinary coffee lounge. You can really taste the quality of their locally grown beans. From teas to espressos you can customize anything on or even off the menu . If you can dream it they can do it!
We were told a one hour wait ... With no one in the waiting area. And the hostess was incredibly rude and unhelpful. Such a disappointment
I've called Bruce's three times for 3 flip houses I've done in the last year.  Each time, a tech came out the same day at the appointed time and did the job requested without attemnpting to up-sell me on anything.  Highly recommended.
Dont spend ur money here! The burgers were nothing different than Mc Donalds, seriously! The service was terrible, we waited 30 mins for our food to arrive and our waiter barely acknowledged us.
Water shows are like every 30 minutes the only thing that you may not like is that there are a lot of people \"performing\" on the strip here and there's a lot of walking traffic here.
Great fun!  We had a blast watching the performer and the audience participation.  Definitely a fun afternoon, would recommend to all ages.
Rude...all the time...there is something going on with this location. Everyone is rude and angry. I've used the drive thru numerous times and each time...rudeness. I love Dunkin Coffee...I hate this location
The dumplings were good but everything else was meh seating is not very comfortable restaurant was extremely hot Service was okay but the restaurant was very busy restaurant seemed overhyped to me
Maybe I came on an off day but the service was slow, the Swedish pancakes were not fully cooked and the hostess ended up serving us more than the waitress. Don't think I'll be back again.
Hostess was rude, wait staff was poorly trained and seemed overwhelmed, the bathroom was dirty, the food was mediocre and overpriced, the cocktails were watered-down... With so many great places to eat in Charlotte I can't believe this place is still in business.
I didn't know popcorn could be so delicious. Seriously. I have fun hooking all unknowing friends on Dryer's popcorn. They also do out of town shipping and gift baskets.
Great location and service. Gotta try the Sweet n' Spicy Ribs, bomb! The best Nachos in town are here as well. Try the Chili Cheese Nachos asap!!!
The place is filthy!  Sad, since This gym used to be one of the nicest ones. Poor management  or lack of care!  whatever you call it!!  Locker rooms smell so bad that I had to hold my breathe!  horrible!!
Dr. Dembicer is one of a kind. How many Doctors do you know that will travel to your location? He is very knowledgeable and really takes his time to make sure you feel better. I highly recommend him and his services.
Ehhh.......not impressed. Pretty dead when I was in there. The Bands play on the floor.....probably won't be back.
The hotel itself was very nice. Friendly staff, nicely appointed etc. The room was large and the bathroom was very nice. The bad: bed wasn't very comfortable, the balcony door didn't close completely making for a howling sound all night long and we weren't told about the perks that came with the resort fee
One yuppie somehow got the notion that In N Out Burger was cool. He/she convinced two more yuppies this was true. Now every yuppie in town believes it is cool to say In N Out Burger is good. \n\nTruth be told , it is average.
This is going to be short and sweet. There is a nice selection of rental agencies at this location. I would look into rewards programs for particular rental agencies like Hertz or Enterprise as it may speed up the process for you.
price adjusted, the best restaurant in vegas andl a top contender overall.  owner/chef lee came out to talk to people; he is an extremely nice guy who clearly cares about your experience.  fresh, large sashimi cuts, lunch specials, happy hours.
place is neat and clean. Arepas were good and the grilled chicken is got to be one of the best deals in town! not sure about the ribs...go to Lucilles for those. the drinks were amazing! i was told that they are opening a gelato place soon next door. About time for some good gelato place
This place is adorable! It's the small and cozy kind of place you expect to see in a Hallmark Christmas movie. And it's the kind of place that you can easily find yourself becoming a 'regular'. The staff were really nice,service was fast and the food was delicious and cheap. I will definitely be back!
Staff isnt too friendly until they know you are about to purchase. \n\nTons of selection! \nLots of mirrors!
Awful service. Brought me my check before I received any food.
We love breakfast, brunch, lunch, and happy hour here. Service is always great. One of our favorites. Yeah Bloody Mary's.
The food was delicious like always, but the service was terrible by chubby waitress who wears glasses. Everything else was great.
Great drunchie spot. I think Joe's is better tho.\n\nI actually have a collection of pictures of people who have fallen asleep at Gus'. Maybe I'll upload them later, lol.
This Wendy's is REALLY SLOW at getting food out. The food is pretty standard for Wendy's, but the service is SUPER SLOW. Also, this tends to be the dinner spot for a lot of the homeless from around the area- so carry some loose change.
Pretty great pizzas! A bit pricy but you are paying for quality here not quantity. It's delicious!
gross,soooo oversalted, fatty,unhealthy and overpriced.
I enjoyed their bacon Bloody Mary!  The portions here are outrageous! I recommend doing any of the hashes!
WARNING...they only want to text message you and they never do what they say they are going to do...don't use smith's appliance repair....they don't do what they say they are going to do!!!!!
This place is the best. I've taken two cats here and now my german shepherd. Wonderful people working here, everyone is very nice. Cheap but without the sacrifice of quality. I'll always recommend this place first to friends and family.
Baja Fish Taco. Try it. Love it. Crave it nightly. Also try their veggie tacos. They have this awesome green guacamole salsa that you should put on everything.
I've been here a couple times for lunch and it's always a good experience. I always get the Ranis thali, it's kind of like a combo plate and you pick two sides. What I love about this place is I've never heard of a lot of the dishes so it's always a surprise:)
Had to down grade Bejing. The Pork fried rice used to be great, now it is old and tired. Seems like they make it the day before or something, Gray in color, not flavorful. The chicken is all thigh meat now and fatty. They are on the band list for now, so sorry Bejing.
Food was ok.  I like the salsa bar they had , but the service was a little slow.  If I had a choice I would still go to Chipotle, but may I give this place another shot.   Also more expensive than chipotle.
Thought we would try it as it just opened. Food was good if pricey for Mexican (3 tacos $12.95). Extremely noisy. You cannot have a conversation ..just eat and out the door. Don't think I would make a point of going back.
First time and last...very dissapointed w service and food not good at all...guess that we are  not coming back. Joe's Crabs is.the best.
Not my favorite.  It was decent but I've had much better.  The Fried Calamari was so greasy and underseasoned.  It was really bad.  We did enjoy the Saganaki and the Sangria.
Great food and our waitress Tammi was wonderful
I had a hot mama and portabella mushroom and it was yummy. The portabella was good taste like beef. And Hot Mana is just that hot. Not too much but enough to say hot
The sushi is really good but the rolls are way too small for the price. Friendly service.
Best pedicure I've had in town - for $22 it cannot be beat. I have never paid a similar price in town and received a hot stone massage. I have found my new spot! Yay!
worst service ever, had to wait 2 hours for our food when we where the only ones there. Dirty, staff is unprofessional. They also didn't have half of the menu instock.
Healthy and refreshing.  The beet appetizer was to die for!  Did not leave the restaurant feeling like I ate too much.   The portions were just right. The only negative comment was the noise level.  It felt like a noisy cafeteria.  We skipped dessert to get out of the din.
Doesn't compare to the real deal but close enough for Vegas. I got the St. Louis for lunch. The line was long and so was the wait time. The portions are generous and fairly cheap (around $10 per crepe) but there is no overall pizzazz to the food. More quantity over quality.
The food and service was good.   The atmosphere was nil for the tables were too close together and most of the tables were out in the Venetian mall.  My main gripe is that the meal and one drink for the two of us was $100.00. I think a $$$ dollar rating would be more appropriate for the Trattoria.
Excellent.  Have made two visits, great ambiance, food, and service.  The spinach omlette is excllent.  French toast to die for.\n\nThey can be busy, but accurate in estimating wait time.  Outside tables & chairs will be great in warm weather.
can't go wrong here, micheladas, margaritas, beer, tequila, and some kick ass mexican food, tore me up some pink taco! \ncute waitresses, super friendly!
There's really nothing to complain about here. This is a small place off the beaten path with awesome food. The staff is more that adequate and the prices are fair. Perfect lunch place.
5-stars for Pokey Sticks\n\n1-star for crappy pizza\n\n=5-stars because nobody orders the pizza.
Went to Max Market specifically for marinated meat, based on review by Arvin T.  I was told by the store owner that they don't have that and don't provide the service-hmm!
Yum!   Dinned on the Patio last nite,  was very impressed with the Chicken Lollipop appetizers, and  the Bread.......  oh my goodness it was was Soooo good,  the server gave us extra to take home .  The Caesar salad with Chicken perfect.   Will definitely  be back soon
Until Monkey gets internet hooked up, Holley's is the nearby free internet spot before work.  They make great CHAI TEA's, too!
Highly recommend.  They offer free wifi which is unheard of at a Westin level property.  Staff is super helpful.
I enjoyed the pizza!  My son's school baseball team did a fundraiser with them...20% to the team on pizzas we ordered.  I like to do business with a place that gives back to the local community.  Good job!  Will have to go back for the huge lunch pizza by the slice! Looks yummy!
Easy to find, nice atmosphere, really good food, I would return.
This place use to be open for dinner and they had it going on. Unfortunately now they do Breakfast and lunch. Food is good and the service is hit or miss.
I was ignored for the first 10 minutes while kids ran around unsupervised. Place looked dirty and I felt unsafe eating there. Didn't try the food.
I had my doubts, but it was great. The food is made fresh. Appetizers were my favorite part. Pot stickers and egg rolls - delicious!
Well made Sandwiches, I love their bread.
The show was enjoyable and very colorful both the set and the characters.  In all the bf and I enjoyed the show.
Worst manicure/pedicure place in Phoenix. They are done in about 10 minutes and are rude while you're there. The place is dirty also. I went because of the location and I would not go back.
Went to Fez for brunch a week ago and had a great meal. All employees were fantastic and friendly. Definitely will go back.
We used to love this place. Last couple of times we ordered the meat was slimy and undercooked. Very nice people that work there but the place has been taking a turn lately.
overpriced. the food is just ok. the tables don't look very clean. some staff are nice, but some seem to have attitude. it could have been better for this price. a good candidate for Ramsay to come fix.
I'd like to thank Chrissy for making this right. She charged me for the service that I received and I greatly appreciate her excellent customer service. I will now consider AccuTemp for further A/C work.
Utterly disappointed with the food and service at this location.\nWe had Shalimar food in Bay area and expected the same.\n\nThe food was awful, quantity was bare minimum.\nThe service was terrible and the cleanliness is un-describable.
Great service.\nThe food was really good.\nThere were only 5 other tables being served (quiet weekend?)\nA tad pricey.\nToo bad they are in MGM hotel, the sea of drunk people walking by detracted from the ambiance.
Great staff and excellent Vietnamese food. One of my favorite places to dine.
Went here for a company holiday party.  The murder mystery was even themed for our company. Great improv non stop laughter.  The only thing I would say is they need better chefs the food was terrible.  If the food was better I would've gave 5 stars.
Food was good but they had no Thai tea, so I ordered coconut juice. No coconut juice. It didnt help that The food server was kind of a knuckle head.
What a great lunch spot. A nice selection and great service. We enjoyed the turkey club, which included great crisp bacon, and the grilled cheese with tomato & bacon, and fries. The sandwiches were great , and the fries hot and cooked to order. The place was packed and now I know why.
The food was excellent - and the idea of eating without utensils is only awkward at first.  They provide a wonderful flat (but moist bread) called injera that you tear and use to scoop up the incredible food.\n\nIt was great, and I would be definitely go back!
Not worth the 70 steps off the strip..... It sucks
The Wine Studio is now \"Fired Up\", fyi\n\nhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/fired-up-scottsdale#hrid:Gr3IeqT9YIgarxd9FqDd-w
YUMMY! The pasta was very well done. The shrimp were larger than I expected and blended well with the cheese sauce. Definitely better than Olive Garden any day of the year.
Yum! I love this place. The staff always works very quickly and accurately. The place is mostly clean, and the food is great!
Love this place. Great atmosphere and cocktails. Just what Vegas needed.\nWhat's next Moss?
This place was a lovely place to my espresso in the morning before headed off to work.  Their pannini are also quite tasty. My breakfast usually consisted of espresso and the BBC pannini. Come and give this sweet little cafe a try =)
Loved my massage.  The best ever!!!  I didn't know what to expect, but am pleasantly surprised at the relaxing setting and music, private rooms, and great massage.  There's a medium size pool outside for socializing, a small hot pool inside, and a tiny pool cold pool.
I remember why I choose other places over this one because their service is inconsistent sometimes fast sometimes slow n it doesn't matter how busy their are and the biggest one for me is I never feel gratitude from the employees there. Sushi is good I do have to say
Called Frontier movers on the recommendation of several friends. We were swapping houses and needed a company we could trust moving two households in one day. These guys were great! Incredibly hard workers, courteous and fast. Would highly recommend!
They nailed it once again. The cake I ordered was a shar-pei and it was done to specific description perfectly. I think they can handle anything. Drive to Anthem is well worth it and not that bad. Staff is so nice too.
She is the first accurate psychic I met. I did the tarot cards and picked 10 cards. Then without me saying anything she was able to accurately describe my situation. I went with my friend and hers was accurate too. It was only 25 for the tarot. Next time I will go do the tarot and palm combination for 40.
Great resource for the first steps in Vegas.   So many helpful people to get me all I need to get set up.   Complete computer use.  Good printers.   I started my job the day after arriving in Vegas and this was the first stop and I am so happy.
I tried the thin crust and had it delivered during the week in the early evening.  It is decent pizza and I would eat it again.  I still like a couple other places in the area better.
Been coming here for many years .. Main reason i keep coming is because the great  service , honesty  & reasonable pricing.
I like this pastry place a lot! Their pastries are light and fancy. \nNot overly sweet comparing to other places. \nThey are also very delicate. \nSome of the pastries have very unique flavours.
In and out in just a few minutes. As others here said, $2 off for mentioning Yelp. Easy, and the guy was friendly.
I went here with a group. They had a ton of good authentic Korean food. There portions are nice. I would say that I liked there bulgogi pizza and sweet potato fries the best. The latter is more of like a dessert with how it's made.
AZ Best On-Time Movers damaged and scratched several of our furnishings.  I am not unreasonable and understand that accidents happen;  However they would not return my calls or do anything to resolve the issues.  Truly horrible customer service.
I am from Vancouver BC, never been to Dunn's before showing up here on a cold snowy night.\n\nI was really impressed with the smoked meat. Now I need to go visit the one we have on Seymour St. I didn't know we had.
This place rocks!  We got the VIP package with 6 friends. Jamie was our personal host and she was so nice (and pretty :) and explained everything so well. We shot 4 guns and got some bonus rounds of ammo. The guys showing how to shoot were very professional and kind. I highly recommend this place!
I have had some horrible dentist experiences and just wanted to say that my visit with this office was a breath of fresh air. Every staff member was extremely nice, professional, and very personable which made my visit even more comfortable. Thank you everyone for the great experience! Would highly recommend.
You have to know what to go for here. If you fill yourself up with their bland pseudo-Italian/Mexican/Asian offerings you will be disappointed.\n\nOn the other hand, endless crayfish and beef ribs? Yes please.\n\nThere is also a wide selection of desserts.
Is this place ever open?!  I've gone twice in the past month during their supposed business hours, and it hasn't been open.  What a waste of a drive!  I'll update my review when/if I finally get to try it.
This place is good but not great. With a location like the bellagio, greatness is expected and noodles falls flat. I ordered the Chilean seabass, and It was somewhat bland. Some of the dishes on other diners plates looked much tastier, so my review may be tainted.
Salt salt salt!! Average service but the food was just tasteless and terrible for the $270 bill we received. Very disappointing!
It's ok.  I love their soup.  The egg foo yung patties are terrible.  But they do have great sauce and fresh veggies.  The staff is nice.  I am just not blown away by the food.
Was not impressed, ordered the wonton soup, noodles smelled old and the wontons did not taste good. Nice servers though.
Not bad for the price you pay. Spacious rooms, beds, clean, quick service. I just hate that all their toiletries smell like men's cologne.
DO NOT send your loved one here!!!! The most unprofessional unethical uneducated administration EVER!!!! May Abby & Bina enjoy the bad karma coming your way. Absolutely AWFUL demons
Unbelieveable Noise.  Dirty floor. Everything's extra even the sides .. Even if side comes with your entree. 44.00 for two ..mediocre sandwiches and Two beers... Not going back....Meh...
The best Mexican food I've ever had. The street tacos are the best. Good friendly service too. Small though so hard with big groups.
I was expecting the service to be below average according the previous reviews below, but the service I received at Icy Juicy was great.  I received my boba drink in 3 mins and my drink was delicious.  I will be getting my boba on at Icy Juicy moving forward =)
Good food, poor (attitude), but speedy customer service. Try it, but don't expect the help to be too friendly.
I had a burger. It was... A burger!
The original roastbeef sandwich is the one to get.  The italian deli was just ok, I had better
Southwest so-slow.
Over-priced and over-rated!  So disappointed.  In from San Diego and had heard good things.  Setting is cute, food is mediocre.  Short ribs fatty, moules, too much rosemary, salmon, fine, wine selection limited.  Chocolate souffle probably best part but at $200 would not recommend.
The game was great and the the crowd was fun.  The vendors are always in the way, they are rude and they really don't care if they prevent you from watching the game.    I would like to see them move the team out of Cashman field and to Summerlin then maybe the vendors will be better.
Good brunch fare, nice atmosphere, and trendy decor. Service was friendly and attentive, food was good, lacked a little seasoning. Will return.
Good store, clean and friendly employees.
Service was great! I love the garlic sauce...it/s the best!
This sushi is the best in town!! My whole family loves to go here. They have the best rolls in town. I highly recommend the Lisa Lisa, the spicy tuna, and the Screaming Orgasm. The Korean barbecue is amazing!!
in 05, my bf and i went there with someone we met. the person paid for us and it was such a great experience! i think red sea is pretty price, but we'd like to try other hookah places for a better price. it would be awesome to find other people who enjoy smoking hookahs.
Visiting a family member a Spring Valley Hospital. Nice place, food is above average and price is fair. There is a welcome feeling, just what we needed tonight.
Best experience in Las Vegas.   Great service, Incerdible food and of course great wines...  I look forward to going back again..
Love this place!  Food is fresh with flavor.   Drinks are refreshing.  Vegan and vegetarian menu has a solid selection.  Great decor, which gives a wonderful feel to the experience.
food was ok.... nothing special more of a tex-Mex rather than authentic Mexican food. It was actually pretty cheap but also food was flavorless. Service was ok. Place was nice and clean. Don't think I'll be going back.
Underwear for $1 and bras for $10?!?! Yes, please!*\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*Disclaimer: Only in the sale section, and only if you can locate your correct size.
CIBO has some of the best pizza you will find in all of Phoenix. It is located in a renovated historic home which has a lot of charm. Always good service and a location that is central.
Get the bean & cheese chimi. It will never disappoint. Now, I need to go have some Elmer's...
I say... It's ok. Not bad.
Cannot believe this place was on DD&D! Poor service and the saurbratan was flavorless and tough. Will never be back!
Amazing patio at night! Perfect for relaxing! I love that it is in the heart of Tempe, but doesn't feel like it! The veggie burger & Kiltlifter are heavenly! The Oatmeal Stout is perfect for winter!
Great place and it's always good but definitely need more staff or more efficiency in executing orders to handle the business coming in. I've been waiting 30 minutes for a milk tea with no boba and I'm still waiting.
Horrible service. No chips, no service, no nothing. Just waited for 15 minutes. I am so sad that this place has gone down so much. I have never experienced a lack of service as I did today. I do not recommend this location to anyone. Go to another nearby Mexican restaurant - maybe you'll at least get noticed there.
Delicious and the staff was very nice
Great place for thin pizza and pool. Tuesday are half off and well worth it!! DO NOT go to the \"new\" Jupiter's at the Crossing (see my review). Sausage and pepperoni pizza is my favorite here.
Fantastisk kj\u00f8ttmat! Perfekt stekt i alle varianter, og digg tilbeh\u00f8r. Gode viner og deserter ogs\u00e5!
I've gotten several very nice pedicures at DV.  The place isn't fancy but it's clean, the staff is friendly, and they offer good prices.
I placed an order for two, didn't receive a single napkin and also received the wrong flavor of donuts. It was your typical poor fast food experience. I'm not encouraged to return for another visit.
Dawn is great!  Got my nails done before my Hawaii trip!\nGonna celebrate the New Year with my awesome copper glittered nails!!!
Sandra is the reason to come to this place. Wherever Sandra is I go because not only is she best nail tech, she's a funny person who always makes my time there worthwhile. Do yourself a favor and book with Sandra! Message: miz.sandra@yahoo.com
Awesome service :)! Got a pedi and they took such good care of my feet :)! Staff is super friendly! Def recommend this place! Will be back!
As it turns out, wandos is a great place to pregame and get intoxicated before a college football game.\n\nI cannot see any other reason for going there... \n\nPrices are fair, service was fair... great place to meet up with friends.
Liked the outdoor space and the beer is really good. Wish they had more seating
Came in quick for a pastry. Ordered a cinnamon roll and the owner said \"no\". She did not laugh or anything just stood there and said no. Extremely rude customer service. But they do have good brownies.
Took twenty minutes to get a drink on a dead Thursday night at 6:50pm. Vodka with splash of soda was all soda and no vodka. Ordered the salmon sandwich with scalloped potatoes. Salmon was the saltiest fish I ever ate. Potatoes had zero seasoning. Will never come back.
Best fish tacos ever. You gotta try them.
This place was amazing! And the selection was fantastic :)
Dr. Stacy and her staff are great!  They treat their patients like their own family and get them better.  If you've been in an accident, suffered injuries to your neck and back, or headaches, go see the staff at Chiropractic at the Lakes.
A great buffet for those that loves sushi.  My son and 2 girlfriends had a great time here.
what more can I say this place is fantastic food and evertything was great!\nThe service was fantastic... 5 STARS
Ive been there 2 times and thats about 2 times too many.    Not a big fan.
Gotta agree with Ebony. I can' t go in here without finding a bunch of stuff at great prices. I go in for one thing and come out with some fantastic deals. They have kind of replaced Mervyn's for me.
This is one of my worst car wash experiences ever. Worse than Danny's. 30 min just to get my car into the wash as I watched several vehicles that came after me go in. The staff was rude and slow. Awful!
We went on a Tuesday and the place was empty. The staff were reasonably attentive though the water guy was visibly annoyed to have to be there. The food was fine, we did the masa toro roll, sashimi, and a variety of warm dishes, but the overall experience was lackluster. Certainly not worth the premium price.
I live in Montreal.  This is in my top 5 restaurants here.  Great food, great atmosphere and service!  On two occasions I've had groups of up to 12 with me and the service is fantastic.  They are very good at handling small or large tables.  The patio is also very nice, great part of town.
The food & service was terrific! Chef Ramsey has set the bar for every burger joint. I love how at the end of the meal you can rate everything with an iphone that they give you with your bill. By far the best burger spot!!!
I've been here twice and the food is great! But what makes this place even better is the service. They go above and beyond and just make the overall environment and experience delightful! Very clean restaurant, friendly staff and great food. This one is great to revisit.
Island Flavor Island Style!\n\nExactly what everyone says... HUGE portions of food like home for a good price!\n\nLOVE IT!
Best place around for a drink and a smoke, by many orders of magnitude.
Had a decent time but it's just another scottsdale bar. The bartenders were actually pretty good but the bouncers are your typical aggressive type. Tried calling and no one answers the phone.
The buffet was huge with a ton of options but nothing I had was very good.  It was really expensive too for mediocre food.
Don't come after 10pm even though they close at 10:30. They won't make you any rolls and the line is bare!! As ive been coming here recently, the quality has degraded and the service is horrible, regardless of time of day. i used to love this place but not so much anymore.
Holy shit this place is hilarious. The food is overpriced, the portions are tiny, and the taste is too salty. The only upside is that the food came out pretty fast but only 3 parties were here. Don't come here
OK. This area used to be shady. But they've renovated it since then. Clean and service is okay. Not that \"fast\" to be considered fast food. \n\nEhhh. Go someplace else. There's another Carl's Jr on Rainbow and Trop.
I moved to Vegas in Feb 2014 and I've been hitting up different spots before I fell in love with Shaista. My brows have never been so arched! Shaista is off Tuesdays & Wednesday. The shop has happy hour Mon-Thurs.
i wish i can give them -5 stars if i could. bad service and bad food
Excellent happy hour that starts at 12:30 pm with 1.50 tacos Asian themed beef, tuna and salmon.  \n\nBeef kushi skewers are also very good and mango cheesecake beyond awesome!
I don't know  what was better about this steak and shake, finding mold in my fries or finding what appeared to be bits of mayo in my water, and you want to know the best part! The bread is dry and stale! Come here only if your looking for bad service and expired food.
Busy location but they get the job done. Spacious place. Even when busy its not super loud.
Food court in Paris. Good for a quick breakfast or late night drunk food. The croque messier is big enough to share. Ask them to toast it extra hot though.
its great because you can build your burger and your shake the way you want it. be cautious with the shakes because not all the flavors are natural. go ahead and get the pounder so you can have your picture on the wall but that thing is the cause of 27% of all cardiac disease deaths in this country.
Food is pure fat and yumminess. One plate is enough to feed three people. We had more leftovers than we knew what to do with. Definitely need to fast for a week before coming here, but well worth it.
Mmmmmmm.... So good. But get there early or you will miss out. Once something is sold out- your out of luck
For over 17 years, Kim has hemmed, mended, and altered COUNTLESS items for me, always well done and always with a smile! She pays great attention to detail and realy cares about her customers. I trust her with anything and would recommend her to anyone. I won't go anywhere else!
Eh it was ok. Located out of the way, and didn't have as many bacon options as I thought.
Looking for old fashioned soul food? You have defiantly found the right place. The fried chicken and cornbread was really good. Lots of sides to choose from.\n\nThe service was good. Defiantly a good place for lunch if you are downtown!
Good but a little pricey for the quality of the food. Atmosphere good.
I love to get my pedicures from Lee when I go here. He gives the best foot massage ever. Their prices are great and the location is easy to get to.
Love this place. The staff are full of energy. Very pleasant and relaxing atmosphere.
Good sushi, good deal on the all you can eat. The service was a little slow but I'd go back again.
I went to this place about a month and a half ago for lunch and the prices were very good. I had the pesto cream fettucine, it was pretty good but nothing out of the ordinary. I would go back to try more though.
GREAT DEAL!!! We tried to go to 3 buffets, but only hit up Le Village. Nonetheless, a great deal if you're there and don't already have plans. We had plans up the heezy.
Picked up a pizza from here. I'm from Chicago and have very high standards when it comes to pizza. This places, by far, has the best pizza I've had it Wisconsin.
Not happy with the pizza i got here nor the service.  I felt it was a problem to serve me.
We got seated pretty quickly but then I had the feeling they forgot about us.  Eventually, the waiter came and we ordered.   The food was good and a little better than your normal fast food Chinese take out but the service, price and atmosphere didn't really meet our expectations.
Really calm and clean facility, and the owners are super awesome! I taught with one of the owners previously, and I know based off experience they will only have amazing instructors. Alfredo is a fantastic instructor! Also, I am so excited to have cardio tramp available in this city. Great booty and leg workout!
Come eat everything. The BLT taco is the best thing ever. I love the fire and ice ceviche so much. Please come try all of these foods. The people are so nice here and the drinks are tasty. You will hear the best music ever as well.
If you like to spend hours waiting in a lobby with loud people and screaming children then this is the place for you!  The employees including the PAs are more concerned with their personal conversations then servicing customers.
Just purchased a 2012 v star 1300 the staff was very helpful and made the purchase process quick and easy!
love the grill hearts of romaine, bisque and shrimp on the stone. Nice wine dinners and list. Great service and staff including Arenode and Rudy. Ask for Amy as watress. Great patio dining with view of all of vegas!
lines are too long
Easy to park at the long term lots and at a good rate.  Security lines are annoyingly long for not that busy of an airport.  Usually because they only have 1 scanner open at a time.
Beautiful and modern hotel. VERY clean and relaxing. Amazing, soft smell inside the entire hotel-Casino. The rooms are very nice, the pool is clean and gorgeous and the restaurants are very good. EXCELLENT food!
This Walmart sucks. There's never enough employees to deal with the massive hordes of customers. There is almost always somebody trying to shoplift something. There is also a lot of bickering and arguing between customers in line. It's like a ghetto.
If you want to really enjoy yourself with the greatest customer service, great prices, great food and hookah this is definitely the place you want to come visit and enjoy it to the fullest!!!  I highly recommend this place and believe me you'll be extremely satisfied with everything: music, food, customer service, prices, hookah.
This place is decent when it comes to nails but they will not take you in even you come in at 6:50 & they close at 7 which I think is horrible because other nail places will take you even at the time of closing. I will never go there again especially after the horrible service they gave me the last time I was there.
Twenty min after I call the dispatcher the driver calls to tell me another 20 minutes. Cabs on Phx are a joke all around. Time is clearly not an issue with them.
Very clean, fresh toppings
I'd give them a 5 star but; their quality is a tad uneven. Where they're good; they're def 'on point' though. :)
Not good.  Went back on a Thursday's Ladies night.  Muscle bound bar tender.  Didn't like his vibe at all.  Terrible food.  Won't be back.  Workers can make or break a place.  Suggest owner mystery shop the days he isn't working.
Went last week to celebrate a birthday.  Service is great.  Very good atmosphere.  The price is not worth it.  It is pretty expensive for what you get.  Everyone liked their meal but just too high for the quality. Will not be back anytime soon.
This one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. The menu features a variety of interesting options and changes on a regular basis. Their brunch is also one of the best in town. The chicken and waffles is amazing and the breakfast cocktails are unique and different.
another visit, another satisfied customer.  brakes, oil change and some front end tweaking made my wife very happy with her honda oddesey.
Food was good. However the service could be better. Our server was pushy, and made us bus our own table before bringing out our entrees. Seriously aren't you suppose clear the table yourself?
doesn't include free internet with stay.\nroom is big but a bit out dated\nno coupon booklet or anything special when check in.\nNo! I won't be back again (to stay in hotel) I would rather stay at downtown grand.
Meh exactly.  Wings were anemic and the stromboli was uber greasy.
Sorry to say that this location closed yesterday (11/05/2013). Not sure of the reason, it seemed busy when ever I went, which was not often.  It had a good $5.00 lunch.
My boyfriend and I are on vacation in Arizona and we found them on yelp. We enjoyed our shave ice, very authentic hawaiian shave ice and a variety of flavors. The owner is very personable. We would highly recommend to try them out.
This place has the best selection of micro beer on tap. I have had everything on their\nmenu and it is all excellent. It is by far the best place in AJ to dine.
Front desk staff totally disinterested in customer service, too busy chatting on cell phones and bantering with other staff.  Never once made eye contact.  Obviously, no one is managing this aspect of the business.  Workout room is very crowded with equipment.  Classes good, but ambience lacking
Fairly empty and bathrooms could have used a thorough cleaning. Nice menu, avg wine list and decent service.  Pizza are more like lavash with fresh ingredients (low grade goat cheese). Salad was fresh.  Just quintessentially average.
Little pricey but has good healthy food.
I will say the food is great but they have the worst customer service very unprofessional slow service and the place needs updating
Good pizza, used the walk up window and ordered a slice. I love the walk up window. reminds me of back home. Got the pepper and squash slice. Its the hot sweet combo thats interesting. Goes great with a cocktail
They didn't notify guests that memorial day weekend they would distribute wristbands for hotel room access (aka no guests other than those specified in reservations). No one can come up to say hello, no one can go up for a drink or a shower without a proper wrist band. Shady changes here!
Great Pizza!  Thin crust.  Delicious
I really love this salon, all the people are kind . I especially enjoy Kevin. He is so good with my nails and an amazing artist for flowers on the big toe!!! Very clean and professional.
Great atmosphere. They have live bands on Mon, Thurs, Fri., and Sat. It's a very chilled and relax place. They have most of the popular Irish beers on tap. Nice place to go watch sports.
Service was great, but the food is incredibly bland and flavorless. Definitely not my first choice for a good sandwich.
Very glad to come across this place on yelp. Very friendly and clean, most importantly the food is great. Definitely will be back to try something else on the menu. A great place to have seafood.
Went for a late Sunday dinner.The place was not busy at all.The menu has good looking choices and the food is probably OK.However after a 10 minute wait we had not been served water or even approached by anyone on the wait staff except for the hostess.So we left without being served.DON'T BOTHER
A lot of hype. Tacos are ok. Drinks are great! Service depends, sometimes its great and sometimes its slow.
This is my favorite revolving sushi place to date, but the last visit seemed like the freshness wasn't there as much.  My daughter loves watching the food pass by and getting items for me, so the enterainment factor is pretty high for her. :-)
The staff is super friendly. Their sandwiches hit the spot. The portion size is perfect. The godfather is especially tasty. Who needs Subway when there is a Milio's.
Best place to catch some baseballs!  I haven't been attending many games this year but this place never disappoints.  I am glad that Chase is offering healthier food items.  I do love to have a turkey burger and a beer a the game.
Maybe i am not fancy enough, but it just tasted like a cupcake. It was funny to order from an ATM. I rank it low because it was expensive (4.50 each) and not all that special. they are also not big at all. For the price, i expected it to be a larger cupcake.
Food was excellent I got the crab stuffed shrimp.  Bar tenders were more than helpful, friendly, and personable.  The strawberry lemonade thing I got was outstanding.  It was a tad pricey, but not that bad.  Bar booths were missing seats which looked really tacky. Nice souvenir shop down stairs.
Great place. Friendly/efficient service and delicious food. Got a three combo platter, was plenty of food and was able to take a taco home. Generous amount of chips. Frozen margarita was strong. Definitely going back.
Nice place to hike. Not to challenging on the 3mile hike so I will be back to try the 6 mile hike. Not to steep either but nonetheless a nice scenic trek.
I go here with my friends all the time, and i have to say, its exceptional food! quality and care here is fantastic, I love the atmosphere, people, and the food. What more could I ask for?
You know you're in Vegas when you see slots before baggage pickup.  Was pretty clean and baggage pickup was easy.
Yes, this store is absolutely beautiful.  The handbags department is huge!  Ask for my friend Amanda, shell help you out.  \nNext time i win big at the tables, im gonna shop!\nThis store beats the hell out of Suks & Needless markup thats off the strip!
We order here atleast once a week from work and we have always received warm friendly service and wonderful food.  The pricce is very good.  You get real food made fresh while you wait.  If you want it made a special way all you have to do is ask.  Very accomodating.
This place is great.  Try the escamocha.  Fresh fruits with great toppings.  The family that runs the store are incredibly friendly too!
I Think this place is AMAZING. They have a really nice selection of Mid Century Modern furniture and the owner was really nice.  There were lots of nifty pieces and I really like the vintage retro airport sofa seat. I will be back for sure!!
We walked in at 8:50p and they said they wouldn't sear us because they stop seating at 8:45p.  Ridiculous. Won't have to worry about ever seating me again.
Nothing crazy about this food except for the price.\n\nDo yourself a favor and head over to a mom and pop shop and eat authentic greek food, this is overpriced and undersliced!
This place is nice, i was with a group and we got one of the suites. However I was a little disappointed in food selection, felt like the menu should have matched the atmosphere of the sports book. Instead it mainly offered things you would find at any bar.
I work near by and decided to check it out.  This mall is horrible. Sorry I will stick to my Kierland and Biltmore!
I have to say they are great....since they don't take appointments, it's kind of first come, first served, but they were able to fix my dogs chronic cough in no time!
Stayed here last year with a lady friend her friend in me but overall this place is really nice in a great location
Vanessa cut my hair again for the second time.  Love it, love her and love the place.
I finally found a good vet, yay! Needed meds and a surgery on my dog and they were able to do a payment plan. Thank you for the help!
Typically buffet. Dried out food and over priced. Don't go without a discount of some kind. Go the Denny's for breakfast instead.
Not a bad stop if in Vegas. Tons of golf clubs to choose from and a really nice TaylorMade fitting/hitting room. Problem is you can get the same products cheaper online. Employees need a lesson in customer service as well.
Quick and friendly service, little to no wait time. Try the El Ni\u00f1o margarita, delicious!
Don't be confused by the location, this place is a dump. My cloths smelled like the room for a month after my stay -yes, I washed them-.
the outdoor seating is great with the waterfall in the background. \nThe food was mediocre, while the service was good and outdoor seating great, i would not go back secondary to the quality of the food. \nto note: they serve until 2 am!
We went later in the evening so we were seated pretty fast. Had the queso dip and salads. Food was good but service was really slow.
I really wanted to like the place, the customer service was great.  However I will  not be going back, the prices were high and there was nothing special about the sushi and sashimi.  I would rather drive a little farther for sushi elsewhere.....
This is easily the best Whole Foods, especially for prepared food. Huge fresh prepared food area with hot and cold bars and a lot of choices. Big selection in grocery section too.
Not sure what to expect at first, but pleasantly surprised.  Had the buffalo wrap - very good.  Felt good after eating there  - so healthy food...
The sushi was good, the service absolutely sucked!  2 of us did all you can eat.  Ordered two rolls and two nigiri, first round took 20 minutes plus to get to us.  2nd round took even longer!  Will not return.
This market has so many items to choose from. There is a food court inside that serves some pretty fresh good food. Everything in the store is either organic or natural and the prices reflect it. The service is good and the whole decor is very pleasant.
I felt like the only Hispanic in the entire place! Lol! I think I was actually! I wouldn't compare it to any other Mexican restaurant. Food was different and super good. It was definitely New Mexican. I'd come back for sure and the staff was very friendly. Just try it and don't be scared
I mean besides the hair i pulled out of my burger its good....
The food is good, but the service is average (not really friendly) and they only take \"Cash Only\". It's only worth it as it opens 24 hours...
Very large and clean rooms.  The front desk staff and the dealers in the casino are the rudest I've encountered in Las Vegas, though. Price point and the great location will probably keep them in the short list for future visits, but their staff could definitely stand a little lesson on smiling, making eye contact and welcoming your guest.
Really cool atmosphere, you can even sit in a trolley! Great value too. Soup or salad, pasta, and ice cream all included in the price.
My 4 year old's favorite restaurant.
Excellent wait staff and great food. We come here all the time for the pizza, wings, salad, beer and wine. Great food at a great price.
I've been wanting to go there for years. Finally had the opportunity. I was so excited like I was going to Disney. What a let down. I really didn't think that it had any flavor.
My favorite place to eat in Vegas.  My wife's favorite too!!  We are so happy another one opened around the corner from us, i guess that means I'll have to go to the gym more though.
If I were to try to properly describe this place I would have to completely give up on political correctness. All I can say is stay away! People get shot here. Yes. More than once.
Terrible service, food was over priced and bland. Manager was an A hole. Will not go back nor will I recommend this place to anyone. The worst restaurant experience I have ever had. If I was Ramsay I would be ashamed to have my name on this place.
Breakfast was great! Reasonably priced...good service. The manager, JR was very friendly and made us feel at home!
My friend and I are always on a search for good sushi bars in Vegas and this is my personal favorite. And they have the best Screaming O' (orgasm) in town. Their food is always quality and their costumer service is pretty good. Fair warning, the low/no sodium and their regular soy sauce are the same.
Quick food.  Not surprisingly it tastes like a chain
Not bad for a neighborhood store. Their merchandise is good quality and they offer a good extensive selection on wines from different countries. However, the store prices are a bit high, so make sure to become a member it does help at the cash-register.
