I'm a sucker for the Chicken Katsu.
Decent food. Server neglected us when we didn't order alcohol. No free chips and salsa. Good portions. Liked the chicken enchiladas. Overpriced but could be worse for a strip restraunt. Kinda hidden and small. Made a nice lunch. Lots of light and color in the decor.
Went for a late lunch around 330 pm.  Apparently they thought business was over because they simply restock shelves and ignored me.  I went to fill up with unsweetened iced tea mention to them that it was out and they simply took away the container.  Sandwich was good.  But I will be reluctant to return.
Won't go again.
Best favorite so far is their green chili stew, but overall great chow! If your in the mood for authentic Native American food (none of that fair stuff made by non-natives) I'd recommend this as the place to go.
The food was superb in flavor and presentation and the coffee was brewed to perfection. This is a must visit for those that wish to support local business and care about helping deserving community activities.
Excellent salmon bowl with a delightful vinaigrette.  The shrimp burger was also quite nice.  I particularly enjoyed the novel marble-sealed Japanese soda.\n\nIt was worth the 15 minute outdoor wait in the middle of the afternoon!
The orange chicken is very popular with my coworkers. In fact, some would eat there everyday if they could. I think their food is mediocre at best although they give very large portions and their service is very, very fast.
Tasty quick breakfast . I got the pancakes which are quite unique. Crispy edges , thin. Coffee and service were fine. I will be visiting again I think before my next Steelers game !
I found this restaurant by accident on Yelp and had to try it. The food was delicious! We got our food quickly and the service was great. Their menu is very diverse and you can get actual Chinese courses if you prefer. I would definitely recommend trying this place out.
Been here before food is ok not the best sushi rolls in town for sure . This time I sat at the bar And sushi chefs were totally out of touch and I practically had to yell at them to get my rolls, but the retarded thing is me and my friend were the only guys at the freaking bar.
Scottsdale Health Care use to be a great place to work but, they have lost their direction. The way they treat employees if they are injured is unbelievable!!! If you have a choice of which hospitals to work at,I would strongly suggest exploring your other choices.
I like South Side Works mainly because of BD's and some of the other restaurants. Like many areas in pgh it seems like it had many more stores then as the ecomony weakened more places moved out and we c a lot of empty store fronts and I hope that changes and one day it will be filled with stores and restaurants.
fried chips for bfast? not cool.
Ramen noodles were ok, didn't care for them blasting music so loud that we had to shout at each other.
Chris Phillips ... What a great attorney.  He delivered a level of personal service that is above and beyond the call of duty.  If you need any help with your family estate planning call Chris Phillips at this company.  You will be professionally served and feel great about getting your estate planning in order.  We highly recommend Chris and Black & LoBello!
Really good for vegetarians!\n\nThe service is good and the food is great! Love this place! It's the best for Chinese Thursdays!
I have only eaten one thing at HQ. I love the Mexico City burger.  Green chili, bacon,  cheese   Worth the drive from Casa Grande
This is our go to spot to catch a movie.  Not a single thing to complain about.
Loved the Jerk Chicken. Was definitely spicy, how I like it. Looking forward to future visits. They also have an assortment of Jamaican beverages, alcoholic and non-alcoholic.
They have one of the best Vegas rolls I have ever had! Other rolls are pretty good! Long live Sushi San
I will never understand how this place gets good reviews.\nthe coffee is horrendous.\nall of the flavored are muted, nothing outstanding.
Mediocre Thai food. Go here if you want a cheap meal, but not for much else. I will allow that I didn't try the O'Burger side of the restaurant, but if the burgers look anything like the posters they had up, it was a good call on my part.
Basic 3-star hotel. Small, dated rooms but staff is mostly very friendly.  Great place to stay if you want a great location and a more \"old-school Vegas\" feel.\n\nWorst part is the parking at Harrah's. Even the valet area is a pain to get to.
Very fresh and creative rolls, do the ayce, the variety of sashimi and specialty rolls is amazing, must try the super white tuna,........mouth watering
Bad service, dirty, not good food!
Best french press coffee I've found in town. I dig the atmosphere, good music, cool staff. Really good hidden gem.
Meh, average Americana food
Good Cinco burger and Vanilla shake. Some good sauces to try with fries. Will be back...
Shady - an EMPLOYEE stole my phone then tried to buy things from the Apple Store, Home Depot, and Walmart.
Andria cleaned our home this afternoon. She was super sweet and an amazing professional! I just booked a recurring monthly service with her!
Slowest services ever! Do not go threw the drive threw window. Understaff and slow! Plus you will get skipped in line if you go in the drive through window. Never am I going here again.
We have used Target Optical on and off over the years depending upon our insurance coverage. In the beginning, I was very skeptical about using a eye doctor in a clothing/food retailer but in the end they won me over with their service and prices. Nice job!
My family and I ate at Aria for dinner one night when we were visiting Charlotte. We went there with not too high expectations but were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food.\nI would absolutely recommend this restaurant and would visit there again on my next visit to Charlotte.
Favorite BBQ place !! Love love
Las Vegas' best kept secret! No cover, not over crowded, great show with beautiful girls, and only $10 for two cigars with cutters. Beautifully decorated and well-appointed with knowledgable and pleasant staff/servers. I highly recommend and enjoyed it.
LOVE LOVE LOVE. This place is as close as you'll get to true tacos al pastor, short of flying to Puerto Vallarta. Authentic, roasted on the stake with pineapple. The price is great too.
Great sushi and an even better happy hour.  Seating can be a challenge, but overall a great place to hang out.
Craft cocktails, friendly bartenders and excellent appetizers. What more could you ask for? Their fries are excellent. I've had a few other small plates too, but it's the fries that I remember most. Go here if you are looking for a great drink during happy hour to start off your night right.
I've never had a tough time checking into Sky Harbor.  I do have trouble picking people up because I don't read the signs correctly :)  If my flights delayed I know that I can chill at one of the great bars they have in the Terminal 4.
Decent service...horrible food. I can't for the life of me understand how this company is so successful. It could only be worse if it was yet another failed Greek attempt at Italian.
Burgers are ok. The ribeye and mashed potatoes were flavorless. Stay in the restaurant area, your clothes will smell like smoke in the bar. The waitstaff and bartenders are cool. I probably won't be back.
my server was no services at all, after drink and food order, not even come check on my table. once the food brought out, but wrong order. she was not say any word about the wrong order. or let you know is she gonna put in the new order and how long gonna be take.
This place is not that great. My fiance and I wanted a cheap Asian place for dinner one night and that's what we got. My shrimp still had the veins in them! Don't think I'll be going back here.
Worst Starbucks ever. Long lines and ineffective staff. Sub par baked goods. I guess they feel they can get away with bad service because the convenience of being located in the hotel. That's a shame.
Awesome service, beautiful decor, great vegetarian food, which is still hard to find in the 'burg.  We sat outside in their courtyard patio.  Definitely recommended!
I'm so impressed!!! Got to go at least once my new favorite place
Lamb chops and scallop is so yummy.
Terrible service. There was a reason why I didn't tip the server and before I left, she stopped me and asked me why I didnt pay tip. Seriously?\n\nOkay food. \n\nTry Blue Fin instead
Amazing! We actually got married here and has 100 of our closes family and friends with us. Can't say enough about the staff, the food and the suite we had!\nOur Wedding was amazing at the fountains!\nThanks to Amanda, our wedding cordinator! amazing!
Love Ben and Jerry's. I'm from upstate NY and its huge up there. I don't love that it is in a casino and a bit over priced. I'll stick to the ones in the freezer isle.
One of my favorite places to go for flavorful seafood and fabulous service. Won't break the bank. Remember that Sundays are \"Any of the specials of the week\" for $10. You've GOT to try it for that price! Go local!
Taco Salad rocks!!! Great food and freindly folks.
I hate to bash it because I want to support our local neighborhood business.  BUT... the yogurt is terrible, like the worst I've ever had.  The decor is lame too. Dazzle Berry down by costco is really good.
This is our favorite local shave ice joint, and we LOVE that they offer sugar free options.  Convenient location and always hits the spot!
This is one of the worst zoos/aquariums I've ever been to, of the dozens I've visited throughout the United States and Europe. The exhibits are tiny, and watching those animals suffer is just awful.  I will never waste a penny at this place and am glad I got in for free this time.
Had lunch here today. The service was extremely slow. It took several minutes, I'd guess about 15, for someone to take my order, and then another 15 or 20 minutes for the order to get to my table.  The food was very good but don't be in a hurry.
Wish I could give them 0 star reason being we walked in and sat for 15 min for a table the workers saw us walk in but did not even approach us ...... We approached the waiter after they sat a couple that came after us and we were sitting for 15 min
Cake of the cupcake was to dry, the icing was okay.\nHad better cupcakes from bi-lo
The service is good, but \"championship\" didn't really come to mind, more like \"Decent\". I'd go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
I mean, it's PF Chang's. \n\nThe crispy green beans are the only appe-teaser you should be ordering.\n \nI always try something new for the main dish. Everything is pretty tasty. The only down fall is the size of their proportions.
Food was not as good as the last time I went, however my Son loves this place so I went to make him happy.  Prices are reasonable, just nothing special.
Coffee cake is always good. I usually order my usual, country fried chicken steak and eggs with gravy...:) Vegas doesn't have much breakfast places...this suffice the cravings....nothing fancy...more like your fancier version of denny's.
Don't be scared off by this weird strip mall set up, employees vacuuming 45 minutes before closing, strange shows playing on the TV. Look beyond all that. The food and service were spectacular, and they let several couples in just before closing and offered them the entire menu. \n\nWould TOTALLY go again.
I love this place, i was invited by a friend and when i saw all the facilities i was very impressed. it is expensive but it is woth it.
It is OK.  I was disappointed to get my food on the cold side of the scale.  I would thought, considering the hype and prices, that this would be a detail to take care of.\n\nOther than that the ambiance is great and the drinks are good too.
A great stop for anyone in Montreal for unique clothes that won't break the bank. \n\nIt's great because Simons has their own brand which is unique to them. Sometimes I stock up on a lot of things, sometimes not so much. Service is alright.
This is a pretty good Mexican chain.  The chips and salsa are very good, and so was the margarita's.  the enchalata's I ordered were average.
This is our favorite breakfast place. The food is good. They have the best biscuits & gravy of any restaurant I have eaten at. The wait staff is friendly. The only complaint I have is that Sunday mornings are packed, so there can be a wait to be seated.
$44 for a Saturday lunch. The prime rib was unbelievable, inch-thick and juicy. Every item was fresh, so now I'm just confused as to why a great buffet was so far off from the strip...?
Thought the food was great. The lemonaid was way to sweet. Greens probably needed a bit more seasonings but overall I give it a B+
Can definitely find a better pizza place but when you're hungry and desperate... it'll do... well until the next morning.
Best hot dogs and onion rings ever!  I'm in love with their shakes.  They are so creamy and smooth, made with real ice cream.  The loganberry shake is my favorite.  I'm not exactly sure what a loganberry is or what it looks like, but it's mighty tasty in a shake!
Delicious place to go. Near my school university of Montreal. The size is enough for a big person also can order different rolls with great price. Except sometime you have to wait to get a table. The place is always crowd. You should not go to at high business hours.
So delicious! Joe is AMAZING! Got the waffle and it jut melts in your mouth :) Mmmmm!!
Good food, terrible service!! waited over 2 hours for food and beverage. Will not be going back!!
Pizza was terrible and I was hungry.  Notch or two below sbarros.   Most of the food at this food court was not good.
Had high hopes for this buffet. Only buffet I would consider going to is the one at Carsar's. Would honestly rather just do a menu restaurant.
I lived at talus ranch for 2 yrs and it went ok.
First visit - and will not be my last! Best burger I've had in a long time. Great service. Cozy dinning room! Love it.
Late night Diner Magic!!  Its a must if you attend any NC Music Factory venue...  You can't walk past it on the way to your car and not stop in.... yum!
So good! The biscuits are amazing, and I highly recommend the filet. We learned that they butcher a couple cuts including the filet at the restaurant. Definitely recommended.
Awesome Pizza
Really enjoyed the meal and the atmosphere. I also had great service. The waiter was extremely attentive.
2 stars for a nice staff... but the place is in need of a major cleaning and upgrade.
Delish! I came from California and randomly stopped into this place. I had the Santa Fe, it was delicious!
Excellent food! Tasty and filling ... comparable to Chipotle with some items that are not available there.
Once a month they offer addtional savings on clearance merchandise.
Quick service, friendly staff, great food!!
Think twice before choosing this location and company. Only two agents at the desk with over 20 customers waiting.\nOnly one person at the car checkout. Waited more than 1.5 hours.\nNot much else to do so why not yelp about it .\nGet it together Hertz!!!
A monstrous place filled with mostly useless things, but still a somewhat entertaining place to spend a few hours on a weekend afternoon. \n\nDon't bank on finding something you absolutely have to find here. It's all mostly novelty and kitsch, but it's fun.
A perfect place to go for an evening out.  Interesting food, great atmosphere and excellent service make it a place I would go back to.
Pretty, but very limited seating.  Music was okay, but it wasn't so fun to be there.  People seemed sort of bored, or too cool to have fun.
Great store for organic foods and quality meat...comming back. Thank you Whole foods
Ate here for lunch yesterday.  I've probably visit this restaurant every time i'm in Madison.  I love the buffet! Great choices.  Not much to add, but the desserts are great as well.
Being in the property management field is hard enough but when we find a good and dependable vendor to work with, we are thriled. AABCO is the best appliance repair company I have used by far in 8 years! Excellent commincation and fast service. I would highly recommend,
Good food at a very reasonable price. I was able to get two tasty, thick pancakes, 4 slices of bacon and two eggs with all you can drink coffee for less than $8.00. The food has lost of flavor and everything was cooked properly. Its a dive dinner, but the food is great.
best Korean food in pittsburgh. It's cheap, fast, friendly service and food is the best! I've ordered the udon, bulgogi and the kalbi all are delicious! Wish they were open on Sundays though
Very clean and friendly staff plus it isn't nearly as busy as most VA hospitals. We will see how my fiances appt goes. Hopefully they help him.
Sat at the bar on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. Nice place with a live cover band playing 90s hits and a friendly bartender.  Food had great flavor and I highly recommend the panuchos and sweet corn appetizers.
Skip this place.   Sweet owner, good wine, great attitude, however extremely sub par food.  Red sauce was ehhhh at best.  Fish  of the day was unimpressive and the accompanying salad had wilted greens.\n\nWe didn't risk dessert.  You can do better
pretty good... and fairly priced!
Service wasn't great. Food was mediocre. Not impressed so I probably wouldn't return.
I'm giving a 1 star review based on the fact that its a newer casino but yet it has NO POKER ROOM! They took it out since they were not making any money off it.
Chicken fingers?   More like chicken nuggets.  For the nearly 7 dollars I spent I was expecting much more.  Pretty weak.
Solid food. Portions were great.  Sambusa was not cooked well hence the 3 stars.  The ingera vat was good and so were the curries.
We came here tonight for my birthday dinner.  It was just wonderful.  The restaurant was packed but we got a table right away.  The food was fresh and the portions were large.  We had enough leftover for several meals.  I really like this restaurant for a nicer night out.  It is a bit pricey for everyday though.
Restaraunt is adorable. Loved the ambiance and all of the details. The food however was ok at best. And way overpriced!!
This place is nothing special.\n\nYou get many options for hotdog toppings, and the food isn't bad, but it's definitely overrated and there are better places to eat on the strip.
First time to visit The Torch and last time. Was not  funny and we were extremely happy it only lasted 50 minutes!!
Homemade pasta ...heavenly...\nbeautiful place & wonderful service
Food was mediocre at best, and overpriced. Rotating beer on cask is a great idea, but half a pint for the pint price just seems wrong. Server was nice, there were only for other tables while we were there. Can't see making a return visit.
Treated like cattle
wow what a little gem hidden in the mall. I do wish the lobster meat was served warm but it was still alot of meat and tasted fabulous. After a late night of drinking and dancing this will fix you right up!
Don't believe the other reviews about going up the street to the other place.. The quality of the meats at Aloha is quite a bit better.
Very unique salon concept. Very relaxing ambiance. My haircut was done by Brandi. She has real warm personality, excellent skills, gorgeous result. Great hair products used. I have never had such great scalp massage in years!!!!
Yummy pretzels like most people have probably never had 'em. Worth stopping in.
Can't believe how awesome my hair turned out! I keep checking it out in the mirror and running my hands through it! And to top it off Alice not only rocked my hair she is a very funny down to earth lady! Totally kept me entertained!
great service and food, quick and casual.\n\nwe had the chopped salad, bianco, and built my own...spicy marinara, mozzarella, basil, meatballs, and spicy peppers!\n\nall the ingredients tasted fresh!
Best hair salon!!!
Very good food. Nice atmosphere. Decent, inexpensive house red wine. Had macaroni and cheese with duck which didn't sound appetizing but the waitress sold it, and she was vindicated...
we didn't eat any food, but the drinks were great. they start handing out wristbands but they get you by saying it's a discount so cover is $10 and 1 drink is free. the ambiance is so so. too much hip hop playing for my taste.
I love coming here!  Quiet atmosphere, food  arrives quickly.  Awesome lunch specials, good prices and lunches come with an egg roll!  Everything tastes fresh and is served hot, perfect place for a quick lunch!
We enjoyed a lots of selection of Beer and Sake.  I wished if they have house hot sake, but it is OK cuz there are so many to choose it.  It is hard to find tasty Agedashi-dofu, but their one was excellent!!!  That is a true Agedashi-dofu.
I was on vacation and needed a clean cut. This place not only gave me a great cut but had great customer service. I was also very impressed with a sign that said no cussing or cursing! Super impressed especially these days! Great place and great service!
This is a great buffet but it is quite pricy.
It is a good place that we have enjoyed a few times. The atmosphere is pretty neat and different too. Especially for the area that is starting to be developed.\nHas s good menu and service seemed to be good as well. \nWe have no complaints.
I eat here for lunch at least three times a week.  Since  have mentioned it to my co-workers, I have half my dealership getting sandw. from this place.  By far the best quality italian sub I've had since Fontano's in Chicago.  Trust me the deli is excellent!
Free breakfast is nice.  Interior is dated.  Restaurant is good.  They offered a $50 F&B credit per day but would only credit the spend if used the first night of each stay.  Wish we had known that.
I tried a slice of lemon cake; it tasted very artificial...kind of pinesol-ish. Definitely not homemade. I also tried a few cookies that were OK, nothing to get too excited about.
My husband and I bought a groupon and checked this place out. Everything was very good and the bartender was a pleasure! The only complaint was that my Caesar salad had wilted lettuce. Not enough to deduct a star for, because we enjoyed our experience very much and plan to go back!
Very nice atmosphere for a date or with friends.  If you are into wine, this is a great spot.
This is by far my favorite Pho place ever! I love everything they have and the staff is great. The food service is fast and they also have a yummy lava cake and ice cream if you aren't exploding after you finish your amazing meal!
This is great Mexican fast food. No fuss, no muss. Straightforward good food.
Food is excellent as usual, but the last few times we've been here I've noticed the service is slow and inattentive.  We had to flag down a waiter to take the drink order 15 min after being seated, and the restaurant is not crowded.  Understaffed?
Theaters are clean and we'll kept.  Staff are friendly.  Popcorn is marginal at best stale!
May I say \"wow - I didn't know service like this existed anymore?\"  These guys are GREAT!  Kudos to Chris, the assistant manager, and Glen, the mechanic who took the extra step to help me out of a real bind yesterday.  They are the BEST!!
Very nice guy (except: read below) and good prices. But when I went to collect my altered pant there were stains on it that werent there before. When I pointed it out the guy didnt even want to look at the pant and tried to ignore it. That was really unprofessional.
Ok, so what the heck is with the mediocre restaurants downtown Las Vegas charging prices that are ridiculous. I'm sorry but I dont care how many hipsters hang around. No thanks.
Good food, good prices, and good service.\n\nNothing too \"Extreme\" about Extreme Pita, except maybe the welcome alternative to a burger and fries.\n\nIt also has an over-lit, generic, fast-food decor which inhibits digestion.
Comme a l'habitude la nourriture est parfaite. Le sandwich au poulet cajun est excellent.
It's a dinner, clearly. \nBut the ambiance is so lovely. I go there and it just has this incredible warmth. Super-duper cheap. On a summerday, nothing better than walking around, stopping there for a hot-dog. Simply fabulous.
Pretty good sushi! a little pricey, but it is in an airport.. full bar..  nice waitresses, some of whom are also quite photogenic.
Love the atmosphere here as a great place to relax before a flight or people watch! Comfy seats! Great food! Try the shushimi tuna salad! Kale salad rocks too! Had their wild mushroom soup today! Totally rocked my world!
For 14 years I have loved everything about this place.  It is always GREAT, from the food to the beer to the service.  The dedication to this craft for 14 years takes a very special crew of people.  I Love this place.
Yummy food at a decent price.  Top that with an amazing student discount and you've got a great place to go for a student on a budget.
Walking in, I felt very welcomed.  My friend and I came in for lunch and the service was very fast and staff was friendly.  \nPizza was excellent, crust was just right!
Love this place! Even though these guys are Australian they do make excellent coffee. PROPER coffee, like in NZ.
Disappointing food, little high priced for what you get.
Their expertise consist of a former web designer. Great if your looking for a website--If not RUN this place has horrible management! And the prices....well just call and find out for yourself!
Delicious! Amazing, fresh food. Creative dishes. Wonderful staff. LOVE this place. Returning ASAP. :)
Not a fan of the airport being 10 miles away from car rental... Easy to get around but plan extra time for the shuttle ride.
Tasteless and dry. That goes for the meat and sides. The worst bbq I have had in vegas. The two stars were for the portion size and fast and friendly service
I purchased an upgrade to First Class with a connection.  $150 later and ticketed for First, I was denied access to the lounge.  Never had this problem with other airlines.  Will never fly with US Airways again!
Yeah, its exclusive for a reason.  Everything was great.  Maybe a bit pricy, but you get what you pay for.  Steak sandwich for lunch was amazing.
Best sushi value in town- Great food- Amazing all you can eat prices.
No special menu or late menu.  Boba tea regular priced, no special sizes.  Flavors are the usual suspects.  Not bad but not outatanding.  Service: speaks mandarin chinese and english.  \nBento box is best deal.
History on display! Love it!
The pizza was good, but not exceptional. The crust was fair, the sauce was excellent. The price was $18 for a large pizza. Considering the quality price and everything else, I rate it four stars.\n\nI would go one more time.\n\nSauce was very good.
Best bar staff in town. Excellent mixologists and extremely knowledgeable in their craft.
Very similar to chipotle but with a Hawaiian theme and tastes!  Well priced delicious food.  Try the coconut bark!
Not bad at all. Came here today, my husband got the Italian sausage sandwich and I got the Chicago style hot dog. Both came with fries. I liked the flavor. It did remind me of the Windy City. The staff is friendly.
Pho noodles here are soggy.  I'm guessing that the cook isn't washing the noodles with cold water after they are boiled.  Also the spring rolls were not so great either.
breakfast option that wasn't the overpriced $10.98 with The club Palm card underwhelming hotel breakfast buffet. I tend to be a huge fan of places specializing in breakfast food here.
I just had their chicken wings and chicken fingers.it was very good and fresh,also gluten free and they use soybean and vegetable oil only..awesome place for food
One of the best beer selections, and one of the best burgers I've had. Go with the Renee burger. Tons of mushrooms and cheez whiz!
Very good traditional costume selection, with some added rave-wear that was interesting -  including a light-up headress.
Awesome all you can eat yummy & sake. Good fresh and my fav sushi place.
Delicious!! What a great concept. My fianc\u00e9 LOVES pizza but I'm not a huge fan; at least I wasn't. Custom making you pizza with high quality ingredients is great
Truly disgusting place.
Love eating here, wait staff is great, atmosphere is lively especially when they have live music.  Patio is also amazing to sit on this time of year.  I often order something off the menu and they never have an issue with it.  Also the margaritas are just amazing.  Would eat here every day if I could.
The battered fish is the best I've had. Nice set down restaurant with good service. The smoked haddock soup is awesome also. Can not miss on this place. Pass up all the other late night take out spots and walk down to The Tailend. You will be glad you did!!
Another 5 Star at Bellagio. Excellent sushi and the spicy miso is wonderful. Price is inline with Vegas 5 Star. $$$
One of the better concert venues I have attended. Very clean, and easy to find my seat. The scary part was leaving the concert. The entire arena is shuttled out through two small doors like cattle. We spent an hour standing and shuffling. Not a fan of that.
Disappointing.  Ordered the crab boil.  Way over cooked.  Bland.  No flavor.  Blah.
I really enjoyed my steak and gourmet fries, on another occasion I had a cheeseburger that rocked me. The service is great and the atmosphere is incredible. Went with a group of people and we reserved a private room.
Finally tried this place after many years of wanting to, and my husband and I were very disappointed.  Ever had the chicken fingers and fries at Ikea? Same exact food here except my fries at Ikea were cooked properly.  Overpriced processed food and unfriendly service.  Will never return.
By far my favorite Chinese food!  Usually get take out from here--I love their fried dumplings and chicken and broccoli.  Convenient location across from CPCC's IT building.  Sometimes parking is kind of an issue during busy periods, but it's worth it.
I love this place!  What is the latest process on getting the name brand purses?  Is it a lottery everyday or just selected days?
Expensive and crowded.
I went to design and wine for the kids paint class. It was nice but the only thing I didn't like is the class felt rushed.  If some kids aren't done painting she keeps on going but other than that it was good.  My kids loved it.
Loved the food! The service was also really good! The waiter made great suggestions when we asked and was knowledgeable and very helpful! Can't wait to go back!
They need more vegan products, the produce section is so sad, what good is it to have 4 different types of tomato but no variety of hot peppers. I need my Pico de gallo.  they need more ethnic products too. The pharmacy techs are rude. Beyond rude.
No customer service, never more than 2 employees working, no one ever available to help!
Food not that great burger was dry the Spanish dip way too salty as if they threw the bottle on it. Not worth to eat here but to watch sports its good.
They did a really great job making cheap, hastily thrown together food become very expensive. An example is$17 for \"street tacos\" that were below average even for chain restaurants. \n\nThere are many other restaurants in the immediate area that will provide better food, better service and a better experience for much less money
2nd stop off the rail pup crawl.. a little walk, nice place for regulars but they did not seem to like having a large excited group there. The server was good, the drinks were good and the price was good. \n\nThe restroom stunk like old piss.
This is not only the worst Starbucks in the Valley but easily the worst Starbucks I've been to anywhere in the world. Corporate really needs to get some good management into this location. It IS possible to be busy while still providing friendly customer service and accurate orders. This location routinely does neither.
If you're in the market for an aloof, skanky, bitch bartender then you're in luck!!!\n\nAnd if you happen to be in the market for a hooker-- double bonus!!!!
Great homemade noodles. Below average thai green curry. Average tofu. No air conditioning even on 80+ degree humid day.
This place is closed! It says open on yelp but I pass by it many times and even tried to walk in. It's closed.
Terrible! I threw the majority of my order away. The soup was inedible. The sushi turned my stomach. I'm still hoping I'm not going to get sick from this experience. \nThe service was fast, though.
i have worked with D&R to purchase a gold bracelet for a man.  They worked within my price range and found me a beautiful bracelet. The recipient was very pleased with it.  Rich and Dave are very good to work with and I do plan on using them for all my jewelry needs.
I love this place so much!! All the waiters are Italians and they are all so nice and polite and funny!! This place is the kind that I'm always looking for:)!!
Just found this place... Loved it! Nice owners, clean clean clean and brand new massage chairs. Also my first time with gel nails, which was definitely worth the extra cost. They were offering a 10% off grand opening discount as well!
Good service. The food however was just blah. I definitely don't recommend the Quesadilla burger.
If you're into dive bars/Irish pubs, you'll love Seamus'.\nI'm not. I went with a few friends after the Rattlers game, and yeah .. not my scene. But the guys I was with that LOVE that sort of thing, rave about this place.
Yep sometimes Taco Bell is what you get when you want a good taco on the run.
Since it's pricey here, I just get the kids meal. The burger is pretty much the same size as the all American. The fried pickles are pretty good. I would rather go to IN n OUT though.
What a great group. I met a group from Back Alley while they were on vacation here in California. What an stellar group. They brought good energy with them and big smiles. And my favorite was how family oriented they are. I can't wait to visit them at their box. You guys are welcome in Cali anytime!
Visit THE DIAMOND for the Penguin goodies now.
I had to call here again this week. I can not say how great Paul is. He comes on time, fixes the problem, and the charge is very reasonable. One of the few places left that you can count on.
I really like this place for sushi. They have the option to have sushi rolls with brown rice instead of white. and every roll ive had there has been amazing. I really like the set up of the place as well.
Dined at North last week for a business dinner.  I don't eat out frequently due to dietary restrictions (gluten/dairy/refined sugar free). The kitchen at North was very accommodating and our waitress was highly knowledgeable about the menu items and provided excellent suggestions. I left very satisfied and beyond impressed.
Service at the bar was great, the wine was great, but the food wasn't that great! Your typical franchise Italian restaurant!!
The quality and selection has gone down during the past few months.  The \"Wife\" has a lousy attitude and it shows in they way the restaurant is run.
Huge portions. I'm a big guy and I could only eat 1/2 tuna sandwich. Food was tast and service very friendly. Nice outdoor patio. Also try Liberty Market a block away
Best nail shop in Az baby the staff is super nice and friendly.. If you're looking for a place to get pampered this is the spot Lashes permanent makeup or need a wax your hair done That Salon is where its at If you want to look your best then come to the best check out That Salon
Garlic naan is wonderful.  Had the chicken biriyani, lamb vindaloo, and chicken tikka masala, which were all great.  We asked for the food very spicy, and it was exactly that.  Service was great.
This is the closest mall to me.  The mall has most of the stores I like, it is always pretty clean, you can always find parking, and hope to have more stores opening.
Terrible. Tried the bulgogi sandwich, chicken noodle soup, and a mocha frap - none of it was good and it was as expensive as the awesome deli dinner I has the night before.
Customer service is awsome at this location.
Danielle's professionalism and quality of the alteration I received deserve 5 stars however the procedures used to estimate and charge the client are in need of improvement.
Yum! I love their caprese bruschetta and find myself craving it! The wait is usually pretty long but they can't help it they are so popular!\nMy daughter loves their pasta and red sauce and the pizza is great too. Family friendly but not overrun with little kids.
the Cuba Cafe is now bigger, tougher, stronger, faster!\n\nfyi- croquet sandwich... what an awesome creation!
had a bacon cheese burger and medium cajun fries. they even dumped extra fries in my bag. so awesome! the food here is amazing. the only gripe i have about it is that its a lil pricey
Last time I was here everyone was so attentive but now this bartender is rude! Thanks for my beer, it tastes like it should.
This place is very poorly ran, it is the only gas station I know that takes an hour to run in for a pack of smokes, bad customer service, out of stock of common items, have had multiple problems. Avoid if you can.
I've been taking my sensitive little dog to Canine Preferred for over a year.  When I first brought her in she was so frightened and shaking.  But that changed with the way they handled her.  They do a great job.
Tried to go there for lunch last week and the place was CLOSED... empty...\nTo our suprise... I had lunch here 2-3 times and they had really good and reasonably priced lunch specials... : (
Not your regular bar fare. .(no burgers, chicken tenders, .)  Sandwiches are awesome.  Waitress very good and attentive. . Here on a Saturday night @ 9pm.  Will definitely come back. . More sandwiches to try.
Great place to eat\nI was told to check if out by a friend of mine \nAnd great surprise\nGreat vibe great food \nNot expensive and authentic taste\nI also had the pleasure for take away ;)\nWould always recommend and sometimes live music too ,,,ask
I meet up with my husband here for lunch since we both work nearby.  You have to get here early (before 1130)  or the lunch crowd will have you waiting a while for a table - especially if you are bringing a group.  Food and drink are basic but good.  Sometimes the service is a bit slow but it's not intolerable.
Really good food! Service is not great, though. The kitchen is typically slow and it takes a while to get your food. I won't make a special trip to eat here, but if I'm in the neighborhood, it's a good place to eat.
Delicious - reminds me of bodo's bagels in Charlottesville, VA.  The only genuine home grown bagel place I know of in Charlotte.  Customers have written all over the wall - fun to read while you are waiting for your scrumptious bagel sandwich!
Slowwwwww service. Stopped here for breakfast on Sunday at 10am instead of stopping at a fast food joint.  Simple breakfast order took over 30 minutes.  You would think that the place would be prepared since Sunday is a busy travel day and popular for breakfast.
boots.\nI like his boots...
Good sports bar. Lots of TV's bacon cheese fries were good
This place is dece.
I love The Royale! Located in the heart of Downtown Mesa, this awesome movie theatre shows a wide variety of movies you won't find anywhere else. The atmosphere is great, the staff is lovely, and the movies are fun! Go out today and support this wonderful gem of a local business.
Best gelato in the state of Nevada and competes with the best gelato in southern CA too!\n\nFavorite flavors: coconut and pistachio.\n\nLocated near the Arcade inside Bellagio Hotel.
I've not been crazy about my last few visits to Cabo Fish Taco. The food is still good, but the servers keep getting grouchier and grouchier. The last few times I was there, it wasn't very busy, but our server was inaccessible and grouchy. Boo.
I wasn't impressed but tried going three different times. Food is ok service is fair and cost is a little much for what you get.
Good food & service at a reasonable price
im into the convenience that fresh and easy provides. not much more to say. this one is close to my work so its really convenient when im at work. i wish they would open the empty one close to my house already.
Simply put I had great customer service and a great pedicure. I suggest calling a day ahead to make an appointment.
nice patio
Hey, it's almost four years later and I'm still going regularly. They must be doing something right!
Great bartenders! However I find the drink to be very over priced and security was a tad bit less than professional to say the least! If I ever come back it will be because of The friends that work there and the decent live music!
Pretty good, good price. Manager does not honor Yelp coupon. :-( Really, it's only a yogurt.
Took my visiting family to Villa Antonio for a special occasion dinner. We were excited to try a highly recommended restaurant! With much disappointment, service was very slow, food was below average. I would not recommend VA to anyone!
Food was pretty good but the service was terrible. Server was unprofessional and came back after everyone had paid and asked for a better tip. I've been in the service industry for 8 years and have never ever seen such a thing. Will not be returning.
Food did not taste good at all for the price, we were very dissapointed and won't be back.
At best this place is average.  Not bad but not worth trying either, many other places are better in the area.
I like Pizzalicious in a pinch.\nI live close to their business and their $8.88 carryout special is an ok deal.\n\nCheck them out. Their pizza is pretty good.\n\nDisregard anyone who gave them 1 star.
Donuts were great.. Staff was surprised that I didn't want coffee. The brownie batter was soo good.
Slow service. Mediocre food.
Yum GOOD cheap Chinese food... Mmmmmmm
Waited for 30 minutes to just pick up my frames. There were two people sitting at the desk doing nothing. Go else where if you care about customer service
The best breakfast place in town!!!! Good food, good vibe, and amazing atmosphere! Downtown is the place to be for breakfast!
Turkey dish I ordered was on the salty side and really nothing to write home about. I won't be back.
Good food but the people working there need to get some customer service training. It ruins the food. Sorry.
Not good
Great service and great food!
Probably has the best ddukboki on campus! It's made in such a way that you still want to pay for it 'cause even though you can make your own version at home, their version is that much better. Also, they get the rice right every time (it's the simple things that add up).
Service was good. Food was ok. The mouska was tasty and eggplant cooked well, not over cooked.
More outdoor malls in AZ?  Why?  We can't use it 4 months of the year.\n\nOk, it is NICE!  Very modern, family friendly, lots restaurants, and has actually anchor stores (Macy's and Dillard's).
Drinks: 3\nDecor: 4.5\nAmbiance: 5\nService: 3.5\nValue: 4
slow service on a slow night. bbq sliders were dry and over cooked - absolutely terrible. there's so many other options at the epicenter that I will never return here.
Great Mexican food and drinks
Shoes are overpriced, even for the strip.  The workers were helpful, but I took an issue with the Fat manager in the store. He was very unwelcoming and rude. I don't know if he was having a bad day or not, but it's no excuse and now I'll never go back
Good portions and cocktails overall. The best thing I tasted was the pretzel and fondue appetizer. Stay away from the curry chicken, it was small and didn't have much chicken in it.
Very, very slow service. Inadequate staffing for the volume of customers and nobody seems in a hurry to help. Find another rental car service at Charlotte airport.
Best creamy chicken pesto pasta I have had in a while.  Steak and pesto is also an option.  Great atmosphere and lighting.  Fast service and bread is to die for.  A nice Italian eatery in a Safeway shopping center.
We ordered two large soups (wor wonton & egg drop) and a small appetizer.  Not a good value for the $25.00 take out! Well over priced!
cant go wrong with the classics...s1&s2
Boring.  Good fresh veggies, but still boring.  Also total ditz answers phone.  With lots of choices in the area, we won't be back.
I love this place every Wednesday is lady's day which means $5.00 off your oil change, plus they wash the windows and vacuum the car AND they are normally done if less than 15 minutes. They also have a free fountain machine so load up on Diet Coke while you wait...it makes getting your oil changed not so bad!
Gas here was great but it was a bit cold for my liking.  This is not a tip but a review so I need to add more words. The gas was priced well. I was in the backseat so I don't know how easy the pump was to use. I like the smell of gasoline.
Great Teppanyaki Place had this chef named Daniel San . Best Show I have ever seen on a teppanyaki table and awesome food too. He said he has show #1 - 4  and always thinks about new things to do.. I recommend you ask for him if you go here.
Good bartenders, biker friendly, food specials and kareoke thurs - sun. This is an awesome neighborhood bar!
Amazing, that's the only work to describe this place. Stay here!
Good food, GREAT service! Our server Kelly was attentive and very helpful, nice to see great service when it seems to be lost most of the time at even higher end establishments. Nice ambience, comfortable restaurant with a nice hostess staff as well. We will be back!
My husband and I had breakfast here about a month ago and now that I am sitting down to do the review I find that neither of us can remember what we ate or how the service was or anything remarkable about the experience at all.  It was completely forgettable.  If you like generic chain restaurant breakfasts, then this place is for you.
Amazing!!!! I could spend hours here sampling the produce and looking at all of the gorgeous foods. There is nothing like this in the U.S. (that I know of)
Probably the best Pad Thai in town!! Food is really tasty but they lack on the details. I was handed menus (just odd) and the place looks thrown together. Bottom line...great food, worth the visit.
Had the best experience getting a Brazilian! For those of you who have had one before, you know that's hard to say! The place is very nice and inviting. Sandra made me feel so comfortable, I booked my next appointment with her as soon as we were done!
Sent my wife here once. Even though I I had followed her home the day before and checked to make sure all her lights were working front and back these guys seem to find two lights out? Keep in mind this was three years ago but never forgot it and now you know.
Just orderd delivery from Katana, which was my first time having their food.   The udon noodles are delicious - maybe the best in town, definitely the best in the south hills. Decent tofu and veggies. Love that you can get brown rice, and love love love the online ordering option. Very affordable,too!
Great new restaurant in the area.  Food is good, and if you live at Shade, be sure to let the waiter know, 25% off your bill.
A bunch of us got tacos. They are super small and not so good. The best thing was the salsa, oh and the beer was cold, when we finally got our drinks after about 10 minutes. Service was slow and food below average. Won't return
I love all the outlets they have at this location. The food is always fast but finding parking is virtually impossible.
A regular spot for family dinner, love the service and the Mac and Cheese is incredible! Great atmosphere and the menu has a bit of something for everyone. I highly recommend the cinnamon roll with ice cream, oh and the cilantro lime salad dressing (on a salad, not the cinnamon roll) is amazing!
It is good but Lukes of Chicago is better
Have eaten here at least 4 times and the food was poor every time.
worst costumer service ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wast there last Friday. Seats right in front if the stage. The show was good. The headliner, while a bit long, was good. Fantastic service from our waitresses. Will definitely go back.
Not impressed. Maybe because I'm Italian and from New York And I'm spoiled. But the Sunday sauce was far from delicious. The Mac and cheese was overly seasoned with Parmesan. This place needs to hire a real Italian.
I love the beer selection! Very quaint inside. Lots of neighborhood/local regulars. Everyone friendly and nice. Normal bar menu  but I've always had fast, friendly service and good food
Got the Large pizza (delivered),  had good flavor and seemed to be quality ingredients, however the grease level was on the excessive side.  I'll probably go back and try the subs
Good food!!!
Just nasty! Very cluttered and overpriced.
This was fabulous!...Fresh vege's seafood steak..and the sauces to die for!...Loved the whole experience!..We will be back....filet and scallops melted in your mouth...fun chef with tricks!...
I finally stopped in to try this place. All I can say is WOW! Quick service.  Great price! Can't wait to go back.
I can never turn away a good carne asada burrito.  Their value meals are good and the portions are decent
RIDICULOUSLY EXPENSIVE. \nhuge portions but you cannot split them without being charged the price of a meal.
The price is right but the food is not. Oily, heavy, greasy, uninspired, inauthentic, and just downright gross.
Horrible! I am from Philly and have been in Phoenix for a week now. I have had some great meals in this town, but this was not good at all. So-so service & yucky food. Nasty Appetizer, soggy salad & a tough steak to round it out. Avoid at all cost!
I have 4 boys majors mobile had my minivan looking brand new. Absolutely loved the friendliness of the staff and the quality of work.
We received a door hanger with a coupon for Garcia's, so we decided to give it a try...\nService was excellent,... The food not so much. Both my wife and I,agree very bland, no seasoning at all....
Love the fact i could get some decent BBQ at the airport on a 3 hours layover.   Just OK.  We got the ribs and pulled pork.  Still like Memphis Minnie's in San Francisco much better.  At Memphis Minnie's you don't need any sauce since the smoked meat is to die for.
I stopped to have air checked in my tires.  A young lady, Ashley, helped with that.  She was the best, knowledgeable and polite.  Nice qualities on a hot afternoon in Arizona.  Would buy my tires there when I need replacements.
Not very impressed with the Pad Thai, funny after taste.. Can't ever go wrong with Thai Smile
No good. We had 6 of us all order different things.  Only the pizza man was happy. One turkey wrap looked like it had been already chewed. My veggie wrap was bad, I just put a bunch of mayo on it. Their idea of \"salad\" was a tiny cup of potato salad. Not a happy meal.
I love this hotel and specially that has a balcony that you can enjoy
What a relief to have found this place ion a late night shortly after arriving Sin City! The guacamole (that they actually make AT your table! :) is a MUST! The food was great & so was the service. My only complaint is the volume of the music-- please take it down a notch!
Always friendly. Great food! Great atmosphere! The Carnage Asada quesdilla is always full of meat and cheese.
Decided to stop by for a burger, Cowboy burger in fact.  The wait service was good, no complaints; the restaurant itself was OK, no complaints; the burger was salty, over cooked and dried out...simply terrible!!  I may go back occasionally to Applebee's but not for the Cowboy burger.
Im sorry that I brought 30 people into your bar. Your staff was unprofessional and rude. You are a shit bar. Go fuck yourself.
Terrible customer service. Being told we cannot be seated in 15 minutes, with at least 5 or 6 tables wide empty and plenty of staff walking around.  Never ever come back.
Had the after-party for my wedding here.  Everyone had a great time playing beer pong and getting waisted.
Wow this was some next level stuff. Every dish is quality and a lot of them are world class and you get to choose which one(s) you want! I actually loathe buffets but I would come back to this one again!!!
Cashmere socks. Overpriced everything. Empty of patrons, therefore great service.
Well my brows came out beautiful BUT I have many cuts above my left eye and the right right under my brow.  Its super noticeable and painful. So NEVER go when its a person working ALONE she will rush and cut you up
We just had our wedding reception here and I am astonished at the level of service we received.  It was perfect.  The banquet team did an amazing job meeting our specifications for a 60+ person wedding.  Everything was top notch.  I am vegan and they made sure we were taken care of with my special diet.
Milo and Nancy are the best, food is awesome! Support this local cafe you won't be disappointed
What a horrible customer service organization, after waiting for 5 hours they call and tell me they aren't coming and ask me to take another day off work and wait for another 5 hour window.\n\nI'd rather wash dishes by hand, I'd avoid them at all cost.
This is a sports bar with sports bar food for people who are looking to watch sports. I think almost every available wall space has a tv (or it seems that way). \n\nIf you can't find a game they will try and help you out. Don't go looking for a gourmet meal.
Awesome deals if you come here after 10PM. Also nightly flare bartending competition.
Great lunch prices. Service is always fast and friendly. And the food is tasty.
Drinking wine and eating well prepared Italian/Mediterranean food. Happy Happy Happy.
drive thru, avoid going in there. i always get the Hawaiian Blizzard! yumo
good food, good service, good prices -- not the best quality of food, but the prices explain that.\n\nwill be returning.
The food was okay nothing to write home about.  I should have read the post before comin. However, I was with another volunteer who wanted to eat here. The service was half ass.  I do not recommend this place.
Used to be better. Fish tacos were decent. Drinks used to be a lot better. Striking it from the list.
The best Chinese restaurant around. Food is always cooked perfectly, and comes out fast. Delivery is also fast. The order is always right, staff is very nice. Try the crab rangoons!
I wasn't a fan of the place. Not trying to be rude, the bread was stale. When we walked in there was only one other person during the lunch hour. Our order had several mistakes too. I would be hesitant to come back after this.
Best Chinese food in Gilbert BY FAR! Thank you j&k for the great and food! Love dine-in and take out! So exited we found this place!
I ordered a cheese omelet and iced tea. I received very friendly service. This location was very busy during this visit. 3 stars for warm and friendly service. The food was ok,but had to be sent back because of under-cooked eggs. I would recommend some detailed cleaning of this location.
Had a little bit of wait for menus and drinks, but staff is very nice and were apologetic. Theres a block of ice in my Jameson & Coke and was a bit watered down.
I had a pint of beer and a small bowl of fries here, while waiting for a friend. Nice ambiance, good micro brew beer. Sweet potato fries comes with selection of mayonnaise, nice.
Friendly Clean Looking staff. Always my favorite sandwhich! Food is fresh, and I appreciate this location takes pride in the employees appearance. I know there are new owners, and it shows! Great work! !
Don't let the name fool you, this place should in Scottsdale ! It's fine class dining
You get what you pay for here.  Very happy :)
Don't go. Smells like turd Popsicles and the service blows more than the hookers on the nearby corner
Great pizza! Highly recommend if you are in the area.
Worse Dairy Queen EVER. Priced Higher than most DQs and horrible customer service. They NEVER get your order right then argue with you if you try to sort it out. The ice cream and hard shell dip is watered down and way overpriced
The ice cream was very good, but a bit spendy.  Of course, I did go for the sunday. Good portion size, good quality ice cream, and great toppings. The roasted marshmallow was a particularly big hit in our group, and the CSRs roasted it perfectly!
This Petco has really friendly staff. Their clearence bin is always full of good deals.
Never eating here again. They did something to my Chulpa. I have diaherrea. Everytime I buy food here, they get my order wrong.
Remember that your admission to these is essential to keeping them open and maintaining their wildlife. Remind yourself that each species is a piece in the jigsaw puzzle of the ecosystem. Invite your friends to come and meet the residents!
everything is great!  . . . . . .  cheap food cheap drinks. Try metro pizza on thurs 2 for 1 slices and try the bbq its delicious
Be careful when you buy things in the store. I've picked up a few items that were expired.
We ordered for take out, and this was the worst burger I've ever had! And to top it off, we ordered a chocolate shake and what we got was chocolate milk with crushed ice done in a blender!  The service was friendly.
Great! They were able to accommodate me for two separate afternoons of moving help, and even went out of their way to schedule me at the last minute.  The two men sent were helpful and polite and worked quickly.  Smooth Moves prices are very fair and I got exactly what I needed in a moving service!
Didn't feel like licensed massage. 4 of us went in and one was happy. Place doesn't have very private rooms.
We went on a Friday night about 30 minutes before closing and never felt rushed, although we were the only ones in there and employees were starting to leave.  The wedding soup was good (never had it before), and the pizza had light, cruncy crust, which is how I like it.  I'll be back!
Nice club. Came to sell woman's jewelry. Friendly staff. Will visit again next time I'm in town.
Amazing awesome place ! We went the first time on Christmas night ! Had a reservation from open table & were seated right away ! Such a good food selection we have to come back to try more stuff ! Our server was so good ( Jordan ?) & all the staff was great ! Thanks !!!!
Came here to just try it out, but then their food just blew me away! The service is way better then Roberto's the workers actually serve with a smile! The drive through is really convenient. Awesome experience overall and I would defiantly come back again!
They have expanded and the food was not as good as the first time that we went.  They might have been having an off day...  Worth one more try.  If the food is the same we will cross it off our list.
AMAZING food. This place is always busy and rightly so, they have quality food. If you are in the area try it out, I promise you will be back. The place is small and sometimes it can take a while to get your food but it tastes so good its always worth it.
Every time I go to SanTan Brewery I forgot how rad the place is. I love going here. I love going here. I LOVE GOING HERE.. so does Charles the Bulldog
Convenience is the only plus.  Quality and consistency are lacking.
Four people at the bar and service seriously took forever. The bartender was too busy talking to slot players to pay attention to anyone else.
So I love pigs and pickles, so I decided to make my way out with a rather beautiful lady type (shwing). We got here and the place was
Last minute costume brought us here. The incredible playground kept us there for a few hours. My 3 year old cousin ran through maze, climbed on the jungle gym and jumped in the jumpy thing. Lots of shops and lots of great places to eat. If you need a place to shop, eat or keep you kids entertained I definitely recommend Town Square.
Good stuff. Def worth trying out.
Worst Chinese food (it doesn't even deserve to be called food) I have EVER had in my life! Buyer beware!
My fav Mexican place for every Vegas trip! \nFajita never disappointed me even once like all other foodies!\nHighly recommend purchasing restaurant.com voucher at the beginning of the month :)
My daughter's netbook had a massive hard drive failure.  ComputerGuys fixed it quickly and for an amazing price compared to the big name competition.  I'm so glad I found this shop I can trust, so close to home.
terrible customer service!! do not go here!
Wow. Wow. Wow. Everything was incredible: the show, the service, the food, the ambiance,  absolutely everything.  Cosmopolitan,  you are my home!!!! THE. BEST. EVER.
They are always so nice at this jack in the box, the customer service has been great so far, the food is usually warm and yummy as well.
Went once and never again! awful service and food mediocre.
The neighborhood of Highland Park welcomes its newest addition to Restaurant Row on Bryant Street.
Great selection, reasonable prices, and clean.  My go to for dumplings, red bean, and seaweed fix.
Great experience!  The only weird part was in the dark room where you just see stars - it felt eerie...
Total dive... not a single pretty dancer in the joint!   Don't waste $$$ on overpriced admission.
Great food. Alcohol included in most dishes. They are still delicious. Would recommend for a nice ambiance & relaxed dinner.
The staff here is 10/10. They were quick, attentive, and very polite. The special rolls are very cool and included in the AYCE menu (limit of 2 per person?). The tuna and soft shell crab were A+, the salmon was good enough but not exceptional. We will definitely be coming back.
FANTASTIC BURGERS!! I was getting my car worked on next door at AA auto.. wanted to kill time. stopped in to get a bite to eat. YAY IM A FAN!! I am going there right now to get food to go
Friendly service, great food  and always very clean....this is especially impressive since this DQ sits right across the street from a High School and a block from an Elementary School!
Havent had any problems (lost or damaged clothes...) with them.  My stuff is always ready when they say it will be and it always comes out looking sharp.  Good place with reasonable pricing.
This is really 4.5 stars. Great food great service. Ordered the steak frites, which was good but i have had better at dedicated steakhouses. The fries were some of the best i had ever had.
Food not too bad although genaric selection. Been there 4 times in last 2 2 years. Once, one of the waiters had really bad BO! That was the last time we went there.
Great location in Verona!  The bar is beautiful and they pour a large glass of wine for a good price.  Food is marginal at best, but not consistent.  The only thing I enjoy eating is the cheese bread.
Beautiful Pool.  Great food.  Amazing staff - from the valet guys right up to the General Manager.  They've done this right.  As nice as any pool in Vegas.  You won't be disappointed.  The facilities are awesome too. Cant say enough good stuff about this place.
Big selection, reasonable prices.. I love buying in bulk because not only do you save, you get quality products. And it matters to get a good product for a good price.\nI usually buy their produce and I love how it always tastes great!
Cheap cars. Have to wait in line (we don't have to with other car rental companies). Staff isn't overly friendly, but okay. Our car ran great and served its purpose, but it was not thoroughly cleaned when we got it. The cup holders in back were dirty and disgusting.
Well, here it is -- July 27th and they still are slow rolling me on my insurance claim.  What a crappy company.
The worst location ever for panda orange chicken is so uncooked never again I couldn't even eat it gave it to my dog surprised he even ate it as bad as it was. If I could give negative five stars I would. It was that bad.
Ordered 2 pizzas, neither were cut, one pizza had the wrong toppings. 3/8 garlic knots were raw. Found them from a door flyer. Probably should of thrown it out instead of wasting $30
Have went back a couple times since our visit with poor service and have enjoyed it just as much as previous visits. Back at the top of our \"go to\" places list. Love the Happy Hour!
A nice cozy place with respect to the environment but other than this nothing impressive. Food selection and imagination is poor, while the ingredients seem not to be fresh at all. Service is decent.
Great local place, very local feel, simple food, well prepared.  If you are in the area, worth the stop!
For only being open a few weeks, this store did wonderfully, from the service and cleanliness, to the food. Excellent job!
This is a decent place to eat late at night and the price was good for cafe.   I had the american breakfast with eggs, hash brown and ham.
I love it here. I moved in April 2014 and it's been a pleasure. Love the night security,  it's always neat; no trash laying around. Love the dog friendly community and diversity of the residents.. It's quiet and the pool is always clean.
50 reviews.  4+ stars.  \n\nGreat location.  Great coffee.  \n\nGet the Mexican Chocolates. They have a really yummy, grainy texture.  My personal fave is the salt & pepper bar.  Which is actually a chocolate disc.  \n\nThey're doing it right.
Short Story:\nA fairly small airport.\n\nLong Story:\nSo, I am flying OUT of Vegas on a Friday night!  Who does that?!  Needless to say there was no line at security and I breezed through!
Horrible! Cart only came once. Our waitress left us. And there was only 1 other table besides us in the restaurant. We left and went next door to hot n juicy lol go to orchids!
Good Pizza. The service wasn't so great. The decor...not so great. The brick oven is visual when you first enter which is cool. I would go back.
Kung Pow chicken with peanuts was amazing.  Good for the after effects of some late night drinking. Service fast. Not too friendly, but hey, what do you expect for rapid service?  Quick easy and very tasty.
Terrible service, jerk of a bar tender, he was disrespectful to the hostess in front of customers. We got served water and 25 minutes later asked what we wanted to eat. Do not go to this location
I came here because they have great pricing and specials. I am SO glad I did. Amazing staff, great owner! Such a positive friendly place. I am new to tanning and they are so helpful. They take the time. Forget the chains come here.
I loved this place!
Great sushi place, probably the best in Scottsdale.\n\n\nGreat ambiance and design, good service and great manager.\n\nThe W is pretty much always on point with its restaurant partners. \n\nTry the diced Chilies and hamachi. Amazing.
Food has been hit or miss. Same with service. Seems like waitstaff are kind of immature. We may give it another try.
This was fun, fun, fun. I'm a horror lover and it was great to go to a place I felt like I wasn't a part of the desert and modern-day world outside. The food was tasty and fun, the server was super pleasant and friendly and service was quick. I will likely go back for my next birthday.
As a single person this is a great place to buy small food portions. It's also a great place to stock up on prepackaged snack items for loooong plane rides and road trips. Love it!!!
Okay fare.  Restaurant was loud.  My California Cobb salad with Blue Cheese crumbles and dressing was surprisingly bland in flavor.  Service was good.
Always fast and friendly staff. Bread is always fresh and the meats and cheeses are excellent quality. 100 times betrer than Subway. Clean location to dine in if you choose.  Join their sub club to earn free sandwiches.
excellent! I love their tacos and salsa bar! The food is really fresh and delicious.
Best buffet I have ever been to!! We'll worth the $40 person. All you can drink beer and wine and my boyfriend loved that. The food was excellent. Tons of variety and every type of meat u can imagine. The crab legs and shrimp we're delicious! Highly recommend and I will definitely be going back
I understand it is on the strip and busy, but if your going to post a sign in your door stating wait time...update it\nThe service was really less than favorable. And really only one kids menu in the entire restaurant. \nFood was average as usual at Denny's.
I was turned on to this place a few months ago and I am hooked. The pasties are great. The lamb vindaloo is my favorite so far but I've still got my more to try.  They also have good beers on tap and quite a few bottles as well. Definitively worth trying.
Just an amazing store! Great artists and great people. You will not be disappointed. Exactly like the rating says WOOHOO! AS GOOD AS IT GETS!
This is one of my favourite Korean restaurant in Montreal! Their lunch special are delicious and fairly priced at 15$. Try their bulgogi, its so good!
This will be a popular destination of ours as the weather heats up. My daughter loves playing in the water rings at this place.
Food is very good and accurate.  Staff was all business and bursting with energy. The manager, I think his name is bubbles, he looks like a short cute buddy holly, was friendly and and helpful.
I expected better because of the good rating. The waitress took my order late. Food was mediocre. My cup of fruit didn't come at all until I asked for it and even then that took a while. Also there were grounds in my coffee. I would have been better off going to IHOP.
Spectacular and completely captivating! The show was breathtakingly phenomenal. \n\nIt made me want to take swimming/diving/tumbling/acrobatic lessons soon after the show. \n\nI would mos def recommend!!!
This is probably one of the best hotels in Vegas.  Between the restaurants and the shopping, it has everything you can possibly ask for.  Last time we were here we ate at Joe's Stone Crab which was delicious.  It's all huge, and another hotel that will impress.
This place is dead to me.  Will never return.  Unfortunate concept that was poorly executed.  Mediocre food on top of it all.
The owners are honest but the manager is a little brash. The waiters are pressuring you for tips.The space could be better set up in this place. Good teas and coffee.
Nicholas F went above and beyond, I've been waiting for a prime rib for a beetling time, went it arrived slightly over cooked , They let me nibble on the overcooked prime rib while I waited for the perfectly cooked one.. it's the small things that count, thanks Nick!
Excellent food at good price. We had to wait. The naan and the rice extra like everywhere else. Samosa was great but others in the group found it spicy. Also don't forget bring your own alcohol. I wish I knew that ahead of time. Definitely coming back.
What a wonderful experience. Excellent service and great prices. Can't wait to book with her again.
The food was OK but there is very little in the way of mediterranean dishes on the lunch menu.  A couple of salads but no meat dishes.  The rest of the lunch items were Italian dishes.  Very strange.
YUM YUM YUM is really all I need to say about this place! Classy, delicious, and fun. It can get pretty crowded, so reservations are needed, especially on weekends. Their baked potato is a MUST try....and needless to say of course, their steaks are fantastic!
Solid shish-kebabs, great entrees & ambience. A little pricey.
Okay food. Terrible service. Hostess should be fired. Only gave the 2 stars to the food!
I picked up two pizzas today for lunch and both were dry...dry...dry!
I would like a \"will call\" window at the Tempe location.  Waiting a day or two for a part drives me nuts when they are located just a few miles away.  AND I have to pay  $10 shipping for that.
Dirty, old, and run down. Only thing I'll give it is the cheap pricing. In a pinch, you need something quick and cheap, go ahead and stay there.
lots to do, love Austins steak house!
Darren's a dootiehead again. I found nothing wrong with their pizza or wings.
I love Soul.  Great place to get a small bite, or load up on the menu.  Atmosphere is great and the food matches it.  Charlotte needs more restaurants like Soul.
The meal was outstanding but conversation was impossible.The noise in the dining room was unacceptable.
If you sign up for their rewards program you will get $$ back and 20% off coupon for ALL your shopping on special days so it's a pretty good deal.  This store is well stocked and clean.
These guys are great!  Honest, reliable, and reasonable.
Great Happy Hour. The Bomb Sandwich, gnocchi and spinach salad are some of my favorites. The service is always excellent. But don't forget the garlic knots, they are awesome!
The place is a whole in the wall but the service and food was excellent. Had the fried rice and it had a very good flavor. The fusion between Mexican and Korean was genius. Excellent for lunch time
Overall, mediocre at best. The seats aren't very comfortable even though we had a couples booth. The service is great but I prefer the more comfortable and intimate Esplanade. The food isn't anything special and I'm pretty sure they serve cheap wine.
This salon is a great cheap alternative in the central phoenix area.  I had a totally decent haircut for $30, the service was really nice.  Nothing out of this world, but definitely a great option if you are saving money.
Excellent cup of coffee.  Cappuccino had nice taste, well prepped.
Stopped in with a few friends for our catching up time and had their coffee.  Really really good, and I think far superior to Starbucks (which is not hard to do I know) but these guys really do it right.  I like that each cup is made fresh.  \n\nReally good - will definitely be back.
Food was great. They know how to cook a steak! Great views of the Bellagio fountains. Exceptional service.
Bomb.com love this place, addicting food and great prices.  The owners are amazing and kind people.  I either eat in with friends or take out.  You do not wait long for the food.  Oh yah FYI You may have to unbuckle your pants when leaving.  Highly recommend this place
Used to be one of my favorite spots in the valley.  Great food and warm and efficient service.  The past 3 times, I have visited the service was a joke.  Pico Rico burger and fish tacos still get two snaps, but don't think of going back to often any longer.  I wonder what changed here?
I guess my experience was not as great as most. The service was great and the atmosphere was fantastic... maybe it was my dinner selection? Had the pasta: was a a bit dry and made me feel a little queasy after. \n\nWould definitely go back for wine and drinks though!
I usually go to the Second Cup on Parc, but this one is pretty darn good as well. Very large.
Service, timing and most importantly the food was great.  I ordered the filet and it was cooked perfectly the way i like it.  The asparagus and potatoes au grautin were awesome.  A must if you dine out regularly!
Nice food and good prices.
Amazing new bar with amazing bartenders and amazing management. A very welcomed new addition to the neighborhood.
$6.25 for an iced coffee isn't expensive it is price gouging.
Would of given 5 stars, but service is SLOW! Food is good, but be prepared for a long evening!
In N Out Is by far the best burger joint out there! :) very simple menu but everything is great!....this place is crowded at times but the wait isnt that long...its clean, and the staff is very fast and friendly
My Turbot had butter and beef grease all over it, gross.   EAT ANYWHERE ELSE in Vegas! The octopus was shoe leather tuff, the 'chef' mixed utensils and cook space on the Teppan grill between the beef and fish.   Really truly nasty
Drinks, apps, sweets and good hookah. Exactly what I was expecting - did not disappoint!
Was looking for quality food in Vegas without having to pay a ton. Our server was very helpful, and I got the quality food  I wanted :)
1st time here . Very good place for the fam. Highly recommended .
Checked it out on a whim and was very pleasantly surprised.  Drinks are healthy pours and appetizers are tastily enjoyable and enough for two.  Sevice staff is happy to have us there.  Will have to return for dinner.
Always a favorite and consistent. Easy with friends and kids. It gets very busy at lunch but good turnover so be patient if you need to wait.  Service can be spotty.
Our three visits during our recent 2-week vacation did not disappoint.  We had 3 apple fritters which continue to be the best though one was slightly dry.  A crown donut was also excellent as well.  Lastly, we tried a jelly donut which was fresh but nothing out of the ordinary.
During a road trip I wanted to stop by the VW Thing Mecca. Very friendly team. A little disappointed they didn't have some parts I needed. Just a reminder that some of our Thing parts are hard to come by.
Great food and awesome environment!!
I'm in love with sushi twister, very clean and polite staff....and the red Dragon is a must try!
Authentic, always Excellent, friendly service.  There are bigger and fancier places in The Valley, but none are better.
I trust Todd for anything related to residential real estate in Las Vegas. I watch his videos to see what has been going on in the local housing market. When I meet with others about financial matters, I often refer to things that he has talked about.
Eh. We got in within 5 minutes, paid no cover but left within 15 minutes. The DJ sucked, the crowd was dead, and there was just no energy in this place so we left. I'm sure some could LOVE this place, but we just weren't feeling it.
The margaritas were awesome... The resturant decor was very nice... The service & food was miserable...it wasn't the servers fault or bartenders... The manager is a half ass piece if s&$t!..
Seit Vielen Jahren: die beste Pizza in der Gegend. Aus dem Holzofen auf den Tisch: immer wieder Klasse! Manchmal nehmen wir sie (die Pizza) auch mit nach Hause. Ich mag den Laden!
There's no reason to be cheap on hiring better delivery workers, they were very rude and acted like they didn't want to be there.
Looks like someone decided not to pay their rent. Tried to come here tonight and the landlord repossessed the building. Good job management.
I love the movies here, but always have a long way to walk, if I need to skip out to powder my nose.....wear depends if you get a large coke for a movie that you really want to see.
Ok. So today was my first day coming to this place after having horrible experiences at other nail salons and all I can say is that. This salon was amazing. they did my nails exactly like I wanted them . Staff was super nice. I walked away happy and I have officially made this my nail salon place :)
Our first time checking this place out. We loved it! The burritos are great. The salsa was very tasty and the chips were fresh and hot. Yummy! Fresh made when you order it. \n\nGive this place a try.
Better than Wal-mart. A little dingy though.
We've been regular customers since it opened, today's food was terrible.  Sweet shrimp was bad, uni was brown, scallops was sour to the point of burning my tongue, and rice was big.  Very very disappointed.
Sitting here right now, used to love this place......what happened to the service ? This place nose dived :/ pisses me off, I loved this place
Over priced, the hot dog meat tasted on the tainted side. Half way through the bun got tough to eat. I was going to get a soda but I could have gotten a six pack for the same price.  Will eat some where else next time.
Love this place. They are so kind. Very sweet people. For $100 you can ride a $6K bike for a day. What better way to fully test out a bike before deciding to buy???
I'm giving these guys 5 starts on their donuts because I've came in from midnight, afternoon and morning and the pastries are always fresh and delicious. Best donuts in Tempe super fluffy and not heavy or rubbery like other places.
Phenomenal! Brooke and her staff are educated, motivating, encouraging and knowledgeable.  \n\nGet there early, the room fills up fast.  Is that a sign???  I would say so.  Keep it up guys are you are awesome.
They got an inspection score of 80 on 12/5.  This is a place that serves raw fish.  Yes, their follow up inspection on 12/12 gave them a 99, but two grades in the 80s in a 3 months for a sushi place is not good.  They were so good before, and always had an A...not anymore.
Chinese is Chinese and I have bad, disgusting and have had tasteless crap but this was tasty and speedy delivery and can't say anything bad!
Place is good but my complains are they run out of ingredients and they are inconsistent with their drinks!
What a mess......tasty, spicy, finger-licking, burn your lips mess.
Everything was SALTY!!! hot and sour soup, beef and broccoli..and worst dish of all was the pan fried noodles w/ beef. YUCK!
A beautiful restaurant with impeccable service. The food was artfully presented, and skillfully prepared, with interjections of surprise tastings that complimented the meal perfectly. One minor nuisance was being seated under a vent that created a cold draft throughout the meal, and for which there seemed to be no remedy.
Great place to order some food and share with friends. Oh Korean guys are so cute lol.
Showed up to try for the first time.  Yelp shows open til 10pm, their door says 9:30.  Got there @ 8:44 and they were closed up. \nVery disappointed.
YUMMY!! As a lactose intolerant person this is my go-to place for ice cream cravings and milk shakes. Can't go wrong with the dough boy tsoynami! It may be a 15 minute drive from my house, but it is SO worth it. You will not be disappointed!
Got a hot chocolate n the lady gave me half of cup full! When I ask her why is she missing half of cup, she said \" if I put more water then it won't taste good\" what a bad customer service!!!
Very good espresso. In my opinion, the best coffee shop in Charlotte.
Not a bad experience, but not amazing. We did Kung Pao chicken, sugarcane chicken, and egg rolls. Everything was a little more bland than the Asian style food we are used to. \n\nWill be coming back to try some different dishes...
Been going here for 4 years and never disappointed!! Their rolls are incredible and fairly priced. The staff are all polite, and welcoming. You will not be disappointed in your dining experience with Naked Fish!
Your average gaming dive bar that happens to be located directly next to Green Valley High School on Warm Springs. This place is as basic of a neighborhood bar as you get in Vegas.
Nice guy. I came in for an advertised laptop with a certain feature. They'd sold it the day before, but he had another that was a few bucks less. He was generous enough to upgrade the RAM for me for free.\n\nI'd recommend this company if you need business grade used computer gear.
we ate lunch here yesterday and everyone left happy and full!!!! it was good!!1
The food sucks shrimp is paper thin and hard small cup of coleslaw the potato chips are great but come e four bones on per cook ribs cheese sauce is ok bit come bathroom is trashed
I like their Tom Ka, and their vegetarian Pad Thai, I agree with other reviewers they lack authenticity when they include orange chicken in their menu. They all are so nice there though, and I like how small and cozy it is.
Good food, good drinks. Great place to grab lunch, great place to watch an Illinois game, and still a good place to stop by at night. I hope they still have Magic Hat on tap.
Not a bad spot, open late and had good beer available.
Amazing place, there is nothing I can say that hasn't already been said.
Fried chicken had great flavor, but was too greasy. Green beans were a little too al dente. Overall very friendly people and quick service.
seven sea is a must!\n\nif you are from pittsburgh,pa  and you enjoy cj's or art's.seven sea is it of vegas.live music,good food and safe place......a friendly safe.\n\n\nd rogers
heard bad things about this spot and after experiencing it personally, it is not a good spot..
We arrived at the door at 9:04pm and we were told that they closed at 9pm. Our party of 5 went elsewhere. Hard to below they could not use the extra business. Very short sighted imho.
Came here several times and I think it's OK. IDK why people think it's so great.  The quality of food wasn't anything special.  And the waitresses always looked like they didn't want to be there.  Well, then I don't want to either!
Impossible to get my coffee right even after returning over and over. I used to work on the property so I would come in often and even after a pricey coffee that included a discount it still would not live up to Wynn's standards. Never again.
I was able to purchase some nice sharp singles from Topps Baseball 1959-1961.  The cards were in order, and priced not too bad.   I bundled a bunch together and did a little better.\n\nThe store staff were very friendly, and talked a lot with me.  I will be back.
Bomb Burritos & fast, friendly service.
It's a beautiful place.  Get their Crystal Suite, you won't be disappoint.  Beautiful room and view.
We stopped by after a movie at the Film bar for a few drinks.  Sat on the patio with the misters going.  Good service and the wings were great.
Unless you're a hipster, avoid this place.\nThe food was nasty, the facilities were old and dirty (many thanks to the disgusting kids that walk barefoot throughout the building), and the crowd relatively cliquish.
Great place! We've tried other places and my son loves this place the best. They also serve dinner for them from local restaurants for an added fee of course.
Slow service... Chicken was undercooked....Good Service...
Friendly staff And a clean dining area are two things I noticed immediately.  As always the food is superb and does not leave you feeling like there is a brick in your stomach as most fast food places do. Kids play area was clean as well.
Love this place, so happy to see that they're by the house now too! Food is good, and the lemonade is the best! Recommend this place for a \"quick\" bbq spot.
The customer service is terrible. It took a good 20 minutes for the kid to make my smoothie when there was only 1 person ahead of me. There was a girl working who was just standing around. I don't think I'll come back.
Super pub and not too expensive bar staff are a1 mini Bloody Mary is fun . Very sociable place even if your not Scottish not like other bars
Great food for the price and perfect for when you are busy/on the go. I lived on this stuff in college!
Love the small town and family owned feel of this place! The staff was sweet, attentive and prompt ...even on Mother' day!
Great for whatever fabric needs you might have! If you can't find it at Joann's or Hobby Lobby or you need a higher quality fabric or embellishment, Heddy's is your place.
open 24hrs!! I ordered house special Fried Rice cost almost $10.00. Unbelievable!! Cost almost double compare to L.A.
In my opinion, second only to the Bacchanal.  Awesome decor, awesome prime rib and ice cream.  Poor fish selection (at least on my night) but bone marrow!  Yes!
I actually had this saved as a draft and was going to say something nice. Unfortunately I have been back to this location a couple of times since the new management and I don't think I will be going ever again. Service goes a long way, so I will say the food was great, but the service was unacceptable!
Great atmosphere. Fun place
If you're looking for a nice clean place to pass out from partying all night then this is the place for you. Not a glitzy hotel, but I personally would rather pay less for a room so I could have more money to do other stuff. The pool was nice and clean..perfect for 100+ degree weather.
#66 is the best!! I have recommended it to everyone that goes there and not one person has disagreed with me.
The name says it all .. This place is really my second kitchen when I'm back in Vegas .. I recommend the carnitas or a carne asada burrito ... Both made very well and always filling ... Try rhe nachos but bring a friend cause it's a huge dish
It's a hooters... So yea greasy food, cheap beer, tight shirts. Ya dig? Maybe don't bring your girlfriend on the first date. Good place to watch a sports game with pals. Service is friendly, all of the girls are very amicable. Welcome to hooters.
Very tasty food and drinks! Its a little pricey, but worth it if you want something better than a typical chain.
First time here and Not a fan. This place has been here forever. There must be something good here if they are still open. Well to be honest I will not be back. . Hope you continue stay open for many more years. :)
It's good for beginners
Bodrick's is neighborhood BBQ Joint with great food and packed into a small space! Great service, great BBQ, Wings,Sides, and desert! One of the best Mac and Cheese cook's in the southeast! Not much to look at on the outside, but lot's to brag on on the inside!
hate to do this but carmines is back open. horizon and carnagie. last time we ate here was without liam and not the same. was charged 9.50 for a wells banana bread beer? really? bartender just said \"dont kill the messenger\" \ncarmines pizza is still the best in henderson
look at all the pics. nuff said!
Very helpful and attentive even for being so busy; the two working on Memorial Day were very nice to deal with.
Woo hoo I'm at big hero 6 and loving it.  Great seats, fresh popcorn and they serve beer and wine.  What a great way to watch a great movie.
The fusion tacos were bomb and the service was awesome! I'll be back for sure.
if you're looking for customer service do not go to Bacchanal Buffet!  We hiked the maze to the buffet to show up at 10:01 only to be turned away.  Absolutely no compassion!
Impressed by the decor but the food not so much.  I guess I a sushi snob.  I'm sure the one in NY is 10 times better.  I would hope so for their sake.
This place is best for its value - 30 bucks for 18 holes is pretty decent.  Unfortunately, the conditions are just not good.  The greens were burned and difficult to putt.  Finally, the holes were all pretty similar.  If you have to play here it is decent, but any other public golf course in Charlotte is better.
Cool theme for a coffee shop but nothing to write home about. The house cold press coffee I had was mediocre. They advertise four different ways to brew your coffee, however dont really provide a variety of different coffee blends to customize your brew. Overall, cool theme, ok coffee.
It was my only buffet experience in Vegas. Went to a 4pm show at the Flamingo and decided to eat right after the show.  There was a line, but the wait was minimal. Food all seemed fresh. We had a view of Flamingos and a waterfall. The price seemed more than reasonable for the quality and selection.
It took forever for me to get help from an employee.  Once someone did come to assist me, they had to go and ask another employee for assistance.  I just gave up and bought the few things I had already found on my own and left.
Friendly staff. Can't beat the 1.75 draft beer. Delicious spicy tuna tempura rolls. Definitely will be back
Worst Burritos ever.  I come from Mission in SF so my bar is high.  Still I think it's not a edible burrito what they serve here.  AT your own risk.
OK airport. Layout is fine - food choices vary across terminals; in mine, not great choices. Clean & bright. Conveniently located to suburbs around Phoenix. It works -
Good quality chinese food for a buffet!
Asked what veggies are in the Teriyaki Bowl and got nothing of what the girl told me. I got a bunch of mushrooms instead which I can't stand..
One of my favorite places to stay in Vegas.  Free wi-fi with the resort fees.  Free wi-fi in the food court.  Very nice rooms and very helpful staff.  The room has nice extras and extra large.  Highly recommended.  Nice Casino, Nice Food Court, Good shopping; nice shows available to see also.
I find that Kimberly's review of this place is just perfect. I must add that while I enjoyed this place, it has its flaws. I think next time I will find a more local hostel away from the hustle and bustle of St. Catherine.
Very little selection for work boots and when asking sales associate grandpa mike for assistance he states \"what you see is what we got\" and simply walks away. Look for another sales associate to find two other just chatting away in another aisle.    Surprised they have been in business so long. ...
They get three stars for the quick takeout and I do like the curry and lettuce wraps.  I'll be the first to admit that the food isn't great, but it's OK if it's one of those average weeknights.
Horrible service, I went in there to buy a phone and they wouldn't let me because they thought I was a fraud. It took me 2 days just to get a phone.
My favorite Chinese food delivery in Charlotte! The are quick and the food is amazing.  I have tried several things from here and they are all good! Not to mention, it's cheap! I love this place! If you're looking to have food delivered this is somewhere you should consider.
Customer Service is unreal, as in outta this world friendly.\nThank you for helping us every time we go in there.
I got my haircut here and the lady who was working screwed up my hair. This is the worst hair saloon ever !!!
I found this Chinese Restaurant on Yelp. It's good food, affordable prices and great sesame Chicken. Prices are fair and they offer large portions...definitely lots of leftovers. I would highly recommend!
This location was closed by the landlord.  Very disappointing.  Enjoyed eating there before.
YES even more awesome now!\n\nThey just recently put in Diner, which is an incredibly fun 80's Williams game. They also revamped Tales of the Arabian Nights so it plays a lot better now.
This place sucks for delivery. I thought jimmy johns was supposed to be fast... Waited almost 40 mins for them. Note to self: never used them again.
The boyfriend and I went for a UFC this past weekend. No UFC cover which is always nice. Nice, large outdoor patio with good TV's (sound could've been louder). Good atmosphere with firepit and a giant Jenga game!\n\nWe'll be back!
My Mother love it great place.
It's absolutely crazy to me that you have to argue with them to get the amount of sauce that you need for a to go order, yet when you dine in, its unlimited. Makes no sense what so ever and I will not return, I'd rather make the drive to the next closest place and go somewhere that appreciates my business.
Awesome event! Fun for the whole family. Get involved and support your local businesses
I'm a sucker for a restaurant with a piano bar.  This one has lots of history too.  Love the escargot, caesar salad, steaks, cocktails, servers in black tuxes, red leather high-back booths.  You got the idea.
LOVE Orvis clothing! HATE the indifferent, non-service, that I experienced.
It is reasonably priced, but the food is more like a Chili's.  It was good for the price. Wait staff was also very friendly and attentive.
The toasted coconut ice cream is outstanding! There is really nothing more to say.
The wait time is ridiculous, but the place is relatively small. Packed places mean good food though. Which was the truth! The hazelnut pancakes were delicious. The omelet could have more salt, but tasted fairly well. The hash browns could have been cooked better but I enjoyed them.
Pretty average. Would equate it to a Chili's or Red Robin. Service was 5 stars. And the local music they had going was 5 stars too. Drinks were a little steep... food was good, just not very unique.
This place had terrible customer service and I would not recommend this place to anyone. It was a fun place to bowl but overall experience was horrible.
The brisket and peach tea were to die for...An excellent choice. I encourage you to eat at Jim 'n Nicks.
First time, and I'll be back! The beet salad and roasted veggies were wonderful. Really good desserts too. Service was excellent, unlike Windsor, there is plenty of parking.
Fabulous!  First time here and recommend to the restaurant from people who live in this area!  The Israeli salad was perfect and fresh!  The sampler platter was awesome!!!  Oh and the warmed baklava with honey and pistachios on too, to die for!  Will be back!
This is always one of my favorite stops when visiting the Strip. A wide variety of party favors and Pittsburgh paraphernalia.
Dim Sum was mediocre, some dishes were cold. The taste was okay not great. Inside looks a bit dirty and out dated. Not a whole lot of variety to choose from.
If I could use zero stars, I would. JOANN, very bad service, and an amazingly snobby attitude. I work in retail and I know bad service when I see it.
We went there to get some good chicken wings and the big problem was that they were cold! I have had better chicken wings in other Hooters.
Love this place!! Could not be more perfect....Atmosphere, food and service....all outstanding! Of course...the Bang Bang Shrimp is always a most. So excited one has opened in Summerlin. Can't wait to go!
Worst prices on lube.. terrible decorum..  bad customer service.  Don't shop here.  YOU will get ripped off
The food is good, but after we got our food, the waiter and a kitchen worker went outside to smoke a cigarette and left the door open.  The entire restaurant filled with gross smoke. Unpleasant experience and won't be back. We will call in for pick up next time.
Just left this store got my I phone 5 fixed done in one hour. Had a coffee at Starbucks while I Waited right next door. Perfect service thanks cameron !!
A dive bar with decent drink prices. Good for a conversation, bad for excitement. They do have a couple pool tables and an up to date Golden Tee machine.
The setting is very fun and great energy.  Food was very basic but then we did just order basic items.  Service was friendly and fast.
Even though they were featuring really great discounts, I found the stuff at this store to be not of the same quality as the regular Bebe store. Everything in the store reminded of stuff you'll find at Forever 21 stores which is not a good thing.
I still prefer Orlean's oyser bar's pan roast. This is just \"A-OK\" as yelp marks the 3 stars.
Great place! I used to work at the cab company. I'd come here like every other day.\nAwesome food! Awesome Service. \nWay better then that burger joint next door. \nMy go-to for Mexican.
Best machaca around, hands down. The places gets busy, but you cannot beat the price and the food all around is good.
One of the great drawbacks of living in a great town like Phoenix is the dearth of great Korean food.  With that said, no other korean restaurant is comparable when considering all factors.   The exception is when soon dubu is the craving, Chodang a few miles south gets the nod..
I honestly don't understand the fascination with this place.  I tried the chocolate fudge cupcake and I thought it was rather dry. \nThe service was ok.
I was disappointed.  The food wasn't very good and everything was pretty expensive.  I had a steak sandwich and a beer and it came out to more than $40.  I felt like this place was designed more for tourists and not for locals.  My date had the chocolate drink and it was okay.
This is our 2nd time eating here and I haven't been disappointed yet.. The food the atmosphere and the staff are so nice!! If it wasn't so far we would definitely brunch here more often..
Outstanding service and great food. Enough said.
Way over priced. Bartender is cute in the face but clearly miserable. Beer tap selection is far & wide though!
Muy Fuerte! This place is sexy, swank, and fun! A great place for any special occasion or date night. Their drinks are incredible, the food is decent, and the desserts are fun! Arrrrriiiibbbaa!!!!
NY steamer and coke freestyle machine = perfect lunch any day!
I've been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Try breakfast, have a cup of (GOOD) coffee and a salmon omelet. It comes with potatoes coated with garlic-y goodness and as salmon omelets go, it's definitely one of the best I've had.
They close at 6 and that's that.  Don't ask for any favors.  As a loyal long time customer I got turned away right at 6.  Always great service and a great cut but after this I'm seriously considering taking my business else where.
Just tried to check this one out based on Yelp reviews but they were closed. Sunday morning 8:00 am. Bummer
Meat jun was good, macaroni salad was nice and creamy, kimchee was on point I love garlic so it was definitely awesome. The garlic chicken was definitely my favorite. The chicken katsu was a bit underwhelming. All in all its definitely better than Ono Hawaiian BBQ.
We were extremely satisfied with the service and selection of rvs here. Mileage was was also reasonable compared to other establishments in the area. Nyle and Andrea were very accommodating and even tossed in a few extra sheets for us. Issues which occurred while on the road were resolved amiably.
I'm a bit picky when it comes to BBQ.  Rollin smoke BBQ definitely is a legit place!  AWESOME food as well as service!  A must now every time I'm in Vegas!
LOVE this place. Friendly staff, great food, great ambiance.
Crap food.
Stacy is a very skilled professional, very sweet, and very gentle. I had a Brazilian and my underarms done and my skin is baby soft. I've been to some of the nicer spas in NYC and LA and this was by far my best waxing experience. I highly recommend.
I've never been a fan of buffets, but the Bellagio's won me over when it first opened. But it seems this place has gone down hill over the years. The food just isn't very good any more.
My favorite was cotton candy & the soup selection: wonton, pho, and shrimp soups. Other than this, everything else was average.
* now out of business *\nA few hits and too many misses...won't be ordering from them again. Soggy stuffed grapes leaves, cucumbers wilted, yuck. Initially I liked this place.
I reserved a car for my parents for their trip to Vegas over the weekend. They said the car was decent (it better have been for $300) but they had to wait in line 2 and a half hours to get the car. Thanks for nothing guys!
This place is slightly scary... Food in cases as soon as you walk in looks horrid... I got a veggie dish that wasn't horrible but I won't be back.  One vegetarian option only and the place just has a sad run down feel to it....
Food is ok...drinks or ok...beer is beer but I love pubs so if I'm at mandalay Bay I stop for a pint no matter what!!!!  My ex says it's the best shepherds pie he's had in this whole entire life so maybe try that!
I stopped in for a breakfast sandwich which is normally $3.25 at every other subway I have visited. Here it was $6. Absolutely insane. The sand which was fine-nothing special (is it ever at subway?)  and the staff were kinda rude when I asked why the price was so much more vs everywhere else.
Higher end restaurant. You should probably dress up. Pre-nights are held here.\n\nI'd only recommend going here only for happy hour appetizer specials and drinks\n\nOff-campus in Urbana.
Tried one of their different sushi and the food here is much better but the waitress staff need to be much more organized and efficient! And what kind of professional establishment doesn't have bottled water?\nOr any Cannes drinks besides cheap alcohol?
One of my favorite Italian restaurants in Charlotte. The service is impeccable and the waiters are knowledgable regarding the wine selections and specials. The white bean dip (served with fresh baked bread at the table) is incredible. I love their pasta specials and their desserts are super tasty.
Hated this place.\n\nEssentially closed down and complete waste of my time. Wish I had known as I literally drove 45 minutes to get there...
This place is fantastic! My friends and I went on a Friday evening around 5pm and it was fantastic, service was great, DEENA is awesome. She is fun and energetic and she ensures you have the best service. I am a lover of rooftops and this place has a great view of the city! Drinks are also reasonably  priced.
Fun little hole in the wall. Back behind the Starbucks at 16th and Bethany Home Rd.
Very mediocre for the price.  Service was lacking.  Won't be returning.
Love the food but the service the past 4 times has been not pleasant. There is a worker who isn't professional and sometimes his comments can be rude. I just want to eat in peace and not be bugged with nonsense like this kid skates around doing.
Sushi is inconsistent. I've had bad sushi here several times. Habachi is very good, but on the pricier side
It's a Denny's, what can you really say? Food was exactly as expected, though I did enjoy their new coffee. The service at this location was great, and our waitress was super funny.
Warning warning, the food here is for pig, not for human. The worse part, they give me only one bowl to puke instead of three.
Horrible service, greasy food, orders always incorrect.   Go elsewhere!!
Amazing. Try the 2 slice and drink meat special on Fridays
This little Bistro is beyond all that is ever amazing WOW!! We had a chocolate and strawberry crepe and it was the best ever!! I can't imagine not giving this place five stars or more.  We will be back specifically for Payard. Oh WOW!!!!!!
This place is no better then a Denny's and they charge twice as much. Food wasn't good at all.
Inside the Planet hollywood, walked over from bellagio or cosmo when ever have craving. Can't go wrong with their best sandwich in the world combo.
Great selection of post-holiday sales and friendly staff to help find what I needed.  Found plenty of little socks with monkeys on them, pajamas, and had no trouble with sizing.  Great vibe in the store.  Convenient location adjacent to Rock Bottom Brewpub at Dessert Ridge is nice as well.
It is not your average-Charlotte menu. Most of the food is fried and it is certainly flavorful, but I wouldn't say spicy or hot. \n\nIt is a decent casual place to grab lunch and I would certainly go back.
Great store....love the set up and the new operating. Floor plan. Great customer service and friendly staff.
I have been going here for a while now and my opinion has changed quite a bit. I love the scheduling and the small class size, but that is about it. They cost way to much for what you get. Teachers are not that great, no employer I have met so far knows of this school, and the financial aid department is a joke..
This is a great family place. Pretty good pizza, laid back and great ice cream at the Pink Spot right next door.  They have interesting pizzas by the slice (Greek pizza!)  My kids can act as autistic as they are and no one gives us a sideways glance.  You can get breakfast at the PinkSpot
Came here for breakfast waiting to get my haircut at the barber close by. The guy who cooked my food just touched a bunch of money and didn't bother to wash his hands. The bacon looked over a week old and the potatoes looked a few days old as well.
Meh, Not terrible but not great. Sushi was ok, service was ok, and prices were ok. The ambiance had a very ostentatious feel to it that I didn't enjoy. Not a bad experience but would go somewhere else when craving sushi
Good spot for families and kids. Avoid the snow cones, but be sure to try a sundae in the waffle bowl. The coconut ice cream was excellent. My only complaint is they have much more chocolate/caramel flavors than they do fruity flavors.
Living up to their reputation, this is a mist for steak! The bone-in filet is the cats meow!!! Lobster mac cheese, o yes!Bring your gold card. The 007 table is a neat deal...
Slowest place ever!!! No matter if you go inside or wait in the drive thru, although the inside is a little quicker. I would have preferred to go across the street to the Target or Albertson's Starbucks.
one of our favorite restaurants in vegas\n\n3rd time back \n\nspaghetti and meatballs are the best! and the deep fried oreos with a cup of vanilla ice cream is the best way to finish a meal!
Ahh feel like heaven when I take a zip of Hot Double Chocolate Mocha....awesome place to hangout especially at night.
Good food!  The BBQ turkey was great.  I haven't found anything on the menu that I don't like.
The root salon is such a cute place, great customer service and amazing end product. Went in for a color and cut and was booked with Emily B. Love my hair, can't rave enough about her work. She brought life back to my dull dry hair.
Mostly great food. Love the small menu as big ones make me crazy and I can't ever decide quickly.
there is a reason i put up with other clubs in Las Vegas...\n\n\n...and not this one.
Pros: tons of equipment of various price points to try out; price matching of any online or brick/mortar authorized distributor (non-bundled items only)\n\nCons: everything else
The Farm was ok. However, charging $5 to get in and then trying to nickel and dime you to death by charging another $3 for a small petting zoo, and another $3 to go through a maze, is ridiculous in my opinion.
Dinner: had Dosa and Baigan bartha. It was good. \nLunch buffet: was also good.
I saw nothing bad about it! Limited starbucks drinks (very well quality), selections on pastries, donuts were pretty good (not low quality) ice cream is good too, prices are a reasonable.
Good food and great service. The facilities are amusing: a lighted wall of blocks of brazilian salt
Tasty food and friendly staff. Been coming here a few years. The prices have risen lately, but still within my budget for Indian food.
I'm with Ada G. on this one.  I've had some different things from here and every time I get a stomach ache too.  Now don't get me wrong, it always tastes great, it just doesn't feel good afterwards.  I can't figure it out...
Just joined but amazing so far!  Enormous and always feels uncrossed. Wish the men's locker-room had toiletries and personalized/private lockers but apart from that the place is very friendly, clean, and well organized.
To save money, I took my Mini Cooper for an oil change here but you have to bring your own filter, drain plug and filter removal tool. The techs were very friendly too.
I love these cakes - great flavor, moist, sweet frosting, over all delicious.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  However I only gave 4 stars because the store is closed on Sunday, the day I usually crave their cake!
I did not eat here, but stopped in for drinks after dinner . Our bartender  Robert was friendly and engaging.  They have a nice balcony area with a great view.   I have heard good things about the food, but have not tried it myself.
In terms of shisha, they have a good selection (I recommend the rose). In terms of decor  I personally find it disagreeable (lots of velvet), and usually the music as well (hard rock most of the time). They are the cheapest hookah lounge however which is a redeeming factor.
Great food if you can survive the wait to receive it after you order. Over 50 minutes from the time of ordering to the time of receiving our food.
Great show!  I haven't laughed this hard in ages.
Food was really good! Very good service too
The worse service ever She went to charge me and said the last time I was in the machine didn't work and charged me for the last time i was in. Ripped off!!!Will never go there again!!!
Very good attention to detail. Waitstaff very knowledgeable about menu items. Quality food prep and presentation. The wagyu beef was presented under a glass dome enclosing wood smoke. Crispy brussels sprouts were excellent. \nTrendy clean decor, well run operation.
Typical Denny's - fast service mediocre food
Been here several times n foods always been good!  Stick with the house specialty (beef soup) and you can't go wrong.\n\nTheir kimchi has been pretty solid (not over fermented).
I can't honestly review the food. Establishment was clean and inviting. However, being vegetarian/pescatarian there was not much on the menu to accommodate. The only protein choices are beef, chicken and lamb. Crazy pita offers shrimp.
We have visited many times and the service has always been great. The Kung Poa chicken is great. We keep trying new items and they are always very good.
Absolutely horrible! !! Waited 3 hours to see the doctor. The reception is ghetto and needs to find another job. No respect for their patients.  They make you wait 3 hours to see the doctor. Don't go!! Didn't want to pick a star but you have too.
Great food. Smoked venison sandwich is amazing. Long wait for lunch and the host acted though as we were putting him out by telling him we'd wait for a table. That was the only con. The local Scottish sodas are really good too.
Just what we need, another so-called burger joint. The food here is low grade dog food.
Lvoe this place!!!!
best five dolla balla burger and fires in the downtown. Downtown devils should show this place some love or this devil of a lizard will make you pay for your atomic ways. I wouldn't do it for a happy hour or drink, but for lunch on a weekday? this is the SPOT!
Top notch, professional massage.  He clearly knows his stuff, and takes the entire process very seriously.  This is the first ever 5-star review I've ever given on Yelp, and it is well deserved.
Great burgers and excellent beer selection with many screens to watch sports.  Parking is a bit of a pain
Felt like I was smoking hookah in my garage. Horrible decor, mediocre hookah. Definitely better options in the surrounding area. Our server was difficult to understand.
Staff were very friendly and courteous.  Food only so so. Taco shells tasted very old I did not eat mind (smelled like bad oil).  Food temperature was warm could be hotter.
Great sushi!  Great service. Great atmosphere. They have real nice private seating that you should try out for date night. \n   Also - the 100%best shrimp sauce !
Would not use them. They could not even get a surprise flower delivery executed correctly.
Okay place for a late drink social.  Right across from Marriott Hotel and within walking distance within Downtown Mesa.  This is the first and only sports bar I visited that sells Arizona Lotteries, very unique.
Eh honestly I don't even know or remembered what I ate here....I wish I took a picture like everything else I eat...3 stars because my friends said it was alright drunk diner food
Cozy and comfortable, but the whiteness of the place might shock you to begin with.\n\nThe broth could use a little more, kick.
Worst pedicure I've ever received.  So uncomfortable and awkward.  Truly awful experience. Polish is bubbled up and chipping after two days. Compete waste of money. Never again.
I was excited to try this place, but I just don't get the hype.  Hot dogs were good, fries good, Italian beef was nothing special.  Service was good, fast, staff very friendly.  Not close to where we live in Phoenix and not worth the special trip, but would eat there again if we were in the area.
I had a great burger, staff was johnny-on-the-spot, and enjoyed watch a stein hoisting competition. It was a pretty good experience.
They have good warranties on their tires but in my opinion they work very slow. They were pretty empty and I had to wait 30 min to patch a tire.
I originally thought this place would be a great weekend hangout. Went once and it was pretty good, went again and we sat for 15 minutes being ignored by multiple staff while they meandered around straightening table cloths and chatting. We tried to get their attention to no avail. We gave up and went somewhere else.
i ordered a 2 to mango smoothie that has 0grams of fat but she added premade juice and pink lemonade sorbet... kind of ruins my diet plan... it took me 10 minutes to get a smoothie which i dont even think was made correctly!
Not a very good Little Caesar's experience. I phoned the order in and got there to discover they'd made the wrong pizza. They remake our pizza, no discount of any kind for my wait, and it barely has any toppings on it. Not very happy with our experience.
Drinks are nostalgic and fun. But expensive.  But they charged a cmf fee that irritated me. If you want to charge more for a drink put the price on the menu.
Amazing! Coffee Amazing! The food was soo good, I went 2 \nWeekends in a row! I'm\nDefinitely a fan!
Came back two years later and with no customers in there the lady still took 5 mins to greet us. Then we were greeted by \"what? What you looking for?\" Lmao how is this place still in business. We walked right out. What a P.O.S
We were seated after 30 minutes even though there were only a few customers. 2 servers seemed busy but actually they had nothing to do. When we were ready to order, it took us 10 mins to get the serve's attention.  Im a server so im more understanding than anyone. However, it wasnt busy at all.
Horrendously managed. Terrible service. Very rude and the managers seem to treat their employees with no respect. The drinks a watery and the tap selection is average. Food is ok but not worth a trip over to this joint. I don't recommend.
Extremely slow. We made a reservation for hibachi and an hour after arriving they have not yet started cooking. The miso soup was good, but their salad came with some chunky orange dressing that didn't taste good.
Everything was delicious!! Barbacoa was a little salty but still good, nice and tender!  Red chile burrito was the the hit! Love this place recommend to all!
The  best  show I have ever seen from Cirque, Music, set, everything leaves you Breathless.\nA memory sure to last a lifetime.\nA show not to  miss, if I get the chance will see it again.
I love the family meal here. Good deal 30 dollar 5 entrees
Great service, always great food.  Every time we're in Vegas, we go there.
Great service, happy hour & atmosphere :)
I went to this restaurant and I was not that impressed. I ordered the Chilean sea bass and it was quite bland! The happy hour isn't bad but they need to season their food a bit more!
When i lived in Arizona, i always traveled to their North Phoenix location.  Recently i was in Tempe and realized they opened one there.  The food was just as good and i was so happy to have my favorite Torta the Nortena Steak Torta! I can't wait to visit again when i'm in town.
What is there to say its Applebees. Food is generally reasonably priced but decent tasting at best. Its convenient for an easy bite. This location is clean and usually has pretty good service.
We have eaten here several times and have always had a good burger. The atmosphere is great. I can't say anything bad at all.
After eating here, I appreciated more living in TX where the mighty Whataburger is King! :-) Five Guys is even better than Fatburger. Although my burger was overloaded with pepper, it was good but nothing to rave about. I will give it another try. \n\nEat Up!
Not impressed.  Food ok service ware was dirty.
I loved this place felt like I was back in Hawaii. Had a nice comfy island feel to it and the food was awesome. The pancakes were incredible and there griddles are too. The prices are awesome ad well.
Miss the original biscuits. Cutting cost??? Love the BBQ chicken salad except it's very lonely without the biscuit.
We all LOVE Thursdays with Debbie at the bar!  She is a keeper!
Fun place and the service was good.   Food not bad.  I would go back.
Hands down best indian food I've ever had. The owner is super nice and the food potions are generous and they've never disappointed. I've been here many times and the food is consistent and always delicious! A must visit!
Best ribs. Pecan coleslaw is to die for as well. This is where I always come if I want unparalleled too quality BBQ. Service and staff are always on point and friendly. I usually go for the platter and get a little of everything.
Fair play to the owner who contacted me to make things right the next time I visit. With that kind of attention to customer experience I am sure this place will succeed.
Dr.Patric Hernandez-Kline,\n'm glad I found out about you from one of your colleagues Dr.Alvarez who moved out of the area. I'm amazed in how much care & time you put into every patient of yours. I feel my health concern at every level have been met! Maria
I have ordered 3 times so far. Delivery is always super quick. My daughter loves the wonton soup and sesame chicken. I have tried several sushi and sashimi options. Impressive! Our new Fave!
Extremely pricey, rude security guards, super snotty casino dealers and staff.  Beautiful decor and nice rooms, but for sure not worth the price nor the stick in your butt attitude.
\"Almost didn't go after reading all the bad reviews but so glad we did! I've spent 20+ years in the hospitality and service industry and must say that the food was great and service wast right on target! Make your own decision, I promise you won't be disappointed!\"
I placed an order for pickup, but it took me 4-5 tries to get through. Parking is a beast during the week, carry out parking would be nice. \n\nThe staff is friendly and the food is super fresh. The border bowl is big enough to share, so prepare yourself if you order solo.
Sooo much better than I remember from 06 and than the reviews said it would be. They really are changing everything - and in a good way! Really good! Everything is brand new, and you can tell. Spotless and shiny. I'm really impressed.
Great place! Love that it is so close to my house. Try the cake batter flavor.
The lemonade is amazing as is the tuna sandwich (make sure to get it hot). One of my fav places to get a quick delicious lunch!
If you don't order the crispy rice salad, then don't bother eating here.  The relatively few poor reviews can probably be explained away by the simple fact that they missed the best things on the menu, and this one is the best of the best.
This is one of the greatest values left in America.  $15 for a whole day of fun.  The river goes very slow and you float for up to 4 hours.  If you ever go to Phoenix, don't miss this one.
Long lines but amazing burger and fries as always. \n\nI always get the double double and the fries animal style. You cannot go wrong with that. \nManager was super sweet and nice
Great show. We loved it. The kids (7 and 9y) were laughing hysterically and liked it more than Zarkana.
Once a church, now club...\nWorth 'Open Edina' visit!\nFestival staple.
nice hotel and best bang for the buck
My experience here was okay.  Service was just a little slow, but not so much that I would not come back.  My boyfriend enjoyed his pizza very much, and I had the prime rib sandwich, which again, was ok.  I would eat here again if it was convenient to do so, but would not go out of my way to return.
What can you say....\"Perfect\"
This restaurant makes you feel special. The staff are very polite and nice. Outside area is full of flowers and quiet, you may forgot that you are in the middle of down town. The main dish prepared artistically and it is super delicious. Do not forget to have dessert there. tiramisu is well made.
I don't know why they have bad ratings. Best Mexican in this area. Mini carne asada tacos are yummy. Good prices and I always get my food fast.
Man, Starbucks, way to completely butcher my requested pumpkin spice latte.  The pumpkin powder was still floating around the edges of the cup and it tasted awful too.  I've had this drink at many Starbucks and this is the only place that messed it up.  I'm no longer surprised at the low reviews!
Great service and terrific beer selection.   Food is average to good.  No wifi!!  Need to get it to compete.
Don't believe bad reviews. This place is top notch and beats spending $150 per night on the strip. Get a free 2 night stay on the weekend by buying a package from Ontario mills. 149 and you get all your money back at the resort!
this place is nice i like how full it is and the live band.  they have $5 table and you can stay there all night, I did not like the pong beer game but, just dont play. that game is nasty. all the table were not full but the place was full enough for me.
We still come here at least twice a month, so amazing!!:) My husband makes a quick phone call after work, I run and get it with my son and everyone's smiling faces greet and thank us:) LOVE IT!!
T
I stopped in here yesterday for a quick lunch.  I dine here at least once every couple of months.  Always great service, good specials, and tasty food.
Prompt, efficient and friendly service. Much better than average JIB. Keep up the good work!
Food was ok. Fried rice excellent. However, service was terrible. Each of our four person party's entrees was delivered 5-10 minutes apart. By the time my son's meal arrived, my mother-in-law had been politely staring at her soup for 20 minutes. Also, staff was rude. Don't recommend.
Wow!!! Is all I can say. The Frickin annoying drunk guy talking so LOUD like he was the only one in the bar made it so wed never come back. Cussing loudly with the bartender so so bad. I wanted to stand up an tell the guy to ARGUE.
Probably best cafe in champaign. I'm from Chicago and this cafe can compare to some of the best cafes in Chicago.
Nicely hidden gem serving genuine southern fare if you're interested in a simple meal out. Very generous portions served by polite staff. The fried okra was just like my grandma's and the chicken- fried steak was as good as I used to get in East Texas. Go for the fried green tomatoes for an appetizer.
Absolutely amazing.. impeccable food and view.. I love this place. One of my top three in vegas.
Breakfast burrito left me feeling naseous all day. Very greasy yet dry meat..weird combo.\n\nPeople are nice and it is clean so I guess that's good?
great cocktails! delicious food!
If I could give this place no stars I would.  Possibly the worst service I have ever had.  There are a lot of choices in the area, choose somewhere other than this place.  Absolutely awful.
Good place to get ice cream water whatever u need staff is awesome only downside is they don't have enough room to keep out all the ice cream flavor they have out so if u have a taste for something it may not be out
Ya, it's called Monkeypants, cute.  It's a dive with cheap beer and a cute name.  They do have a ton of board games if your in the mood.  It's dark inside, which is nice sometimes on a hot day.\n\nI give it a 3star for cheap beers.
Owners also own location on Gilbert road which seems to get more attention.  Service at bar area is good, but table service is hit or miss.  Not sure why you can't order a dozen wings anymore - when did it become 10?\n    \nRumours that they are closing this location.
Every time I come to this branch there are only 2 tellers and 20 people in line. But they have 10 teller windows. Can  you guys get more help? This is ridiculous!!!
Went there with a huge group of friends and family and received excellent service. Every dish that came out had mouth watering presentation and the service was amazing. Can't find a more hopping atmosphere. Special shout out to Taylor for hooking it up. Highly recommended.
The lady was a little rude to me when I was smelling/looking at the teas. They have  great products though.Nice place to sit.
something are priced high others not. good if you want a funky addiction to your wardrobe
I tasted thheir turkey brie sandwich with their beet and arugulla salad. Delicious! But they don't have much other food.  Their menu is limited.  I believe its more of a coffee place.
Very clean place. Selection was limited but what they did have was prepared very well. Breakfast was good with the menu improving for dinner. Overall no complaints.
We were seated right away but waited for a waiter to take our drink order. There were only 5 tables and after 5 minutes someone came to take our order. She was in a hurry and acted as if we were not important. Looking out the window while we were talking and asking questions and started walking away in the middle of the conversation. Service is terrible.
Excellent baby backs. Everything homemade.
Today Nails is a great place for a pedicure.  Fast service, nice staff, great massage chairs and a glass of wine to get you relaxed! Clean, safe, great work, reasonably priced.  I've recommended this salon to quite a few friends and all have been satisfied.
Place is OK but I have to be honest I'm not gastro-pub's fan. Drinking a beer and smell of burgers all of the time, it isn't perfect match for me.... but if you like...
Awesome cocktail menu, fantastic service, great environment, and the best fries I've had in a long time.
Breakfast guilty pleasure :)
Yea. Had massive stomach pains at 2:30 AM after eating here. \n\nI hate this place.\n\nI seriously hate this place.\n\nThis place is what's wrong with the Pittsburgh dining scene.
Can be pricey if you go all out but I went for HH and paid $25 for a cheese pot, a salad, a glass of wine and dessert. Not too shabby. The bartender was very friendly and knew his stuff! Portions were large and I left very satisfied and will definitly be back.
Love this place. Only spot in phoenix that I can find a salt bagel. Staff is great and the coffee is awesome. Good place to sit outside with the doggies too. Only draw back is that it is kind of pricey.
I'm a Starbucks junkie. This one wins with the view. You have a perfect view of Edinburgh Castle! The only issue is the stairs. It is not handicap assessable. I was fine, but I immediately wondered how they were able to build a location like this.
The hamachi sashimi appetizer was one of the best things I've ever eaten!  The balance of flavors was superb. I will go back to Vegas just for that dish.
I ordered the lemon-blueberry hoecakes with crab cake eggs Benedict. Both were AMAZING!! I would have given 5 stars but the service leaves a lot to be desired. I will come back and try again!!
My third timing coming. I really want to work with them because there's not much Chinese in Phoenix and the staff is super nice; however, the sauce is horrible! More so, it seems like every sushi us cooked in the same hiring, blabs way too sweet sauce. I will not be back.
I've been going to plasma for a few years now met some amazing friends. This place is really awesome! It really is the gay Cheers!
This place is great especially when it's 2 for 1. 32 for 1 hour is a great deal... All my  experiences at this place were all good except for one, but that was my first massage. Now I know what to ask for.
I went to this taco bell one day to get the D-Back's special, but they refused to change the crunchy tacos in to soft tacos.  All last year they did this so what makes this year any different?
Typical 50'5 style diner fare.\n\nThe food is good, the wait staff is always friendly.\n\nKids menu items are only $.99, excluding drinks.  So if you really want to save some dough, tell your kids to just order water.\n\nIt's worth a try.
In all honesty I don't have kids that go here but I have relatives that do and they love it. I know they researched every option in town and decided on this school. The standards are high and they don't let kids get away with slacking. Seem to really work to bring out each child's potential.
The room was nice and the hotel was clean but there was a lot of mechanical noise. $18 for parking is a bit much.
Went here for brunch and was pleasantly surprised by the yummy food choices. I ended up having the Phoenician. Friendly staff and fast service!
Food was great, service was slow, could use an extra pair of hands. Wished they had more KFC to offer :(
Burger was pretty bland.  Girl at the counter was very friendly.  Would not go back for the food.
Large room, ok bed, worn out sofa.  Lousy shower.I booked the room because it was a good price and Expedia rated it as ****. Not four star hotel. The food at the hotel was lousy, won't return to the Rio
Definitely coming back here the next time I'm in Montreal!! Came here with friends for brunch and everything we ordered was spot on!! The wait wasn't that bad for us at all considering this place was packed. I recommend this place to anyone who wants a good experience in food, service and atmosphere!
I was passing thru and saw a special on hotels.com. Hotel is very dingy! I felt so disgusted that I slept in my clothes and made an early exit. Never again!!
This place was horrible..service was a disaster, food was ok but unless you feel like waiting and hour for food and having people in the back argue with you over the food then I would highly recommend never coming here, there are much much better Pho places.
I went here because of the tv show diner drive in and dives well Guy the host must have thought why did they bring me here because the food was just OK. I ahd a chicken sandwhich and onion rings ive had waaaay better
I have been to this restaurant twice, HATED the food.  The last time I went I had a great bartender. I can't remember her name, but she was good. Too bad the food couldn't live up to the service. Very poor quality menu! Great weekend drink specials and service, but food SUCKS!!
The soups and sauces are full of cornstarch and have a gooey consistency...would we ever go back?..NO
First time here. I ate the club wrap... lunch meat... hard to find... goofy music. (PS I did not go here recently.. this was old review from 2011 or 12)
Waited for 10 min in line to return an item only to get refused because item was no longer in stock.i love Ross just not the rude \ncareless employees here
I went here for lunch last week and had the most amazing turkey burger!!  There is a hint of sage that marries perfectly with the airy crispiness of the pretzel bun.  Their pomegranate green iced tea is also refreshing and delicious.  They even give you a to-go cup!
Could be one of the best breakfast I have eaten outside of my kitchen.   The staff is friendly and the food came out fast and hot. I will be back in the near future.  Order the OJ is is fresh.
So great.  Amazing. \nButtery and flaky chocolate croissants.\nI have yet to try other things, but I will need to try everything \nmultiple times....
Decent BBQ.  Ask for the super hot BBQ sauce since it isn't on the table.  The smoke wings are great but I found most of the sauces too sweet.  Price is on par for BBQ.
In my opinion, probably one of best in town for soul food.What makes Off Da Hook different from the competition is their chicken. Very well prepared and seasoning that you can actually taste. My next visit I will try the catfish
Salt & pepper shrimp... I've never left a restaurant so disappointed, and I've been to Subway.
The view is gorgeous but I wouldn't come up again. It's so small up there and cramp with people. It romantic but you'll be over it in less then 10minutes.. Seriously. Admission  is decent, they have express for those who aren't patient( my boyfriend). For 7$ more.
My first time in Vegas and this was a great place to finish up my trip. Great selection, people, and price. Best hidden gem in Vegas.
Change is not good!  The special 777 changed for the worse. No more salad included. They now give you Broccoli instead of a dinner salad.  What the hell?   Why change an old school staple?  Every restaurant in the hotel is constantly changing and it's not for the better!
I had a nice little breakfast crossiant/sandwich here and it was delicious. Place was clean and busy. Go small business!
FAIL, due to the manager trying to post a review on here, at least he was blatant about it. Also now that tanning beds have been officially classified as carcinogenic this place is totally a cancer peddler.
Good food, arrives hot, service is spectacular!
The place is really small, only has a few tables. but the open kitchen is given a big plus.\n$1.5 for extra noodles are perfect for noodle lovers. \nThe only thing is the soups is a little bit salty.
This place was clean and fairly inexpensive. There are many options to choose from including sushi, crab and Mongolian BBQ. Even my 5 year old enjoyed the food.
So I am not big on coffee, but I got the two scoops of gelato with espresso poured over it.  Dangerously delicious.
Love that this place opened up near me, if your looking for middle eastern groceries this is a good spot...the fresh flat bread is a must at my house now!
Had a bug in my sake and they did not even care! Saryah was our waitress and although attentive not friendly nor apologetic about the visitor in my drink.... will I go back probably not....2 stars cause the food was good...too bad the service was NOT
We like the hotel. We like the modern design. It's clean and the in-room dining food are tasty. \n\nThe Buffet is pretty good as well.
Always curtious and fast.  Having been to several Taco Bells across the valley this one is one of the top ten.
I loved the fries and the gyro wasn't as salty and greasy as other places I've had. I would definitely go during the day though. The place is kinda depressing....
Great place for a brew in the outdoor biergarten. \n\nFood is pretty average. I did enjoy the sausage appetizer.
I always have a good time and appreciate the fact that we can bring food and drinks to save money. All the employees are super helpful and don't fake the smile on their faces. They love to work there. Best cactus league stadium!
I'm sorry Souplantation, but I have a new favorite salad bar. Small portions of everything from burgers to sandwiches that can be accompanied by an endless salad bar for only $2 more? You can't go wrong! Everything was fresh, delicious and totally the right price. Can one please open by my house?
Abundant vegan options, even for breakfast!  Food is above average, service was great, prices really low.\n\nThe sweet potato hash with tofu scramble was especially good.
Oh hell yes, this makes travel a whole lot more bearable.  Only downside is they don't have the fry seasoning out so I can MSG overload my chicken and biscuits as well.
This is an amazing place.  Donuts are great.  No animals were tortured in their making.  My kids love them too.  A little bit of a drive for us so it remains a place we go for special occasions.  And, the owners are amazing people.  I am ready to buy a franchise!
Completely average food, prices, and atmosphere.  They are fast for a sit down restaurant, which is nice if you're in a hurry. Very standard, nothing particularly bad or good.  The Chinese food equivalent of beige.
Great location to meet people for breakfast and love the option of sitting outside while it is still nice out. The food was mediocre, nothing to write home about but nothing to complain about either. We got a large selection from omlettes to pancakes, everyone enjoyed their food. Good place to check out if you're in town.
Takes forever and they lie about how long it will take. Nobody here knows what is going on #avoid
This hotel was awful.  Rooms were dirty.  Toilet was broken.  Floors were dirty.  Dust was 4\" thick behind the bedside table (which you had to pull out to find an outlet).TV was crap (not to mention no HBO). Cheap but so are better hotels in Vegas.
It was ok. Dropped in because we were visiting and this place came highly recommended...Tried the French Press, which was okay, Lavender macaroons were pretty tasty. Just a little disappointed there were no more coconut macaroons am a big fan of anything with coconut! Service was acceptable.
I've only been here for drinks so I cannot say how the food is, but I don't have much to complain about. The service was mediocre, drinks were good, but draws an odd, older crowd.
3 stars because the food is pretty delicious. Cons: I felt like the lady in the front was really rude. She was not friendly at all. Another con was that it is pretty pricey and that they charge for to go boxes.
Nice place for a drink.  Gumbo was tasty also.
Love the mozzarella sticks and the chicken tender wraps, I get it with grilled chicken and Tk sauce, mmmm delicious! Been eating it for years! Love Taylor she's a fire cracker
This place was solid!, We stayed at the MGM for a company conference.  This place became our group hang out.  The service was good, The food was good, the table staff was pretty good.  The Bar staff was on top of their game.  The Beer selection was pretty good as well.
Not impressed at all. This place was empty on a Friday evening and there is a reason. The decor is cool, but everything else is lacking. I ordered the \"Dumps\" dumplings, that were deep fried and store bought) and I felt sick the rest of the night. \nNext...
Awesome staff, awesome beers. Food and drinks are a little pricey but thats what you have to pay for for selection.
It sucked. Been to this 3 other times but this one sucked. The singers were awful plus there were tons of open seats, they stuck us in a corner and when we asked to be moved they told us they would after the show started. Nope moved other people NOT US...THE STAFF THERE SUCKS TOO
The food is not quite four stars.. but it's a freakin' BUFFET! I've never been impressed with sushi at buffet places either, but this place does a decent job. The nigiri was yummy. \n\nBasically, don't be afraid to try it.
What a wonderful sushi spot on the strip! I was pleasantly surprised by our dinner last night at Shibuya. The rolls were yummy, the service was terrific and the overall experience made for the best sushi meal I have had on Las Vegas Boulevard.  I will be back!
Now this is my new favorite. I did not realize how much I like the real coffee cup. I used lots of paper cup before until they asked me that I would stay here for a bit longer. Since then I always asked for \"stay here\".
Had a friend bring home sandwiches and sides from here when I was sick about a year ago. I remember it being a very tasty lunch with only the freshest highest quality ingredients. I am eager to visit Lucy's in person.
Gross!
Must be a good place at night. The espresso was collecting a social security check.
Average in every way.  Not saying it was bad...just average.
The pizza was prepared to perfection. Then the owner came out with lemoncello liquor shot that was delicious. The servers were amazing! This will be a regular date night spot for me and the honey.
I was introduced to Cuisine Malaya by a good friend, and it rapidly became my favorite spot for Asian dining,\nArtistically prepared dishes, excellent service (especially Cassie!) and a real dedication to flavor and texture make this a 'don't miss' experience.
Enjoyed the bacon cheesburger. The bacon wasnso yummy! Don't know if its really my scene but...the food was good.
Do not order the chorizo!!! it was too spicy & mushy!blah!
The idiot oil change kid tried to charge me $79.95 for an oil change that I got at Honda for $29.95. Told me my
Veronica used 15 vials but made it painless. So glad I picked this location. Fast friendly front desk service in and out in 1hr15 with no appt!
Tourist trap! Pricey mediocre chinese food, not quite the same cheap eats Sam Woo like in San Gabriel, Cali. You'll be paying twice as much for a roast duck here and it's super salty. This place takes CASH ONLY!
I got drugged within 30 min if being in this club. I was so excited to see Calvin Harris spin but had to be carried out almost instantly. Terrible place and people. WATCH YOUR DRINKS!!!!!!
These guys were awesome, very customer service friendly. Found them on groupon and will definitely come back.
A Vegas must see!
These folks are getting one star because I can't express to you how bad their BBQ is. If you like dry ass chicken, go here. They advertise best BBQ in town, all LIES! If their prices weren't bad enough - I got food poisoning soon after. Just DONT
This place stinks really bad D: the only nice part of the hotel is the mcdonalds. \nBut I'm giving two stars to the two sweetest host in  front of the lobby have us tickets to an $80 show(;
I'm not a big mall fan, but this one is pretty nice.  Good selection of stores on two levels.  Food court with your usual faire.  Overall appears clean and safe.  Parking is a challenge, especially the limited handicapped parking.  Worth a trip to do some shopping if you want to get indoors.
Really good food, authentic atmosphere. Service is a bit awkward, but not bad for a family run restaurant.
Great park for the area. I do wish owners would understand the staging area. If you leave your dog on a leash you gonna have a bad time. Between the gates is where you unleash. Do this so it gives your dog freedom and allows them to run and not start a fight at the gate with the other dogs trying to be social
Slow slow slow and ran by a bunch of teenage kids chicken was very dry. Please dont wast your time and $$
Highly recommend no one go here. If you are looking for professional, competent service this will not be your go-to place. Their gel application chipped The Next Day!  By appointment, I returned 2 times: 1st time owner stood me up, second time owner's sister refused to apply a sealer to 3 nails.  Uugg!!
Very good food!!!!!
This place is kind of depressing.  I have seen it closed more then it is open.  Their Drag shows are amazing though.  It is clean, and drinks are strong and very cheap, no cover, nicely decorated.  But like I said other then the drag shows, I hardly see it open for business.
Honest, friendly, knowledgeable, fair, and polite. I get a little nervous when someone else works on my vehicle. They allowed me to watch the whole process. When their original diagnosis was wrong they went to option b and didn't charge me for the unneeded replacement. They usually very busy, but we'll worth any wait.
I came here recently with my girlfriends and mom, we all wanted to match jumpsuits they had and they were all 40% off! What a great deal! Liyana was helping us out to make sure what we needed and she did perfect even tho we were  being annoying and kept changing our minds :( sorry. Come here for great deals!
Lots of places to eat. Lots of things to do. Living in NY most of my life I loved the Latin flavor
food was awful, place to loud and noisy, not enough room to go and sit anywhere else.
Everytime I go to Vegas, \n\nI come watch this, it's romantic,it's mesmerizing, it's beauty in motion laced with the grace of dreams...
Terrible Service 20 phones to try and find my location and still couldn't. Here are some ideas to help. Possibly Invest in a GPS and an actual employee that knows the valley a little bit.  DON'T GET DELIVERY! TERRIBLE SERVICE!
Far from the strip, casino tower was old, noisy, service was poor. Casino tower bathrooms were dated.\n\nI came here for a conference, and would not have otherwise. If they hold another conference there next year, I will be staying on the strip to cab it there.
The staff here is very nice and the set up has TVs all around the family so enjoy mostly all sports, the music is nice and pretty mellow and the place is very spacey and the prices are pretty reasonable. And most importantly is the place seems to be kept clean at all times.
Order appetizers and set outside.  The waitress was very helpful.  The food was alright.  I did enjoy the specially made tortillas and the spread.
Good eye care and very convenient.
$6 for a basket of chips and flavorless salsa? no thanks.  I am sick of giving this place chances when it just is never great. Much better burritos and food around the city.
I go to Shannon for my Brazilian waxes...she makes you feel so comfortable and does a great job!  I would definitely recommend smooth skin for your waxing and tanning needs.
I love this place! What a great find. $20 all you can eat sushi during the day. I was impressed on the wide selection for the AYCE sushi.  Delicious and fresh. Not bad for the price.  Service is very quick! Definitely go here if you need a quick sushi fix.
We stopped here on our vacation.  There was a beer and wine tasting event the night we were there that really ruined the atmosphere.  The food at the steakhouse was ok for how expensive it was.  The stores had the usual western flair but also very overpriced. The western show wasn't too bad, good for kids.
Every time I have gone to eat here I have walked out because no one ever shows up to seat us. When I place a delivery order I'm put on hold for at least 5 mins. Awful vet unprofessional
The menu and website both say they have wine, but they don't at this location. Apparently they use the same menu in all of their restaurants and the locations in Florida have wine, but not here in Charlotte. My recommendation is to just take the pages out of the menu and off the website.
This designer shop lines up with lots of luxury designer shops along the air conditioned corridors of Fashion Square.  A friend asked me to scout the latest of Michael Kors' bags.  Got some lovely choices for her.  But it seems that the staff is commissioned.  That makes for an uncomfortable, subtle kind of salesperson aggression during any visit.  ew.
Waited for over an hour and a half then finally  told the chef was no longer seating anyone!  Boo!
Wednesday 2 banger is awsome
Kevin and his team did a great job of getting our sunscreens up on our house with a tight deadline. They were professional and at the end stated if there is anything you find that needs attention, don't hesitate to call.
Wasn't a huge fan of the Duck Tacos but the service was good and the Lobster Mac was VERY good. Add to that a nice Bloody Mary and the coupons they mailed out...we'll definitely be back
Not my favorite local Chinese restaurant. The interior looks so nice...but the atmosphere is slightly slovenly. The food I had was decent, but didn't have much pizazz. The menu is just a little boring. The service was also quite slow.
The chateaubriand and filet here are two of the best steaks I've had. The white truffle creamed corn is amazing.
Service was a little slow, the tacos were delicious. \n\nWhat my girlfriend complained about: the guacamole had too many onions. Slow service.
They have gluten free protein bars now! Horray!
It is inexpensive, and is an average hotel casino.  It is located mid strip. Rooms are average, but there are some really nice rooms down in a speacial area where there are like two floors. It has some multi room suites with hot tubs...it is ok....cannot complain it is cheap and fun!
AWESOME!  Excellent prices and delicious food. I ordered Mongolian Beef minus mushrooms- my meal was superb. Best Mongolian beef I've ever had! The owner was friendly and talkative. I'll be eating here again next time I'm in Madison.
The healing cocoon that I booked wasn't exactly healing or relaxing.  It was broken.  Fortunately, management knows customer service and provided a full refund.  Enjoyed all the various rooms and relaxation areas.  Not sure I will return with so many options in Vegas.
Good food, fine happy hour, shit service. Don't go if you're in a hurry
the cafe meow is my favorite! everyone here is so nice. it's a really cute place to hang out too. Love the vibe
only been to the one at the M hotel, but it is top notch, great food great service
Grunter. Haggis. Chilli relish if I'm feeling a bit randy.\n\nNapkin, Fork, Foil. \n\nDamn. Life's. Good.
I am not Korean and I sort of felt like an outsider here.   We only ordered hot pots, which were well made, but nothing special.   If I was going to do Ayce BBQ I would prefer Sura over Woonam Jung, because Sura you can serve yourself and Woonam I found the service kind of slow.
I joined last weekend & absolutely love it!  The owner (Janelle) & trainer (Blake) are amazing, the equipment is extremely well-maintained, & I'm beyond pleased with my decision to join.  The club is clean, temperature is just right, & the 24/7 secure access is perfect.
Been here for breakfast many times.  Lunch only a few.  Great American food with speedy service and fair prices.   Only four stars because of the wait on the weekends which actually shows how good this place really is. Never been during the week but it would be a regular lunch destination if I worked downtown.
Makes some of my favorite bagels in the world.  Great place for breakfast, but the challah is a little sketchy some days, knowing a Jewish friend.  I can also get my Chompies bagels at the grocery store which another added plus.
The cookies are pretty here. I like to come here and make pretend I was in the mood for something else so I can act surprised because the sandwiches are so yummy!
My family visited ceasars palace and ate here. Our waiting time was only ten minutes despite all the people. Our server was the best. He recommended several great dishes. The food was higher than our expections....
Menu looks better than the food taste.  Its a cafe in a crowded casino, so the prices are certainly inflated.  $3.99 for a glass of milk?
I ordered hardshell tacos from the take out here today and they were very good. I tried this place after a friend recommended it and was happy with the tacos. Will have to try a few other menu items to get a better overall picture of what is available here.
I received an email today to congratulate me on my credit increase!  A credit increase after only 90 days!  Thank you Credit One!
Good wholesome baked goods with no added preservatives or fake stuff. Their cookies are very good.
Ewww.  I feel dirty even thinking about our trip down to the Golden Nugget (and the rest of Fremont street).    It's dirty, smelly, and about as trashy as you can imagine.  Why is this place still open---and for that matter, any place downtown?
They gave me lemons for my fish tacos because they were out of limes. Other than that it was a decent Baja Fresh.
The restaurant contacted me to see if they could make it up to me but the email they gave me bounced back :(
Student pub with watered down drinks, nasty food and droves of drunks all 17-20 years old.  Need I say more?
This used to be the place to get Indian food Uptown.  However, since new owners took it over, the food quality has greatly diminished.  You can tell because the line at lunch time would be out the door... now you are the only one in this place.  Was a 5 star, now a 1 star.
A good place to train. The facility is large, clean and the staff is very friendly.The Instructors are pretty cool and knowledgeable.It makes me feel like Chuck Liddell when I'm in there.Now I just need a head tattoo and a mohawk!yeah! UFC!
Good food and the staff is pretty good too.  Eating outside is great when the weather permits.  The burrito bowl is excellent!
Horrible food. Terribly expensive. Bad service. You're better off eating at Mcdonalds.
Excellent Workmanship and service\nI ordered granite countertops from Superior and was pleasantly surprised at the whole process. From initial call, to looking at the samples to scheduling and installation, there were no surprises and the price was competitive. I highly recommend
Bertha is amazing and very skilled in both waxing and threading. She is very thorough and really tries to make everyone feel comfortable. Bertha is flexible when scheduling an appointment and super easy to reach. Highly recommend going to see her and will definitely be back to see her.
Super impressed with the vegetarian options and I love that it is right next door to Gangplank! I get my lunch at Planet Sub and walk on over to the Wednesday Brownbags. Perfect!
Service was sooooo slow!! Sat lunch with one table inside. We sat outside had to walk inside for our check. The food was ok. Nothing special. Lots of butter used on the hot sandwiches..Best to go when you have nothing to do and no where to go afterwards.
Great Bagels. Green Chile Bagel was terrific. I like this place better than Panera.
Not happy at all with the prints this company did for us.  I would not recommend them to anyone.  Very unprofessional and they just did not care that I was unhappy.
their food is good unlike their service, me and my family won't be returning to that locating again.
We used to go here all the time and loved the concept and neighborly feel.  Then it felt like the owners started to not put in much effort in training the staff & caring about the customers.  Our orders were continually messed up and staff seemed clueless and sometimes rude. We felt it was too expensive to continue to be disappointed so we stopped going.
the best!!!!
Terrible place.  Ross in a suit is particularly unappreciative of clientele.   We Ordered many drinks but he wouldn't even let me finish my beer.  He literally took my beer out of my hand and told me to leave with a hundred dollar tab.  Please do not give this place your business.
One of the best ribeye steaks you will ever have! But do not discount the Chilean seabass either, it is also an amazing dish.  Great and friendly service, and very intimate mood.  Perfect for a date, or a business dinner.
Great burger joint. A little better than 5 guys. Fries are good. Special sauce is good and not just thousand island dressing, I appreciate that. Friend loved the shake. I will def be back! \n\nGet ranch for the fries and you can have 5 stars.
I just really like this place, food is pretty darn good, service is good.  Have eaten there off and on for over 10 years.  Always acceptable.  Won't dabble in the semantics of how authentic the food is, to me it tasted good, had fresh ingredients and was appropriately priced.
Get me early cuz they go quick! If you get them while they are hot you'll be hooked for sure! Best soft pretzel anywhere!
Food is decent. They cook it fresh in front of you. They are not as busy as their neighbor the panda. They have mediocre sushi, but hey it's a mall what do you expect for 6 bucks. Staff is efficient and friendly.
I doubt that I'm cool enough to be a regular but that doesn't stop me from frequenting the place so that I can enjoy their date/bacon appetizer.  Good bless happy hour specials.
Good food if you like arbys
Nice selection....but he staff was not very helpful or knowledgeable about the tea they had...Seems like I get a used salesman pitch about some special..
Good food, staff is kinda rude and unhelpful.
pretentious staff and mediocrity. Coffee no better than Dutch Brothers and more expensive. A place to be seen in... for annoying self absorbed hipsters. At my age, I don't fit their douche demographic. Been here twice this week, but there's no sense of service with the staff.
This place rocks. California roll, eel roll, Pittsburgh roll & edamame. All wonderful. The waitress was a sweetheart and was so nice. Inexpensive too.
I thought it was overpriced and it took forever to get seated. The pasta i ordered was ok, but there are better places for cheaper prices.
Pizza is thick, chewy in the center, crunchy on the outside and tasteless
Not bad a bit crowded \nThe music is alright and the gogo's are alright\nPretty good club IMO I would go back when I'm bored
People who hate their job work here. Parking is horrible and be prepared to wait...a really long time. Come as early as possible because you'll probably be here all day. Good luck. Via con Dios.
My boss' favorite Italian restaurant when he travels here. We even had our sales meeting here and were very well treated. We sat at the tables outside and were treated to great wine, fresh tasting food, and delicious salads. \n\nMy only mediocre note was the dessert-but we really didn't have much room anyway!
Food is okay. But the place is smelly.
Great New York style pizza.  I eat there twice a month.  The small pizza is huge.
I am in town for work and I decided to order food from here. The food was awesome! I ordered the People's Special Biryani and they brought the food right to my hotel room. I will definitely order from here again the next time I'm in town.
Pretty sure I heard this mall was rated #7 in the US! It definitely deserves it! Its beautiful and has something for everyone :)
Honestly, one star is still to good of a rating for this location! If you love burnt food, atrocious customer serivce, and long wait times then this location is perfect for you. \nSTAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!
Fruit tarts are amazing. Did NOT like the bacon maple cupcake...the bacon was soggy should be crispy. Dark chocolate caramel gems were really good. Lemon bar very refreshing and slightly sweet. A little pricey and quite small selection but quality was definitely there.
Pizza was really good. Atmosphere was very nice...much better than any other pizza place in South Charlotte.
This casino hotel is not that bad. I just have experienced better. The room is tolerable. The casino is small and smoky. The elevators are kind of scary. The parking garage is old and sucky. I do not mind walking so the distance from the Strip is not that bad. I would not pay more that 40 a night though.
Risotto.. nuff said..
These guys have a great inventory, keeping a solid stock of Buffyverse trades and comics.  They also know their Buffyverse info pretty well - not perfectly, but pretty well - and better than most.\n\nAdd that they're near the light rail, and this is my comics store.
Awful undercooked.  Got the runs from one piece.  Paid $22 for large crappy pizza that got me sick.
A wonderful place to go and sober up. Pricey and busy. Lots of pretty people. A few are not so pretty as they think, but still.
The waiter we got was drunk for one thing. For the other he treated my group of people terribly. He saw us as mouth breathing Americans and even told me,\"Sorry we don't have any burgers or hot dogs!\" We left shortly afterwards. I would not recommend this place for anyone.
The donuts are the bomb, but the staff isn't the happiest bunch of peeps, but their kind. Nice place though
I got the philly cheese steak.  The bread was decent, but that was about all that was decent.   The steak was roast beef heated up.  The bell peppers were mushy and there was hardly any flavor to the sandwich.  I would much rather have gone to subway.  I would not go back again.
Purchased a Resturant.com certificate a year ago and can't believe I waited so long to use it.  The food was way better than I remembered and the Manager was amazing.
I decided to go with spring rolls and after going to a place in California called Brodard and enjoyin Spring Rolls in Vietnam, these were very okay.  It seems like it lacked some fresh ingredients when I tasted the components of the dish.  People seemed to enjoy the Pho, so I will try that next time.
Fun bar to go to whether or not you have a preference for those of the same sex as you. Fabulous drag queen shows on Thursday nights.  Good prices, worth the hike to the Capitol square area.
Called in a to go order and the guy that answered the phone acted as if he just started. Every question I asked him he had to put me on hold to go ask someone and lastly he was acting like I was bothering him for calling. Bad svc!
Excellent service, VERY friendly, food was excellent, wine by the glass selection was good. A good, all round Turkish dinner.  Lot's of paprika used with both of our dishes.
I ordered the banana nut muffin from the dessert display case. It wasn't the best but we were able to sit outside while eating our breakfast.
Love the late happy hour, especially when I'm craving a Jerry Burst! Food and service are always good.
I love, love, love Pane Bianco. I have become nearly addicted, I have only had the mozzarella and basil sandwich, I don't know if I will ever get past the love of that sandwich. I mainly take out from there and sometimes eat outside, the guys who work there are amazing.
Dumpling King is Amazing!! Very clean and great service and even better food!! This will be my new place for great Chinese food.
Great family restaurant -- a favorite of the community. Staff is the best, service is excellent, prices are affordable -- AND the food is very good, fresh and a great menu of changing seasonal selections.
first time I was blown away in Vegas. After so many trips there, so many shows. No other performance can be compared to it. You gotta see it yourself! Absolutely amazing!
Hate this place the staff is not helpful at all and I asked to speak to a manger about a room key that was defective. I got handed over to a bunch of different people only to be left without a Key and locked out of my room for the whole night ... ( no I wasn't drunk the staff is crappy )
I am in love with this place! The green tea tiramisu is made in house and it is the best way to end a meal!
A bit slow..
Like..  But no captain?  Really?  How does a \"bar\" not have captain?  Sailor jerry is not an equivalent
Great find this place is very cool. Small but love the atmosphere, staff, food selection, wine selection. If your looking for a casual time out sit at the bar and watch the chef's Chef it up!!!
Regularly use union cab to go to the airport (and back). Really reliable, typically show up a bit early, etc. Prices are reasonable.
Sure you are sorry. He did not fix anything at all. Nada! All he did was talked to you on the phone, charge the credit card and leave. If he says otherwise please make a three way phone call I'd like to hear that.
Excellent food, wine and service!
Incredible and I didn't have to go to NYC for the beautiful beautiful presentation for omakase! Far easier to get reservations when you also stay at the Hard Rock Hotel.
The waitress told us we had to leave our table right after we paid our bill (and tipped her generously) just because we hadn't ordered another drink. I have never been treated so rudely by a waitstaff before in my life.
Went to Local Bistro for lunch this week.  Salad nicoise was ok, portion was relatively small.  There was plenty of nicely cooked ahi tuna and eggs, but I did expect more greens in the salad.  Also thought there'd be green beans (but glad there were no potatoes).
Good place to meet some friends.  We had a large group meet at Duke's to have a little holiday cheer.  Service was good considering how crowded it was.   The bar was overwhelmed by our group and another group.  We had some pizza and wings.  The pizza had a medium crust and was good.  The wings were somewhat crispy and tasted good.
Its the first place in Charlotte that we treated like we were important. The service was fabulous and the food was prepared beautifully. They take pride in their place and it shows. Do yourself a favor and have dinner here. Youll be glad you did.
Great build your own burgers, crazy servings of fries. Always hot and fresh and cooked and topped to your order.
The food is is very spicy hot so if you like to feel the burn going in and later than this is a good place. The problems I have with it are the way you get nickle and dimed for extra chips, drink refills, etc. The place is clean and service is generally good.
This is just my go to local place.  love it!  Always good cold beer on tap, and sitting at the bar we always get great service.  Best steaks in the area in my opinion.  Great happy hour deals too.  Management changed in the last few months, Thank God.  Totally on the up swing, worth a visit for sure!!
So, I had never gotten a spray tan before this experience.  It was surprisingly positive.  I thought I'd come out of there looking like that old chick in Something About Mary...but it looked FABULOUS!  It looked completely natural.  The whole process was quick, professional and comfortable.  I loved it and will be back.
Estimated delivery time 45 minutes actually delivery time 120 minutes.\n\nPizza Hut , a pizza of last resort.
I went to Mariana last month for a cut and have been meaning to give her a rave review. I only trust a very limited number people with my hair, and Mariana has joined the ranks. She listens to what you want and delivers an amazing style. And so reasonably priced.
I came in for motor oil and spark plugs and learned 3 different languages and may have contracted the Eboli while there.
We had a special tasting menu prepared and everything we had was very tasty and well put together.  All the flavors in each dish were complementary.  It's a brightly decorated venue, lakeside so you can see the show.  Flavorful, well cooked food and a nice selection of wine.  Recommended.
WOW, as soon as I walked in I was pleasantly surprised. It was so welcoming and everyone was very friendly, felt like I was back home at my neighborhood bar.  The food was great and service with a smile. I really felt welcome and will definately make Hammer's one of my favorite places to relax and unwind.
Cozy little place with KPop posters on the walls and phenomenal drinks- \nDefinitely try the avocado boba! It's creamy and just slightly sweet, perfect for those who don't want a sugar rush. Quick and friendly customer service, and I felt totally comfortable sticking around for a while.
Totally disappointed in the service at this bridal boutique! Nobody would help us and they were eating in the back. Very snobby would NEVER recommend this boutique to any bride! The store was empty and they acted like they had no time for us!
unreal.  best steak house in america and best mastros of them all!
One of my favorite places for lunch. The food is always great and inexpensive. The smoothies are all incredible. The employees are always very polite and helpful. Chicken cordon blue wrap is phenomenal and isn't on the menu. Highly recommended.
The food is pretty reliable - but the service was terrible!   Not sure when I'll go back....
Compared to Hummus Express this place is a joke.  You get twice the amount of food with a much greater selection at Hummus Express. If you are on a diet eat here.  If you are hungry go to Hummus Express.
Just went to try this place for lunch and it is no longer open :( looks like it went out of business.
very fresh and lots of food. very yummy
Nice spot. Really great atmosphere. Have some great specials on bottles of wine. We sampled several appetizers on our first visit, portions were a bit smaller than expected for the price; but good flavor. Plan on trying an entree next time.
This place is quite tastey.  The portions are huge, you can definately split an entree.  The second best pastrami sandwich I've ever had, but well above average none the less!\n\nIt's worth a trip for lunch if you're in the area.
Have been here many times, the food is great and price is affordable
I would eat here sooner than the other two places we went at Planet Hollywood(Strip house and YOLO). I had the Cajun Pasta and it was good. I would come back here if I was staying at PH
They changed the formula for a bit so it was not as creamy and it was terrible but now its bacl to the way it was.. creamy and delicious.. price is grwat and cant complain for the bih servings and amount of fixings
Great location, by the lake... that's the only decent part.  There's no parking when it's busy, the staff is rude and the coffee isn't all that great.
Great food, great smoothies. HUGE list of options for both. Not a lot of places offer maca or hemp in a $7 smoothie. Love it.
We went here hoping to get started with an E-cig set up and the guys there sucked. Extremely rude and not helpful at all. Plus the prices were WAY higher than everywhere else we found. NOT recommended
We have not been to this restaurant in quite sometime. What a great lunch menu. Highly recommend checking out.
Stopped by the bar to use our groupon we bought for drinks. Not a huge selection of the frozen drinks. But they are pretty much the same as everyone else on the strip selling the yard drinks.
For breakfast stick to chicken and waffles
Really good food and quick service. My wife and I had beef and crispy noodle, roasted duck and shrimp and sausage fried rice. Real yummy food.
Food Court=great food and it's cheap. \n\nPeople are happy to work there and it shows! \n\nTheir prices are always fair. Never are they trying to kill you wallet or their own. It's truly conscious Capitalism.
Very enjoyable and very cheap!  Good food, atmosphere, etc.
I LOVE that place in Vegas especially for breakfast. Seafood Crepe is AMAZING!!!!\nHighly recommending this place!!!
Not impressed at all
Found a deal for them on Living Social and I had a great experience! Josie was very nice and did exactly what I wanted! I showed her some pictures and she got the color perfect! I will go back here for sure.
Marissa is awesome!  Food was not the most authentic I've had but the atmosphere and service were fabulous.  I'll be back, I'll just away from the lobster bisque.
This place is too popular on Sunday for breakfast.. Which is coincidentally when I like to go too. We normally wait in line for a half hour but I think its worth it. Good food. Decent prices.
I have had a few drinks that have been made incorrect, and lets not mention the fact that half of their breakfast sandwiches are never available... but today was the last straw...  There employees tonight were beyond loud and obnoxious when a handful of people where trying to drink coffee and work.  New Management needed ASAP.
DO NOT lease from here. Sent me to collections before even coming to me about the issue. Received the large collections notice four months later and the day before my wedding. I sent multiple emails and never heard back from management after I moved out. BEWARE of scumbags
This place is probably a love it or hate it.  It's kind of a cross between Zombie and Goth.  It's pretty much a bar with a them and a small place to dance.  Not my scene but I'm sure others would like it and for a local watering hole, it adds a little variety.
Great place for Brunch!
HORRIBLE service and food the quality of DENNY'S. Place needs new chefts, ownership,  and a manager who knows what they are doing.
I had the vegan pizza and tofu fries here today.  I also tried an almond joy veggiechino.  It was AMAZING.  This is my new go-to health food joint!
Great place to donate your gently used items to help out those that need it.\n\nEveryone is always so friendly and grateful.  Maybe one day I can give more than just items.
The waitress at the Salty Se\u00f1orita recommended this places to us because it was right down the street. It seemed fun until I overpaid for an okay hot fudge sundae. It was delicious but not worth the money. Next time, I'll make myself one at home.
For ~$12, we had a good food in a nice environment with the variety of food choices. The desserts also were great.
Worst pho I've ever had. Service is below average. Bubble tea also terrible, the worst I've had. And like the previous yelper wrote, this is not a Vietnamese restaurant. \n\nGo get pho or bubble tea somewhere else.
The people are always friendly, and I like being able to get cheap coffee. I'm not exactly a connoisseur, but the price is right.
Good pizza,  they've never got my order wrong. Sometimes arrives so hot the cheese is still stringy other times arrives a bit cold. Delivery are courteous.  I only order online so I can't speak to how the people who take orders are.
Love Grand Lux. Corned beef hash is excellent.  \n\nOne big problem during his visit was the Mrs found a hair in her fries. Waiter and manager handled it properly tho. Took it off our check and profusely apologized. \n\nDesserts r fantastic.
My sister and I came in for dinner on a whim last night. Our burgers were pretty tasty and our waiter - Justin  - was nice and helpful. We LOVE the dog loving theme. Well have to be back for another try and I know my coworkers will love it!
Way over-hyped and over-priced, save your money
Very dangerous to use ATM at night!  It's located  on the back of the building with a brick wall  on your right, completely hiding from view.  Safer to drive to the one on Las Vegas Blvd and Clark, very open and lit up like the 4th of July.
Got the taco salad with chicken..perfect, taste great couldn't have made it better..good service and food came put in a timely manner since it was the lunch rush..will go back if in area
We came for date night to try something new. Great food! Great atmosphere! Great service! The creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e is heavenly.\n\n\n\nWe will be back for sure.
Not a bad bar, not a great one either. Always same people I see everytime I go.  Wish they had better drink specials and more choices on food. Probably will return because its close to home.
Went here early ***Sunday** the food was great/Drinks! The hostess and servers where perfect young and energetic . Sat at the large patio great weather!
Two stars because there isnt a drive thru.. and Im a lazy American who forgot that when you live abroad you walk for coffee and your needs.. Three stars because the peeps working are as friendly as it gets.. but the sugar/condiment bar is dirty.. clean it up Starbucks!
This place was ok... Nothing special. Disappointed at the macaroons because it was not as tasty as I expected. The fondue was better but definitely had better.
I loved Earl of Sandwich in the Palms! I order the Italian everytime and enjoy a cold beer with it. Used to go eat here after I got off work late at night at least once a week.\n\nReasonable price, great sandwich. I'd recommend it.
Terrible prices at this Pharmacy. They quoted me a price 5x higher than I pay at a large, national, well-known superstore chain.  And this on a drug that is generic and old as the hills.  AWFUL!
a better 99 cent store with canned,frozen & fresh food items plus lots of other goofies. Not usually where i'd go for my essentials but they have alot of the same stuff for 99 cents here.
I love hooters wings and the buffalo shrimp. the dipping sauces are a little watered down for my taste. Coming from Chicago, the way they do hooters out here is completely different, but still good.
Just got out of this place after a 25 minute wait for two whoppers and a large fry...by far the worst BK I've been too...!!!
Sweet potato fries are ok. Five Guys aross the street has a much better burger. I wasnt really impressed with the burger at BTs. If you are going to do one thing, do it well.
I was really looking forward to Count Vamps big fan of the show.  Over all its a cool place.  We went for lunch so it was kinda empty. The deco is cool; the food was very disappointing.  U can tell everything is pre made & heated nothing was freshly made.
American Shooters is a great place to purchase a firearm or shoot at the range. Very helpful and friendly staff. Made me feel very comfortable and confident in selecting a firearm. The range is very nice and clean, you can even shoot your own ammo.
I went here for the lunch buffet and was blown away! Not the greatest location, I was a little weary at first.  But, I was proven wrong because the food was out of this world.  I have been to numerous thai places around the valley and this is by FAR the best!
This is the best place I've eaten at so far in Phoenix. This place has a lot of things going for it.\n\nFresh homemade ingredients\nFriendly Staff\nGood prices\nThey serve booze\n\nI don't know what else to say
When he cracked my neck, it was so painful and scary.  I would never go there again.  Never had an experience like it.
Was in Charlotte on business. Came to Lebowskis due to the great Yelp reviews. Was not disappointed. The Fredonia dip was great (must get it 'Wack-ed!). Lizzie was  excellent behind the bar and her Cinnamon Toast Crunch (TM) shot brought me back to my childhood!
Good drinks and drink specials. Food is rather bland and boring compared to mad mex.
The food can be somewhat disappointing but will sometimes do in a pinch.  The service is quick and the prices are reasonable for Downtown.  They are open late hours, so sometimes that can be handy.  There are better places for Greek food, but Salonika's is often close by.
Love the view and good food.  Had the lobster carbonara as my meal with the king pao green beans.  They are both listed as sides, but make a surprisingly great pairing.  Enjoy!
Hmm. You'd expect more out of a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. This place was originally a Laurier 'historic' restaurant that was in need of some revamping. It's great for its rotisserie chicken and the ribs.
The service was very slow, never brought more lemonade and the size of the patties was ridicuolous
Will never return, simply not worth it.  Had a \"1/2 lb\" burger the other night and it was more like a half oz.  Server was way over his head too.  All in all the place is not a good restaurant.  Won't waste another trip hoping for better.
My absolutely favorite dish is the potato gnocchi. Just amazing! Service is fantastic, nice decor. I wish they wouldn't use such huge paper towels in the bathroom, but other than that I really like this place.
This is the most incredible cheese shop I've ever seen. Lots of fresh selections of Scottish cheese. Loch Arthur Cheddar & Lanark Blue are the best. Warning: Use of these cheeses will create future cravings.
Not my pleasure, not a fan.
You all have to be kidding me! I am in town for business, went by all of your reviews and when I walked in, it was nothing but disappointment.  A very very small collection of books in the entire store. Geesh.  They need some stock. So many empty shelves.
Horrible, overpriced, reheated frozen crap. They should be embarrassed. 10\nPage menu, plastic rice, terrible meals. I'll never go back. I work across the street from\nthe complex and already have kept people away from here and will continue to do so.
I usually love this place except for tonight... The sign on their front door would suggest they are open until 2am every day, except for when you get there at 1:40, in that case they are closed and don't want you to buy one beer to close the night. Stupid policy for an otherwise decent bar.
Food is always fresh. Staff is very friendly! The best Five Guys in Phoenix.
Very nice walking path. Always clean and well manicured! Keep up the great work Henderson!
Good meal, this place came recommended. Parking out back, and lots of customers inside.
It was ...good (shrug) I had the basil shrimp. Shrimp was very under cooked. However the sauce on this dish is fabulous. I also ordered a pineapple mojito. That was not good.. weak and had no pineapple taste at all.
not a huge fan of this location of Brusters. We have been a few times and have found the service to be slow and the servings to be inconsistent at best. I have been to other locations and been satisfied with my experience, but will choose to avoid this one in the future.
There is new ownership, if you go in anytime after 9:15ish they are out of all of the flavored coffees and usually down to no choice for the breakfast sammies or burrito, so I just don't even try it anymore.
I   was given the bate and switch routine that sleazy car dealers are known for  and I would never recommend CardinaleWay Mazda Peoria Az to anyone
Unfriendly and unhelpful. They don't want walk in business. Go to the internet for new parts at a lower price. NEW AT A LOWER PRICE!
Jim and his staff are top notch, honest, and reliable. If you don't take your car to them, you are just stupid.
This little theater is a nice change from all the crowds. There is no stadium seating but when there is no one in the theater to block your view, there's no problem.
Fifteen minutes no server they aren't that busy, no management at all this is by far the worst I've been to, just want some breakfast late in the day
Had the steak fries and it was horrible.. Authentic or not it was not good
This store rocks!! Charlie and his wife Kimberly are extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and patient with people new to Vaping. I came in for some juice and was pleasantly surprised at their selection and pricing. Great selection and great service = loyal customer!
The people are so snippy who work there. But, they have a good Antique Mall and most of their stuff is good
I was in the mood for wings and wings is what I got.  Not sure what else to say.  They weren't anything special, just wings.  Kind of on the small side. ($8.25 for a dozen and side of fries.)
This is a great place to have a taste, glass or bottle of wine....with a lot to choose from.  The employees are both knowledgable and friendly.  You can also listen to done good music on the weekends.  A definite must check it out place - you won't be disappointed!!!
Now I just spoke with the owner and if he keeps his promise and his word then i will be satisfied. If you want to believe me then try it for yourself
I'm disappointed in the housekeeping quality.  We booked a fountain view room, nice view, but bed sheet was not clean.  I asked housekeeping to replace the sheet, but after 20 minutes and 2 calls they finically found someone to give me new sheet.  I didn't expect to change bed sheet at a 5 five star hotel.
Boo, good idea, bad execution. Ladies were fun atmosphere was very Vegas and easy going, but the food is blah at best and. \n\nBeer is cheap and you get a lot of blah food though!
Love this place! Great food, great service, great atmosphere! Mmm table bread, Mountain Dew, & Caesar Salads!!
Yummy, yummy, yummy!!! The food is fresh, has great flavor and is absolutely delicious. The owner and her daughter are so friendly and very helpful, as this was my first visit, but definitely not my last!!!
Best Burger I've ever had! The Juicy Lucy is to die for! Highly recommend! Be ready to give birth to a food baby!
Just got juvederm done here. Turned out great.
I come to this branch because it is closer to my home.  The place is nice, however it lacks something.  Maybe it is because it feels just cold.  The food is nowhere near the one on Shea & Scottsdale Rd.  Sometimes I have no choice but to come here if my doctor is running late.
The best of the best for breakfast or brunch!  The plates are big enough to share ~ actually platter sized.  The presentation is fantastic and mostly artfully stacked.  My favorite is the salmon filet with eggs and mashed potatoes.  They have great Bloody Marys too!
Sunday morning post-half marathon $5 microbrew \"pitchas\"...deal-o-rama, cheers to day drinking in style :)
Some pretty amazing acrobatics and feats of strength, but when it comes down to it, you're paying over $100 to see a glorified circus.
Incredible burger.\n\nAlso, when you ask for a bitters and soda, and the bartender asks what kind of bitters you want rather than just heading straight for the Angostura..? You know you're in a special place.
Folding chairs, actual metal folding chairs, like from the 80's. Some sections have the typical chairs, but a few (including section J, for example) are made up entirely of folding chairs.
Went here for a quick breakfast sandwich this morning. Worst subway ever! No flatbread in stock and no avocados! These are all items that are on the everyday menu! The store manager needs to get it together!
Excellent lunch buffet, quick service.
We ordered $50 bucks worth to be delivered...the chicken cacciatore was literally like rubber and no parmesan cheese included with the ziti WTF? My rommie asked for just white meat fried chicken and didn't get that either!
Great food. Cool atmosphere. Service was slow. Maybe caught them on an off-night, but we still felt ignored at our table.
Worst staff and good food, staff should learn how to treat people.
Below average.  Use to be good, but now they just toss stuff together.  Too much spice ( turmeric) in one dish.  The other dish -papaya salad tasted a few days old.\nI won't be returning.\nTry Natalie Thai.
This is my favorite place to hve sushi . There oh Harry Roll is my favorite and over all it's not expensive if u get all you can eat
The Convention Center needs better souvenir store/vendor. Everything looked old and used. Not a lot of souvenirs to pick. Poor souvenir  store. Need major improvement.
WTF YO? 5 people on line, and service is madd slow for a busy crowd.  Never come at lunchtime 12 noon and expect quick service from THIS Cane's EVER!!
The food is very bland. Not impressed. Had ordered the udon and had to add so much salt. Nothing special with the menu...very regular type of Japanese food. I think sushi ken has better offering of food and price.
Service during happy hour in the bar area is just so-so. The service in the actual restaurant is excellent. Shrimp and eggplant is my favorite appetizer.
Nice decor. Food tasteless. Taste sooooo chain resturants. Totally not worth the price.
Horrible service and mediocre food...Waited over 20 minutes for my food and when I finally asked the cashier, the cooks began trying to argue with me saying that my number was called a long time ago. I was standing right in front of them the whole time.
The deals rotate almost daily, but you can get some high quality produce cheap.  They do a great job luring people in with deals on junk food I've never heard of, like Shasta cola.  Prices are much better than costo, make sure you bring cash.
Loved the selection of Italian beer. 2 for 1 at happy hour too.  The pizza was good but not mind blowing or anything.  I tried the Vico and the Settebello. The nutella pizza was also very good.  Definitely a cool little place I would go to again.
First time here lets see how good it is.
The one time I went, it was average northern Italian fare.\n\nBut don't waste your time, they're closed.
Ok show. Before the end of the show, he will sell his dvd and it takes a while. Some people started to go out, to use the bathroom and he said something bad about it. I think thats not good.
Not bad. But a restaurant that has been opened since 1988 I would expect better. Pho was ok service was ok
Great environment, fun happy hours, and great food.  The management wants to make sure you're happy.
I love their Burrata cheese, it is to die for, and of course their pizza's are amazing! Nice patio seating is a plus, and it's not too hard to find good parking in the area.
Staff really don't know about any thing in the store.  21% of American have a size 13 foot or larger and they don't carry large size shoes.......  Wake Up Big Five!
Yesterday I went here after Pat Tillman run amazingly great breakfast warm bran muffins to die for sante Fe scramble delicious everything was fresh a must for breakfast/lunch if you're in this area.
First and foremost they deliver and at a very low cost. We had three kabob meals. Chicken, steak, and vegetable. All came with plenty of sides. Everything was fresh and hot. Delivery was fast and friendly. Price is right. This place is fantastic and no doubt we will be enjoying many more meals from here.
Amazing food and friendly staff. I recommend the huevos rancheros for only $7.50! Sometimes the lines are a bit long on the weekends, but they churn people pretty quickly and it's well worth it.
I hadn't been here in about 6 months. Since then they got a new manager.  The restaurant was dirty, the service was horrible and the food quality was significantly lower than my last visit. I won't be back until there is another change of management.
I don't know who is giving this restaurant good ratings. The whole place smelled like raw sewage, service was mediocre, the food was not good at all, even the cocktails were bad. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY GOING THERE!!
this ross is beyond rude! will not be shopping here again!
Love Vinny!!!  Not only is he a great artist but a really good guy.  He always takes my kindergarten ideas and turns them into master pieces.  I am constantly getting compliments on my tats and requests for who did my work.  You will not be disappointed no matter big or small he will get it perfect!
We had such a sweet waitress and some great drinks, and their curly fries and garlic fries are great, but the phillys were a flop compared to Corleone's and forefather's...  Total bummer, I would come back for a fun time, but I will be ordering something else...
I always come here to get my car wash because of their friendly service! They do a great job and they're pretty fast. It's also right by Cherry Lash and VegasHot!, which are other places I go to frequently. I highly recommend this place if u want a nice, sparkly clean car :)
I read lots of great reviews for this place. I'm sad to say I was not impressed. Kobi Sushi over on West Flamingo is much better. We won't be back. We didn't receive all the rolls we ordered and the ones we had were very fishy tasting.
This is americanized German food.  For real German food, go to Hofbrauhaus and ask for a schnitzel.
Food is ok... I think its a bit overpriced though.. Service is good.. Just not a big fan..
This church is a forever family. The music is incredible, all the staff, leaders and volunteers are so welcoming. I attend Saturday night service as well as Sunday and my kids always have a fun time. Pastor Jud is wonderful and the Women's small group connection is awesome. Come as you are! Worship together and feel alive!
This is decent place for the money if you just need a place to sleep. The room is a little small, no microwave, mini fridge or coffee maker.  I have stayed in nicer places that have all of these things for a little less. I'd recommend looking around for the best deal with the amenities you want.
The staff in the mens department failed to inform me of the 3 day sale that got me 20% off in the mens dept.\n\nSo I went to the other Macys and returned the $600 worth of clothes and re-purchased it.  Saved the $120 and life goes on.
For lunch it had the best view, service, and price I've seen in Vegas thus far. i had some kind of steak sandwich and it was to die for. Can't remember the name and it's killing me.
Just had the best service with my mom and I. They gave the best tips for taking care of our eyebrows. This was my first time eyebrow threading and is be happy to go back here.
Way too expensive!! Food was average and none of the sushi chefs talk to you at the bar, you give your order to a waiter who have little knowledge on fish and sushi-felt like fast-food sushi...unimpressed and not personable.
You know what I love best about Domino's?  You can order your pizza online!  Then you can watch it go through the process of prepping, cooking, packaging, delivering.  I find it fascinating :)
It was okay... The eggs Benedict was bland but the hash browns were good. It was a nice atmosphere but the food is nothing special. I'm giving it a 4 instead of a 3 because the service was excellent!
This food court is actually inside the Casino Royale.  2 stars only because it's your standard Subway but you have to pay almost 3x as much to get the same thing.  \n\nI guess that's what happens in Vegas.  But still.
Don't trust the sales people they are completely useless. One gave me the wrong Mac adapter, even though I stressed I thought he was incorrect. Big shocker he was and I had to drive all the way back. Of course no one there cared. Not surprised they have under two stars.
Had some beef tacos on corn tortillas with cilantro and onion. Definitely had better. Beef was mushy and the tortillas were not very good. Would rather go to Don Juan.
Good food and big portions! I usually get their burger, which is very filling. It has a nice, casual atmosphere.
Every time I go their ice cream machine is down. It's a hang out for all the kids in the neighborhood. This establishment including terribles chevron connected to it, does not seem to care what goes on in or around their business. Low class for the area they are in.
Local restaurant, really small... Owner is the chef... Really funny and nice guy. Very authentic!
Nice location, interesting cocktail menu, but nothing is done particularly well. I still go there, but I wish the cocktails were made using fresher ingredients.
There pizza is some of the best around, when I think of a sit in pizza place i think of them! I have yet to have a bad pizza I will say sometimes the service is slow due to them being busy. I have had there wings and they are average nothing amazing but deep dish pizza and there cheese bread will make your mouth water!
I came here with a group and had bottle service. The drinks were nothing but skyy, pineapple juice, and cranberry juice. The dance floor was so packed that I could not go through the crowd when I got about half way in.
Very friendly staff. Store smells awesome. Wife loves it. Do I need to say more?
honestly save your money your time and your belonging. This club is known for getting your things stolen. Shady place no security. Very missleading ads please do my a favor and save yourselves.
A good sandwich place the meet is very fresh
I was here for work and it was just around the corner from our office. There were about 5 of us, so we ordered the duck fried rice to share and also had our own entrees. I loved their duck fried rice, but can't say that my entree was memorable. Their thai iced tea was pretty good though.
Good coffee went her at life is beautiful staff friendly and place was a non chain coffee shop its worth checking out especially on a chilly day the food looked good but I didn't get any
If u find the right massage therapist ur good.
We had a great dinner at the new Eastern location! We had an amazing server Aubree who had a spunky and upbeat personality! We ordered the peel shrimp and she assisted us by personally showing us the best way to do so. Fun and delicious experience. Definitely recommend and ask for Aubree!!!!!
Beer and wings! Great beer selection. Love this place. It doesn't try to be anything other than what it is. Sit at the bar, have a beer, and try some amazing wings. You won't be disappointed.
Awesome sandwiches!!!! Good healthy variety.
Always get horrible service!!  3 times with not one happy experience.  Sorry to say but drinks are overpriced and not worth it.
I have eaten here twice and I find the sandwiches to be pretty tasty and that is about it. You pay 5.75 for a sandwich and that is all you get! Very expensive for a tiny toasted sandwich. It's a shame that it is so overpriced because it would otherwise be a nice place for lunch.
Great food, great service, great atmostphere. What more can you ask? Equally good for a romantic dinner or a business meal.
This is an awesome venue!  I came here in April to see Garbage and the show was outstanding!  Every seat is a good one, the venue is small and intimate but not too small.  The drinks are a bit pricey but its Vegas.  The bathrooms were very clean and organized.
This was a sweet little spot for great organic coffee.
Walked by last night and it is closed for business.
Decent location and nice array of items - although everything that I was looking for wasn't here. However, there were plenty of things I wasn't looking for that I actually found. Area was nicely setup and everyone was friendly.
This is in the food court in Fashion Show Mall.  This was a pretty good meal for the price.  I ordered the Cubano and was quite pleased.
Great place to have drinks and delicious plates.  Kind of loud at times, therefore, I won't recommend it for a first date.  Service is excellent and reasonable prices.
This is a great golf course.  Good prices, great staff and a good variation in the course layout.  Highly recommended especially for group events.
Chompie's, based on my three visits, is very unfriendly to children, and I'm speaking of well-behaved 11 year olds, not crying babies.
Sam's Chicago Style Pizza & Wings is .....CLOSED
.Went to this place on a Friday night and they weren't open! Dont know how many stars to give...but I drove 20 min from the east side.\nThey are doing groupons and are supposedly part of Badger Barter.  Hmmm I a confused. Yelp says \"closed\"
Make sure you ask for extra toppings in your blizzard. If not, the bottom 1/3 will only be ice cream. Even after asking for extra candy the chances are it will still be very light compared to other dairy queens. Unfortunately this is the only DQ close to me otherwise I would definitely choose a different location.
I think the best part of the meal was when the waiter argued with us over whether or not we ordered 3 bowls of rice (for 3 people).\n\nSkip this one folks...
Chicken salad sub was awesome, portions were good and staff was friendly will definitely eat here again!
Best brunch ever!  You will have better luck getting seated quickly if you arrive by 10am.  They have the best potatoes in the burgh and it's good food that will stick to your ribs!  The service is always quick and friendly.
Crust was overcooked and only mediocre flavor. Won't eat again
Love this place! Always tasty!
My friends and I were walking down the strip really hungry and we had no idea what to get until we saw Tamba.  The restaurant is kind of hidden in a shopping center,  but I'm glad we found it. Great service and great food! I got the buttered chicken with rice and garlic pita bread soo good!
service and quality are unreliable: one of the best haircuts I've ever had, but mostly mediocre and sometimes really awful service
Great service, local beers, and burgers. Skip the Skinny Burger and splurge on the real deal - the Mechant burger was superior!
My new favorite place.  I have always loved I Love Sushi and still do but the atmosphere was 10 times better and the food was great you have to try the Who's Your Daddy appetizer and all of the rolls we had were great.
Cobblestone  on  bell sucks they have damaged a couple of company trucks and tried to compensate with free washes.  a friend went here and they didnt even wash it right there was mud caked in the bed of truck
Food is amazing, tasty and fresh! Prices are ok, but the food makes me come back again every day for lunch. Never got charged for extra refill, nor for extra anything else.  This is not a regular american fast food joint or restaurant, u have to wait a little bit to get your order but its totally worth it!
AMAZING Burgers.... I am not a burger person but every time we go to Vegas we go there for lunch... Awesome burger!
Some of the performances are good, some acts in between are irritating and interrupt the flow of the show.
The strip clubs in south Florida are better. Had to wait 45 minutes for our waitress each time a drink was needed. The girls are lazy dancers. The bouncers treated us like we were children. Very disappointed!
My go-to place for a great, affordable cut. Angel was terrific - she asked how I wanted each part, asked confirmation on going quarter-inch from longer hair, and was friendly to boot. Extremely pleased.
The service was OK, I guess, but subcontracted, which was not made clear up front. \n\nMore importantly, when I had concerns afterward, the co-owner argued with me, and I never received a phone call from the other owner (which I asked for), but rather a defensive letter.
An extra star just because of the stellar customer service. People here are SO NICE it is unbelievable.\n\nNote: place your orders via phone if you wanna go in and out fast.
My boyfriend and I shared the bacon cheeseburger... Delicious!! Thank god I don't live here otherwise I will be eating way too many burgers!
The long line at the airport for a shuttle drops this to three stars.  In the heat of the day waiting outside is not fun.
Went from never having a meal there that wasn't excellent to wanting my money back. New menu, and perhaps new cook?? Sorry to see it tank.
Literally the worst $13 for one meal I have ever sent in my life.  I had the sweet-and-sour chicken dinner for $12.73, it was literally so over cooked in Chewy I didn't eat a piece of it. So disappointed
First time visit to Downtown Grand Lot's of hidden fees. .... pool picnic area pretty cool but to many rules especially when your ready to relax.  Nice hotel not much more to say about this place.  Not very impressed.
Excellent food and delicious mojitos! Atmosphere is inviting and comfortable. Food so good and authentic that I felt like I was back in San Juan. I will most definitely be back and I'm telling everyone I know.
This Starbucks is clean. The employees are friendly. The manager Janora is fantastic! I liked it so much here I wanted to work here and got hired!
Great music and drinks!
I struggled between giving 1 or 2 stars, really should be 1.5.  I agree with others regarding the rude/surly male employee.  I have the impression he is the owner or manager so I am not sure this will ever be addressed.  The salads are good, but value is poor.  Don't waste your time or money.
Its good yogurt to get your sugar fix but its not the best that i have tasted. I love how it looks inside though and the name is quite cute!
Hands down the best show on the strip.  I've seen the other cirque due soleil shows and this one is the grandest.
For the price good rolls! Just make sure the prep staff and cooks wash their hands before making your food.\n\nTrust me on that one!
I think this place is being exagerated. The service is fast but unfriendly. The breeads were not fresh. Waste of money :(
Tonight, I tried the Chic-A-Que, a fried chicken breast sandwich with pork barbeque with barbeque sauce. I'm a fan and I'll be back.
They got my order, and my girlfriend's order, wrong on the same day. Do not expect to get what you order.
Great bar. The prices are very reasonable and the band isn't bad either. The fish sandwich rivals Armand's in deliciousness though it could not be more distinct from it.\n\nI have heard the bar organizes a shuttle to Punxsutawney every year to see Phil. That sounds like a ball!
Great Place. I go here pretty often, same with the one in downtown.
Best all you can eat sushi I've had in a long while! Atmosphere is great- I don't think it's divey at all. Service was super friendly and the food quality was high. Definitely going back for more!
I have nothing negative to say about this place. Could use a makeover seems a little ran down but bathrooms and terminals were clean and employees were friendly which is my only requirement. THis place is always popping because the whole planet is flying into town to party and gamble. Cant blame them!
This is a great Target -- perhaps better than other Targets, too, because they have stands where you can sample some items. It's clean. There are a lot of clearance items. It's large - you can get food and other regular Target items. :]
Best prices, great honest opinions, awesome service, simply the best beauty supply and salon!
Great delicious indian restaurant. Nice ambience. Their food is less sweet than some others as they probably cater to the more authentic palate. The butter chicken is awesome
Both visits have been great . No wait , my nails came out great and lasted !!! My pedicures both times have been so relaxing and well worth the cost
I really wanted to like this place because of the highly authentic, old-Vegas diner feel.  But the truth is...the food was pretty bad.  I wouldn't go there again.  I hear people rave about the burgers, but in reality they suck.  So, go for the atmosphere but don't expect good food.
Good Burger but on the pricy side for what you get. I work nearby and was hoping for a lunch deal but they aren't open for lunch. Pleasant staff and service was good but no lunch no return trips.
Was going to attempt to go this weekend but found out yesterday from the one on Fort Apache that this one is CLOSED.
Always quick service, always delicious. Just FYI to management, please post your 'seasonal hours' online. It stinks to drive all the way out there to find the bad news in someone else's handwriting.
I can now said that I have been there. As a pawn shop its pretty boring. The prices are also high. I guess that comes from having a TV show. But I have to say the staff was nice.
Nice Irish bar but crazy expensive. Worth a visit for a beer and then punch out. They usually have decent live music.
I'm sure the food and desserts are great...but I just needed some water. I was totally dehydrated. I think it's a bit much to charge $5.41 for water.
Good: service always checked to make sure everything was alright\n\nBad: greasy pizza\nTook a moment for service to get our order
Slow, generally had to flag down waiter for attention. Pork chop was very thick and tough. Should have given me an electric carving knife. Expense keeps this review below medium.
this place looks long past its glory days. most of the reviews on their walls were from the mid-late 90's. why was my aberdeen prime rib so tough? sigh. it's a cute place, but not worth the visit if you've only got a few days in town. somewhat overpriced.
The best thing about this range apart from the weapons selection is the staff. No gun store commandos here. Just helpful, approachable, everyday people.
They claim to be a Cleveland Browns bar, yet don't even have the audio on.  They have the audio from that ridiculous red zone channel, which makes it difficult to follow any game.  I'm never going back...went to Kopper Keg West instead.  Browns on every TV with AUDIO!
Call ahead to make sure they actually have smoothies made...they don't make them to order.
Prompt service. Great food.  I had the personal sized pizza and it was the perfect amount.
Love the cheesteaks here especially after a night out.  The new location is more spacious but less convenient for me.  Love that it's open 24 hours.
Very good food located in a cozy little spot.  I will definitely be back to try something new and delicious.
This restaurant is also a bar!! They make the BEST spiked iced cappuccino! You can request what and how you want your drink made too! Friendly bar tender. Place is clean and apparently their dumplings are to die for.   I think this place is a hidden gem. Woohoo!
Update: \n\nCaci uses organic and all natural products on your skin. She sells the products she uses on your face when she does facials. The brand is called Amala and is amazing. A little pricey, but it's an amazing investment for healthy skin.
Always so yummy!
Had lunch here and the food and wine selection are excellent.  The wait help is very service oriented.  There homemade pasta is awesome.  I visit every trip I go to Vegas. This is one of my favorites in Vegas.
I ate here with my boss and the food was good.  Its just a burger bar that offers expensive milkshakes.  The miklkshakes brought me to the yard but the price sent me home.  \n\nOver priced hamburgers and shakes.
Comfy chairs, great selection at the concession stand, and decent prices. What more is there to love?
Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in scottsdale. Solid burgers, unfortunately they stopped serving their sushi because that was my favorite thing on the menu. Beside that love the french dip. Also great service and nice setting
Love the sourdough here,  no need to go to San Francisco for bread. order a sandwich and got a loaf to go home for sandwiches.
Barking Dogs is our favorite place to self-wash our dog!  The owners, Kathy and Craig, are extra nice and get to know you and your dog.  They have a nice selection of everything in their store including fresh baked treats - our dog loves the pizza!  Be sure to bring your doggy in if you live near the area!
If you want to keep your food in your stomach don't eat here
The service is terrible. Go elsewhere
This place has the best sandwiches in town. They let you customize your sandwich, and everything is priced fair.
I went there to get birthday cupcakes. The owner did not really care to customize anything regarding the cupcakes or writing on them etc. Misspelled the birthday person's name and completely forgot to give me one of the signs to stick into one of the cupcakes. Needless to say I would not go there again.
I'm actually not a particularly big fan of Starbucks for their coffee. I find it kind of acidic and a bit strong for my liking. I am a fan of their frapachinos and pastries, but alas, far too many Calories for me to visit consistantly.
Great food and I couldn't believe how fast the delivery was. Time quoted was 45-60 mins, received it in under 20 minutes.
This resort was simply gorgeous!!  We spent a lot of time in Aria while we were there even though we were not guests of the hotel!!  We spent time at Liquid for a pool party and even partied in the Gold Lounge!!  I totally enjoyed spending time in Aria!!
waitress's attitude is awful and they let you queue for long time though they are not busy and the restaurant has empty seats.
Remember that you get what you pay for.  After a bad experience here, I can say that I would never go back for another spay or neuter surgery.  The shots are fine, but I'll leave surgery to the animal hospitals.
This is my go to carwash place when I just want the outside done, love the towel drying.
sea food choices are mediocre and service sucks. the staff here is not attentive at all. \n\nthere's probably better sea food restaurants in montreal to go. I could probably do better customer service than staff here.
There was a Groupon for Papa Murphys so we thought we would try it. I'm glad I only paid $10. I've had better frozen pizza.
Its located in food court area of Rivera, there r other good indian options on strip. I prefer tamba over this.
Good frozen yogurt.  The only complaint I have is they did not have the typical good flavors, like red velvet.  That said, the place was clean, cheap and the yogurt they did have was good all the same.  Some of the more popular flavors would be nice though.
My favorite place to eat in the strip. Although I recommend the slow roast pork over the chicken. Both are delicious but the pork is the best I've ever tasted.
I used to go there yearly with the retired in laws. I think they love it. The pizza tastes like it came from a box. Very crowded. Amazing organ player if that's your gig. Everyone should go there once in life, or should they?
They have a broad menu, if you can't find what you like maybe you should not have come.  Prices are subject to tastes; the better the taste, the bigger the price but worth it!
Great food and service ! This place is AWESOME!!! Everything was delicious and the atmosphere so fun. I would come back in a heartbeat!
Always good food. Not good for my diet though because the portions are huge. I guess we all have to be something and chose chubby.
Took my ccw class with Roger , very informative and definitely gets you in the right mindset to protect yourself the smart way. Afterwards I browsed the store, Merchant firearms staff were very friendly and helpful. A very nice selection of firearms and accessories.
Amazing delicious high quality juices - made by wonderful people! Always pick up a bottle when I'm at the farmers market. LOVE
Fun place. The band was great and so was the DJ. This place is a great time. The drinks are huge, but oh so tasty! We had a blast here.
You can't miss this Montreal institution. This Huge orange ball on Decarie serves Hot-Dogs and this interesting creamy orange juice. I work steps away from this place and its great in the summer.
Great Price, Great food.   Very clean, friendly and attentive service.  Be prepared to wait sunday morning.
Overpriced coffee; I can get better coffee in Little Saigon for 1/3 of the price =)\n\nTourist trap so beware.
Awful would be a compliment. Terrible service explains a huge empty bar beside a baseball stadium before a game.
Don't come here if your looking for a quick slice. It took them over 30 mins to make 2 5in personal pizzas. Customer service was awful. Never going here again!
Waited over a hr for a table just to be disappointed.  Weakest alferdo sauce in western pa.
Waiting for airport shuttle for 40 minutes. I quit! Absolute BS - your 1.6 miles from the airport. Nice job. I'll thankfully get on the 3rd Fairfield shuttle I've seen on my wait. Slackers.....
5 stars for Cody Brown, most awesome bartender that customizes drinks to your tastes and gives you the recipe!
I absolutely love this place!  The salads are wonderfully fresh and full of flavor!  The soups are delicious and homey.  I haven't tried every sandwich yet, but I love the paninis! Service is fast, efficient, and friendly!  This is a great place for lunch or  a light supper!
I guess from looking at the pictures I visited on a bad day. We couldn't taste the cheese or sauce. I guess I'll give it another shot from these pics it looks good.
The bouncers are dickheads for no reasons. There are plenty of better places to go on Mill.
Been there couple of times and both times I was extremely disappointed with how my car came out..  they left bugs on the car and left streaks on the windows. .. I won't be back!!!!!!
Been here many times & now get a dirty, cheap corner bar feel. Dirty bathrooms tell me a lot & now they have someone providing \"valet\" service.
Tonight I got my lazy self of the couch to get some Taco Bell before the drive through closed at 10pm.  I made it at exactly 9:50.  There was still a car at the window,  but they weren't taking new orders.   They had gone ahead and closed up early.
hey guess what nope havent been back!  that is all.
The new owners screwed this place up.  It used to be affordable, but not any longer.  No sales.  No coupons.  No flyers.  They might as well board the place up and call it quits.   Expired food remains on the shelf.  I wish it was not so.
Just opened and figured out we give it a try place is nicely decorated and the service was on point the food was mediocre it was ok nothing to brag about with so many other sushi places I don't think I would be back even though I live around the block.
This place has a fun atmosphere. Staff is friendly. Food is amazing. The table side made guacamole is like a party for your taste buds. There is not a bad item on their menu. The margaritas are, lets just they sure do not skimp on the liquor and there are so many options.
The food is great but they are Rud here! Need better customer service. I kept repeating what I wanted for entree. We were going to eat in the restaurant only to place my order in a Togo bag. When I told her she gave me attitude. Not cool
I will not be returning..... My husband and kids all got their food and finished their food before I ever got mine.
They are closed down
Come here for the appetizers and bread, especially the fried Brussels sprouts(get this), skip the pizza and the desserts(gelato wasnt great plus all the desserts were really a big glass of gelato with a mini slice of cake or whatever was advertised)
Visited Vegas recently and stayed at MGM (sadly). We visited Aria and it was AWESOME. They will get my business on the next Vegas trip.
Sushi was amazing and service was top notch. Allison was our waitress and super professional and helpful. forgot his name but Philippino guy was super nice too!
Good first experience. Second was unfortunately my last
Quesedilla with burnt cheese was amazing
For the Pool....$140 for Cabana which wasn't bad....service was horrible, they honestly had 3-4 girls for the entire pool, to include Cabana patrons.  Music was good overall, not a bad way to spend an afternoon....
Delicious! A decent, healthy meal for only $7- half a sandwich (still good size), soup, a pickle and a side. The staff was really friendly and the cookies are to die for. Definitely glad I found this place today!
Great place 4 all occasions's! Best of the best!  Las Vegas Restaurant Is A Must Try 4 Sushi And habachi! Bring family and friends! Best service
This is a lovely resort, but more of an effort should be made to rid the lobby bar of flies...The spa is AMAZING!
WAY OVERPRICED!!!  This is a great place for first timers but i doubt they will be getting frequent customers returning.  Their menu is just too expensive.
$12 chicken strips don't cure a hang over.  $12 for generic chicken strips, service was slow, so gets 3 stars!
So I can't believe I'm giving this place 4 stars but the items I ordered really hit the spot. I ordered the chicken lettuce wraps and the pork egg roll. They kind of blew away my expectations. I would order them again. Better than expected for airport Asian food. :-)
I come from the land of Publix so imagine my disappointment when I moved here?  There is no seafood department. There is a lack of selection and cleanliness in the meat department.  They only ever have one or two  checkout lanes open plus the self checkout open.  Use the self checkout if you dare.
coconut shrimp is the best here for me.  With the delicious pina colada dipping. Comes with a side and salad. delicious baked biscuits
Always a favorite!  Free pizza cookie on your birthday.  Went on a Monday evening and had to wait for 45 minutes -ugh!
Very disappointing.  The consigned furniture was interesting and well-priced, but it comprised about 10% of the inventory, which is unusual in a Consignment store.  The other furniture can be found at any of the furniture stores on Spring Mountain, but it is overpriced here.  I won't be back.
Unpleasant experience: Waiting line 1.5 hours with half of staff going on break and not treated friendly.
Love the $ 1 ice cream when checking out.....found great deals!!!!
The food is ok.. High in price for just a rice bowl..  I would have liked more meat..
Waited almost an hour to get our food and then it was cold!!  Kitchen staff needs some organizational help.
Vassie Gardner went way way out of the scope of normal customer service to help me get the part to fix my tire. I have always had great service at Discount tire but this went into another galaxy. THANK YOU Vassie!
ideal f\u00fcr familien mit kinder
Only 2 stars for location. Rooms are humid and smell like wet dog. Worst hotel I have yet to stay in as a consultant.
went there because high rating, but price was not worth what we got... i wouldn't go there again! Food was ok but nothing special... place was crowded and had to wait for long time to be served.
Clean environment and a wide variety of workout equipment available. I go 6 days a week and haven't found anything bad about this place. The staff is friendly and helpful as well. The prices are VERY reasonable. Good non-intimidating atmosphere.
BEST burger I've had in a LONG time!!! Great service but still laid back and the NFL ticket. Can't say enough how amazing the food it though!
Best body shop in town.  Great prices and will pay part of deductible if needed.
ok let me re review this place i think thebreakfast  bagel sandwiches i ordered yesterday were dang good the staff there the last 2 times have been more congeniel than in the past .
***WARNING***: Proceed at your own discretion. May suffer from PTSD after eating at this particular buffet.
Late night breakfast.... Not so great. I was crazy excited and then received the food. Horrible. Coffee good food not so much! :-(
They took out the self serve stamp/mailing machine. So...what's the point? Now you get to wait in line. Go elsewhere if you plan on doing your own Post officing (yeah I made it up). It would be like going to the bank without an ATM.
The place was nice and clean, the staff friendly, but hard to get attention at times. Fries are good, the burgers were mediocre. The Ghost pepper sauce jalape\u00f1o variant packed some flavorful zing though.
Modern Italian and DELISH!  Great spot to meet up with friends for drinks and dinner.  I had my birthday dinner there and the service was great.  The four cheese ravioli is outstanding, you can add chicken or shrimp to it.  The Beef Arugula & Parmesan App was a greater starter along with the bread.
Big fat Greek restaurant great place to some great food. My husband and I love big fat because it is cheap and we always use restaurant.com gift cards. Our favorites are the meat kebabs and I like the gyros and beef pasta dishes.  Alcoholic drinks are not that expensive either.
I love Latin nights but the bartenders are so rude!\n**quick tip they don't except American Express** I got yelled at by the bartender for not having any other form of payment with me.
Their milk tea is delicious, but I'm not a fan of any food that they serve. The meats look like they were bought cheap, and flavors are the same: salty.
have a great flavor of yoghurt. the taste is not common yoghurt taste (tart)\nthey are more like a ice-cream flavor yoghurt, sweet and flavorful.\nthe price seems high compare to other places.\nthe address posted in yelp need to be change.
The Kir Royale, The Orange Julius, The Boston Dream... Omg and the Pumpkin Spice...holy moly ...but way way over priced!
Went there to change putter grip and they hooked me up and got it done in 10 minutes!
Good but probably the most expensive Italian Restaurant I've ever been to. The food is good. But not worth the price. We have cheaper and better options like Olive Garden.
I was pleasantly surprised, I usually stay away from burger joints as the food usually sucks. The burger was juicy, tasty, and worth the price. The smash fries had olive oil and were also tasty. I will go back.
The Sicilian Sub here is to die for. It's made fresh right when you order. The dough is slightly crispy and soft when you bite into it and you don't want it end! I live in Surprise and still drive out to get this sub!
Great service, cheap food (a rarity in Las Vegas), and relatively tasty meals. A great place to go to eat off a hangover. We were seated right away on a Friday morning at 10:30.
Tip the door guy $60 and you get a table like 3 feet away from all the buttz.
I used to work here, so my expectations may be higher than some....\n\n....but I mean I live 5 minutes away and my damn burger was cold when I got home....\n\nY'ALL SUCK.
everyone before me has said it already-a flash from the past-a drug store w/a diner. such great memories.
I love that I can pick up some stuff that I can't find in other places.  Surprisingly enough I found that they have the best prices on some energy bars.  Most products are way over priced and I think the customer service is lacking.
These guys are the best! I came in with a dead battery, they realized my urgency (was on lunch beak and needed to get back to the office) and they had my truck done in 15 minutes. AND they gave me a discount since I work around the corner. Go out of your way to use this Firestone store!
Convenient location. It's right across the street from where I work, so when I'm in need of caffeine I come here. Staff has always been pleasant.
Very disappointed!  Bland food with no flavor. Building looked historic on the outside, but was really very boring on the inside. Waitress disappeared often, took a long time to order, then waited about 30 mins to get the check.  Hate to say it, but Denny's has better food than this place.
Horrible place to go, waited for seats and when we did get seated, we waited. No one took our drink orders, we had to ask for our waiter and she just walked right past us. I seen enough waiters to help but I seen one person working and it look like the manager. Poor Service, last time I'll ever go there
Don't go.. really poor service.  Sat and waited for 25min to get a beer no such luck.   The servers just kept walking by me like I was invisible.   I could understand if they were busy but I was the only one sitting in my row.  I just don't get it.   Told the manager and then left.
The waitress was awesome and the restaurant itself was very nice as far as appearance and decor. Great wine list to choose from and the food was delicious. Can't wait to come back!
I visited the Vig last Monday and had the Best Turkey Sandwich with sweet potato fries. I don't know that it was the BEST turkey sandwich I've ever had, but it was definitely up there. :) The outdoor patio was also very cute and comfortable.
Not quite the insult to Mexican food that taco bell is... but also not as good as taco bell once you accept that you aren't eating Mexican food.
I regret coming to this place!!!  The first thing they asked is do you have insurance?  No hi hello or how can we help or how are you doing??  This is the worst place for urgent care!!!! I give this place a negative 5 rating!
Omar was great.  The food was tasty with a variety of options. The service was great, and it was affordable. I would definitely check it out?
I'm giving this a two star rating only because the beer was good and our server attentive. The wings were horrible. The place was almost empty and for a Friday night at 6:30, this ain't good.
The service was dubious. Very over priced $5 for rice $3 for side of sauce, entrees $14 for veggie and upwards of $35 for meat.  Indian food should not be anywhere close to this much especially when served with a frown.
The Best Burger I have had in Las Vegas!!!!
We really liked this place. The owners were friendly. The specialty drinks were good and pizza was really out of this world.
Easy to find, helpful, informative and timely.  My iPad 2 glass replaced quickly and at a reasonable price.  They also replaced my daughter's iPhone 4 glass that had been completely destroyed.  Very happy with the service and results.
Decent Pho. Not great but not bad
They have a small, but respectable beer menu.  Friendly gent at the bar, and a very cozy atmosphere.\n\nBut..let's be honest.  No one is coming here for the beer menu, decor, or friendly staff.  You're boozin' up waiting for the damned delicious pizza next door.
this is a great trail! quiet, long and scenic. so if u are ever in the area or visiting from outta town like me definitely check this trail out.  =) just go early in the am as it is AZ and it gets real hot real quick!
Still 4 stars by my book.  Love the ambiance and the I love the food despite it being a chain.  The waitstaff was well trained and were dressed alike with the logo showing, a nice touch.
Diablos BLOWS.... Music way too loud! Staff unhelpful, food quality marginal. Should have been a simple seating, 5:00 pm for 5, restaurant nearly empty. Don't waste your money!!
I was not impressed. It was okay but it wasn't a bad experience. The honey chicken was delicious but the sushi was average. Nothing special there. They do have boba tea which is nice to have. The location is okay and in a good shopping area. Busy though. The food was okay and decent priced.
Love the JessJess wings, the best!
Vegetarian review: The entrees are fantastic. My favorite are the noodle curries. The apps leave a little to be desired, but are good. The physical space is a little cramped, but cute. The service is consistently excellent.
Food is well made and tasty. Interesting interior and atmosphere. Good Italian soda. Good brunch place, but there are some better places in Madison. \n\nProbably deserves 4 stars if it was not for the following. No fresh juice.  No outdoor seating. A little slow. They don't take any cards.
I tried this place because I saw it had a nice rating and some good curry reviews... but I didnt care for their curry at all compared to my regular thai place.. and their wonton soup just didn't taste right to me... meh.
Your typical indie music store with a punk rawk orientation (unfortunately this is the Phoenix area's only one) ... with some books ... Henry Rollins included...
Best fish tacos I have had in Las Vegas.
mini chicken pesto pizza for lunch is to die for! may look small but will be enough for two people! the cookie is amazing to!
The particular lady who cut my hair had no clue what she was doing. I had to refrain from using the word 'trim' as she had no idea what I meant. I have been before and got a better haircut from a different lady. \n\nIt's a roll of the dice.
For a Petsmart store, this location is usually pretty empty, but that's okay by me. I always get greeted when I walk in and there is always someone to help get me crickets right away! The grooming salon is good but don't use them too much, maybe 2times a year!
It's a fun bar with great food and a good atmosphere.   Awesome TV's.  Great place for a pit stop or a party. :)
A little bit on the expensive side, the interior is gorgeous though and the atmosphere is great so the price is justified. The quality of the sushi was really good as well. Overall Osaka is a solid choice when looking for sushi on this side of town.
Loved the food! Lived in Asia for the most part of my life. This is one of the closest thing for a full Dimsum Chinese restaurant.
Delicious! great upscale breakfast/lunch/dinner place. Visited Montreal 3 times and have been there all three times. \nTheir flamb\u00e9 dishes are out of this world.
Excellent pizza. We are from Toronto and went here based on reviews. Great toppings. We liked the \"carre Phillips \" pizza.
Awesome! I live nearby and go often. It's a magical little place.
I bought my husband a few gift cards here. He was always happy and I would buy them again:-)
I'm a huge fan!  Superior service, cleanliness, color choices for gels are never ending!  Love, love, love this place!  Andy, Ivy, Bill... Everyone I've met gives nothing but genuine and impeccable service.
Great drink selection. The queso dip and nachos make it worth the trip.
For the price, the food is bland and tasteless.  There is nothing mexican about this place.  Even the margaritas suck.  Also, they put taco loco out of business.  \n\nScrew you emilianos.
good bang for the buck.  busy during lunch.  food generally good with exceptional lunch specials.  clearly NOT suit and tie place; but, you can get in-and-out for less than $8 bucks if you get the special.
Excellent high quality steak house .  Prime steaks and very good service .  I could go without the bathroom attendants in men's and ladies restrooms.  That is so 80's
We liked this place, good food and a fantastic beer list.  Great service, and decent seating - ie, you don't have to hear everyone else's conversations, nor they yours.\n\nReasonably priced - we've been back.
Didn't like this place on a Sunday night. Really expensive beers and the music wasn't good blues. Seemed more of rock music. Plus there were a lot of weird paintings.
Great shop, they absolutely know their stuff like nobodies business. Not only do they know what they are talking about, they are courteous. The customer service and knowledge shown here is a pleasant surprise in what is typically an unpleasant space (independent repair shops). Randy, is very thorough, and even speaks fluent German! Couldn't recommend enough.
Horrible service and non authentic tasting food. These breakfast burritos may fly in Louisiana but definitely not in Phoenix.
You can't beat the after school $1 kids cones Mon - Thu, the always happy service and classically good, not overpriced ice cream
I aware there food is Lined with crak.. So good
It's my own fault.....I keep going back and each time my experience is different.   It's close to home and they do have good food, but HELP, WHY do I have to ASK for a plate and a napkin after my food has arrived??  Pay attention servers!
It's an outlet in the desert....what can I say It was hot....there is a parking structure next to the stores and it was packed did not have to wait to long for a spot.  Bring water and your walking shoes.
We obviously screwed up somehow because hubby's Thai basil chicken was bland with zero spice.  I thought he ordered it medium but there was obviously a miscommunication.  For us, it was a huge miss.  At least it was reasonably priced.
Bottom of the barrel. I would not even eat here if the KGB escorted me here by gunpoint.
The Coco Motion Margarita is Sooooo GOOOOD!:D
The renovation makes this location one of the nicest in town... Perfect timing for the Publix opening next door.
Best pizza in town... hands down
Amazing cheap polish place. The perogies are to die for!\n\nAlso, this place has polish desserts, groceries, movies and magazines...Basically if you're at all interested in Polish culture, check this little gem out!
Big selection and nice people! Definitely going back to check out more!
Very delicious food! Very quaint atmosphere!  Super busy, so prepare to wait at least 30 minutes.
Went for a battery change - not only they charged $35- for a battery ( because there are screws on the back plate) \nThey bend the crown !! Poor service !
Had the eight corner pizza and a salad last night. Being from the Bronx NY I had my reservations but let me tell you it was not bad at all. I think I found my new favorite pizza joint now that I live in Matthews now.
Such a let down! The hells burger was good but not nearly as good as Holsteins. Pricey but onion rings were good and sweet potato fries....other than that meh...
They do a descent job given the number of travelers they serve. I wish the whole facility was non-smoking, but that's apparently a lot to ask for in Las Vegas. The food choices could also use an upgrade. But where else can you watch Blue Man Group give the TSA safety video. Points for that.
Steak was great .my waitress was not only very nice ,but very hot!!!lots of talent!over all a nice lunch
The best burger I've had so far!
From the moment we entered the building we knew it was a mistake.  The staff was a bunch of kids that didn't appear to be the least bit concerned with offering genuine customer service. The menu was extremely limited and the food was marginal.
Had fun but a little overpriced. the kids enjoyed the view and they were impressed with the rides.
Boy, this place went downhill fast. Did they change owners, cooks & food suppliers. Food is gritty, sauces are thick and/or slimy and the chicken is not cooked all the way. What a shame. Won't be back, until things improve.
I look forward to every visit! I always get exactly what I ask for.  I prefer the more natural look and she always delivers! I enjoy my many compliments but always give her the credit she deserves. She is a beautiful artist who makes me feel beautiful too. Thanks!!
Good for a quick bite. I got ham and cheese on a crossant with egg that I had to pay extra for. 6 bucks is pricey for an egg sandwich but I guess everything here is a bit pricey. Very good sandwich though. Like I said good for a quick bite but nothing special.
This is a great venue to watch a show.  I saw Oklahoma! and they did an outstanding job!  I would rate it five stars, but the food was just okay.  I wish there was a larger selection.
Awesome survival store!!! Was cool to see. Worth checking out if you are in the area
Food is OK. Chicken wings are not worth the price.  Bartenders need to be bit more friendly.  They should take notes from Twin Peaks.
$10 for a smog check. Was a little skeptical, but it was fast and easy. Good service. Hopefully, this deal will still be around next year.
I will only get my haircut here from now on. Great customer service. It may take some extra time because they are students. I like supporting the education process.
Super holy delicious! This is a must try. Their Asian fusion tacos are amazing.   I may have to drive around and follow them wherever they go.
They have all you can eat Alaskan snow crab on Tuesday and Thursday.  Its served all day.  the crab meat taste good but the shell was difficult to crack due to it seemed as if it was sitting in water and the shell become super soft.  The house salad is good with there dressing
This place is delicious. The hubby and I shared the Spanish omelette bad the whole wheat pancakes. The pancakes were perfectly sweet and so tasty. I loved the chorizo in the omelette too. It wasn't greasy at all. I lived their fresh made jams and popovers.
Recently rented a minivan to fit the visiting grandchildren.  The entire transaction was a breeze plus the people on the phone, at the desk and drop off woman were terrific!  I would use them again and highly recommend them to all my friends.
When I think of Outlet, I think of bargains. Most stores charge the same price as their normal everyday store. It is nice having all the stores in one location, just want deals.
Now this is a cool joint! Subway tiles, NY signs, plaid table covers,and swingin old music! The food is delicious! From the salads to the thin slice pizza it does not dissapoint!\nThe staff was young but super attentive.  We wish we had a place like this in California.
It's Starbucks, what else do you need to know.
One visit was enough for me.  Service was a bit slow although friendly.  breakfast was not good..had an old oil taste.
You will not find any better person than Eytan to sharpen your prized knife or to give you all of the information you need to buy a new one. As a home cook and former restaurant cook there is nothing like cutting with a knife Eytan has sharpened for me! I will go back again and again..
This place definitely gets so crowded that you can hardly move, but while waiting for a drink I was shoved by one of the bartenders and told to get the f out of his way so he could get behind the bar. I will never come back.
My wife and I were really looking forward  to this new experience, but were  somewhat  disappointed. Had reservations and still had to wait 35 minutes to be seated. Food was nothing to brag about. Good ambiance. Not a very good value.
The food was good but extremely overpriced.  $13 for fried rice and $9 for an appetizer with cheap ingredients is not worth it.  The serving sizes are small too. Another Thai restaurant in Vegas which charges quadruple and takes advantage of local peoples' love for Thai food.
Randomly came in and was in a hurry. They got me behind the chair right away and out of the salon within the time promised.
I'm not huge into motor-sports but this place is just awesome. I always enjoy the holiday light displays. It's a great way to spend some quality time with friends and family. I'm excited for my next visit, maybe a big event, I really want to see this place in action.
I finally found a decent local Italian restaurant. The complimentary garlic bread served in the beginning put us to a great start.  The food was good but nothing special about it. The grapefruit juice I ordered was not what I expected; I did not enjoy it at all.. I'll be back another time to try some more dishes
Can't beat the tacos in a pinch
I not only needed marketing materials designed and printed, but banners, signs and promotional items for my anniversary/grand opening. Eric was able to get everything I needed just in time for the big day. I only had to go to one place and he took care of everything.
Came here to fix what \"best nails\" messed up! Kevin hooked it up like crazy! My nails are amazing!!! Thank u!!
I'm not usually one to leave negative reviews and usually give the benefit of the doubt when I have one bad experience, but our family came here and finally left after waiting forever and never getting served. Too bad, because I LOVE places like this and have heard great things.
Food was good, but they don't really listen to your order or say it back. So I didn't get my order correct. But again the chicken is good.
We thought the sushi was great especially all you can eat for 9 bucks
I love this place! Their drinks and atmosphere are amazing! This is quite easily my favorite hangout spot!
Good food & service but there are flies flying all over the place, totally gross if you ask me.
Yuck. Dirty. Slow service. Gross food. Taco bell makes better food.
Great Pizza & Wing special. Always
AWESOME Bruschetta and great wines!
Roast Beef Sandwich leaves a great deal to be desired.  Where's the Beef???!!!
Great food crappy service and they tried to over charge us for 2 drinks wow!! I was shocked how our waitress kept walking passed us we had to ask 2 other people to help just to get place our order and get drinks.
Cookie platter for dessert... Why don't more people do this?
had a nice massage here - only wish that the rooms were carpeted... you could hear every move of the masseuse taking me out of the relaxed state...
I saw this show on our honeymoon and I have to say it was very entertaining.  The mix of high energy drums and effects is great fun and would be an excellant Family show.
My favorite spray tan studio! I am an aesthetician and refer my clients to Arizona Airbrush Studio for the best and healthiest looking tan! My tan always last 7 days and fades away naturally after about 10 days. I love this tan and these girls are the best!
I will never stay here again!! Hire some housekeepers that can clean. Our suite is dirty & dusty.
Terrible service, very pretentious place. Waited for my coffee for 20 min once and in the end it turned out they forgot ! Sold me a day old pastry...
I could not agree more with Tiffany Z! This place is full of professional hustlers! They will try to sell/charge you anything to make as much as they can!!!! Staff are very lazy and rude!!! I'm glad I'm canceling my membership!!!
Decent food at decent prices.  I wasn't blown away by this place.  I was somewhat disappointed since I heard this is one of the better places in town to have breakfast - I have definitely had better elsewhere!
I think this place is great!  Great quality and fair prices too!
I tried this place for the first time at the Yelp Event in NoDa. I tried samples of the chicken with quinoa and the parfait-like dessert. They were both excellent.
You know you're broke when you even think about eating this. Marinara sauce tastes like it's cut with salsa, and the pizza crust tastes like it was brushed in margarine. Questionable all around, but it's even CHEAPER than Little Caesar's, so do you really have a right to complain?
Obsessed. I go daily. Each location is always a fast and fun experience. I have the  kicker from the traditional menu or the white zombie from the secret menu. ;) like I said love love love if you have never had dutch brothers you are missing out.
It was OK.  the Hummus was bland & the food took like 20 mins to come out.  didn't think it was that affordable either.
www.bigtsreivews.com
good cheap tools and accessories!
Quick service and they have vegetarian options, which are few and far between here in Phoenix
Just tried some breakfast here for the first time and it was terrible. How do you mess up eggs!? \nThe eggs were gross and so were the strawberry cream waffles. \nFor being a big chain I really hope they fix their food.
Watered down beer, horrible entertainment that's so loud you would think they are performing at a stadium, un-seasoned food, and to top things off, rude service.\n\nHow do you get fish and chips wrong?  Order them here if you want to find out.
The food was okay at best-had a 4 shrimp cocktail appetizer and fish and chips. My bill was over $50 -has to be the most overpriced place that I've eaten in Vegas for the quality which was fair at best I would avoid this place other than for a beer.
As of this week they appear to be out of business.  I had a few of our cars washed there and they did okay.  Hopefully someone will take over the place.
Amazingly soft chicken and huge portions!!!! Medium sized fries are almost 3-4 large McDonald's fries. Friendly staff as well! Always a line up!
The first couple of times that I've been here, I thought that the food were pretty good;  however,  on my last recent visit,  I thought that that the food was just okay.  The pasta was good but the chicken sandwich was just okay.
Went here looking for something specific and they didn't have it. But on a good note, found something better :) The pricing is good, and the cashier was friendly.
This place is absolutely disgusting. \nThe workers here are terrible, and the service is so slow. The food is outrageously expensive, and you get terrible service and quality.
We love coming here for their Baked Pork Chop and Spicy Salt. We also usually get one of the fried rice dishes with our meal. The only knock on the place is the location. Never had a bad experience and we always look forward to coming here to eat.
Tasty!\n\nI had bun bo hue, it was delicious.
The guy driving car 3513 was rude, and needs to go back to driver's education. Made turns from the wrong lanes and then flipped me off for honking at him. If this is the type of driver's you employ I will not be recommending your company.
Ugh ... maybe I'm just getting really old, but this place was too crowded, too noisy, too slow to serve the drinks and the drinks were just nasty.  NEXT!
Beware!! My mother in law had a cockroach in her tea!!!! Not sure if it was in her cup or in the refill. We noticed it at the end of our meal! We were mortified n they were quite rude about it to boot!! It's a shame because we WERE regulars.
Great bar in the mirage hotel. You get half off drinks if you show them your Beatles Love tickets
Typical mall place to buy glasses.   I was greated right away....but after that.   Just wait.   There were only two employees and about 10 customers.   Someone did come out of the lab to move things along.   Not someplace I would visit for anything except safety glasses for work.
Oh, how I dislike this store.  What does a girl have to do to get someone to find her a macbook battery?  Seriously.  How many people do I have to ask.  And, then, finally someone goes to look, only to come back saying that they don't have any.  The mac store has no macbook batteries?
Seems like they have a decent selection, but after sitting for 10 minutes with several open tables (it wasn't busy), we still hadn't been acknowledged and walked out. Maybe the scotch makes up for the bad service.
This is a good brunch spot, but can be very crowded during the weekends...
The food was decent. The server was nice. But the place had a weird vibe. It has low\nLighting and it's run down.  It's also not kid friendly. There is no kids menu and our server only took our order; we had to call him back to order for her.
I have been to The Brush Bar twice - and it is a blast every time.  Regardless of your artistic talent, grab a mimosa, let the instructor guide you through the painting process, and have fun.
Owner is super friendly. We go often! He even changes the movie for us so my preschoolers can watch their favorites. I highly recommend mix n lix. Yogurt flavors are awesome. Excellent variety of toppings. Low price, not expensive like most other places. This is as good as it gets!
Go here for the deep fried Twinkies, free beer, and to see \"What Not to Wear.\"  If you're into mardi gras beads, well, hell, get those too.
A great selection of food. I especially liked the sushi, king crab legs, and Mediterranean section. The dessert table looked delicious.  They even have cotton candy! Great service!
Very special treatment! Great service and very professional!  \nI Tell everyone it's so yummy!
Not worth a visit. Lots of entree options but it felt like an Applebee's - with plastic menu's, oversized portions and overcooked food. Food is inexpensive but you get what you pay for. Service was good and atmosphere was average.
The caesar salad was surprisingly very tasty.\n\nI ordered the 17oz rib eye its not your typical thick rib eye this one was just wider.  Still as delicious
A bit pricey for what it is. But the crab cakes where good . Burger ordered medium arrived well done still tasty but not worth the bill
Don't eat outside, we have young children and thought it would be better to sit out on the patio - 3 families went in after us and where already eating before we received our food, not to mention we had to make 3 trips back inside for condiments and remaining order items.
If you smoke this is a great place my eyes were burning the minute I walked in the door
I'm not really a chicken fan, but I will say that Bojangles has outpaced KFC in my book. Many years ago there was nothing better than a canoe and a bucket of KFC. Something changed. Bojangles is actually better.
This place was extremely rude when asked to fill a catering order for my coworkers and I at work. They would not work with us and treated us like we were not wanted. Avoid this place like the plague
Daisy and Debbie have been cutting my children's hair for the past two years. The service has always been excellent and the staff very friendly.
I followed the barbers here from another barbershop when they decided to open their own shop.  The place looks great and it's even closer to where I live.  I would not go anywhere else!
I also meant to add that they have special event dinners as well as a Friday night special and a winter prix fix for only $39! It's nice to know I have the option to eat have my steak and eat it too.
I avoid this place!  They don't care about their neighbors and play extrememly loud music on Saturday nights till 2am keeping many locals awake.  The staff doesn't seem to care about this issue either. I will not go there until they change their practices.
I didn't really care for the meatloaf, but loved the appetizers and cornbread. The service was very accommodating and the food came out fast. I will probably give this restaurant another shot, but will order something else.  The fried chicken and waffles that I observed on another table looked very good.
This place is so awesome! A very inexpensive place for family fun! It's so nice that you can interact with the animals. I just love it. Very well taken care of and maintained.
15$ mimosa.  Mehh. Decent service for an airport bar. Menu was limited at my early Arrival. I opted for a liquid breakfast.
Found a wire in the served spaghetti. A waitress took it away without any apology. Really bad service and the food is plain. We don't recommend this restaurant.
Great place to hang out.  Kind of like a Cheers; where everyone knows your name.  Food was good & bartenders friendly.  Will definitely go again. :)
I will be craving the blue cheese chips until the next time I go. The steak was amazing too. Great service. A definite stop.
Friday, December 28.  Kitchen closed at 7:00 PM!  Why even open?
I've had better. Cucumber was soggy, bread wasn't as fresh as I've had at other places, and the mayo concoction on there was too much. \n\nI enjoyed the honey lemon tea.
It was delicious, but I found it too overpriced. The breakfast ones used to be cheap, but now since you can add any veggie they added $4 to the price. It's like $8-9!
We are very exited for the expansion of the store.  The service is excellent .  It has that small town homey feel, yet can meet all of your hardware needs.
HOLY MOTHER OF DONUTS! This place is amazing. My daughter and I stop every Friday morning, and honestly, it's the highlight of my whole week. Donut holes are to die for, but everything here is good. Like other reviewers said, get here early because they go fast!
Fantastic resort. Smaller casino footprint in the hotel which added to the resort feel.
overpriced for the quality.  You can definitely get worse.  $15 for breakfast, I expect fresh donuts and bagels.  If it is convenient for you, go ahead.
Such a shame this place has such terrible service because the atmosphere and happy hour is great! Have rented a karaoke room, came for lunch and did happy hour... Every time horrible service! Long waits for food and drinks, servers and bartenders have poor attitudes... Pretty sure we won't be back
Very average lunch buffet..
If you want a place to come to for the environment then this is your place.  If you want good food, look elsewhere. Very pricey for what you get.
Ok, this place has tons of potential, but do we really need the blaring crappy house music? There's plenty of that on the strip, Fremont is for the other half of the population who hate the strip. Please rectify your DJ situation Vanguard Lounge and I promise to return.
They do a nice job here. The location is very good. The rooms were quite nice.
I don't know why my stomach gets upset every time I eat at this particular restaurant, I've eaten at other Panda Express and loved it. I just can't eat here. I hope u chose wisely
Went in for a beer after I hiked Squaw Peak, had seen this place on Yelp since it was near my house.  The other customers were very nice, the bartender was not. The happy hour prices were not even that good, I could walk to 4 places near by that are more friendly and have better HH.
Don't schedule online, call them because their website reliability is garbage.
Worst place in concord...went there tonight after a wedding we went to waited 35 min to get a burger. When it came it was warm and not hot
Super cheap and good! I loved how large the portions were, the squid salad came in a large bowl and was delicious. We will definitely be returning.
Loved my first experience, Pens win!!! The facilities were clean, beer cold, fans adorable, a variety of venues to enjoy, and I found a good buy on a hockey shirt. What more does a fan want? Only tickets at face value...
Happy Hour is the best time to go! The beef empanadas and coconut shrimp is flavorful.  The ultimate pina colada is refreshing.  The warm chocolate pineapple upside down cake is to die for.
Scottsdale Dive Bars - The Spur & Coach House can't beat 'em. Everyone is friendly, drinks and music are great.
A small place, the food is great. The curry fries are fantastic and a must order!\nThe staff is friendly and the decor is very cozy in an authentic traditional way. \nI really enjoyed Curry Corner and will likely come back again
Place is joke.  Do your self a favor and rent a car from a respectable place, you'll thank yourself later.
Ray's is a greasy-pizza lover's wet dream.  Be sure to plan your dieting around this place as you are sure to have higher cholesterol when leaving!!! :)
Very good food and quick service :) the chicken pesto flatbread was great and so is the blimey limey smoothie
Got my sandwich delivered to me, and the guy got here quick. He met me downstairs, I felt bad for him because it was raining out. I recommend them whole-heartedly!
Well if you want a run around  company we just found one. They tell you one day then it turns to be another day. All I can say is good luck.
After visiting a few Thai restaurants in larger cities, I am pleased at how many things this place gets right.   Food is great.
The checkin person was great but besides that this hotel sucked. No ventilation, as the smoke just hit you every time you left the room. Then they nicked every cent they could from you for items that are usually free in most places. Not recommended.
Never fails to hit the spot! I could eat here every week and still love it. Outstanding menu and great on-tap selection, too. Definitely a Valley gem.
Didn't think anyone could ruin chicken strips and Fries but they sure did tonight.  Strips were burnt and fries you could nearly crack a tooth on. But the ranch was excellent
Z-Cafe has turned what could be considered just another boring sandwich into something amazing and FAR from boring! I never even realized how fancy macaroni salad could be until I met this place. I love that the go to sandwich option is now more like a special occasion I need to find an excuse to celebrate often. So glad I found you!!
This place BLOWS. dont waste your night here.\n\nits a restaurant turned club.\nOnly 2 bars\nDance floor is as big as a cheap hotel room.\n\nno wonder it was free on a Sat night.\n\n\nhalf star for strong drinks
This hotel provided us the best view I've seen from the strip overlooking the fountain shows. The hotel was very trendy and high tech isn't even a good enough phrase to describe the ammenities. YOU must stay here if you want a great Vegas experience.
Overpriced. The atmosphere is great, but the food is too buttery and overpriced. I went there twice last year. I forget exactly what I ordered, but I definitely remember the food being greasy and overpriced.
I seriously don't see what pizza all these great reviews were eating. Very bland pizza and nothing like the Grimaldis in NY!
Very good pizza.  Wait time was a little long, but staff was friendly to me and my 4 year old so it was fine.
I really live the intimate setting and the choreography was amazing.  I really liked the story line.  Amazing performers...they were all over the place.  My favorite part of the show were the diving techniques.  Amazing heights and spins.  The mechanical stages were also impressive.  How deep is that water?!?!  Glad we went!
Excellent very fresh sushi! Great crowd and worth the little wait. I am visiting from Los Angeles and this restaurant is as good as many in LA, NYC & SFO
so good, food is great!!
Great sushi restaurant, service was excellent, staff was very friendly \"chewy\" and \"Jose\", and the food was very fresh. Drink never went empty, and the variety of food is great. Will be going back for sure!
Will have to try it again, fried pickles a little salty.  Burgers are never as good when take out, will have to eat in next time
The italian food was definitely the best try the meat balls yummm... Generic buffet food but definitely better than most by far and super cheap for only 10 bucks
Sexy bikes, art, good coffee, cake, friendly & knowledgeable staff, nice & relaxed cafe and they screen races. Another great independent store in Edinburgh. They also stock cool cycling gear and Rouleur magazine.
The price is RIGHT. The sushi is acceptable and my wife and I got more than our fill for like $25. Yeah I know a bunch of sushi for $25 and it was good.
Best place ever! The staff are trained and educated and create a very comfortable environment. They also help with all kinds of concerns and issues.
Room 1036 needs repairs.\n\nThe value of this hotel is not worth it. It looks really nice on the outside but our room is missing the room number on the outside. The bathroom light fixture is hanging out of the ceiling. The shower door is being wedged open with a 2 x 4.
Feels dated with a hint of Ghetto. Low ceilings in rooms, reminds me of a better Circus Circus, with less ghettoness.
Crazy yummy brunch menu!  Great place to hang.  Food was awesome, serves quick, and service was top notch!
Excellent.  It has indian food (good for vegetarians). They make a salad in front of u whixh is good cuz they can properly toss it
Had the two sampler poutine, bad bad choice! Should of sticked with the classical ones. If you could, don't order take out! When I took the poutine home, everything was not good. But don't be disappointed in this restaurant! I believe my experience was just a odd occurrence.
When the same place has Punjabi, Gujarati and South Indian dishes, you cannot avoid doubting authenticity. From the place and people it looked more like South Indian place so I ordered dosa to be safe. And it was OK like I expected. But my friends ordered Punjabi and Chaat and they are extremely disappointed.
Tried for lunch... Friday, half empty and told me food would be 20 minutes after ordered.  20 minutes later... another 20 minutes for a half empty restraunt.
Pleasant atmosphere...extensive menu. LOVE the coconut shrimp!  Excellent, knowledgable staff.  Looking forward to dining on the deck when weather warms a bit.\nSherry\nLake Wylie
Walked in with a massive hangover, shot of Jameson, a beer, and a patty melt....walked out feeling like a million bucks.....THANKS
Cheap quick sushi. Simple. Not great. But hits the spot, albeit a bit messily. It's not unfresh, it's just a LOT which can be good but this makes twice that I've consumed just too much. \n\nNot really their problem.
Got my oil changed here. The next morning I had half a quart of fresh oil on my garage floor. Took it back in. They had snapped the head off the drain plug and are now taking a hammer and chisel to it to remove it. While smoking a cigarette.
Zero knowledge about insurance billing and general office procedures. Office manager argues and has a bad attitude. I would not recommend this place, nor will I ever schedule another appointment. Go to Lenscrafters if you have Tricare/United Healthcare.
my wife and i have been to this place a few times and have not had a bad experience .service is good and they have military discount and thats what really will keep us going back!
A-OK sandwich.  I love sandwiches and this place will be on my recommendation list.\n\nI got my staple of Turkey and roast beef grilled.  I have had better but this is definitely a good sandwich and it was even better since its was available at 5:30am after a night of  partying!
Pete and Jay were amazing; they came super fast and opened my BMW X5 right away and without a problem or damage. AAA sent ABC Locksmith tech who had no idea what he was doing; glad I had someone who did because ABC wasted 3 hours of my time.
Um I just go here if I need to make a sports bet. Old and needs a facelift but not bad. Its a dirty locals place. Not really a tourist spot.
After dinner dessert: Chocolate souffl\u00e9 and Butter cake are amazing! Inside Mirage Casino Hotel, a lot of TV to watch games. The servers are solid. \nBut don't get the hot tea, they serve Lipton.
Christian our waiter was awesome and entertaining, had the spinach benny and bacon an egg avocado omelette ( it is exactly as advertised.) wait was a bit long but the food and overall experience was totally worth it
Such delicious Russian food! And my partner agreed, only time he thinks Russian food is good is if his aunt makes it! If you walk into a Russian restaurant, always get the red beat soup, borscht! If that's delicious, then all the other plates are delicious!!!
Great Lunch, a little slow. the service was awesome even though the kitchen was slow.
You'll love this place (I didn't) if you like bland food and indifferent management. Will not eat again. Avoid. I regretted choosing this place.
Went again last night....better than the first time!! New sangria and beer options along with the updated decor makes it even better!
I love this restaurant. Very cheap, very clean, the food is sooo good. My mom and I eat there once every couple of weeks, sometimes twice once a week. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The environment is very comforting. I recommend this place to anyone who loves cheap but tasty Mexican food.
What a unique place to visit!  Alittle touristy, but alot of great spots for photo ops.  There is not much, but the name was so interesting that we had to check it out!
Decent food, nothing spectacular...byob and a very nice owner
Tried again and still not happy.  Streaks on windows...I can understand not going in to the backseat of the car, but I don't understand why they can't clean the console!  This is the last time....I gave it a second try and still disappointed.
One of my favorite places to eat in Scottsdale.  Good food. Great bartenders who make near perfect cocktails, and a great high energy staff.  Try the chicken chopped salad.  Best you'll try. On a weekend, check out their speak easy upstairs.  Great little place to hang out and try some new craft cocktails
Been here several times. Fairly convenient parking, good places to eat. Just a nice airport as airports go.
Worst customer service and the owner is horrific! I wouldn't shop there if everything was free
Solid food. Great service. Servers in pajamas! Illy coffee. Excellent bread in a pot...part cinnamon roll, part yeast roll. Get it with the cream cheese syrup! Outdoor seating. Cute spinning umbrellas on the ceiling fans. Great brunch spot.
I work in Carnegie and passed this joint on a regular basis, so I decided to get some takeout. I sat down around 12:30, ordered the Udon - a relatively simple dish with noodles and veggies.... they didn't have it ready until 1:15.
I bought a fantastic mattress at a great price. Jim Lane the sales associate who helped me was very informed and went out of his way to make sure I got exactly what I wanted and above all wasn't pushy. All in all a wonderful buying experience.
Must try this restaurant - by far the Best Italian food in Mesa - nice to have quaint little place to escape where the food is delicious!!
Delicious. Great meat options. A few veggie,  nothing vegan. Hot the spot with great taste and value after a long day hiking. Loved it!
Food was amazing! I had the chicken Marsala and mushroom risotto which I couldn't finish because it was sooo much good. I totally recommend place.
If you like spending a lot of money for little bites of flavor this place is for you!  The tiny morsels are delicious yet expensive. Great if you are rich.and on a diet, otherwise you will leave looking for someplace to eat.
Mmm. Dinner here and it's so good. The chicken sandwich with cane sauce. Get here early cuz they are busy.
Central and Simple\nClean, cheerful, a simple place\nCurrent films are shown
Such good coffee, really great service. I was so annoyed that Starbucks was the first coffee shop you happen across in NY NY because this one is so much better. I will make sure to go back when I head through Vegas again.
Great place to have drinks since I haven't been able to try the food yet.But the friendly staff is always making sure your OK and pouring nice drinks. \n   Not many sports bars in our neighborhood but Times 3 Just made things a whole lot better!
I had the eggplant dish with vermicelli noodles. Wife had the chow mien.  Both items were greasy and lacking in flavor. Sad, I had high hopes after seeing the reviews. Disclaimer: I am not sure it makes a difference; I am neither vegan or vegetarian.
Bad atmosphere - super chilly staff - not sure how this place can survive when compared to the better service at the other establishments at the Container Park.
Over priced and under filling. A $9 salad shouldn't be 95% lettuce. Save your money for somewhere else. Their saving grace is the beer.
good, had the kobe burger but i couldnt tell the difference in tase compared to a normal beef burger.
Stopped for lunch. Food was good, and $ was great for location. Would love to come back and try the seafood. Looked great.
Never come eat here again rude staff small portions dirty location they brought out our meal and said the tortillas were on there way never got them So disappointed with thistestaurant Ill never take my family there again
Not only has my flight been cancelled trying to get to Orange County, California twice in less than a year, most recently I was in contact with three others who had significant flight delays the same day I did. \n\nNot only is Southwest no longer reliable, its prices haven't been competitive in the past 3 years or so.
Love coming down to MexiCasa and enjoying an evening full of good food and beer! I haven't had a bad meal yet. I always leave happy and full. Get the southwest sauce!!!!!
Typical Brasserie style restaurant - nice, yet comfortable.  The setting at the Venetian is very nice...especially if you can eat outside on the patio.  Great selection of drinks, food was exceptional, and the waitstaff was very good.  Recommended!
Yummmmmyyyy! Love love love!
Hey yelptards - The Griffin is not a 24/7 establishment. You'll want to update your information so people don't go out of their way to a bar that is closed until the evening.
Was here for about 15 minutes, one rep was not helping any customers and no one told me to sign in or anything, I wanted to add a line, just do it online and let these useless employees go.
This Joann's has everything you could ever need. I love shopping here. Always an amazing selection and so much to see. On the rare occasion they don't have just what I'm looking for, I'll hit up Michael's. This is your one stop crafting shop.
This is impressively tasteless. I adore Chinese food but this place is really unacceptable, not even mediocre.
Love their burgers and fries so much. Their burgers are so juicy and served fresh unlike McDonald's near by, I'd rather buy my meal here instead especially since it's served fresh and actually looks like a burger.
These guys are great. They know their stuff. Anything I asked them to do the knew how to do it and how to do it right. Thanks guys.
This place was pretty good. It's a good location for people on campus! The people were pretty nice and did a nice job on my manicure. It was an average place! A couple dollars overpriced at $15. I've had perfect $13 manis before. Not much to say!
Awesome fajitas! Fresh made tortillas are amazing, and I use that word sparingly. Great place.
One of the cheapest and fastest pizza options on the Strip. Yes, I was positively surprised with the high quality of food and service. The only thing it took forever to serve them our wine and beer. That was weird.
Great shopping, great atmosphere, Simply one of the best hotels in Vegas.  Always great for people watching!
Super cool guys!! Perfect hangover food!!\n\nI love when the bottom of the pie is crispy but not burnt. Delish!!
Excellent little place for salads, gyros and shawarma. The food is always good and fresh. \n\nThe service is always good and the staff has remained consistent over the years which leads me to believe the ownership and management are good.
My husband and I eat here as much as we can and hands down it this is the best Mexican food in town.  Everything we have ever eaten there has been awesome and the prices are great.   The portions are generous and the service is always fast and with a friendly smile!
My orthopedic surgeon Dr Feng is awesome! Always friendly and answers all my questions.
Grilled salmon (Atlantica) wrap - good taste high protein without being heavy. Well done.
Go see it.  So much fun.  Even if you aren't a Prince fan, go with someone who is.  You will dance and have fun!!
Yeah...not flying this airline again. Cheap tickets aren't that cheap after everything is said and done. Website sucks. Online check in was an unnecessary hassle.
Love this place!  Their spa gel pedicures are the best!!  Love their massage chairs and hot rock massage!
Dr. Matt Paige is the best. His adjustments & neuro-emotional therapy has done wonders for me!
Just purchased my puppy today. I had a great experience. Will update my post later after my vet check up.
Recently visited this office location. I have been to plenty of joint offices in the valley but this one was special. Dr. Brian was very nice and welcoming and I will definitely be coming back to have my adjustments done with him.
This place is CLOSED now. Waaaa! So take your stingy butts to Chipotle 3 stores down.  They got $5 burritos but NO FREE CHIPS! We will miss that!
Most people go here for the pizza, but I love the fries and wine...especially during happy hour :)
Dirty and no service. Got tired of waiting and left.  I do not understand the great reviews.  Who knows maybe I went on a had day. But there were only two other tables and one had finished eating alread.
Nothing to see here folks. Such a disappointment to see this joint trying to wrap orange chicken in a tortilla. Jerk rice, boo. I'll give it to them though, I did feel like a JERK for buying their food. Never again. I'll pass.
Carne Asada fries!  That's all I need to say.
Texas is no way near as polished as the strip casino's and has way less tourists (like me). Excellent for some undisturbed \nroulette. Loved playing old skool bingo in the even more old skool hall. Staff is very friendly. The place feels real, no frills.
Beatiful bar, terrible servers. The cocktail waiters are working both gaming and lounge and for you to order a drink while sitting on their sofas was nearly impossible. It was a group of us and the cocktail waitress only came by twice in the 3 hours we were there. It's a shame because it's a realy nice place.
Tight little shop. With a very knowledgable staff. The juice is really good. My favorite is the tfk with max vg
We ordered the family platter for appetizer and an XL cheese. The pizza tasted like bagel bites. The sauce had a pork after taste. It was pretty obvious that everything on the family platter was frozen but the onion rings were good. The service was nice and fast.
Shortly after writing my previous update, the manager wrote me and promised the cardio machines would be fixed. Checked it out a few weeks ago and they totally were!
Superb!  A brilliant show in every respect. This show does a great job of combining a fantastic Cirque Do Soliel show with some\nOf my favorite music. I could see this show over and over again!.
Jumbo shrimp are bigger than red lobster
I am from Philadelphia and I am always looking for good pizza. I recently came upon Mama Mia on the way home from work and I have been there every week since. If you like true U.S. eastern style pizza at a good price then you should try Mama Mia's. It is truly great!
We weren't impressed at all with the quality or taste of the food we ordered and received.  And the staff were not attentive at all.  Maybe they should hire more staff.   A sad excuse for a spot to grab a bite, even for an airport.
Hm...stood in line for an HOUR! Just to have two plates :( We went for a late lunch. They didnt have much in my opinion for paying 25 bucks! The only thing i liked was the BBQ Salmon and Pineapple Fried Rice thats it.
The best barber in town period. Tara does a great job on my hair and the service in the shop is exemplary.
Great food, one of the better Robertos in the valley. Meat is cooked on the spot as opposed to being pre cooked like other places are known to do. The food is great overall, with every item having a distinctly different taste from the others in the chain. Definetely worthy of 5 stars.
Sadly this place has gone downhill since it changed ownership. The original owners did an amazing job. Now just another corporate owned restaurant, where quality gets lost... So sad. Used to be amazing...
Absolutely fantastic gem of a find. Oversized, flavorful breakfast food.  Service was not so hot at 11pm, but the food was so good I didn't care.  24 hour. They had non-breakfast food,  but I did not partake.
Nope...    Staff was rude, chatting with each other and ignoring the customers.  Screwed up our order, once correct food was brought out, it was mediocre at best.  Not anything like the one on AZ Ave in Chandler.
The food was fine. Not worth fine dining prices though. The service was slow, and I'm pretty sure they lied about why my salad took nearly 30 minutes to make. That wouldn't have been a big deal if they displayed slightly less indifference. My dismay was exacerbated by the couples seated near me complaining, too.
I love this place. I crave the capastrami wayyyy too much. I recommend you sandwich lovers to dine here. Worth it!\n\nThe service is great as well!
Terrible place to get service if you are a young single female.
this place is a joke! my husband told me to go to meineke and i should have listened #creeps
came out last night with a few friends. The bar was cool, but I'm really not a fan of the crowd in Old Town. The drink prices were not bad, but it was a blast dancing outside. Overall a pretty cool spot.
If I could give zero stars, I would. A delivery time of 4 hours? I don't understand what the issue is with this location. Also, I shouldn't have to call back 3 times after being put on hold and hung up on to cancel an order. Do not ever order from here.
Poor service, one dinner order wasn't placed with the kitchen, and raw pancakes. I'm a better cook than the guys in back. Likely won't return.
I love the huge menu selection. Everything here is really good. so fun to people watch also
Very blah! Not worth it.
I really enjoy myself here. The food, the staff and the prices are all good. I do have to admit that I have only had the pizza though. They have a nice sized crowd every time I am there.
Great rooms. Clean. Nice location. Girl at front desk has attitude, that was the only problem. I would stay here again.
Breakfast all day. Even if you work nights. Food served hot quick. Fast. Very nice staff.
Lovely atmosphere and great service. Everything is good and certain menu items are fantastic! I especially love the paiella and salmon toast.
Super nice and easy to work with! Came in with a flat,  and was in and out quickly!  \nThey didnt try to upsell me anything! Definitely would suggest for services!
The chili chicken was delicious.  Reasonable portion size.  Good Indian/Asian beer selection.  Definitely will come back and try other dishes.  Quiet, attractive decor.\nOn subsequent visits have tried the Chicken 65, honey chicken, pepper chicken. Lunch or dinner, it's all good. Consistently tasty
Meh. The foods great as always but idk about this location.. Way way too loud there all the time even when the game isn't on. I used to be crazy about Primanti's but not anymore.
Never thought Mesa would have good sushi. It was a pleasant surprise to discover Zushi in my new neighborhood. Employees are nice, food is great, price is reasonable, and it has great ambiance. What more can you ask for?
This is for the cafe. The wraps are overpriced for something that can finished in 3 bites. Ugh! Wish I knew!! The only thing that's worth the $12 is the burger and breakfast sandwich. Not worth the money n the journey to find breakfast food.
They've got quite the selection of tasty popcorn. The owner is passionate about his business. Given the dozens of flavors offered, I think they need to rethink the 2 sample policy. Perhaps a tasting fee which could be applied to one's purchase would prevent folks from getting a free bag of popcorn through sampling.
Been getting my lashes done for over a year now and  99% of the lash artists I have seen have done a great job! I try to stick with the same artist but I am a last minute kind of girl so they are not always available the times I need. The atmosphere is very relaxing and I have fallen asleep several times while getting a fill.
Wonderful experience, great service and exceptional food.  Only reason I did not give 5 stars is it is geared towards tourists, like everything is in Vegas. We went for a special dinner, to celebrate a special event... it just lacked the \"wow\" and \"over the top\" I was hoping for
Very nice place to eat! Friendly device, great food, and nice background music! Keep it up!!!
Got my iced tea and then waited for over an hour with no service. Left without eating, and will not return. Thanks for nothing.
My husband loves this place.Their food is delicious and very affordable. Whenever we get a craving for Mexican food we come here :-)
This place has solid pan-Asian offerings with fresh ingredients. Persuasian is now our \"go to\" Asian restaurant. They are consistently good in there execution of the food which seems to be the thing that trips up many places. The staff is attentive and friendly, the wine selection in very good and the beer selection is solid.
Delicious, clean food. WAY too expensive for the amount of food you get.
The worst customer experience ever!!! For such a small place, you would think they'd care about keeping patrons happy. But our waiter was rude and impersonal and the owner approached the table and was even worse!! Would not recommend. Spend your $$$$ elsewhere.
Been looking for the absolute best nail salon for years and I think I've finally found it. Have been coming here for almost a year and have never had an issue. They always do a great job on both my pedi and acrylics. I recommend this place. Ask for Frances. She's super fast, yet, gentle.
Biaggios is the absolute best pizza on the west side of town. He has the best doughs, sides and the value you can't beat. The owner is one of the nicest people ever. He definitely tries to take care of you. Definitely recommend!
Baked Pork Buns !!!! Awesome pastries
Get the coconut French toast with chicken wings...out of this world good. I still crave it
Would have loved to eat there, but even with there insane early posted closing, the staff told us they were closed at 10:20 on a Friday night.
Have never eaten there, but went for cocktails after a show. The atmophere is very nice, slightly upscale, but not too upscale, and the drinks were reasonably priced. Would go again for sure!
Can't go wrong with Yogurtland. They always have a good variety of flavors and a GREAT selection of toppings. Prices are reasonable too. I wish there was a little more seating as it can get busy in the evening. Look for their coupons in the mail!
Chose because I am not from area and they delivered to my hotel. Half way through my Yellow Curry (taste not remarkable but not really bad either) I found a big moldy patch on a bell pepper. \n\nCan't really tell you how the rest of the meal was because I lost my appetite.
The place looks nice but it took over 2 hours to get some towels and over and hour for room service.After multiple calls they told me that they had no records of me ever calling for anything... wasn't satisfied.
being from hawaii I am super picky about sushi.BEST SUSHI IN TOWN HANDS DOWN!
Over priced bottle service to wait 90 minutes when the reservation was setup with a hookup and a table shuffle out in the heat on the roof...lame
It's good because it's right net to my place but I find it over priced and the staff seem MISERABLE..
Not my favorite location. Stopped in this evening and had to wait about 10 minutes with only one person ahead of me. The barista would take the order, go start on the drink, come back for payment, then finish the drink. Repeat routine for next customer. Inefficient. She was very friendly though.
Best chinese food in vegas, hands down. Homemade love in there and guess what?? the staff is nice..even on the phone. the prices are too absolutely die for! i spent more in gas getting there than i did on the food. love u guys
While it's great sushi, the staff is awful unable to resolve issues with an order, eventually ignoring our calls. Our order arrived with one roll missing, not for the first time. They agreed to deliver the missing roll and it never arrived. Make sure to double check your order upon delivery.
Horrible customer service. I will never deal with them again! I like to gamble in Vegas but going to this place will make you feel like you lost miserably. Customer service rejected me like a stripper working the Monday morning shift...
I love the Vig Uptown for it's atmosphere and good drinks.  This is always a stand by place for me when no one can think of or agree on a place to go.  The food is decent and can meet the tastes of anyone in your group.
Had a little plaque that goes on a trophy. They wanted a dollar a letter. $57. 00 for a 2\" by 1/2\" plaque. Very unreasonable. I had the plaque to boot
When i'm in need of major color, I always come here and get the dark in a day. 50 moolah and you can get 3-4 shades than what you came in with. it consists of level 5 tanning bed and mystic tan.
Great location, but staff is a bit tardy at returning calls and answering requests.
Tried the new Big Carl. Not bad, but I don't need a whole head of letuce just clumped on the damn thing. Come on Carl. Put some effort into it.\n\nValue: Carl\nPreparation: Mac\nTaste: Carl\nSize: Carl
I ate this food for 10 years until they decided to not deliver my food and not answer the telephone. Do not order from this place. I REPEAT, DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS PLACE.
Just returned from my stay in Scottsdale  it was just OK \nnot worth the money i went back to Good Egg \nthe menu changed an i felt incredibly rushed \nwill not return
Not sure why I keep expecting this place to get better but it doesn't. Order an app, which showed up after only one of our two entrees appeared 15 minutes after the first entree. Servers are friendly, but this place has a long way to go.
18 dollars for 4 meatballs is not a great deal! The food is ok. But I think this place is over priced. Ambience is not that great either.
Long wait for horrible food and surly-incompetent employees make this place a no go.
Une bonne ambiance, un staff tr\u00e8s nice, du bon caf\u00e9 et en plus c'est v\u00e9lo-friendly ! Que demander de plus ?
Customer service was good.
Outstanding food and great service plus breakfast anytime of the day .  I did the make your own meal and it was cooked to perfection and with very fresh ingredients  ... I'll have to try the raw juices and smoothies next time. If you are trying to eat clean and not sacrifice taste check them out for sure
Slow bar service. It's slow and staff is not attentive. We love that the patio is open though. The breeze and weather are perfect.  Our server for dinner was excellent.
This is a nice little place with lots of interesting gelato flavors.  I tried about six of them and decided on the pomegranate, which was delicious.  I highly recommend trying this place out if you like gelato.
Best Italian Food in Surprise.
Love this store, it is hit or miss\nCause you never know what you might find but deff worth popping in to see what they have. As a new homeowner I have almost fully decorated my home from\nHere for a fraction of normal retail prices.
Good selection. Terrible hours on the weekend which is the only time I shop. Good for them bad for me. Sticking with SAMs next time.
My friend and I BOTH got sick on the sushi - they claim is fresh but they switch the expiration stickers on the packages.  Stay away.  We only ate there because we needed something gluten free.  The overpriced sushi had BAD AVOCADO and served to customers.
Food was great, but based on the ambiance of an Outback Steakhouse was very overpriced.  This is not a great spot for a special occasion or any sort of romance.  Our server was unhelpful and didn't ever smile.  The restaurant was empty on a Thursday night.
I love the foods... specially the spaghetti and chicken joy...\n\nDont forget the apple pie and halo-halo...
Matt and Tony just saved the day....AGAIN! I can not thank Matt, Tony and the crew enough for always getting me back on the road. Dead batteries today and they had them in stock. Excellent batteries at an affordable price with an awesome warranty. Thanks guys!
This KFC is slow and NEVER has anything ready.  I twice went there to get the grilled chicken.  After waiting on line for 20 minutes, I was told they didn't have anymore.  You would think on a Friday night they would have planned better and cooked some up when it got low.
Great service and great food.  The Owner really wants to make sure your happy worth your meal. My husband said the waitresses are hot!!  Lol!!  Great little Cafe for breakfast or lunch!!
Great food, much better than breakfast club.
Served very quick. Had bacon and sausage omelet with hash browns. Delicious. Would come back if I visit Phoenix again.
Great atmosphere. Fair food. Nothing like Miami location.
Great, casual place to grab a nice lunch at the Scottsdale Quarter.  The atmosphere is nice and comfortable, service is good and the chicken panini with a side salad was quite tasty as well!
Keep up all the good work at the Humane Society.
I think the employees at this location are fairly friendly for the most part. Though I love most of their selection I do think some of their items are high priced. I would love to buy more supplements or vitamins but I simply can't afford it. I think their free range meat options are lacking.
Easily the slowest and dirtiest McDonalds I've been to. My Big breakfast order literally took 17 mins this morning when I asked to talk with the manager, he said it happens and tried to offer me a apple pie. The tables are all filthy. This is the norm for this location.
The staff was super nice as was the owner. She was very involved in her business which is really cool. The food was awesome and they had awesome craft beers on special! Definitely will return next time I'm in charlotte.
Excellent customer service!!! The staff take care of you well making sure you get the meat you love and care you deserve.  Get up and they'll refold napkin. They do it all. The garlic steak is awesome. Save room for dessert because they have some great choices. I will definitely be back.
This pizza is amazing!!!!!
Be careful when picking up your meds, they gave us dog medication that belonged to another family for one of our cats.
Chose this restaurant because of its proximity to The Butterfly Wonderland.  What a pleasant surprise. Sunday morning, about ten o'clock, half hour wait for six was definitely worth it. The food superb, the orange juice outrageous, the service was fast and friendly. Thank you Butters for what may be the best breakfast we ever had.
My spicy tangerine beef was raw.  I can feel myself getting sick.
Motel 6 is right next door... GO THERE! save money! Hooters is crap. Service is crap! the rooms look dirty and its so ugly. It's the same as the Motel 6. So why pay more?!
Paid $49 plus $10 tip. Dude was nice but it stinks when I leave from an hour long massage and the pain in my shoulders in STILL there.
I love their meatballs.  I often get 2-3 for lunch.  Chicken Parm is very good.  Homemade cookies are excellent.  Very casual place and prices are very reasonable.  $5 for half a hero and side salad.
Love this place. Great ambiance and food. Wish I could go weekly.
Always fast, always get exactly what I order, no need to go anywhere else.
Friendly staff, fast service, attentive servers and fun atmosphere. \nEasy access to parking deck. I'll go back again!
While not the fanciest place, it seemed clean and the people were friendly.\nThe service was good and the prices inexpensive.  I liked the place! The food was tasty and they had alot of good diner food that you can get 24/7.
Waffles are delicious, and the coffee is good too. Plain Waffles are a bit sweet but delicious without syrup or anything else.
Come for the view, not the food. \n\nI mean, the food is not terrible. It is just not $100 a person. The decor can use some updating, it is terrible. \n\nThe service is good. \n\nIt is a nice one time stop.
Casino floor smells like Old Spice, 'nuff said. Have not experienced the rooms.
This location has NOT closed!  I was just there last night...
Every time I go here it is always super crowded and there is never enough staff. Be sure to check your dates on everything you buy.  The last several times I shopped here the food was expired and several things were clearly rotten. Found a tray of cheese with mold om it. Would not go here ever again.
Terrible service terrible food so to sum up terrible!!
Really good food and the price was reasonable, especially for downtown. Had the open-faced turkey, and it was great. Will definitely return.\nUpdate: Went back and it was not nearly as good. Plus the oven-faced turkey was off the menu.
We ate breakfast here and aside from the slow people serving you and clearing the tables, it wasn't too bad.\n\nI had the pleasure of having a club breakfast, which included 2 eggs your choice, bacon, sausage or patty, and then toast.  The orange juice was pretty damn good too...
Yum, yum, yum. Beautiful, great variety, wonderfully served, friendly service. Best gyro ever!
The best Asaian store around. Love the selection. Awesome smoked herring for cheap. Everything is so much cheaper and better than any other Asian store I've been.
I like Chin's.  It's fresh-tasting with good, veggie-filled vegetarian options in a city where good Chinese food is hard to find.  It's also a pretty comfy place to meet friends for a cheap lunch or dinner.
Very good.  Great atmosphere for a date or special occasion.  The Pasta trio is always great.  On Sunday they offer family style for $25(Salad, Entree, Dessert).  \n\nGrilled Octopus, Lasagna, salads are very good.  Will be going back soon.
The laziest service employees you will ever encounter.. They will thwart you right from the start, give you all the kinds of excuses not related to your car's complaint and problem just to reject the job..
I love CLT!! My favorite airport to get stuck in. The people are nice, the food is greasy and somewhat southern, the wi-fi is free, and they have rocking chairs! What more could you ask for? Seriously.
This place hasn't changed a bit. Still awesome tea, great service and friendly faces. Although, the owners have changed, Te Cafe remains the same. \n\nSo good to be back and sipping on my favorite iced lavender lemonade.
Good service...not so good parking
Had a slice of pizza, soda, and garlic bun here for 9 dollars. Not the best food in Vegas but when your hungry it's great for the price and definitely a huge portion of food. Check it out when you need some quick but decent food!
The chopped salad was very good. My daughter had the chicken parm. Cooked perfectly, great sauce. Garlic knots went well with both. Sat on the patio. Waiter was awesome. Had our golden with us.  The waiter brought him a bowl of water. Didn't even have to ask. Will be back.
Authentic Greek food for a small amount of money! Excellent service and great food
This place is over priced and not very good. Why would you pay those prices for pretentious Mexican food? Filburto's is better tasting and better priced. The decor is nice, but I prefer good food.
Super pricey for a large format print job that was done at half the cost at another print shop around the corner.  Oh and apparently what takes another print shop less than 15 minutes to do, takes FedEx/Kinkos more than a day to do.  \n\nShipping is expensive too.
Yes, I know ,I am well aware of the fact that if this were politics I would be know as a flip flopper! \nWhat can I say after trying many Mexican joints,  I must say,  I am still a fan of Don Pedro. If it helps to know , this is not the only location I have been to.
Agonizingly slow service. Tepid, mediocre food. Salsa from a jar.
Terrible!! I just got take out from there and the pizzas barely had cheese and toppings and were super small. Same issues with the salads... It is really unfortunate as they used to put out a quality product. They seemed to have cheaped down everything while keeping the same prices...
There is a good variety of dishes and meats, and it is tasty but the quality of the meat is ok (but you really can't expect much more for the price).  It's a good alternative to your typical fast food fare, but nothing all too special.
I chose this place based on the great reviews on Yelp and my experience was exactly as expected. I brought my BMW 535 to them for a custom amp install and it looks and sounds great. Highly recommended.
Went looking for cleaning products but didn't buy any because it was junk. Stuff that falls apart and one time use items. Also the prices were no different then a grocery stores.  They do have quick pick up items that are not bad if you don't want the congestion of a large grocery store place.
I was always told they are SOOO good so when I was down there working in the area I took my lunch break there and it was  good but I still thought a little $ for what the quality of food was?? But seemed like a popular place the business people from the area go ?
Tried this place b/c groupon. Service was ok. Food was ok. If I had to pay full price I would have to give it 2 1/2 stars.
Pizza isn't SoO good as everyone say it is. Pizza took a long time, a bit too salty and it came out burnt =\\ I wouldn't go back to eat again. Nothing like the EAST Coast pizza.
Horrible!!  I don't know why I can't bring a baby, 1 yr old, to a restaurant with patio seating.  My recommendation is to find a better place.  I guess the economy has taken a better turn.
I have been in construction for many years and my body has suffered. I have received deep tissue and therapeutic massage, I instantly felt comfort and since have much better feeling in my legs and lower back. I highly recommend this company.
Regular 50's diner. The food is good and the service is usually good. Small place. Only neg is if your in a wheelchair- you're sitting outside.
For a restaurant that has a drive-thru, this place has a good burger.  The fries weren't that great and I actually thought the chocolate milk shake was just average.\n\nI would recommend this place for someone that wants a good burger and is wanting something more local and better than a chain burger joint.
Definitely one of my favorite yogurt stops. I love how the flavors are constantly changing! The stations are very clean and the staff is always helpful.
Not impressed.  Quality of chicken in the chicken sandwich was poor.  Sweet potato fries were decent though.  Food quality needs improvement overall.
Pool is in major need of renovation! Bugs everywhere in pool too. Very filthy.
Great sports bar in Scottsdale. They have a nice happy hour which is always a plus...
Not only was the service bad today more because of understaffed, but the chefs, which there were 3 were soo slow.  It took over an hour to get a California Roll and a cucumber roll.  Be prepared to spend 2 hours here minimum as most of the time will be waiting for your order.
The decor rocks!!  Recommend even non sports people to stop by just to look at the place.\n\nStore connects to the Silverton Casino which has some cool fish/jellyfish tanks.
A small place that delivers a large menu,\nUnless its summer you normally find one customer having the Beef soup here.  The soup will make you feel like you are in someone's house, just amazing and served in a very large bowel with rice and tortillas.
Been there with the love of my life! Marvelous food, perfect personal service. Good prices. Recommend to all!
I had an excellent meal at this restaurant. The bar and dining area are tastefully designed. The bartender who served me was friendly and quick. The tuna steak that I ordered was absolutely delicious and presented beautifully. In summary, Japonais offers a sophisticated dining experience that is very good value for money.
Food is always consistant and I usually have a great service from the actually server however noticed the manager screaming at an employee in front of everyone and then  the manager chose to stand and do nothing and I so wanted to say something to the manager for being a jerk.  Otherwise my cheesecake was fabulous as normal :)
fresh roasted coffee...WOW. awesome.  the woman at the front is always very friendly and helpful. I'm shocked this place isn't more crowded in the AM, and for lunch.  Her cinnamon bear claw is delicious!  This place makes me want to throw rocks at S-bucks :)
Great service and great food. Its not very heavy and the portions are just right...
I would subtract stars for this location. The downtown Mesa location is like another restaurant. It is almost false advertising to call this Pete's!  No messy fish sandwich?  Are you kidding me?  That's like no Big Mac at McDonald's!  Do us all a favor and close this joke of a restaurant!
Good prices and helpful staff. I have been using this store for most of my art supplies the last several years.
I give the overall restaurant a 3 not because of poor service but moreso because of their breakfast prices. Extremely high. But I give their pastries - especially their macaroons a 10!!! Their macaroons are to die for! I find that I have to talk myself out of buying them all and eating them immediately.
Terrible service. Even the management is rude. Told our grandmother and grandfather they weren't allowed to sit at a table because they weren't ordering food. That was the start of it. The bar is boring with nothing good about it the only reason we went was because of proximity to the hotel. How they stay in business no idea
This no longer exists it has been replaced by Omega Coney Island.
Great clinician - provides care according to the current best clinical evidence.  Many don't.  If you you a spine problem, Dr. Shane Sullivan is a great choice!
Had the Italian Sub VERY GOOD! The service was great very friendly and my sandwich came out quickly.  Would vista again!
OMG we just shared six and I couldn't pick a favorite, they are all fantastic! Do yourself a favor and try this place..
Love the Wonton Soup. So fresh and clean tasting. Shrimp dumpling and the bokchoy complement so well. The price would better but it's Venetian so it's expected. The XO shrimp laifun is amazing. Can not come to Vegas and not eat here at least once.
Great spot with great coffee. The staff is super friendly and helpful. I love their selection of baked goods too.  Looking forward to the new location next door because the bathrooms will new and updated!
Great pho, only criticism- the noodles are thin and break easier than most of the surrounding joints. Great, hearty broth, though. Egg rolls- so good! Bahn Mi- mmmmm! Prices are great, too!
Long overdue writing a review of my favorite local breakfast place!  Ingredients are fresh and menu is pretty diverse.  Big fan of the Lozoya sandwich for lunch and the Carmelized banana pancakes for breakfast!  \n\nGood to see them getting recognition from Phoenix Mag and the Food Network
Overcharged and when spoke with manager was told sorry but no refund for overcharge the manager continues to. Argue with us
A LOT OF FOOD!!! If you are starving and want a lot of food worth your buck, come to this place. Anything you order will be a giant serving! Prepare for a wait though. This place is very popular.
I have used AHR Mechanical for 5 years and while the maintenance service has been good when a leak happened in one of my A/C units I had to wait 5 days for it to be repaired.  The cost for the 1 hour repair was $1165.00.  Definitely overpriced for the work involved.
BIG fan!! A friend of mine and I were walking by and thought we'd drop in and I must say I'm so glad we did! The place is charming, the staff was wonderful, a very tasty treat and I will be back! I can't wait to try other flavor combos =)
I had the strawberry pudding boba tea. It was pretty good. Not too sweet. I wanna go back and try more flavors.
The food, the service and atmosphere were perfect in every way. I would definitely recommend the veal to anyone. This place is truly the gem of the north side. It was like being in Italy again. Grazie Bellitalia! :-)
Just a mediocre wash...that takes a long time...you just want to grab the rag and do it your self...
Lovely evening out...\nA good little Spanish place...\nIs a nice, fresh meal
Love it here. Classic Filipino cuisine. ok service average decor. Good star rating for its quality of food.
The store is clean, the staff is friendly, and the deals are good BUT the criminal activity here has increased so much over the last couple years that they hired security and are no longer open 24 hours! We now drive the Smith's that is several miles to a safer location.
Good was really disappointing.  Probably the worst shrimp po boy I have ever has.   This should be a staple for this chef.  Service was very good.  Won't be back for sure
The absolute worst Starbucks!  The girls behind the counter are clueless and don't care about the customers at all.  The blond girl today was a total ditz.  If you are desperate for a coffee go across the parking lot.  Don't wait for this place.
The food is big and is good.. The service is ok.. Just don't ask to put chocolate chips in your pancakes because they get upset.. Like is a big deal. Other than that is ok..
Very good food! Had the butter chicken and garlic Naan...will be coming  back here for sure!
This is some very good Mexican.  Maybe my favorite in the Phoenix area.  I think the slow cooked pork is the deal.
Great Service!!! Eric, the owner, is a real stand up guy. He took time to go over my issues and resolved the problem while I waited. American 5 Star is the new go to for all my diesel truck needs! A million thanks!!!
I lived  in Deutschland for 3 yrs so I was excited to go here. I was sadly disappointed in the bakery. The pretzels were unlike anything I ever had when I lived there. They didn't carry Kirsch liquor. :(
Best morning burrito on this side of town.\n\nLove getting the burrito with some chips and salsa. \n\nLarge horchata please!! Yumm yumm always go here late night. Open 24hr
Fantastic cut by Cole! He was meticulous and really listened to what I wanted done as well as adding his own professional and stylish touches to make my hair look great. I appreciate the time he took to really give me the cut I wanted. He was also very friendly and easy to talk to. Great experience, I will definitely be back!
I'm in from out of town, my friend who is local and had gone once before didn't have the greatest opinion. It took 45 minutes for our food to come out and I asked for a sprite later and it took 15 minutes for me to get that.  Service is bad, food was ok.
Service is above and beyond awesome!  Makes a great start to my day and the products are fantastic!  I can't say enough about it!
Am I in an airport? This is a really good burger for being an airport joint. Pricey, but better than any other airport food I've had.
They have terrible customer service and treat the customer with a great amount of disrespect if you are going to las vegas stay somewhere else
Great date night!
Way over rated. The beef was salty. The chili cheese fries are 90% fries 5% cheese & 5% chili.  I think for what these cost the chili should be more generous portions. \nWon't go back. Been to another location in Buena Park & it was a bit better.
Good Bar food.  Nice staff.  Fun place to watch a game and have a beer.  Matt (owner) SUPER !
Just ordered 5 pies for Thanksgiving. TERRIBLE!!! Crusts were so thick and raw. Pecan pie filling was so chewy it had to be thrown away! They have lost a lifelong customer! Mary Hedges
They like to nickel and dime you with everything. You bring your cat/dog in for a check up and later you get a call for something else that is wrong with them or they need some sort of medication. Also they only have women as vets which is kind of strange
Tiffany was excellent! my review is soo super late but she really took care of my nails! She did the crystals on them and everything I was so thrilled and felt totally VIP when she took care of me immediately. I have never felt so un-rushed or pushed into anything in my life! Ask for Tiffany She is AMAZING!!
Great place on Tuesday for cheap tacos and beers.  The outdoor patio is awesome when the weather is nice.
The best thai food in town. Fresh, quality ingredients. Food takes a little time but is well worth the wait.
Worst customer service I've experienced in a long time. Not until I check out was the associate nice, friendly and helpful. Even offered to order the item I was looking for. Unfortunately, it was too late for nice. I told her I'd just order it online from Borders.
Probably my favorite pub we went to on the pub crawl--fun, tv's, nice layout, lots of people, what more can you ask for? maybe cleaner and cheaper drinks--we were on a pub crawl anyway!
I went there for dinner last night with my girlfriend. Our waitress was friendly; the burgers were good but nothing special. It was a pretty good experience but I don't think I'll be back any time soon.
Steve Wynn imported the best  chefs to staff his various restaurants in the Wynn Hotel. Have not tried them all, but the dim sum and pad thai at Red 8 are memorable and worth many visits.
Awesome place to get fresh, great-tasting, all-you-can eat sushi in North Las Vegas. The service is great and the guys behind the sushi bar are superb at their trade. The rolls are delicious and the sushi is always fresh. I would recommend this place to anyone wanting a casual sushi lunch experience with friends.
The food was great - we ordered WAY too much of it, but we couldn't resist the garlic knots or the fries with gravy.  The waitress was awesome.  If I lived in Vegas, I would definitely go back.
there's only one reason i come to Chili's and it's their to die for  Southwestern eggrolls.  delish!
Great service, delicious food.
Turkey burger was pretty tasty with pepper jack and jalapenos, but chicken tenders had no flavor, neither salt and vinegar nor buffalo variety.  Biggest disappointment was pickled vegetable sampler which needed more curing time.  Pickle flavored chips were good if cut a bit too thick.
Came here on Father's Day expecting a wide selection of desserts. Maybe cause we got here late (around 7:30pm), there wasn't much of a selection. I was a little bit disappointed. Hopefully there will be more to choose from next time.
I love the Olive Garden no matter what state I travel to.  I have found their food to be very good and very affordable.  The breadsticks and salad are always my favorite part, I have to try to stop before my meal comes or I am not hungry and just have to take it home.
Food is okay, but service was one of the worst I've ever seen.  Perhaps the waiter didn't like us because we only ordered appetizers and beer?  But I would not expect this kind of attitude at this kind of restaurant.
The food is good and the drinks are even better. Orlando suggested the Margaritas and after a round or so he suggested the Spicy Lover which has the perfect amount of heat added. We went back the next night for that drink! \nNext time we are in town, we are coming back.
We were headed here last night to check it out for an upcoming event, until we got the call. . . you know, the one that says \"actually, you might not want to bother, because we're going to be closing way before your event.\"\nWah wah.
This is the best Dunkin' Donuts I've ever been in town... Everybody who works in the morning is really cool, and always has the best customer service! I'll come back every day just because of them
Horrible experience that is going to cost me a lot of money, dr Pham broke my tooth trying to remove a crown , so now i have no option, but to get an implant .Stat away from that dr
at a coworkers recommendation, stopped in for lunch an will say not the worst, but was clean, very empty, no other customers.\n\nwill not return
This place is overpriced and lacking in quality and flavor. Certainly great if in a bind if you are very hungry at 3 am after hanging in the village, but otherwise not worth it. The decor is unauthentic and really it just looks like it's been slapped together.
Never again.. such a rip off!! $4.59 for a small orange juice? Are you kidding? I thought it was $2.59..even that to me was expensive..
This place is horrible.  Old, expensive, dumb. Rip off!
Not great for vegetarians, and definitely no vegan options. The mac cheese is more cheese than anything else
Food is very good, not outstanding.\nGood\nCheap\nChinese
Suprised to find an egg sandwich on the menu. And it didn't disappoint. Had been craving one of late and this hit the spot. This place is a little out of the way for me but I'll be back.  They have a huge selection of wines and the burgers looked amazing.
This place gave me the worst food poisoning of my like.  I was served undercooked pork.  Not only did the food make me sick but it didnt taste great either.  I would not go here again.   Very overpriced for the experience.
Definitely a unique experience. Where else can you see a show in an old church? Had a great time here.
The room itself seemed super clean. It was really nice to have a full kitchen. It is however, in a less than spectacular part of town. I will not ever stay here again because there was a roach in my room. Gross.
good local chocolatier. Why are all the 5 star reviews \"filtered\" below? beats me...
It's an upper scale Applebees decent across the board. Been to the town square and red rock locations, both decent. It's not a bad choice, but not the best...
Don't slip on the floor!!  The steam from all the food makes the floor soaking wet.  Pretty gross if you ask me.  For some reason i just felt that the place was dirty.  The food was average and you could tell it had been sitting there for a while.  Save your money and go get something good down the road.
Guess I'm the only one who noticed $3 drip coffee (from a thermos)......a bit too pricey.
Two words:  Molcajete Caliente\n\nEnough said.
One of my new favorites in Pittsburgh.  Great cocktail menu.  Friendly service.  The menu is always exciting and full of fresh options.  A little spendy but worth it.
Contemporary atmosphere.  Good range of Italian offerings.  Attentive wait staff.  Portions generous.  Price reasonable.  Food fine.  \nI'd go again.
Great ace for a great time and great food
I just don't get it. Everybody raves about this place including my friend who brought me. I just didn't think anything was that good. I will give chino bandido another chance eventually, hopefully I have a better experience next time.
A giant sportsbook that played the Lakers on like 2 tiny screens. D: \n\nLots of shit talkers chillin here that got their asses shut up after the Lakers won.
Great food!!!! garlic knots are great!
Wings are overpriced. And the quality of them are bad. They were tough and greasy. The staff are pleasant but then over all experience was too expensive for a sports bar.
Best pizza we've had in a long time! We ordered a small pizza with meatballs, and the amount of food was perfect for the two of us. Cheesecake is a must if you have room for dessert :)
This place is a HUGE waste of space in the basement of the Luxor. All the warm food was cold and the cold food warm. Save your appetite and your money for something better.
Pita's hot and fresh. Food was a bit salty but the Sangria fixed it.. Btw sangria = STRONG! Great service and great place to eat. Can't wait to come back for seconds and Maybe try their hookah too.. :)
Order the nachos. Five bucks
My girlfriend lives just a few blocks away from this place.  We eat here maybe 3-5 times a month.  Always great service and the food is a top notch.  If you've been to Zipps, well it's the same thing because Goldie's was the first!  You won't be disappointed.
Ugh.  Food that is not nearly as good as Taco Bell is priced like it's four diamond fare.  And to go with it, enjoy the weakest drinks on the strip.  The only reason this place gets 2 stars instead of one is that the service was good.
This place has the worst service. I'm watching girls beg for the bartenders attention. We have been here 30 minutes with no drinks. The waitress refuses to even acknowledge we are sitting in her section. The manager needs to make some changes. A lot people at the bar and tables with no drinks!  Horrible service.
DLUX has great burgers and even better fries. I've been here a number of times and I have never had a bad time or meal. The same goes for the drinks - their specialty cocktails are always mixed perfectly.
The best of the best! Highly recommend, they did a great job and I would definitely use them again.Thank you Total Home Solutions!
Slow service and cold food even ran out of sweat potato fries and never got replacement order. Manager went out of her way to apologize but by then we were very very disappointed. Service was very slow even though it didn't seem to busy.
Best antique store in Vegas by far. We spent literally like 5 hours and enjoyed everything we bought. Plus the first of the year sale is a must go!
Love it. Been here probably 30-40 times. Always a blast. Drunk or sober, w a small group or a large group. The water is pretty dirty like they say so if you are afraid to get a little dirty don't go.
Seated right away, our meals came right away. They had amazing food, the green chile benidect was perfect! Corn beef hash was different looking, but still really good. Only problem was they were a little understaffed for waiters which made refills and the check a little delayed.
Have you tried their  banana coconut cream pie???? Get your butt over there and get it. There was even a layer of chocolate in there !! That is insane ....it was insane and only $6. Go get it right now.
I warn you: Wednesday is Country Night. If you don't like Country, make sure a friend doesn't drag you here Wednesday. \n\nDon't say I didn't warn you.\n\nGood sized bar menu, I didn't mind the place.
Excellent coffee drinks. They also roast a variety of their own beans so when you buy those by the pound it makes for great coffee at home.  We are hooked!
Great place to drink and socialize.  Tons of regulars who will soon become your friends.  Bartenders are just as nice!  Very neighborhood bar.  Great jukebox or live music many nights, good prices, great patio, and even board games!  Welcome to Paradise!
I love this restaurant and the food is great.  But the SERVICE is terrible.  You guys are a busy place hire more employees.   It's terrible you get your appetizers before your drinks. After our meal all of our dirty plates are still on the table.  Bad bad bad
Starbucks carries a great reputation. LOVE STARBUCKS!
Always the best time, the best waiters, the best food and music! So much fun try to get there after 8:30pm is my only suggestion!
HORRIBLE! The servers weren't interested, the food was just ok and the place was trashed. It was disgusting actually. We will never go there again.
Horrible service !!!! Super slow and they never refill any water/hot tea without me asking. They don't offer half rolls. The two waitress are really rude and they kept reminding me that they charge for rice.... Omg I get it !
great fresh food on fast food prices
Family owned great Mexican food  !
Great Italian beers great food. I love the oil dip they give you with your bread it is amazing. The staff is always nice and i always fill up real nice here. Great place to have the family all catch up at and relax and i really like the fact you can see the cooks making your food.
This place's food is lazy and boring. You get a choice of rice OR beans....how cheap can one get?\n\nThe tortilla was cold....COLD. Hello? ever been to Mexico?
3.5 stars for hainan chicken w rice.  1 star for the curry beef brisket w rice.
Very friendly service and a great dining experience.   Wr sat outside which was very nice.   The pizza was probably a 3 or 4 star but the service and atmosphere makes up the difference.  And a plus,  they serve Coke products.  And there are not too mancy choices in Verado.
They are amazing! Fast and creative.. by far the best service I've gotten since moving to Vegas in 2004.
Best Gelato I have ever had so far. Customer service is great. They have the best smoothies also. Not over priced. If you get one scoop they give you a big scoop!!! Have to try this place.
So freaking good. Secret menu! Everything is made to order. I wish this amazing fast food restaurant existed back east.
Delicious Chicago Vienna Beef juicy hot dog with the works, and made from scratch french fries for $4. Best deal in town. Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
Dr Robert Spence is gentle, caring and very knowledgeable. He has all the good qualities I can imagine for a dentist.
My favorite boba place! The only thing I don't like is that you can only use your debit card on an amount of $5+.\n\nSpot me on the photo wall, y'all.
I have been a customer for many years. Great family Italian restaurant.wonderful salads,pasta and the calzone!!!!! Wonderful atmosphere. Casual dress, give it a try and say hi to Vinnie,chef and owner
If you are a Sashimi Lover...this is the Place for you! The service can get a bit backed up because they are ALWAYS busy so don't come in if you are in a rush. Get here early especially on the weekends! Fresh fish is what keeps us coming back!
Only thing I eat here is Ox tail soup with extra cilantro.  Service was a little bad.  It felt as they were rushing us out.  We had a big group and they were busy, but they brought us the check right after the last plate was served. Didn't even wait or ask if we wanted desert.
Love this place! The gyros are delicious along with the honey fried bread AND chicken Caesar pita! Definitely happy to have this in my neighborhood!
$10 admission? You're kidding me, right? We opted to not bother after a quick look around and then being informed there was an admission fee. This should be free, I was bummed.
Julianne has been teaching piano to our twelve-year-old daughter for six years now.  Our daughter loves her lessons, looking forward to them each week.  Julianne is professional, engaging, and wonderfully friendly.  We would highly recommend her.
They redeemed them selves with the pedicure. I'm thinking the nail tech that did my gel manicure was just faulty :/ Their pedicures are good and the polish lasted a long time.
Good place to buy sell or trade baby stuff. They dont buy on weekends though, which is a bit of a pain because that is when its most convenient to lug everything down there. Most things are in great condition.
The kalamata olive toast was a tasty treat with my sunny side up eggs. \n\nCappuccino was a little bitter and they went a little crazy on the milk foam. Still nice that they offer proper espresso coffee at this breakfast place.
Fantastic catfish! I got the 2 fish 2 shrimp special grilled with fries! It was a lot of food but it was so tasty I couldn't stop eating it!! Staff was friendly. When I went it was completely empty in the restaurant! But amazing food!! I will definitely be going back!(:
Similar to Chipotle but much better. The place is very busy but its worth the wait.  I had the pork salad and a beef taco, they were both very tasty and fresh.  The place is clean and the service is very friendly.
Dirty store.  Lazy employees.  Never seem to have the fast check line open. When I asked why the employee said I don't know. This is the worst run store I have ever been in. Go up the road to the Denver Walmart. It's a totally different planet.
The place was ok. The burger ok. The fries ok. Not more, not less. \nA bit disappointed, but if you are downtown and need to eat in a fast and \"not really healthy\" place, I would suggest O'Burger.
I am taking  geology classes.  Had to check this out and was very pleasantly surprised as it really gave me perspective and I found myself more knowledgeable after relating  to the different minerals.  PS a diamond is a mineral not a rock, who knew. The prices are very reasonable and the place interesting and educational.  I recommend it.
All locations have the WORSE customer service. They never greet or ask if you need any help. When asking then for help they are not friendly or approachable about it. \nNo refund, store credit only and then it's a hassle for the store credit to work
The only complaint I can think of to lodge against Epicerie Fleur is that every single time I have stopped in here, they seem to be playing the same set of songs on loop. As advice to the owner, change up your playlist a bit!
The best Sonoran hotdogs in Phoenix.  It's a great hot stand. Great comfort or hang over food!
great sushi, great alternative if you do not want to do AYCE
fish and chips ........ plain jane prob the best place to drink  in the little shopping center of lake las vegas but def not worth it .. in fact skip lake las vegas all together .
The dinette is cute.  50's flair. Long lines so it seems like a popular airport eatery. I had the BLTA and fries.  Cleaned my plate!!
Mix Serenity, Star Wars Return of the Jedi, Titan A.E., & Pink Martini and you have Cirque Du Soliel's KA. A fun show. Not as many of the jaw dropping how did they did that Cirque moments, but overall very satisfying. Loved the story as well.
As another writer mentioned, we too stopped by this morning to find that this location no longer exists, probably as it has become the new Panera being opened at AZ Ave and Ocotillo, which looks to be soon. Just a surprise to one not tuned in!
Burgers are nice and juicy...Fries are nice and crispy...Mexican corn needed more condiments but was good...overall GREAT experience!
We bowl here weekly for a league. Best bowling alley in town.
Good custard.  They can make about anything.  Service is fast although it's a popular place so there is usually a line.
Great family owned business and amazing food. I enjoy the meals and complimentary soup.
Went again for a massage last week. My front desk experience was better. Not leaps and bounds, 5-star better, but an improvement. I want to give credit when and where it is due, so I'm updating and adding a star. Also, the massage was out of this world!
Great food!! Try the turkey and Brie sandwich and the potato cream cheese soup. Amazing!!
Excellent place to watch any game. We were actually watching 2 World Cup games at once. Really good food (I liked the chicken torta and lobster tacos). The bucket of beer is really cold and cheap. Service was good, fast, and friendly.
My friends and I shared the nachos. Within 25 minutes all 3 of us became nauseous and vomitted. However, we had sandwiches earlier that week from there and they were fine. I will never go back - you could say my second experience left a bad taste in my mouth.
Just ok at best. Went there before a suns game. Place is small and not very cute. The pizza was ok but I had better. Won't be back
Great kungpao vegs!
Love their subs! Toasted bread and steamed meat.... Brilliant!\n\nI usually get the Club on a Sub. I seriously packs a punch. So delicious!
I really think this is the BEST BREAKFAST I have ever had!  The 3 times I have eaten here it has been an hour and a half wait!  Other than that I would give it 5 stars...Food is great, staff is friendly
There is no more Chicken Taco Salad lunch special.  I used to order that 2-3 times per week. I'm upset that my favorite lunch restaurant has changed :(.  I was informed it was the same owners but the food and service are not where near as good as they used to be.
This plac is amazing.  We went during restaurant week and had a wonderful three course dinner.  I have celiac disease and they were very accomodating.  Their dinner rolls are gluten free and so delicious.  They sent me home with four rolls.
Great ambiance!!!!   Food was very good and reasonably priced.  I would definitely go back.
BARF!  The duck was overcooked, the rice was undercooked, and the gelato was frozen solid.  Spend a few bucks more and head over the to the Wynn Buffet.  You work hard for your money.  Treat yourself to something palatable!
Great place for business lunch or dinner.  Favorite was the swordfish topped with crush almonds and sliced red grapes (served with rapini and black tiger rice). Best patio in the downtown core.
yum, YUM, YUM!!!!!!!!! No other was to describe it!!! I swear I have dreams about their tacos at night lol! Most def worth the money!
Excellent food, delicious appetizers, amazing service, and a wonderful date atmosphere! Try the Korean BBQ Chicken Stir-fry!
Only place in downtown Madison to get a Spanish latte that is in par with Think's latte in NYC.  \n\nWednesday is $2.25 latte day so keep that in mind for Concerts on the Square nights.
Great patio seating. French toast to die for.
The food was excellent and our server was awesome, especially since there were 8 of us!
A little smokey for my taste but over all the lodge is a good local option. The food is always good. I love the Colorado chicken wrap. I also love the huge beers and strong drinks. The staff is really nice an most are pretty easy on the eyes.
Really Great cocktails though can be a bit pricy. I always feel that the bar is quite small and dark, which is such a shame. Service at busy times is a bit slow too.
great ice cream and service.  Love the vibe and personal service.   the manager let me try one of the new scotch infused chocolates, pretty awesome.  support your local business!
This place is for the adventurous folk. It is not very clean and the service fluctuate from average to poor. They served a very generous portion but I rather that it be taste good than big. The hot & sour soup tasted like it is been simmering on a hot plate for a while and the soup is watery.
Great mex dish and drink. Wow, the margarita was so sneaky it hit me hours later. \n\nFood was really awesome. Made right and fresh. \n\nService was fast and attentive. With backyard seating this place is perfect place to chill after long day over nice meal and drinks.
Great food!  Great service!
I recommend this place for lunch time, when the prices are cheaper. I have been going here for the last 2 years. Service is pretty nice. Only issue that i have is that dinner might be a little pricey, but the food is still great.
I came here wanting to like it. Food and drinks slow to arrive food cold plate hot. Fail
Love the cleanliness and friendly staff!  They also listen to what services you truly want verses what you didn't ask for.
Very average. Good service, friendly staff. Remind me of Mexican places from the 80s that didn't have particularly good flavor, so they just overwhelm you with stuff (guac, sour cream, pico, etc.)
Best Pizza Hands Down in AZ!
Really like what's happening here.  Improved service .. Food is well above average .. Honestly, the beer is just okay.  Not much character to it ... But Saddle Mountain is a good place to be.
Bait and switch.  They'll let your children participate in creating a craft and then charge you to keep it.
I always sit at bar and bartenders are very attentive and helpful. Food is usually good, minor issues at times but nothing terrible.
kind of random but i think the people i was with made it fun !!
very good food  :) friendly, casual and always welcomed with a smile. will be back!
Gute Atmosph\u00e4re \nGutes Bier .\nEssen eher Durchschnittlich \nViel zu lange Wartezeiten ..
I would just hope that my room and blankets would be cleaned BEFORE I check into our room. So disappointed to take the purple blanket off the bed to find \"leftovers\" from the last couple stay!
Stay away... This place charges more than retail.  Nike Free 5.0+ for $99 but Nike.com has the exact shoe for $79.  I will wait and have them shipped.
Found this place through Google offers and so happy we did. Maybe the best tasting pizza in Phoenix. They have buy 1 get 1 free on Tuesdays so you get 2 amazing pizzas for about $13. Don't miss this place.
Love this place. I'm addicted. Dry rub wings are so good and the service is excellent every time I've come in here for lunch.
I was here November 2011.  What an authentic french experience! The waiter even greeted me in french. The food was magnifique! You got to try la cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e here.  C'est l'endroit mes amis.
Easy Peesy!  Since they expanded a bit, getting through Security was fast and painless.  We found time to hit the nickel slots, shop at the Brighton store and munch on \"bad\" (but GOOD) food.  All in all, one of the better airports I've been to.
Super restaurant avec des mets raffin\u00e9s, ainsi que des menus toujours tr\u00e8s recherch\u00e9! Restaurant calme et parfait pour d\u00eener romantique!
I love Noodles but this location is going downhill fast. They undercook/ overlook my chicken every time. They are also getting good at under boiling noodles!
We really wanted to like this little locally-owned place. The people were friendly & fast. The menu had good options & was easy to navigate. The food, however, was less than impressive.
The pizza here is delicious. Total New York style not a lot of crust and you are able to add different kinds of toppings. Lots of other varieties of entrees  as well
The burger patty looked like the ones in my school cafeteria. I was pretty annoyed to get home to such a disappointing burger. At least the bun was soft, but very very greasy.
I have stayed here several times and it is getting run down fast. Filthy rooms, poor service, etc. Reserved a king, got a double, paid full price and rooms went on sale for half of the next day. \n\nDo yourself a favor and stay at the Bellagio.
Laid back good food cool waitress Cheap I'd go back was here 12/8/11
I had their sonoma salad with grilled chicken. It took forever for the food to come out. I was hoping that it was going to be an awesome salad, but it was average. Fired Pie in the same complex makes an awesome salad!
Great grilled chicken burrito which believe it or not coming to California, too hard to find here in Arizona. Very nice service, clean place only thing I was looking for chips but 5 stars
I can't recall checking in here, it's still a bit of a blur, I had a great time that night though and Strat was a part of that night...  So Kudos to the tall hotel....
Best pizza I have ever had.  Friendly service and clean atmosphere.  A must eat pizza.
Came here on Tuesday November 11. I had the carnitas burrito which wasn't that good it needed more flavor, the cheese out did the taste of the meat. Also some of the fountain drinks were out of service.
My boyfriend had bought me a beautiful set of flowers from here, however the next day some of them were already dying :( I called the store to let them know and with no hesitation the owner had me bring them in to get refreshed :)
Another store said they had a part available that i needed. Went in and their system said they have two. The rep walked to the back and less than a minute later he came back and said check with another store. He didnt even suggest another location or look further into it. This location is filthy clean the place.
Very good food. Had the Iskender Doner which was really good but the best dish I had was accident. My wife ordered a vegetarian dish that they did not have enough of so they added some Pirasa with it. Wow. Amazing stuff.
Excellent service. Clean and prompt. Respected yelp discount. Left the house tidy and explained any problem areas. Asked for follow up call in 2 weeks Good or bad.
First arrived and the family a little bored. The staff was nice but the displays need to improve. Great building. Luckily the simulation our family signed up for saved the day. We had a great time with the simulation crew. End if day it all worked out great and family happy.
Good place to come for Lamb skewered rare, A bit on the pricey side.\nAll in all seasoning on Lamb could be better, to make it 5 star worthy.
Everything tastes over processed. Very disappointed with the orange chicken and walnut shrimp. Will not be going back.
Really good cheap ass food.  Crazy loud bar next door, but got a huge dinner with drink, tac and tip for 8.50. Definitely better than any \"Mexican food\" in Oregon.
Love the bagels and smear! Don't order a sandwich to go though bc it'll take forever. Customer service is still on par though!
excellent but expensive pizza.  impersonal cavernous sports bar atmosphere.  bar service was lazy.
Friendly service and great Belgian waffles , must visit especially if you are  Vegan.
I've been to many, many sushi places, and this is the best one. Great service and perfectly fresh sashimi. I love it and we go often. It's a family run place, and they take great pride in their work. It really is as good as it gets.
Like this place alot, but I think the menu needs to expand and the wines a bit pricey. \nAlso the bacon smores were pretty nasty...
Brandon, I do live in Southern California but called for mortgage in Arizona. I either spoke to you or one of your employees. Unfortunately, my description of the account is accurate and I will. It take down this post. I'm also fairly confident it was you I spoke with
This business is no longer at this address if it still exists.  Storefront is bare, but you can see where the name used to be :(
...for selling broccoli at a good price I gave them a chance.\n...for selling celery that was already rotting I won't do so again.
I love mini cupcakes and cupcakes in generally, so of course I felt the need to try Gigi's. I wasn't impressed. They were cold and not flavorful. I was expecting deliciously super moist little cupcakes...not so much.
This store is amazing.  I have never seen more customer-friendly staff in any establishment.  I'm in this store at least once or twice a week, and each time I am delighted at the staff.  Hats off to the Staff!
Their breakfast burrito (bacon, eggs & cheese) must have something illegal in it because it is out of this world amazing! yum yum yummm!
This airport has ridiculously long lines.  Overpriced food at airports is a given, but the sandwiches & wraps at Ciao were borderline edible.  And, over an hour delay for our flight due to construction on the runway.\n\nYes there are cute rocking chairs but they are usually occupied.
I eat here every time I'm in Vegas, it's been great every time. My favorite is the Jerk Chicken.  Prices are really reasonable.
Food is amazing, I always get take out, and they always comp me an item or throw in a drink for free. I love their Pad Thai, I drive 20 minutes to pick it up and it's worth every penny. Not a lot of parking available, not a lot of seating either.
First time here, and ordered my meal to go.  The young lady that took my order was super friendly! I give an extra star for great customer service. The food has that diner comfort feel.
I drove over 4 hours to experience this place....n it was beyond worth it! I'm not a fan of cole slaw cuz of the mayo but the vinegar based slaw on the sandwich was mighty tasty.
First and last time here. French fries were disgusting overly salty soggy. Hamburger was a mess as well. Ugh so wanted to like it here.
This place serves the worst ribs I have ever had in my life.  I complained twice to the waitress about how bad the ribs were, but she didn't do anything about it.  DO NOT EAT HERE.
Delicious food exceptional food especially on a cold day or for that matter any day for spicy miso soup so good  The price is right would recommend this to all my friends
Food was great. Host staff was great. Server was too anxious to go home. Texting and side work was more important than serving our table. Overall was good though.
Stopped in for a beer.  Kinda scared away from the food by the other reviews.
Came in during happy hour so a lot of things are $1 off... We ordered the guacamole, shrimp coctel, and carne asada torta. Everything was really good and it was definitely more than enough food for two people. I can't wait to come back!
Great slice of classic Italian pie! Exactly what I was looking for. The traditional is thin and bends over, but they have square thick Sicilian as well. Traditional is the kind you have to fold a little for rigidity. Loved the pepperoni and sliced sausage.
I came here late night for a bite and some drinks. I was very impressed by the little joint especially the food. I had some appetizers and a beer it was awesome! Will definitely come back to try other items on the menu.
I have never posted a review but this hotel was exceptional.  The staff was friendly, and the rooms were beautifully decorated. Breakfast was included and delicious
Excellent ribs!  Very good for a chain resto.  Also get sweet potato fries instead of regular fries.
Went again last week and tried the pizza. I like the fact that they have a garlic olive oil base on some of their pizzas. They really load them up with cheese which is great, but it can make things a bit mushy.
This place was alright if it wasn't for the claustrophobic feeling I got. This place made me feel as though I was in a little cave due to the treatment on the already low ceilings and crowded areas. The outside was pretty impressive though. I think I prefer places with higher ceilings.
I love this Amex club. They should have one in every airport. The ambiance is amazing ... It's comfortable. The food is amazing and the service is top notch \n\nTo be honest, I enjoyed my 3 hours in the club so much that I was actually upset when I had to leave.
you can only gamble and drink for so long. take a break and come to the outlet and get your  shopping on. When  my girls and I went it was hardly anyone there. so you can enjoy strolling along, window shop, actual shop , great bargains on top of the line  stuff  too!and then go to your hotel and rest.
I can't think of any other place where you can buy a Dutch oven and a shotgun all in one place. No wait... I can... Canadian Tire. Except the guns are much better here;)
All around great!! \n\nI've picked up orders, eaten in, and delivery. All are fabulous! \n\nGreat prices, delicious food! Highly recommend to anyone. Clean environment as well as a kind and friend staff!!!!!
Sofra isn't awful but it isn't fantastic either. I got a sub-par breakfast but would like to try some of their lunch or dinner options before completely writing it off.
Great service by the youngsters that work there.  The food is fine...what else can I say? :-)
You would think that McDonald's on the Vegas strip would know what their customers want at 3AM in the morning. Unfortunately they do not. For some reason this McDonald's did not have a late night menu. They switch to a breakfast only menu way to early in the night!
Too lardish...not worth your time
Bad customer service. I went there to exchange something I had bought 1 hour before and if was such a hassle to get mh money back. \nThe guys are very expressive and did not find that professional.
After spending several minutes looking at the menu i was ready to order.  The first five things I pointed too was not available.  BOO.  Food is cheap and portions is decent.  But I won't be back.
This joint's got nothing to do with The Beatles or any sort of revolution for that matter.  \nBad music.  Tacky bartenders.\nStay away.\nOooh, but nicely designed matchbooks if that counts for anything.
My family and I have been attending this church for 3 years now. It is beautiful, the members are friendly and my oldest daughter who is 11 is taking her 1st Holy Communion class here. So blessed.
I crave their jalapeno fried rice. AMAZING!
Good day to walk around mile end after Christmas not warm and not cold.  Stopped in too get an expresso a double to be exact.  Olympic lives up to the hype interesting decor makes you feel like your in your home town in Italy.  Good expresso great atmosphere.
Horrible service! Will never come back here again. All my yelp friends beware. If your ever in vegas don't come here unless you want to leave hungry!!! Have to put 1star rating coz I have to!
I wasn't impressed and had to wait 90 minutes to find out. The menu is limited and the food is decent but not worth the wait if you are looking for BYOB.
Recently have came here twice with my girlfriend and the staff is very knowledgeable and helpfull. Took good care of us making sure we had everything we needed. The music is not bad either. Try their minty hookah flavors. Bomb!
They were out of craw fish an hour after opening!! Disappointed!!
The food was so-so but the service was very good.
Their sandwich scared me. It was way too overwhelming. i'm still contemplating if I ever want to go back....
This place has AWESOME kimchi Chigae, kalbi is ok but kinda overpriced. The service is hit or miss here. \n\nBut probably one of the best korean places on the east side.
Weekend hours are incorrect. They open at at 11am. \n\nThey have new menu items that are awesome. The shrimp and scallop pasta and the shrimp risotto are my favorite. All their pastas are fresh. Great atmosphere.
Bland and not memorable we had some sort is tower thing but I don't even remember anything else that's not a good sign
They renovated this Tim Hortons. It has a patio in the parking garage now. Aside from that, pretty much the same!
Went here with my girlfriend. We both agreed it was good not great. Food is about what you'd expect from a central Illinois Italian restaurant. The atmosphere is a bit dark and dated, but the staff was very friendly.
Hands down the worst sushi I have ever ate.\nThe rice was not cooked properly, the rolls were all open in the back and the final taste, at the end, well, was....terrible.
Better pizza than any chain.  Better pizza that you would get anyplace other than NYC or Jersey.  BUT, why go here when just up the street is Napoli?  Mineo's has the rep, Napoli has the better pie.
Never coming back here. $39.95 for a hand car wash. I've seen 5 cars that came after me come through, and a car get waxed still my car hasn't come out. Now I'm off to go find my car. This place sucks.
This place was a great choice. The pizza was amazing and piping hot. They have a really good beer and wine selection. We can't wait to try this place again.
When a place is so popular they don't need to give a shit about customers to get business.. they still should.  That's just business ethics. \n\nI'll spare you the details of my experience.  suffice to say, very rude.
This place is disgusting!!!! The food is not appetizing at all, I was not happy with anything from this place. The service was horrible. I'm surprised they're still open. Definitively NOT coming back here
Vig Uptown\nTwo comments:\nToo many lawyers and 60+ Cougars.\nAt least the cougars at Vig Arcadia are hot and 30-40.\nWhat can you expect on this side of town though....?
The atmosphere was very welcoming.  The menu is extremely large with plenty to try the next time you come back.  Check it out, great place for the family.
I stopped by Pride Cleaners on Saturday and dropped off two suits and two shirts. Ended up costing about $40 which is a little more than I am used to spending, but they did a really great job and my clothes were ready to go on time.\n\nOpen until 6pm on weekdays works for me.
A must visit. I can't believe this place is open 24 hours. Insane.\n\nHighly recommend the tuna melt, earl's club, and full montague.\n\nPerfect portions to satisfy anyone whether you're sober or not.
Its a good place to go but there are casinos in vegas that are a lot cooler. Dont get me wrong, i am thankful for the south point
Been here several times. Always honest, upfront and reasonable. Dropped in without an appointment and they had the problem diagnosed and repaired in no time. These guys rock!
Awesome food.. Not your typical bar food.  Try the beef tips, they're  the best!
Nice restaurant for Casa Grande, somewhat pricey for the demographics but overall food is good and presentation is attractive! \nThe Cactus Garden and museum on premises is a must to view!\nFamily owned and operated with pride. Owner greets customers and is very cordial.
Traditional American style food. For the price, I'm really not impressed with it. Didn't get a chance to try the brews though, and that seems to be their specialty.
Yum, and the service is outstanding.
Average. The one on Chandler seemed much better.
Monday night football is an awasome place to watch the game 20 bucks 3 drinks free food raffles $1 dances at half time
I love this place because it lets me not leave the office and still get food without ordering at least $20 worth of food. \n\nAlso, the food actuallly quite good if you are in the mood for sandwiches. The fruit salad is good too.
If you're looking for a good meal with solid service you'll find it here.  The menu has something for everyone, too.  If you like to go out for lunch or brunch, this is a great place to go.  Friendly, fast staff helps make the experience that much better.
6 dollars for a large dirty chai which was 1/3 ice. Have these people lost their minds?\n\nGood coffee but way too overpriced.
If you don't have kids stay away! If you do have kids what are you doing in Las Vegas? I hate all the smoking indoors. Couldn't find any quality food at the hotel.
Super quesadillas ,nachos and ambiance
Had a super time at Postino, great selection of wines!  Good food and nice environment.
The Christmas light display was recommended. Lights were extremely disappointing, but the live nativity scene should appeal to the Christian visitors. Very large gift shop. Did not visit the museum so I can not comment on that part of the site.
The guy in there is always rude. If you give me an attitude as I walk into your shop you can be assured I won't be spending any money and will probably walk right out.
Knowing now, I wish this would have been my first stop for bbq in the East Valley. The portions are huge, lots of sides to choose from and totally a cute atmosphere. The smoked turkey is downright craveable.
I'm a sucker for good service and a well staffed company. They hit the nail on the head with this place. Best grocery shopping experience ever.  One of the staff members Jessica was so sweet to this older couple, it was so nice to see. I will keep doing my after work shopping trips. Thanks again!!!
It was Laosy.
I took my teenage daughter to get her hair trimmed.  She has layers, the \"manager\" of the salon cut her hair and one side is at least one inch uneven.  This place is only good for toddlers and men who want a buzz cut.  #YouGetWhatYouPayFor
So....I was excited to finally try this place out only to see it closed with a notice on the door stating that some permit was expired.\n\nVery disappointed and hope it gets figured out
Knowlegable but very pushy and sales-y. He did more talking than listening to me about what my problems are. Was also turned off by the HcG diet advertisement they had outside their door.
Dr. Angela is fantastic! The service was great. I haven't ordered glasses yet, just contacts but it was a great trip.
Ok, buffet but not outstanding.  It was easy in and easy out, but the choices seemes somewhat limited.  My wife did not like the freshness or the the seasoning of the  crab here.  Probably a good choice with coupon for Breakfast or Lunch, but you can do better.
Prices have gone through the roof! I was quoted $350 and then I was handed a $570 bill.
(5/24/13) Spring is our server this evening.  I ordered a cheeseburger and a side of onion rings. It was good. My wife ordered chicken tenders. The food was good but average. We mainly go to iHop to people watch & hang out with the staff. All in all a good evening.
Buttermilk bar is what I tried for my first visit. Not impressed. But I will try again since this placed is praised!
Friendly service, one fellow named David very knowledgeable about local mtb trails.  Will be my go to cycle resource in the Phoenix area.
Haven't been here in awhile no reason really. My wife & I decided to come here for my birthday dinner. I ordered a bowl of chicken Tom Yum & 10 orders of salmon nigiri. It seems that they have updated the booths but otherwise everything was the same.
Great service and great price!!! Such a nice staff...you won't find another cleaners with a nicer staff!
I don't think there is a better buffet out there. Great place for breakfast and than don't worry about eating again. I like to catch alittle of the African fish over by the Asian food and fish up with a excellent Eggs Benedict. Wash it all down with some of the best Iced Tea I have ever tasted.
The orangicle drink here is amazing and the place is very spacious and comfortable.  Their logo with the goat holding a mug of coffee is awesome.  I definitely prefer this franchise over Starbucks.  It is too bad it is only found in Pittsburgh.  I hope they expand.
Water tasted metallic. Service was quite awkward/inattentive. \n\nRamen noodles were good, but broth was anaemic. Lychee smoothie tasted powdery and artificial.
Delicious! This is the best gyro place in the C-U and the best gyro place ever. The quality of the food is amazing. The portions are generous and the prices are reasonable.
My wife's food was cold. My food was okay, but not something I would be sure to mention to others.
The food here is fantastic. I don't think I've ever had a bad meal. The tomato soup is awesome and I love their salads. Their service is ok, it can sometimes be hit or miss, but that definitely doesn't deter me from going there.
I only give one star because they had decent meat. We went at 2 PM and they had no salads we got our sandwiches and it was all just meat bread and cheese we will never be going back to this place again!!
We had all the food for the conference from Blue Sage and it is was all excellent.  For breakfast, the Huevos Ranchers were the best I've had in a long time.
Really want to like this place. Have been here a few times and the food was just never very good and portions were small...especially for the price. Save your money and your tastebuds...go somewhere else.
Not bad, not great..but convenient like going to In and Out..I will have to try it again..
just had to mention the scallop twister hand roll I tried last time. OMG Amazing!! i really dont know what all is in it... but whatever it is, its like heaven in my mouth =)
Well they no longer have the Chicken Strip Cheese sandwich and what they replaced it with pretty much sucks. Other than that its like a normal hooters with some new wing flavors and steak fries.
Dinner of Christmas Day was great - attentive service without being stuffy, delicious food, and great atmosphere.
The service was great. Nothing special but that's how I like it. I don't like places to make a huge fuss when you first walk in. We ordered burgers and it was so yummy even the fries were great.  Staff was friendly and the environment was fun and inviting.
Stopped in on a Saturday night, quite the hot spot!  Waited a while for a table.  The food was great, the wine selection nice.  We had a great time.
I checked out this place after hearing how great there prices were, and yes they had good prices on some things, but many of their prices were the same as everywhere else or more.\n\nAnd it's cash or debit only... No thanks. I like my cash back credit card.
Still sooooooo slow!!!!! This store needs to take lessons from the Dunkin Donut stores back east where customer service is beyond excellent and the staff hustles!!!
I love this Morton's. .the staff is great and the food is amazing..the ribeye was great and scallops wrapped bacon amazing
Fri & Sats- Latin Vibes Club 1130p-4am. Great Spot if you like Dancing, Latinas & Latin vibes.
The meat dishes like lamb kebab & chicken 65 we're not that great. \nPaneer tikka masala. Plenty of gravy but only 8 cubes paneer. Chana masala was ok. Naan was fresh & soft.
A few drinks in, we figured out the dancefloor was on a boat.\nFloating... on water.\n\nThen our buzz wore off from YMCA-ing and doing the twist.
Food was okay, but not great; however the shirazi salad and gyros were good. I tried the DeeZee and thought it was bland. \n\nAir conditioning was non-existent and food delivery took forever.  I arrived at 6:25 and it was nearly 20 minutes before I had my food.
Worst service ever!!!! The server (Foon) had no idea what was going on and what we had ordered. For a place that charges $15 for a regular spicy Tuna hand roll, you would think their service would be more exceptional. Nope! Never again....
Always support your local USO even if you're not active duty or retired!  God Bless America!
I decided to get a bite to eat after shopping and the place was practically empty.  The server was great and I only ordered the soup and salad because they didn't have the shrimp tacos or Mac n cheese. Was told their menu varies from the traditional Chili's menu.
Top notch!!!  From the moment we went in until the time we left we were not disappointed.  We had VIP bottle service and our service could not have been better.  Great music, and the view..\".the best in Vegas......will definitely return.
Keeps getting worse everytime i come here \nOne of the dim sum was like rotten shrimp \nThe lady was rude i wont be going back \nCause like i said it keeps getting worse everytime !
I have had lashes put on in the past and had been very disappointed.  I was skeptical to get lash extensions.  I am very pleased with the outcome this time.  My lashes look great.  I have had them on now for two months and just had my second refill.  She is very reasonably priced and did a fantastic job.
I thought the whole point of taco bell is its open late. Not 11pm, or a few minutes before. Boo
Good food and courteous service. Great lunch spot.
Horrible wait in the drive-thru for food, discourteous staff. Have never had a positive experience at this Hardee's so I can't even rate the food.
Shruggin' my shoulders at this one. Typical sandwiches here but pricey ones. It's tough at the MGM to get something decent to eat with spending more than 20 greenbacks.
OH ya good rush when it shoots you up and you feel like intestines break apart  when it drops you!  Ok that sounded gross lol but its nice cause it keeps doing it and you are 1000 feet up high on the tower! yahoo give me more of it baby!
It is an alright grill but it is to fancy to be a grill and the pizza is way to greasy on the bottom and I hate all the seafood there
Launey cut my hair for the first time a few days ago. His work is so good and he made great suggestions for changes to my short hair style that I really like. I will go back for sure!
Good Service through the driveway - always speedy
Just a quick one. The food is pretty good but the service is bad. I have gone 3 times and endured terrible service for the food, every time swearing I won't come back. LOL If you can stand the bad service the food is worth it or maybe not. Coin flip decision at best.
Didn't have anything I was looking for....the lines reminded me of Walmart.  This Kmart was out of the way but we were in the area and decided to stop here to see what I was looking. The second Kmart I went to today.
For some reason they won't deliver less than a mile up the street on Penn. Apparently it's out of area or they don't want to associate with that neighborhood.
Awesome service, terrible oysters, amazing grilled shrimp old bay sauce wrap.  Stiff cocktails. 4-1=4 stars.
LGO was fantastic.  Great food, great staff, and an outstanding storefront with the best English Muffins I have ever tasted.  I have dined in twice; however, and found the service to be a little on the slow side.  Also, with regard to crowding and poor parking, LGO suffers from both.
Amazing food and great service.  I can't get enough of this place!
Been there once after a soccer game.  Only liked their chili cheese fries.  Everything else was  below par.  Quick service tho it was not very busy
TASTY!!!!  They have great tasting pizza. They pack your pizza full of cheese and it just melts in your mouth. The pizza sauce is also very tasty.
My husband and I at at this Outback last week with friends. The staff was wonderful and the food was great. We will be back to visit again.
Dear Panera, pls convert these Paradise Bakeries to Panera. Their bass ackward customer service is driving me crazy. I miss my Panera.\n\nSigned,\nAnxiously Waiting.
The Durango's Putters is the best. Great food, drinks and fast, friendly, service. Nice laid back atmosphere with friendly customers. Gaming/Sports bar with restaurant. Haven't been for breakfast, but dinner and apps are consistently good and inexpensive.
Hands down best food in the valley. Beggers pouch is a must have! My girlfriend hates seafood yet she loves everything razz serves up. If you can, sit at the bar and do the tasting menu its quite possibly the best dinning experiance you can find locally.
This establishment is as advertised!   It provides outstanding quality regardless of price.   What is interesting to observe is their prices are substantially lower than anyone else that offers quality on the Las Vegas strip.  Kudos
Horrifying.  This place should be ashamed of itself.  DO NOT STAY HERE.  Beyond dirty, just absolutely rank.
Best dessert section and overall breakfast selection of all the buffets in Las Vegas.\nMy only complaint is that the meat selection for the lunch/dinner buffets is limited and disappointing- the prime rib/steak/whatever is always too dry.
Fresh and tasty!  Good stuff and nice folks.
Love this place. Good food, fun atmosphere.
it's not good.\n\nmy bagel was hard and extremely dense.  i found it difficult to bite into without having a tooth fall out.  NYC bagels top Montreal's any day.\n\nnot sure why there is so much hype over this place.
Great spot for Football Sunday, Bartender was quite generous with the pour. :)) \nLove the clam chowder & grilled cheese. The Valet service is a must due to limited parking.  I will be back.
Spacious bar for groups\nDance on the bar, or just watch\nEasy to blackout
Average food, although very expensive.  The \"hip\" portion is just really loud, inappropriate club music that is pumped in to the restaurant.  It didn't really fit.  The service was good when we ate dinner.  It was pretty bad when we came later for dessert in the bar area.  The ice cream was very good.
I always use Suburban Elite Transport services whenever I am traveling to and from the airport.  They are always on time if not early, and get me there faster than other transportation service.  I recently used Suburban Elite Transport for my company holiday party and my co-workers loved our drivers spontaneous attitude, great conversation always helps end the night on a good note.
Best day beach club in Vegas.  Classier than Rehab.  More beautiful than Marquee.  Hotter people than Wet Republic. If you really want to dance in between dipping in the pool, this is the place to be.  Best dance area with best DJ's.
Had a private function here - beautiful space and the staff was attentive and friendly.  Not much here for vegan's and the kitchen didn't try to accommodate very well even though they had all the ingredients to make a great salad!
Well, the lines are certainly long.  Hottest new club in Vegas?  We'll see about that.  It certainly appears to be the newest.
One word: Amazing. \n\nTwo words: See it.\n\nThree words: Definitely worth it.\n\nFour words: Takes your breath away.\n\nFive words: What are you waiting for?
The chicken tenders had a weird rubbery texture and this was the second time so no more for me.
Never a bad meal yet....
Ok food, pretty average so far as Thai food goes--I'd rate Bangkok Balcony a bit better, and the food trucks at CMU are the best bargain. The service is pretty good here, and the prices are reasonable.
Took my 1992 Toyota MR2 in for new tint on my Drivers, passengers and two small windows for only 100. I highly recommend this place to anyone who is in need of new tint.
More of the love and peace please...
I like the lions. I had a great time walking though it I had to do it again later on. I didn't stay in the hotel but the many bad reviews kind makes me want to check it out. I don't what it is about me the more people say im not going to like it makes me want to check it out more.
Was desperate for food. Stumbled in here. There was a huge line. We waited a hour. I was disappointed. The set meals were run of the mill. Try somewhere else unless you are really hungry. The decor is cool,I thought there was going to be mob hit LOL,
Rocky showed up at the time expected and also provided a courtesy call with 30 minute arrival time. I really appreciate that! He got my heat working again and was friendly and courteous. My dogs enjoyed his visit too! Overall, great job!
The staff was very friendly and accommodating and the atmosphere was delightful.  However the food was just OK and somewhat overpriced.
Usually a good place to go however they hair stylists are there own bosses so they can come and go as they please. I recommend coming here in the mornings because its really busy later in the day.
Outdated rooms. An old crowd and no Jacuzzi
Awesomely hot food!  You gotta try this place!
they must have changed the cook this place used to be great but the order i got last week was crap tasteless muck i have used this place for ten years but i will use it no more after last week
I come here for the pancakes once a week and now they are gone. Bring them back please! #disappointed
Not sure it's the best location and was surprised that not many retailers aren't open here.   A few stores were empty and not that many people seem to visit... Considering its located in city center I noticed most people were just escaping the heat and window shopping it must be the economy.
It's overrated sloppy and greasy.
Work around the Tempe location... Not bad for a quick lunch  or after work drink with friends. The food is okay , not great but not the worst I've had either
After two years now, they've really done a great job at keeping the more annoying music off the playlist... or maybe some jaded hipster finally quit. Either way, I like hanging out there now instead of just getting stuff to go.
DRINKS ARE SO STRONG and worth it! Service was fast and our server was very helpful! Great spot to stop while walking the strip and need a refill!
We have been there twice now, once for lunch a few years ago and just recently for dinner. The food is very good and the beer is excellent. This last time the musicians were there and they provided a fun and entertaining evening.\nWe would go back again and recommend this venue.
Excellent - especially given location and price. We had both sashimi bowl, sushi platters and individual nigiri.  5 stars!
I just came in for an OJ and one of their fruit cups, I was in a deep craving of fruits and this was the closest spot to me that Thursday that offered such small craving to-go. The service was okay/good. Could have been better.
Archis is was one of the better Thai food restaurants in Vegas. I've been going here for years. I usually get the Penang, Thai beef salad, pad kea mow. Can't go wrong with any of those.
Very happy to have this place down the street. Employees are very nice, they have a neighborhood feeling to it. Cheap drink prices....they really do have almost anything. They also carry Bluebell Ice Cream!!!!
They don't have Jameson Black Barrel here :/ no accents... The Irish pub in Mandalay Bay is leaps and bounds better. Heading there after this first drink is done.
Free Vacuum, Clean and en-expensive! Perfect!\nBut Please folk, pull your pants up and turn your flippin radio down, we all don't share your tastes in music or underwear!
The food is definitely 5 stars.  Their hotdogs are amazing.  It is a bit on the expensive side, so I gave it 4 stars, but this is no doubt one of the best place to get hot dogs in the world.  If you love hot dogs, you HAVE to try a pink's hot dog.
Venue blows. $10 drinks, sight lines are terrible, sound is average at best. There is nothing special about this venue, as is true with most Fillmore venues.  If you're not going to see someone you really like, don't go.
A solid bowl of pho and good Bun Ga.
Well, it's a McDonald's... Standard service, no bad experiences so far. The McDonald's experience expected from a McD.
18.00 to get my ears waxed. I have never paid that much. No I didn't tip. Its hit a or miss as far a pedicures I have had good ones and bad ones here.
We tried the prime rib tonight. Very Yummy.
Site says it closes at 10pm... show up at 9:30pm and am told they are closed?!  Not cool.
Wait was long and the food was mediocre. Other restaurants like the Beach Cafe at Tropicana is much cheaper and better
I love the Rave Theater!!! They have modern facilities, automated ticket kiosks and a full bar. Really a full bar what other movie theater has that! Also they offer great discounts, Tuesday's are $6 and they also offer student and casino worker discounts.
I went there for brunch on Saturday with my dad and sister. Paid $33 for each of us. Food was okay, nothing to complain or brag about but did not feel especial. Environment and service  were nice though. Took off 1 star for price.
WOB is fabulous. Bartender are great, especially Anthony, Kenny, and Brittany. Best beer in Tempe. Quick serve. Now serves good which is awesome... Just like Anthony. Too many beers to choose from but the bartenders help you out. I will be here next Sunday! Every NFL game you could possibly want.
Don't buy groceries here. I bought a container of milk. The expiration date is over a week away and the milk was bad. Obviously it sat out before it went into the fridge. Yuck!
Itallian and american design classic men's clothing. Large selection with some great sales. Very knowledgeable staff.
It was ok. I wish they had better ventilation, but whatever. We had a group who stayed with them for a week, and we were only provided feather pillows. I called down a couple of times to get non feather pillows as I have a sensitivity to them. Never got them.
I think I seriously found my new favorite restaurant! From start to finish service was sooo on point. Food was amazing! I had the hangar steak and I was left wanting to lick my plate:) Server was Jill she was awesome! Very friendly and attentive!
I am back! The foods still greats, the services awesome and now they have beer and wine..lol!
Marginal at best for the money. The whole place really does not seem up to the standard of other Westin properties I have stayed at.
16 business days later and I have yet to receive the refund I was promised.
I really liked the lighting in this place really wasn't a fan of the music which was main stream rap not to mention this club was really small it was like a club in a living room.
Slow service. Horribly under staffed. Waited a while to get my order taken, food and bill. Even during football Sunday, really need to hire more people and turn up the volume on the TV.
Howzit!?\n\nDecent Thai food. Average atmosphere. Good service.\n\nNotable dish: Beef Panang Curry, Garlic Pork with Tofu.
Hands down slowest Starbucks I've ever frequented.  If you're in a hurry I'd recommend skipping.
The price for alcohol is almost $10 more than in the bay area. But if you rather buy bottles instead of buying individual drinks at the clubs, the price is way better. \n\nThe store is average size, not too big or small. The employees are blah... Not very customer friendly.
absolutely one of the best sandwich shops in the valley! I had the homemade turkey and it was amazing. i would strongly suggest everyone should try this place.
My simplest review yet:\n\n- Garbage sushi\n- Awkward, out-of-place music\n- Below-average server\n- Overpriced\n- No plans to go there again
I've tried Trifecta twice as the first time I was very disappointed.  Portions were small, food was cold, menu hard to figure out even though it had a small selection.  For the price of what you get, it's not that great.
Don't come here for the food. The beer is ok, standard Wisconsin bar alcohol selection. The servers are not too attentive.
I have followed my manicurist Jessica to this nail salon.   Jessica is  very professional and always does an excellent  job on my nails.  This salon is clean and hygienic.   The staff is warm and friendly.   I highly recommend this place.
First time here today..  I have to say the food is really good.. I got a chix salad. I definitely liked it l.  The set up really reminds me of Chipotle but a Hawaiian version I love it.. Coconut bark is the business
Good food and prices, but nothing that surprises. I could not taste any wood in the barbecue. The ribs were fall off the bone, and the cole slaw is excellent. I thought the staff very pleasant. If you are in Anthem, this is a reasonable place for a decent, reliable lunch.
Still our favorite restaurant in the entire Valley. The freshest homemade food- always perfect, the ambiance & the true care & hospitality of the exceptionally kind owners are what draws us to this wonderful eatery. Absolutely 5 stars in every category.
This place not recommend, food was cold, rice was soggy, lettuce wilted, and beans runny.
Went for my bd which happens to be on New Years Eve. The dinner was BAD. The show was very good.
I came to for your nails and this is the best nail shop ever I will never go anywhere else I don't care if I have to wait 2 or 3 weeks before I have to see my nails technician I will not go nowhere elseso I give this place a 6 star
STAY AWAY!!! I brought my computer last week, they held it for 3 days, deleted the files that I specifically told them not to and they never actually fixed the computer. they then charged me $40 for a diagnostic that was suppose to be free. Take your electronics somewhere else, these people are scam artists.
Maybe I'm too picky but after having eaten at the original place off of H street in San Diego... Nothing comes even remotely close to it. Overall food was ok; priced just right. I say try it you'll probably like it!
It was an okay place to grab a few drinks. The prices where good. What I really didn't like was that when I checked my bank statement they had added an additional tip for themselves on top of mine. Be careful here.
Great lunch buffet lots and lots of great food Asian Mexican and American food with tons of desserts great working staff and service
Food was very good, service was also very good. I would make a return trip. Had ht e meatloaf and it was awesome. My partner had fish and it was very over salted.\nEven with this I'd return again.
This is my go to spot, when I can't decide on what to eat.  I love this place, the food is always good, and the amount of beer that they offer makes it that much better.\n\nI recommend you try the Jambalaya, with angel hair pasta.  Best Jambalaya I have ever had!
Excellent foot message and service
ghetto,  ghetto,  ghetto wow wal-mart!  \n\nAll the money Walmart makes!  I'm sure you have on site maintenance staff!  Get there butts in that bathroom, and have them fix that crap!
This location has gotten filty !\n\nHowever, they still have all the .99 cent items that you crave for and even have milk, bread and eggs.\n\nI prefer the location on 43rd Ave & Bell Road.  Much cleaner.
I end up over shopping at every visit. Love the trader joe snacks and ready to eat foods or most part. I do think their produce section is limited but that's a small negative compared to the great selection they have otherwise.
Decent breakfast buffet, everything was different and tasty. I especially loved \"the Egg guy\". Eggs cooked to the way I want them, instead of funny scrambled eggs that are served at almost every other Breakfast Buffet.
Hole in the wall.....I love it! This place is amazing. $2 pbr, pool table, good tunes and awesome bartenders. I always have a great time when I come here.
This was our first time here. . The service was Fantastic and Fast!!! The food is delicious and filling. ..we will be back soon!!
Terrible service, the owner nickel and dimes you on everything. Even charges more for a \"to go\" cup.
Didn't have a chance to try the food. The staff was extremely rude and we decided to go somewhere else. Ended up finding an amazing breakfast place down the street called DW Bistro. Go there! Avoid this small restaurant with rude staff!
Decent. They have pretty good food. but it isn't anything to get excited about
It was what i expected. They packed the box on my two item meal.
Excelente sitio para compartir una tarde con los amigos con excelente caf\u00e9 y postres.
Emily is the best ! She does exactly what you ask and does it beautifully!:)) I am so glad I found her.
Non Stop laughing. Great show that starts fast and never let's up the entire time. Carrot Top makes fun of everyone. The audience is no exception. All the great reviews are 100 percent true. For the money carrot top show is possibly the best value in Vegas. We both agreed we will see him again.
Yogurt and Granola Yuck and Coffee sucks.  Along with their cappuccinos.  Otherwise , it is great.  Bagel and Lox are great and so is the Omelet.
Outstanding from start to finish. Caprese salad was great. The gravy dish was loaded with veal, meatballs and sausage. And the best part, the desserts!
Very nice Hotel
Excellent quality food all around and a friendly eager to please staff make for one of the better breakfast experiences in Mesa. The decor here is a little old fashioned - kinda feels like having breakfast in Kansas :)
This is the best Mexican food I ever had in the valley. Quality and taste is comparable to $$$ and above restaurants.
My friend had a car accident and they worked with her to keep everything in her budget.  I was so impressed with the service that I brought my '01 Saturn in to get the fan fixed.  They did everything in a quick time and even stayed open late on saturday to get me my car when I was running late.  I would go there again.
Nice service, but the food/entertainment was sub-par. $90 for 2 people, don't think I'd like to go back. Food TV did a whole bit on it and it wasn't as cracked up to be. :(
Well, tried to have a few tacos tonight only the employees decided to close early...sign says open to 10 however at 9:10 they turned us away. Not good for a new business that is trying to make it.
For being a discount clothing and shoe store umm... some things like purses are not very discount for the damage or quality issues it may have. \n\nIts always like zoo in there, just to but one item would be ridiculous for the amount of time you would have to wait so not worth it.
Great place for breakfast in my area. Over 10 kinds of pancake batters and lots of skillet dishes! Big portions and friendly staff.
I've only been in this store once, but I actually found some good stuff in my one visit!  I had my doubts about Fresh & Easy, but there are some good finds for really good prices.  I plan to go back.
This is the FIRST place I think of going to EVERY TIME I feel like going out to eat! NO MSGs! Love the food and the service! I have my work related lunch meetings here and it is always a HIT! Love the BIG burritos!
Food was great, service was wonderful and prices were reasonable.  At the end of our dinner, the manager told our two boys that they could pick a toy from the toy box.  That was such a nice surprise!  We will definitely come back when we're in town again.
I love this place - I was so happy to finally find a decent restaurant in the West Valley.  Love that its a local business.  Pizza is great and I've heard so many great reviews about the rest of the menu.  Great casual local neighborhood restaurant!  Great customer service and prices too!
Friday evening domestic plumbing stoppage threatened dinner plans with out of town guests. Paul arrived on the scene, neat and pleasant, diagnosed the issue, quoted the price and fixed it in under 20 minutes at a reasonable price. Paul was awesome.
Really ???????? You need a girl to get in to this club what??????? I think America is all equality but I think the this is a bullshit, discrimination is the first tool in this club, we know you probably don't care but this is really bad for tourist !
This place has really good thai food. I have been here numerous times already and I have yet to leave without a smile on my face. They cater the heat of the menu item to your liking and there is no bar so it is a nice, quiet setting. Staff is attentive and couldn't be nicer.
This is the place to go for a VERY indulgent and greasy burger with egg and cheese. (groan) I can STILL feel it. :P But it's totally wicked after a good nite of clubbing and drinking. fer sure!!
Parking is a pain here (just like La Grande Orange).  The food seems to be of decent quality and the ambiance is fine too.  However, I think that the portion size are a bit skimpy.
I love Leticia's! I've been several times. It's consistently tasty and fresh. Everything I've tried--from their specialty dishes to normal old tacos--is fantastic. Wait staff is always friendly and attentive.
Never again
Have these guys on speed dial. Their General Tso's Chicken combo is my favorite!
Visited recently with my kids and had a great time looking through the substantial collection. Lots of variety and a knowledgeable and helpful staff. I was most impressed with the courtesy and fairness with which I was treated. I would highly recommend a visit.
Worst Indian Food, I've eaten lot of buffets, I will rank this last.\n\nI only liked the navaratan curry and naan, everything else is horrible
It's bar food. It all arrives freeze dried and then they drop it on the grill or in the frier.
Great location.  Very clean.  Excellent staff and excellent concierge.
La Tolteca is dead, long live La Tolteca! :-(
Great food, but without fail, every time I call for delivery they say they aren't delivering today. They should take the online ordering for delivery off if they aren't going to have a consistent driver available.
Worst food, Worst Service, and Dirty Bathrooms.  Would never ever go again
Took a party of 5 out for dinner. the food was excellent. we had no complaints about the food. the atmosphere was a little less than desirable and the prices were significantly higher than we expected. the area is a little bit of a strip mall area. Just some warning but if you are looking for good food this place should be on your list.
Overpriced.  Food is mediocre.  Service is mediocre.  Atmosphere is confused- is it classy? Warm and rustic?  View is amazing.
...I ate there yet again.  I cannot get enough of this place...so fucking good!  The Mixed Grill plate is the meal of my choice...I'm seriously addicted.  Someone please save me!
Gilbert is really a nice guy and very professional. He came on time of my flight. Fitted my luggage nicely. I had 5 huge luggage and some small ones too. He drives very carefully.
I agree with the previous reviewer. It seems like a great concept but not executed well. It seemed barely surviving when I went in there with a few token scrawny pieces of organic produce, but the rest was pretty much stuff I could find at any grocery store. Cans of Coca Cola? Really?
We went here when the location first opened. I had the pizza sandwich and there was barely anything in the sandwich and no flavor. My boyfriend got a chicken sandwich and again no flavor or substance. We were going to eat there but decided go home and add to our sandwiches. The staff was friendly and the place was clean.
Prices not worth the product, should have gone to 5 guys. This location doesn't have the decor and 50's vibe that most locations due. Had a groupon, but spent much more than I saved. Not really anything wrong with the food, just not worth the price tag.
This place has a fun ambience with quirky YouTube video playing in the background. The milk tea can be ordered to your preferred level of sweetness. The flavor of the tea was good but the boba Itself were too small and had a strong sweetness to them that took away from the overall yumminess.
Ate here last night.  Food was barely tolerable and the place was so dirty. Waitress stood in the middle is the dining area loudly babbling about movies for 10 minutes annoying everyone. Never  going back.
Meh! Food's alright. Ambience is okay. People are nice. Meh!
Everything is so good.  Everyone at our table ordered a different burger.  My favorite was the Kiki burger.  But don't miss the appetizers--the duck and pork steamed buns were amazing!
*Wonderful* is the only word I can use to describe Sandra's awesome culinary skills!Shrimp risotto with marzipan oil was out of this world!!
i think my lunch salad was made last night, it had no dressing and i waited 25 minutes to be seated. i'm all set. the only neat thing is every dish is under 475 calories. good concept, but it falls short. really, really short.
Excellent food and service! Came with a large group...no trouble keeping up with us. Some of the higher end entries seemed a little small, but, tasted great. We will return but will choose items from the \"Favorites\".  Better value.
I only come here in the most dire of circumstances. This location is dirty and outdated. The checkout people are slow. Even when my husband goes out for groceries I tell him not to go to Albertson's, but to Fry's instead.
all I can say is fantastic.. had a few Thanksgiving spills called them up... They where at my house in less than 10 minutes and service was immaculate must call this company if you are having carpet troubles
Just awful- stay away from United at all costs.  Take a train or bus before booking anything on this crap airline
Mediocre food, bad service. At least our server was friendly, when he eventually came around. Wanted something quick, ended up with cold food that took too long to arrive.
Great food with okay service \nThe drink menu has great drinks and is very creative. Worth it. The service is okay at best.
I highly advise you stay away from this restaurant. I ordered beef kabobs. instead of having veggies on the stick with the meat, they sauteed veggies separately and threw it together with the kabobs. (lazy) The meat was extremely fatty. Almost no flavor in the food.
I ate lunch at Duckworth's on Thursday, July 25th and had the most awsome Chicken Quesadillas I've ever tasted.  And our waiter, Chris, was the absolute best. I highly recommend this restaurant.  :)
By far my favorite froyo place to go. However, last time I was there they didn't have granola in the toppings, and sucks. A lot.
When the store moved to its new location, I followed, even though it's a further drive and I have other options closer. They carry the best all natural products at a price that is a bit cheaper than the other pet stores I tried before I found this one. Always super helpful and friendly. Definitely recommend!!!
I went when they first opened and did not like it. i had a crepe with spinach and goat cheese it was super bland and not good. we also had the mussels and they were just ok. I will say that there sandwiches looked great and if I find myself over there I will try it again
Great Service. Food came out 5 minutes after we ordered in. Everything was tasty, but my husband really enjoyed his \"border bowl\".
I don't know what happened to this place, but it has taken a nose dive in quality in last few years.
They have the best bread, pastries in town. Fresh Bread daily. Price reasonable and friendly cashiers/assistants.
No matter how many times they call (nearly every day for the last few months!) and no matter how many times I tell them I am not interested and to please STOP CALLING - they continue to harass - calls come in from 8am until 9pm.  Based on these business practices alone I will never use them.
Great food, great atmosphere, great service, and friendly waiters/waitresses!!!
Totally a place to relax an chill.  Food...hookah...music...just a great to relax from a long day!!!
I stopped in to inquire about the price for a haircut because I only need it shaved with clippers. I normally do it myself but I can't right now with my hurt hand. All I got was attitude and how much is rent cost. No customer service and I don't want to see what he would do to my hair.
i ordered their Beef Super Burrito, and it was decently yummy.  The guys who work there are super nice! I will definitely go back since it's so close to UNLV.
Despite making an appointment, my tire rotation took over 90 minutes.
I liked this place but my gawd it was expensive!  I had 2 drinks, fried green tomatoes and the fish special for $55. That's not including the tip. It's also VERY loud! Our service was pretty good for a semi busy weekday evening.
First time here.  Husband b-day lunch buffet .  Salad bar was good.  Hot food as far the vegetables was ok.  3 meats offer was good.  I enjoyed the rice pudding.  Service was excellent.
Go to Mastros City Hall (Drinkwater) for a better steak, but you can get decent seafood here and great atmosphere with a bar scene.
The 1st rule of the Breakfast Club is not never talk about the Breakfast Club. The 1st rule of the Breakfast Club is NEVER eat at the Breakfast Club. The 2nd rule is NEVER talk about the Breakfast Club.
the dr. was recommended by my dentist. He was excellent, very polite and answered all questions with clear information.\nThe kind of treatment I needed is expensive but they offer quite a few payment options.\n\nI will recommend him without hesitation.
Legit Chicago style dogs. Come strictly for the polish or brat though. Everyting else is from the grocery store...this is no secret, it is what it is. You don't go to the hot dog stands in Chicage for the chicken fingers and service, do you?
This place is okay.  Good drinks.  This is a place you come to for a drink and then move on.
So far the best and funniest dinner I have ever had! Can't wait to come back! Unlike anything I have ever had!
This is fantastic! The perfect place for meat-eaters and veggie lovers alike :) Staff is friendly, food is fresh and tasty...what more could you want :)
Are u kidding???\nU have to ask for drink tkts. What a f$&@in joke. Get with it man. We spent hundrds of dollars @ u have to ask for drinks or pay??\nWtf??
The best sushi in town!! Even though I live on the other side of town, Sushi Koma is worth the drive.  The fish is always fresh and the Seafood Tostada is too die for!!!! Great date spot!
Rude. Unfriendly. No service. My friend and I sat at the table for 20 minutes without service. We asked for a menu, and got attitude from the hostess. We left and never turned back. It was extremely expensive, so they lost hundreds of dollars from us.
5 people back in the pharmacy working & U are the only one at the counter they ignore U make & U wait, for What? Slow service.
No need for a long review for this place. Freshness of the fish used for sushi is questionable. And a fellow diner found a cockroach in their food, causing a quick exodus of clients. Never going back again.\n\nIf only zero stars was an option.
more like take five gallons of fluid out of my butt. worst food poisoning I ever received.
Sorry, Jennifer'S. Stick to catering where you don't have a customer service component. A service based business should at least require staff to interact with customers. If your staff can glare at customers they can at least fill water glasses.
iHop is good but this one sucks! They won't allow any type of substitutions causing you to buy another combo meal to get the side item you want is ridiculous.  BS
No disrespect for people who love this place, but the margarita was A-OK, the tacos were A-OK, and the service was A-OK. So I guess this make my review A-OK. For the record I want to love this place, but the reality is that this place is simply A-OK.
The best thing over here is the coke. All the dishes taste bland. I will never come again. This is the worth restaurant in town.
Just crappy Mexican food the best part was the Mexican flag in my food. But this a disgrace to Mexico in every way possible. Every single menu item taste the same.  The salsa is watery and nasty. Don't waste your time.
Its a tradition to hit the In and OUT in Vegas before going home. Whether you lost $$$, lost your mind, or just got lost. These burgers make everything happy again. Thank You In and Out.
Great food, atmoshere and wine...LOVE St. Francis.
Great service, horrible food. Food undercooked and sent back only to be returned undercooked.
So I went there at 8pm today and it was closed. Not a very good 1st impression.   I called before I came and there was no indication that restaurant was closed
About as cool as prison sex. Pretentious dump! Impossible to navigate your way out. It's like your in the labyrinth, but David Bowie's not there.
Great selection. The manager on duty was so nice and accommodating. But, I walked in at about 7:55 and was told by a salesperson before I even walked in that I would need to hurry because they were closing in 5 min. I was coming to get pillows and I thought that was pretty rude.
Use to come here all the time! What happened? Very rude staff. Sat inside dust all over every where lamps etc. food does not carry the same quality! Sad to experience this... NEVER COMING BACK!!!!!
Well, I'll never go to Vegas again, but that's not because of the airport.\nGot through security pretty quick, that was nice.  Wish there was more selection of food, rather than sacrificing that space for slot machines.
In love with their seasoned fries!!.. I had their famous 1 pound stuffed burger and it was so good..the servings sizes are huge but its ok bc there's nothing wrong with take home some bomb leftovers!
Great Chicago Hot beef and tamales.\nHot dogs soggy wet and limp.\nMiss the beer served in Chicago Portillos.
Was looking for a new barber as mine sometimes has been inconsistent. Great service. Clean lines etc. I will definitely be back!
Got ripped off majorly here. Unprofessional service and indifferent staff. Disappointed because of nice ambience.
The staff are friendly the food is excellent. Burgers, chicken, steaks and more; hot, delicious and freshly cooked to order.  Worth the visit.
I've always liked their house-salad and their calamari. They need to go easy on the salt with the bread sticks. Could never complain about their service. The new menu is good. Avoid holidays for this location, the wait is seriously a killer.
This hotel is loud at all hours of the night which the non-smoking room smelling of smoke in the middle of the night and an owner who wouldn't give us towels and said, \"do me a favor and use the dirty ones.\" Then only gave us two and said that's it (there are three of us.)
The food is good.  The service is spotty.  The happy hour deals are good and the atmosphere in the bar area is great for happy hour. Stick to the pasta dishes as the higher end entrees aren't anything specatular.
Really cheap nails . Like it here sometimes there to busy and long waits tho that's why three stars.
Used to be ok ... now its just not good. Last time I went there was food all over the floor and the tables weren't clean. Add to this a less than tasty burger at a high price, and I'm not going back.
Easy access bubble tea from CMU's campus, but the environment is not good for eating. The food is alright. Nothing I've had there has been at all notable.
My wife and I ate at jardin nelson for our 3 year anniversary and we weren't disappointed. The live music was the perfect volume, the crepes were very good (I had the ham and asparagus), and the flowers with birds flitting about were lovely. Try the apple sangria!
This place is great if you want parts removed from your car! My front decorative license plate has been torn off now, twice! I thought the first time was just a fluke. Not! Avoid thus place at all cost! Go to a hand wash place like Gregs that cost less and does a far better job!
Good service, good food, good specials
They lost a star from me due to my last stay here the whole hotel got sick due to something in the vent system. And when we get down stairs they had out emergency vitamin c packets. Hotel chain this size could of done better for a full hotel of sick guest.
Was ok, wasnt great wasnt bad either. Service was great ! Had the verde pork enchiladas. That is all.
Just lovely...if you are a local or visitor go check out the flowers in the lobby and other areas. He does an amazing job with these. Great rooms, restaurants, and other amenities.
Great neighborhood Deli, Bring cash, great food
Very disappointed,  ! Wongs Chicken tasted like it was a week old.  Egg fu young had no flavor.  The hot and sour soup was barely OK.
We walked into this place without any knowledge of it..Well.....it was a great find! Decor and staff awesome! !! We ordered the 22\" inch pizza ...needless to say we are still eating on it for dinner..Highly recommended.
Wider variety on the buffet than most of the other Indian AYCE I have tried. Good quality food, too; I enjoyed it greatly. Many of the customers here got downright hisle with the wait staff, though, and detracted from the atmosphere. I will return.
Best tacos in vegas area! Their little scoop of sweet corn masa (OR WHATEVER IT IS..LOL) is amazing and addicting. Always great service and never a bad bite.
Good sized Movie Theater and was very clean.  I cannot complain.  It is hard to give a bad review about a theater unless it is dirty and this one was not.  The staff was also great the Theaters inside were roomy.  No complaints over here.  Definitely worth my Yelp.
Their cakes may taste great but don't do a custom order for a birthday cake unless you want something generic, which isn't really custom at all. My cake looked like shit. Happy birthday from freeds. Fuck you. Sorry I couldn't give you less than one star.
First visit was phenomenal. This time was overly crowded due to a private event. Food was still great. Definitely have a drink on the patio that overlooks the strip.
Fresh sushi and great customer service. I had a great experience and I will definately come back soon!
One of the best meals I have ever had.  Foie Gras starter, Steak Frites, and an awesome dessert (I don't remember the name of) was killer.  Great service.
Def one of my fav places to stop by in Scottsdale.\nBartenders arent that great tho, VERY stingy with the alcohol.
Love it! Everytime I go in I want one of everything! Feathers and lace and satin everywhere! Definitely make sure to look everywhere or you may miss something!
This is one of my favorite places in Vegas...period. Forget about gambling, come and waste your hard earned money on some classic video games!
This review is being written one hour after arriving on Mondays wing night. The wings we ordered still are not out. Can't comment on the food because it still isn't here. It isn't packed. Luckily they were able to refill our drinks twice so that they can jack up our tab. Not happy.
Mediocre/ junky dishes. However, they do have lots of variety and they do cater to the late night/fourthmeal/ jumbaco palette, which made me wish that this buffet was my college residence hall cafeteria. That would've been awesome.
The food is good and is kid friendly. Parking is a bit of a pain as there are only a few spots in the front. Service could have been a bit better as I never received a refill of my drink til I asked for a to go cup. Good pizza though.
Delish! I just had the fried rice (take home) for breakfast and I could go for seconds quaint and calming atmosphere, very friendly staff, all food made to order, and please try the fried chicken app. The ramen my fiend created as absolutely delishious as well, Im really looking forward to my next visit
I ordered an entire pizza, and received a sandwich. What?? Cheap, and NOT the tastiest pizza place anyway. Only go here if it's your last option.
Order the 3 mediums for 11.99, can't beat that deal. Staff is friendly.
I ordered the walnut shrimp and fried rice. It was delicious! The portion sizes are huge and I couldn't finish the meal. Great Asian dishes here!!
Fresh ingredients! Huge portions!! A small sub is 9 inches! The only reason they don't get 5 stars is they lack variety on the menu as well as the toppings that can be added. I will definitely be back though!
Mediocre. Overpriced for the quality. I've been to better hot dog restaurants. Nothing special about this place. Walk a little further down the strip and go to pink's for great hot dogs!
I eat there over a year ago and it was very disappointing and since have had 2 friends eat there and felt the same. I guess my evening was not a fluke.
Cute place. Very adorable for date night or out with friends. The food is good.... I tried their chicken salad. Really good. Not a huge fan of their pork sandwich. To me the bread is incredibly tough.
We casually stopped by this place on a random night last week, and like to call it our new find.  The friendly bartender made killer drinks and had great insight regarding the unique menu.  Although we are headed there to dine next week, I can already sense that this place will be worth every penny we spend there.
My favorite courses in the West Valley, particularly like the Blue, good for all levels of play. I play at least once a month and always enjoy it, even when my game stinks, which is often these days. It forgiving and fun, love the challenge.
Love this place small, simple and good food the best deal is their omelette   Friendly staff and it's locally owned.
I would've been totally satisfied with my \" to go\" mocha experience if my bank statement didn't reveal that I was charged an additional $3.00 above the price on my receipt.  WTF?!  I will not be returning here for my coffee fix!  I would recommend cash only if you choose to go.
Ditto to everything everyone else said.  Dr. Karawi is so warm and welcoming and he even communicates with me on facebook.  I love how well he explains everything and that he does the cleanings himself so that I feel he is really familiar with my teeth and my needs.  Highly recommend him!
Meh.  Pretty forgettable subs.  Jimmy John's and Milio's are better options for delivery.
Got an oil change here and had an honest experience. The service was fast and they didn't try to push anything on me that I didn't need. I will probably go back for my next oil change.
Way to over priced and the employees there didn't seem like they cared about anything. Really distant feeling from them.
Awful service. Frozen pizza. Drive a few miles to hawthornes, fuel,  Brixx or Mellow Mushroom before you stop at this place.
Really like the green tomatillo chicken enchilladas, service is fast and friendly.
A bit too pricy for what I get. I've never been big on hyped-up health bar type places, especially when it's not all that healthy.
Poor customer service, lines are always long, overpriced merchandise. I stood waiting in the laptop department waiting to PURCHASE a new laptop and it took well over 10 minutes for me to even be acknowledged. \n\nTip, brose laptop choices in-store, make purchase online.
As always the food was perfect and service was great!  We are a large family with 3 little ones and Anita's and staff always go out of their way to accommodate us.
The store is always messy. In our area has a high rate of crime. Walmart needs to take a more proactive approach when dealing with the crime and the mess. Also have more people work the return desk
Moved from South Point to Cancun after a ton of operational issues, much better at Cancun, the people were nice the management was accommodating and the tv, internet and heat functioned properly.  I would definitely stay here again.
You know I did not buy anything over there. They were Nice and helpful, But needs work with quality of shorts and pants Along with better styles that fits The guys standards they were too tight
Best pizza in Vegas.  Its always hot and fresh and the staff is friendly and attentive.
Am I the only person who does not want to drink coffee or tea out of a mason jar?  Also, it is a coffee shop......in a bar.......and they would not serve me a glass of wine before noon (and it was NOT Sunday).
Been ordering from this store over the past few years and there is no consistency. I would say they get our order correct maybe 20% of the time. Our last order we ask for the pizza to be well done. Sure enough, it's under cooked. We will not be back!
This is the go to spot for all your drink needs! This would be the Cali version of Bevmo/Beverage Warehouse or Emilios Beverages. They have every liquor you can think of.
Great vintage clothing find! Whatever decade you're looking for can be found here! Clothing is all in fantastic condition! I picked up an awesome Rosie the Riveter style jumpsuit for a steal! Good selection of vintage concert tees too!
Service was great. I ordered the chicken parm which I had at another Olive Garden a week ago and this one was over done and borderline burnt. I would have sent it back but I was in a business meeting.
Food and staff Not as good as it used to be. Sad because its  beautiful atmosphere and furnishings
Rooms are not terrible but borderline gross. Everything was a little dirty with some kind of stain. Never staying here again. Old rooms, smells like smoke everywhere and very loud. You can hear everything, including music from Fremont Street until 1 AM.
We had very attentive service and excellent meals. Our waiter did a great job explaining the specials.
The food is ok but they charge 75 cents for side sauces which is ridiculous and the service is very slow and sucky.
Seriously where have all these 4/5 stars come from? Possibly one of the worst burgers I've had in a long time if not ever. Dry, overcooked, under seasoned, Gordon should be ashamed of this place. Fries were 11 dollars, yes that's right 11 dollars! Give it a miss!!
The ambiance is nothing special, but it's a great place to grab a cocktail or some really good vodka.  The peach and champagne cocktail is quite yummy.
They have some rude employees its unbelievable. I'm trying to give business to them and ordered 6 smoothies and the cashier and her employee gave me a dirty look. Not customer friendly. At all.
I don't particularly enjoy spending as much on pizza as Picazzo's likes to charge. I find their pizzas tasty but small for the price. Ordered one pizza for 4 people we ended up spending about $30 and all left hungry. No thanks picazzo's maybe I'll just order pizza hut next time.
You can't go more than once.   Was kinda fun, probably better if you had small kids with you?
my wife, son and i stopped in this past saturday.  we fell in love.  will definitely be returning.  yum yum yummy.  a must try.
Drive thru still completly blows......   waited in the drive thru line for 15 minutes...  you would think it would be much faster since people are not buying useless junk that they should be buying at other stores.   Think Im going to switch back to walgreens
Oh boy, furry boots and bottle service. Fake posing unadulterated shite. Heaping mounds of it.\n\nScottsdale deserves the beating it's getting, due to bunk places like this.
Friendly staff and fun events!
Elaine has been doing my nails for 3 years now and I won't let anyone else do them!   She is fabulous.  Always on time and does an excellent job.  She is funny, personable and just all around a great person!   I receive compliments all the time on my nails when I am in public.
These guys have some awesome flavors with great portion sizes. I can never finish my food! I will continue to return.
Good for half soup, sandwich or salad deal. iced green tea drink is my favorite.\nFrench onion and turkey is yummy, and if your order a snack for 99 cent.
closed due to the roof collapsed during a monsoon rain
Service was good. Our table had a chicken tinga taco, fish taco, steak quesadilla, chorizo quesadilla, black beans and refried beans. Everything was flavorful and a good value for the money except the refried beans, those needed some help. Great salsa bar selections.
Love this church, I am a north phoenix transplant and have been going here for a while now, great people, great message. always brings Gods word to life in a relevant way!!!!
The spicy dog was to die for! REALLY yummy and hot without overwhelming the other flavors on my doggy (^_^)
Won $14 playing the penny slots, oh yeeaaah...
I love to eat. And I shop hungry. I know, bad for me... good for Albertsons.
This is a fair-sized store. It is clean and well-stocked. I found a pair of great chairs in good condition for way less then I would have paid elsewhere. And supporting Goodwill is a nice bonus. I'd reccommend stopping here before trying a more upsale resale store.
Pizza was good here. The servers were nice. Don't love it! But definitely don't hate it!
Best Pasty in AZ!  I love the vegetarian Mexican.  It can get pretty packed during lunch may want to call ahead if your in a hurry.
I agree with the 3 star.  Aok.  Healthy choice at airport.  Expensive but filling bento box to go at $14.  Had several little roll pieces, 3 sushis, and some seaweed.\n\nEh...but better than a burger and fried
The store was dirty, One thing I was looking for that they didn't have any of was Customer Service. All automated checkouts. Poor selection of national brands.Shopping carts needed a good cleaning.
Almost no chicken in my Kung Pow Chicken.  I wish I could attach a photo to show the whole serving plate is still full after eating all of the chicken.  Special fried rice is good but, again, tiny shrimp & meat pieces.  Would be good if they stopped trying to save money/increase profits by skimping on meat in their dishes.
They have a great happy hour and the staff is awesome.
Awful service the hostess was very rude and the prices are ridiculous for the quality of food. I would rather go to Streets of New York or Buffalo Wild wings.
Excellent food, friendly staff. Salmon was wonderful, incredible rice and interesting salad dressing.
This place was okay. So forgettable that I'll make this very short.\n\nBad service, understaffed, etc.\nSushi was just okay. Ingredients were lacking.\nExpensive for what it is.\n\nYeah, forgettable.
LOVE that I found  Fresh. Products are amazing.  Wendy was very helpful in answering all my questions. I love my combo of the Black Tea  and Cr\u00e8me Ancienne  lines I purchased
$14 to let two kids burn some energy for 30mins. Im sold. They had a blast and the place was clean and did not smell like sweat. Only down side to me was the yogurt was not as good as yogurt land.l but that alright.
Great place to hang out and watch a game\nNothing to complain about from me... White pizza is one of the best out here and the service commendable ... Don't mind the prices , but hit up the happy hour and you won't be disappointed
Was great, but tried to go today and it's closed! It says they are converting it to an event room.
Great place for breakfast/brunch.  The Works Omelet was very good and the warm banana nut muffin with butter was awesome.  Natasha gave great recommendations and was a terrific waitress.  Send her to Disney!
Gone here a couple of times sporadically, but the bartender remembered my drink making me feel super welcome. I had the caprese salad, which was awesome! Hubby had the gyro sliders and hummus, which was tasty. The food is a little pricey for a neighborhood bar but from what I tried is worth it.
Checked in online and was in and out in under half an hour. Location was clean and my stylist, Tasha, was great. Conversational and adept at what she does - she knew exactly what I was looking for and completed it efficiently.
This place had the nerve to email me through yelp requesting to see if the issue can be resolved  and then. .  NO ONE followed up  to reach out to me after I left a message for the requesting  party.  BUT I expect nothing more.  POOR CUSTOMER  SERVICE
How can you not be a fan?\n\nIt's an institution.\n\nOnly complaint is sometime out of items from menu like poutine gravy... but if that is the worst thing in your life... you need to goto haiti for awhile
Paid $50 for an arrangement delivered to my mom. Wish they could have put a little more effort into it some flowers where not fully bloomed, I wouldn't have minded if it looked like the tried to arrange something and not just put flowers in a vase.
The first time I went in there was someone working that was no help at all. Or they would get five stars. He didnt explian anything to me and was very short. This last time was great the guy was very helpfull and guided me threw what I was buying.
No!!!  Local Police told us it's the heroin capital of Charlotte.  Crack, meth, prostitutes & homocides - checked out immediately.  Not worth our lives to save a few bucks.
Stopped in for fun. I'm not familiar with pawn shops but I was expecting items to be priced under retail. These items are used right? TVs and other electronics were the same price as brand new. \nI'll pass...
Fresh, cheap & delicious. I wanna try everything!\nEasy to get to from the Metro and there's a lot of delicious pastries to try.
Good take out style chinese...got the lunch special and couldn't even finish it It was so big...same dude was there staring at me.  Maybe hes the delivery driver?
As good as it gets for reflexology. I had a GREAT massage here by Peter. The prices are fair and it is definitely worth upgrading to the table massage for $35. The other thing I like is that they give you the full 60 minutes!!
Service was indifferent and food was a triumph of style over substance which included a sub par biscuit and fresh fruit served in the skillet with the hash.
Absolutely great with kids good food great prices and one amazing Italian beef sandwich!!! It's a must try when your at el mirage park!!!!
Red or Green - this is the place!\nThe food is consistently great.  Look for the daily specials.
So I was attending some trade shows and CES which is not that far, but you still have to come back to the rooms and sleep.  The bathroom was smelly and the bedroom had another kind of smell. I know you don't expect anything for 60$ but seriously guys charge 20 more and make the rooms livable.
Great baked clams, desserts are good, fresh ravioli awesome. Service was terrific. This place reminds me of the Italian restaurants in NY
Everado took our family pictures and he was fantastic! Professional, creative, and receptive to our ideas as well.  We had an 11 month old with us and he was so patient and understanding.  He worked hard to get great shots and the pictures turned out really good.  Thank you for making this a wonderful experience!
Fast, friendly service.  Clean eating environment.  Delicious, reasonably priced food.  Great kids meals.  We love Pei Wei!  It's right across from Costco so we can eat before we shop!!  The crab Rangoon is made from real crab, not imitation.  Lettuce wraps are wonderful and large enough to share.
Ordered based on Yelp reviews.  Best Chinese delivery we've had in this area!  Yum!!!
This place is over rated too, got here for dinner, not a lot of variety, not worth it! The only thing good there was the Pepsi and juices. Wouldn't come here again.
The bagels are always fresh and delicious.  Their might be lines at times, but it is worth the wait.  Their breakfast sandwiches are made to order with real eggs and are served hot.
Pretty good Hotel, but be aware, The Carson Tower (lowest priced) DOES NOT HAVE EITHER MICROWAVE OR FRIDGE. (Fridge for an extra 20 bucks per night!)
I like to squeeze a lime wedge on my hot wings to add a touch of acidity but they never have any when I come here. I don't understand why they would provide lemons but not limes.
Great service, great views, and great food.  We had a carafe of the Frangria, which was delicious husband had the chicken brie sandwich that was delicious, and I had the Pate and salad which were both great. Highly recommend it.
My first Ramen and Saki experience.   Great food with an amazingly friendly staff.  \n    The Ramen with pork great.  Also try the Saki with the meal.  It's not just a meal, it is an experience .
Oh yeah!\nWhat a great find. Not Hash House A Go Go but completely off the strip and local.\nThe hash was delicious and the jams were a nice touch.\nI'll be back.
been going to Kee for years and it is always great quality and nice friendly service.  the sushi portions are exceptional and great selection of rolls.  I particularly like the salmon skin hand rolls and the seaweed salad...soooo tasty!  Nice selection of beers too.
Friendly service, all of the Italian favorites. Great bread basket and dipping oil!
the Curry was awful. I am NEVER going back there again.
When you walk in the place kinda smells like a Chuck E Cheese. Ordered a flight of 3 of their beers, wasn't super impressed. The Orange Blossom was probably the best one, but I don't think I could drink a whole one. The staff was nice and the beer fridge is pretty impressive.
Looking over my credit card statement, I see they charged me more than I signed for. Guess I didn't leave a big enough tip.
Very good Mexican spice coffee, the prices are a little on the high side but worth it when you get fresh ingredients in all the food!
Soho is not on my list of places to go for lunch uptown, but occasionally group lunches leave you no choice, so I end up having to come here once or twice a year and my view of them still has not changed........average.
After hearing some good things, I had to check it out. I ordered the Japanese noodles with shrimp. The shrimp and flavoring was great, but the vegetables were so undercooked, crunchy & cold, and the noodles overlooked, sticky and hard.\nThe service was good though, very sweet girl at the counter.
Ill make this review quick.\n\nPretty decent zoo but...Too expensive to get in and it doesn't include rides. Elephants? What zoo doesn't have elephants? \n\nThese reasons keep my family of four from going back.
I'm not being harsh but this is not real ramen. The soup looks boring. Ajisen Ramen is average in California but if compares to this place, it would become gourmet ramen. ASU students could use this place for late night dinner instead of fast food or instant noodles though.
Cheapest place to buy liquor.\nFor all the Californians, think of...Bev Mo!! \n$24 for a 750ml bottle of Hennessy. \n\nYou can't go wrong with that!!!
Hey Pete's fans! You can look forward to a SUPER PETE'S! they just broke ground on construction. YAY!
They don't honor the groupon that is out. I bought one of the $15 for $30 food and drinks. All they would give me is the $15 I originally paid. Don't buy the groupon, and you should not dine at a restaurant that pulls stuff like that. My server was decent and understanding of my situation.
Went there with my fianc\u00e9 for the New Year's Eve diner the restaurant was great. The servers were friendly the food was good the drinks were awesome. We ordered the stuffed mushroom my boo loved it and keep in mind he is not into mushrooms. We had such an awesome that we ordered more for takeout
Had reasonable expectations as I have been to many similar before.  Sadly I am disappointed.  The positive:  the ice cream is real and good with 6 choices.  The deserts are good too.  The hot food quality varies for nice baked salmon to half frozen oysters on half shell.  Shushi is average quality but fish sliced paper thin.
I finally found my way back to Box. I had a waxing with Ashley this morning and she was amazing! She knew all the tricks to not make it hurt as much. Box is ahead of the game on all levels. I will never get waxed anywhere else again.
Better than expected. Many salad bar items, excellent corn bread. BF cleared his plate, I did too. Nothing fancy but good food! Staff very attentive.
I have been to Spoon several times.  There are few things to say about it since everything is great here. Atmosphere and food+service quality.  They bring out some nice bread too with your meal.  Personal suggestion: duo of pork! Amazing.
This Dennys is an ok location. Never had any serious complaints other than maybe waiting for a refill here and there. I am SO sad that they stopped offering the half portion of moons over my hammy though because I never finish it. Love the boneless buffalo wings!
This is the worst casino on the strip!! One they are under construction two the rooms are nasty three they have bad directions in the hotel to get to room to room. I mean nice pool.. Oh yay and fat Tuesdays.. Oh if ur big person the towels are big but that's it hahahah..
disappointing... bought the most expensive meal on the menu which is ceviche but not worth my $35... I'm not going there again... to be fair, I'll give them credit for the delicious yuca roll and the ambience
AWFUL TERRIBLE HORRIBLE SICKENING DISGUSTING the list goes on for what this place has become,  if they were smart they would close their doors and save the pubic from such a bad eating experience
Great lunch options and pricing for the amount of food you get - which is plentiful!!!  Service was quick and courteous and the food comes out in a timely manner even around lunchtime when places can get busy.
My favorite wings by far. I order the garlic Parmesan and xxxxxx hot wings. Both boneless. My favorite! They even text you when your order is on their way! How considerate
Wow. This place was outstanding. Alluring, romantic environment, great service and outstanding food. Went with a big group for a business dinner, but looking forward to coming back with my wife for a date night.
Tasty pizza, one size (11\"), unlimited (good) toppings, wheat crust for +$1. Friendly staff. One pizza, one salad, and two drinks came to $24.
They have a huge menu that is VERY original. I HIGHLY recomend the Mexican Pizza for an apitizer, the Shirmp Fajitas, and also the CHICKen Mole is To die for!
Wow. Seriously. Wowwwww. Amazing food, great customer service, quiet location. Really outstanding. The restaurant won't knock you down with ambience, but it's clean, efficient, and friendly. Go to this place. Now.
This place is crazy good!!!\n\nAwesome Baby Back Ribs !!\n\nThe best I have had anywhere.
Have been back for the water boiled fish and another time had it delivered to my home.  I stll have to rave about it!  It is now one of my favorite food cravings!
Slow service, good (better than fast food) food. \n\nIf you are not in a rush to do anything, it's worth a stop but I still prefer Sugar Factory which offers the same type of food and fun(er) atmosphere.
I purchased the Groupon for airbrush makeup and lashes.  As a result of getting a beauty treatment from this salon, I awoke the next day with an extremely painful/swollen eye and had to visit the eye doctor.  The eye doctor prescribed me antibiotic eye meds and told me to avoid returning to the salon.
Horrible!!! Everything dried and hot food is cold too. I never had a  this kind a buffet in my life.. I'm still eating now. Cause I'm hungry...... whoops
Absolute worst attitude from bartender \"Rob\".  This is in the Omni hotel, perhaps finest in pittsburgh, I expected the complete opposite.  Food and atmosphere were good and as expected, pricey pub fare.  please just get rid of the rude bartender.
Everyone admits the pizza sucks and that pokey sticks are just a drunk food. I never understood the U of I fascination with this place. Can't remember, but I don't ever think it's cheap! Want a great after-the-bars fill up? Go to Mary Ann's, get a stack. So good.
Ghetto, cheap shoes and the quality right along with it.  There are stores in the (low end) malls that sell these shoes for much more, I'm sure, so no wonder some people think this is a steal.
Good Food. Great Atmosphere. Nice Staff. The Steak and Shrimp was cooked perfectly. The sides of Broccoli Cheese Casserole & Homemade Red Beans & Rice were delicious.
HORRIBLE over fried unrecognizable meat in hard batter. Rice is reheated.
these guys are on it!  the food is pretty inventive, even though by now there are many places to get korean fusion around the country.  the food is really tasty.  if you are in vegas and have a rental car, then it is worth it to venture off the strip and visit.
As part of our maintenance agreement we are supposed to get next day toner.  I ordered it on Tuesday.  It still isn't here.  I have had to turn down four print jobs so far.  Calls to the office are met with un-returned voice mails and/or an apathetic receptionist.
Good... not mind blowing.\nBeer was probably the best part of it, and it's cool you could get it at Mallards games.\n\nNot overwhelmingly amazing, though. I once won a $40 gift certificate and forgot to redeem it. Was not disappointed. Might be a sign.
I love Sunnys diner. Great food, great service, and a great atmosphere. Always great for breakfast at any time of the day. If you want a great gyro or Philly cheesesteak Sunnys is the place to go.
the waitress service is suspect!!!  they sat us  in a corner and forgot about us!!  our waitress was horrible!!!!!!! and rude!!!!!    but the food is good!!!!!
Home baking and fab coffee with the most wonderful views on a sunny morning. What is not to love?
One of the worst Starbucks I've been to. Slow to get drinks even when there's no one there. They do not get the drinks right, even if you spell it out for them. And it's dirty. I really have nothing good to say about this Starbucks.
Expensive. Poor process flow and service.
Had the lunch special.. the food was fresh and very tasteful.\nI have been a fan and client of the owners of this restaurant. \nSo happy to have them near my office
This literally one of the best vape shops ever! !! I come here quite a bit. I normally don't even do house juices but this is the only place I'll every get house juices. ... You must check them out ASAP
Lots of things to choose from and it's all delicious!  Dangerous that they put one near our house, though!  Pretty busy right now, cuz they just opened, but there's lots of outdoor seating, which is nice on these beautiful AZ evenings.  Seems to be a big hangout for the high school crowd.
Touristy and overpriced.  Taste mediocre.
If I could give zero stars I would. The absolute worst service. It took 30 minutes just to get water and menus. Then another hour to get food. Will never be going back here.
Still sucks, and YELP is still biased!\n\nWhy do I bother.
$10 burgers?!? Their HH is $1 off beers, Yup! That is it. Get a better HH and maybe we will go back.
Overhyped reviewers - came here for a friend's birthday - bad experience.
Food is always fresh and delicious. I love coming here cause each time something new is cooking. This is one of the few places I reserve my stomach for dessert.
Drinks are good- Food it gross except tots. I never go there to eat just get drinks...
I rarely eat Chinese food in restaurants. I find the typical American version of Chinese restaurant food to be terrible so I avoid any of the \"buffet\" type restaurants. Golden Harbor is different. It is authentic. I thoroughly enjoyed the food. It is the best Chinese food I have ever eaten. I highly recommend it.
The most memorable Chinese resturant I've ever had in US!! Witness every sweet moment I spent
Drink alot before coming here haha and bring cash. If you follow both of those actions you'll be pleasantly suprised!
Attended an event at the hotel tonight. I'm a fan of lobby bars and the Palomars looked pretty cool; I'm looking forward to a stay cation sometime soon.
Great 80s music but drinks are overpriced (but what isn't) unless you are gambling; you can sit at the bar and put money in the video poker and get free drinks.
I love it here. I got a half of pizza the other day when I signed up for there rewards program :) I am obsessed with there Spudsters always have been.
My husband and I attended the yelp sponsored date night at the Arizona Science Center. We had a blast checking out all the hands-on exhibits as well as the planetarium. The Van Gogh Alive! was an excellent immersive multimedia mix of art, music, and quotes.
I love Joe's!!!! He always has awesome bands playing. The Bartenders are generous with the alcohol. I love it. The only thing is I live so far away so I dont get to frequent them often.
Had lunch here today and experienced the greasiest fish & chips I've ever had.  Words can't explain how much grease was on the battered fish. Had to use napkins to take much of it off. In one word \"TERRIBLE\". I would not recommend anyone eat here!
Saturdays and Tuesdays are $1 Margarita days.\n(Oh and the food is really good too.)
Terrible service.... over priced and not authentic mexican... everything tasted frozen or out of a can.... by far the worst I have expirienced from any chain in az.
Hosted a group for a birthday celebration and working with the VIP service of Caesars could not have been easier.  In total, 20 attendees.  \n\nGreat accommodations.  Wonderful casino.  Overall a BIG success.  Thanks Caesars!
The shrimp cocktail is the bomb. Sweet potato fries aren't bad either. Hubby enjoyed the wings. What makes this place stand out the last two visits is the live music. I was really impressed with a band they had from Flagstaff though I am not sure who they were. It's pretty ok for a local bar.
The food was great as well as their service. their pizza was delish i want to go back soon! :)
Food is always delishious and fresh.
Absolutely loved this place.  Every dish here was amazing tasty!!  The Garlic Prawn we had even the shell was delicious lol.  Cripy Duck Curry... whoooo.  So good :)  Service was awesome.  Got to try it if you havent!!
This place serves the best Mexican food I have ever had!  Can't skip on the Carne Asada Fries and any of their tacos!
I would rate it a 3.8.  The food is very good, but we were disappointed by the portions.  Also service was very slow, the place was understaffed the night we went. Maybe a good lunch place but not coming back for dinner.
Oh this place was nightmare. I thought it would be country style restaurant not sad sloppy drive Thursday pretending to be a restaurant. The food was dripping with grease, the bread was stale and the inside needed a scrub. There weren't even caps on the sauces on the table! Needless we not be returning.
The best food in town this is the only breakfast joint that I go out to . Everything is so fresh and tastes awesome,
Ok interior. Average service. Cheap vodka in cocktails. Lazy bartender who gets 32 from multiplying 18 by 2.\n\nWill not stay in MB for a long time.
Props for delivering a browning and wilting salad that was also semi-frozen. Have you ever crunched ice crystals in your lettuce? It's pretty disgusting.\n\n$7 down the drain.
Cat got neutered. Was some confusion on the appointment - they wanted me to have a carrier and I didn't have one. So I dropped the cat off and went and got one, but never really checked the cat in. LOL. Checked cat in when I came back with carrier. Good price and healed great.
NOTHING fast about this food.\nLast time I came here I missed a flight.\nThis time, I wasnt in a hurry, but it still took forever. Everyone in line was visibly disgusted.\nThe employees are polite but they move like they have lead in their feet.
Surprisingly good, as I am not a fan of Indian food. The service was good, and attentive. I asked for and received a sample tasting of the featured Masala sauce.  We both enjoyed our meals.  But they DO need to get rid of the \"guys\" thing.
I was disappointed this time.  The service was great.  The food however was certainly not what one would expect in the least from a restaurant of this calibre.  My prime rib was tough and rubbery and so was the duck entree which my husband ordered.  I had a solid experience last time around so maybe it was just a bad night.
Everything was perfect except for the noise level. The band mixed with the flair bartenders was awful in the cellar. They really need to build more walls or something to help block the sound upstairs. The server Jose was nice also. He was knowledgeable of the wines. The cheese was very delicious also.
For a chain middle class sit down but fast food restaurant, this is still one of the best. The location itself is my favorite. They never get an order wrong, never argue with customers, and always love to throw fund raisers. This place has been rocking it for at least four years now.
I was married here in 2006 and am currently going through a separation. So, would not recommend.
Sandwiches  are GREAT but the lady who makes them always seems to be annoyed while doing her job an just makes it awkward anytime you try to interact with her. Not only that but she doesn't take orders as they come in its always whatever she feels like doing first.
Gluten free pizzzzza! I had a hard time deciding between a pizza or a salad, everything sounds so good. I got the Fun Guy on gluten free crust- super good. I definitely recommend them!
I enjoy their coffee and sandwiches. However the parking lot is the worst! I can never find a parking spot!!!
As far as fast food goes, Culver's definitely has THE best customer service hands down! Burgers are good and my kids love the custards!
Where do I start? Been to BB about 5 times. Never been disappointed. Order the Kobe, pepper bacon, blue chesse and portobello. Can't go wrong. Best $21 bucks I spend on a burger.
Excellent service and the food was wonderful. Want to go back now! Recommended!
Awsome Irish pub. Garlic mussels and fish/chips... Nice lunch.
Food is awful! And I didn't meet a employee that wasn't a jerk (to say the least). The only good thing about the place was the bar. draft beer system was amazing and it was also clean I enjoyed it very much but I do not recommend the service there it was disappointing.
Did a great job with grinding our skittish dog's nails, cost us $15 bucks though. Very clean shop, lots of high quality accessories and foods
Love their Macaroni Cheese & Potato Salad. It was delicious. Customer service was awesome. TY. Will be there again soon!
Great beer selection and pretty good wings. Last time we got two large orders to go. They were over charred and tasted like they had been cooked on a dirty grill. Pretty yucky. Usually they have decent wings though.
Weekend breakfasts are tasty. Soups tend to be good at lunch and dinner. Otherwise food is fairly mediocre. Too many TV's.
the aria smells very very good  i like it.
Sea salt Carmel frap w/ a shot is the best ever!!! Great staff and a clean environment. Only draw back is there is not a drive thru window.
Delicious! The honey wheat pancakes tasted amazing! Eggs were cooked perfectly. Sausage was yummy. My cappuccino was great! Our waiter Spencer was accommodating and friendly. We sat outside which was breezy and comfortable. Overall great brunch! Would highly recommend.
Great vibe, Deconstructed meatballs and market kale salad are great. Beautiful people  serving you with a DJ spinning.  What coukd be better? In the heart of Scottdales bar scene.
The pepperoni rolls are great, I could have one almost every day.  Oh ya there bread is pretty good, too.
CHICKEN AND WAFFLES! you will need to split this unless you are a gluttonous horde (which I can relate :-) ) FANTASTIC!
Quick spot to get lunch during the Conf Cobb salad with Margarita
Pretty horrible. Service was fine but food was terrible. Food on the plane would have been better - cold tacos, stale chips.  The flavor was also not that great. Minimal food options.
Food and fresh and clean, very nice deco, kind and friendly stuff, eat all you can with a very reasonable rate, my favourite
Had a few meatballs and penne vodka pasta at the Yelp Rocks event.  Super-tasty!  Can't wait to pay MM a visit soon...
We grabbed antoher quick meal in here tonight and they pulled it off yet again. The food was great, the service was friendly and Unlike last time I saw that they offer free Wi-Fi for customers.  Feel free to order the carne asada yelp... It's Excellent.
Finally found our new veterinarian!! Doc Roach was awesome and answered all concerns. Highly recommend!!
I love gyros and this place delivered my cravings. We were on a long road trip and stumbled upon this place. The portions were big. The meat was juicy.
I've only been here for the a10 plus allergy tablets, but each time, the people have been friendly and helpful.\n\nI'm not big into health food or supplements, but the allergy actually seems to help me.
My favorite froyo place in Phoenix! Cute name, kind of a hipster-y vibe, and awesome toppings. Love Twirl, and great froyo for the price!
The lomo saltado is delicious , the other food is just so so. The service not very good, there's only three people up front. The place is very small and the parking is atrocious . My daughter got her new car keyed. So until something changes soon we will not be going for a while.
I'll make this one short and simple....\n\nLAME\n\nCROWDED\n\nYAWN\n\nNEXT!!!
The place was decent, but they were doing renovations in the room above me. I asked them to stop, but they just persisted. I didn't get any peace and quite while i was there at all. I just heard banging and sawing the whole time and they did nothing to stop it.
I tried the pancakes and was asked if I wanted bacon to go along with it.  The pancakes were extremely bland and the bacon was overcooked.  The orange juice was watered down as well.  Good service but the food is well below sub-par.
Food is cold, over rated, not fresh and service isn't friendly. Waiters are always rushing you to order. This BJ's on this side of town is awful! Please get better management.
Awesome guacamole. Vampiro taco is a must have. good beer and tequila selection
Had the saveur lamb burger, onion rings and a bloody Mary. It was delicious. The bloody Mary was very savory and tasty, definitely unlike any I have ever had.
Excellent service and food and gluten free options were amazing. Chicken & waffle appetizer (gluten free) was awesome. Fish was large portion and delicious. We would definitely return and recommend to friends.
Awesome sushi place. Their specials are always fantastic creations. I'd be lying if I didn't say part of the attraction is the close proximity to my work.
Loved the local feel of this spot and appreciated the creativity of the vegetarian and vegan menu.  The interior is well designed and I really enjoyed their display of artwork by local artists.  The food was fantastic and service was extremely friendly.  I'd recommend this spot for anyone who loves tasty food.
Saimin was flavorless. Korean chicken was pretty good. So were the musubis.  Good service. But try hawaiian hale. It's better.
Finally a place that has my lychee popping boba.. So yummy and so much to choose from I think that's the hard part.
Seems like every doughnut is hit or miss. Some will be great, and some will be mediocre at best. And they are just way too pricey. I got four doughnuts and it was between $8 and $9.
This place is aite. For the price you pay, this place is actually not bad. Their prime rib was perfect. It was medium rate and juicy just how I like it. Aside from that, nothing memorable nor outstanding that would make me want to come back.
Arguably the best view of downtown Las Vegas. The tickets seem pricey but they are worth it. You won't get better day or night photos anywhere. This modern Ferris wheel provides a comfortable and extremely spacious seating area. Plus the video of the \"host\" talking during the ride is hilarious. Be sure to listen!
Overpriced joint thats geared towards the naive tourists...If you want a good deal though do happy hour at the bar....
I wanted to have a birthday party on the Vig patio with 20-30 people.  I was told I would have to give a $250 deposit and at the end--they keep $100 (just to have the priveledge to sit out there).  Um---no thanks....I will take my $$  elsewhere.
Great ambience, and the Black Scorpion drink is a must!
This place has a nice small bar feel but still delivers all the amenities. I frequent Tailgaters during UFC events but I also enjoy non event days as well.The food is above average for bar food and the staff is great. I recommend this place and you get what you pay for.
First time, toenail infection. Figured it was a fluke. 2nd time infection. I'm out.
I walked in the lady was ok. I asked for a calorie count she said they don't have one. I didn't end up eating there. As I walked to the side I realized a mop near the grill. Gross they have an A. The health inspector must have shown up on a good day.
This place is overrated. The food is no better then the other burrito places in uptown. I guess the private ownership and legacy reputation leads people to give it more credit than it deserves. You also get lip from the owner if you want to pay credit.
This is our go to prime rib spot. \n\nGreat deal for the prime ribs which include salad or soup and a side. \n\nThe only thing is the service is not that great.\n\nThey are kinda slow and unfriendly \n\nBut food is good
The Location is good but not what I expected for the price.  The rooms drastically need an overhaul and are very small. I expected a lot more. It is outdated, the Lobby is the nicest part of the inside of the hotel.
We so love this place, the food, service, property, all of it has been top notch!
This place is a gem!! The ambience is bright and colorful. The food is phenomenal and so were the friendly and attentive workers!!! I Definitely recommend this place. BTW- the fajita portion for one is definitely big enough for two!!! #supportlocalbusinesses
This is the second car i purchased front this dealership.  The staffs amazing from Managers Bobby and Kyle to sales Deseriee to service Mike  Easy to do business with ,keeps all promises . Goes out of there way to make you happy . This is the first five stars i posted to yelp. But these guys deserve it.
Not a good experience. Left my iced coffee in the counter without calling my name. Messed up my order. Too busy with their LOUD conversation about wanting to leave early!! No wonder this place is always empty!!
The best place to eat late night inlas vegas if you are out late this is the place to eat! I def recommend the shrimp pasta
A delicious sweet potato and goat cheese sandwich.
We came to blow some time and we did that. It was nice to get the free $10 for signing up for our first visit but there were long lines to buy beer and to play any slot machines. The smoke free area was very nice and quiet but the rest of the area was a smoke haven for sure.
If you want a colon cleansing, eat here!\n\nWhat a waste of my $$ and toilet paper,
One of the better Casino Bars. They get it pretty right. Sure it's overpriced, everything in the Casinos is overpriced but New York, New York is a LITTLE better than most and Nine Fine Irishman is a cool hang, especially upstairs.
It's extremely small and tucked away in an old casino, but you really can't go to Vegas without partying on Fremont St. all night and then getting the country fried steak at Binions Cafe when you're drunk as hell.
The venue itself is great, but feeling like slow moving cattle while entering and exiting really ruins the experience. The traffic to leave the garage is horrible! Drinks are pricey but large. Consider having dinner or drinks on property after the show to avoid traffic frustration.
Ewwww! I drive by this place everyday. Thought I would give it a shot today. I took 2 bites and had to throw the rest away. I will never come here again. The owners should be embarrassed to serve this slop. I wish I could get my $7 back.
Good stuff but only worth it with coupons for free entree when you buy one and it is still pricey, they really get you on the price of the coffee.
This particular location has a bit of a bipolar staff. Some days you get the nicest baristas, who take time and make suggestions, which make me want to come back! Other times, you are just left with the hope you have caught someone on a really bad day. I just hope my visits start to lean toward the better days!
Went here for the first time today and Dustin took great care of me!  My nails are beautiful!  I will be returning to get my nails done there from now on.
Very poor service it took 6 hours for them to clean up my room. 3 calls and a conversation with the manager ended with him telling me just had to wait and then he insulted me. Will not stay here again
This buffet is well known for one thing. The worst buffet on earth. It even has a bad odor. You will be hard pressed to find anything that looks worth putting in your mouth.
Unique flavors, awesome drinks and cool atmosphere with board games and music. \n\nI like the green tea snoh with sweetened condensed milk. Awesome staff.
I had been waiting for this place to open since I frequently visit the palms, however, I was not at all impressed. The food was bland and greasy, the service was slow, and they don't take palms gift cards. I probably won't return, there are plenty of other places to eat in the casino.
Great food, great prices and great service... gotta come back for the fish fry friday...
I like the beer, which is all that is necessary for me.
The only thing more delicious then the food is the atmosphere... (and maybe the staff).  Simply put, great drinks, great eats, and great times.  The variety of music was a pleasant surprise.  You cant go wrong with Brosenbrus.
I ordered a double double with grilled onions no tomatoes no lettuce it was right when the store opened at 1030 in the morning so the wait in the drive thru should not have been 20 minutes, very upsetting however food was great made to perfection without any errors on my cheeseburger
Staff can be clueless, generally because their employee turnover rate is so high. The donut selections are limited due to all the sandwiches, bagels, food they serve. The coffee is to die for and keeps me coming back. Too bad I can get better donuts at either grocery store close to this place.
Good enough place to get comfort food. Nothing special but gets the job done.
I gave it three stars because the flavor was good!! Crawfish was not fresh I can tell it was frozen and some of the meat was mushy!
Marks Luggage is professional, fast, and does a great job for a fair price. What more can you ask for, the luggage repair shop services all kinds of baggage problems.  Mark's Luggage takes credit cards.\n\n1542 E Victory St, Phoenix
This place is a nightmare. I called 4 times to follow up on my refunds. It finally refunded me back the money after one month!\nDO NOT buy from this place.
very small, and crowded, the most fun we had was taking a picture with a sexy zebra man.
I agree with the last review. This place is hilarious. It is probably the largest joke casino on the strip just waitint to get torn down and replaced with something trendy. Its in a holding pattern of sorts.
This is one of my favorites. I usually choose to stay here when I come downtown. Check in is usually a breeze,  the rooms are very clean.  The casino looks and smells clean and is an overall greal experience.\n\noh and they have Direct TV ....you win
This airport is garbage on so many levels.  You can show up here 2 hours early and miss your flight.  Not just you, like your whole plane full.  It's a joke.  Seriously, many PHX folks drive to Tucson.  That's 5 star airport.
Pricey but very good, we had fish, I would go back to try the steaks.
I wanted to leave, but i met the waiter \"Brice\" \nHe's the nicest most polite waiter I've had the fortune to meet. The food is average, but his service made me like it. I ended up staying 2 hours. Thank you Brice!
Great place for a peaceful evening with a couple of good drinks on the 1st floor.\nGreat place for a fun evening wth tons of dancing on the 2nd floor.\nThey also have an open area which is great during summers.
worst service ever. i have been here for 20 mins, and no one came to host us. i asked the girl from cashier, and she kept saying a moment without answering any question. I understand it is holiday season, but hosting ppl in waiting list is one bottom line. plz hire more hands
Good food and beer, great joint.
Great outdoor laid back ambiance.  Picnic tables,  real grass (even on the walls), and TVs. Never before seen a limbic on tap before and the pretzels are huge and delicious. Do yourself a favor and have a good beer here.
The best sandwiches that I have ever had, hands down.  This shop is actually a big reason that we book our rooms at Planet Hollywood.  Breakfast sandwiches are amazing.  We actually go to restaurants for drinks and then to Earl of Sandwich for dinner.  :)
The food was very good, old school the garlic toast and homemade thousand island dressing were very nostalgic.  The 2x baked potato was huge and the steak was excellent, but the bathrooms!  Please do something about them, it hurt the experience of an otherwise nice Friday night!
I like the baby faced butt mannequin.
Don't for get to check out this awesome Thai spot. It has a 50's diner look and feel. The service is super fast and friendly. I didn't see a jukebox, but it would be perfect. Or maybe Karaoke with my pad thai. Tight!
They are super friendly here and have great customer service.  I cannot recommend this place more highly.  I go there for mail all the time and a friend of mine uses their storage facility.  He says they have reasonable prices and are very attentive to his needs.
Great doc, I wasn't thrilled to be there and he could tell, I felt cared for and left there thinking I wouldn't mind going back (if I had to).
I was really disappointed. The food was very dry. Not fresh at all. The rice and beans were so dry not even salsa was able to bring them back from the dead. I ordered the chicken burrito. The chicken was really gross tasting. It wouldn't let me give zero stars that's why it gets one.
Place is closed, now a pizza joint
First time there. We had great eggs and stuffed French toast!
Rent from Jack!!!\n\nAfter hours of struggling with their competition, he immediately realized my frustration and delivered accordingly. Staff is friendly, Jack is awesome and the car was great. Process was simple, without a prior reservation and without aggressive upselling.
I've eaten here twice and both times the food was much too salty for my taste.
This place is closed! Someone let me know where I can find a good drip coffee...
Love the quick service. Dim sum all day, good prices too and friendly staff. Must go to when in Vegas. Good food.
it awful, dirty, and food is gross and not cooked!!!!!!it is not clean!!!!They do not clean tables, or replace items, they leave left over food on forks, glasses dirty, place is gross.
Wherewere the tee markers?  Guess they removed them for oversee ending. \nWe got lost several times and played the wrong hole.  No directional signs leaving green to tell you where the next hole was.  Frustrating!   Also the kid at the cart return was snotty. Poor customer relations.
we had Christmas lunch there, food and servise is good.
Food is sooo good! Owners wife left restaurant just to get ice cream! We are definitely coming back!
Truffle tater tots.  They are crispy.  They are savory.  They are delicious.\n\nHad a chicken salad sandwich that was also very good.\n\nI love how their serve their orange juice shaken and poured into a martini glass.  Classy.
First time at the new location and it just didn't feel right.  Didn't have the same atmosphere.  Staff had limited knowledge about the English beers it was serving.  Food was good, nothing amazing but definately what I was looking for a cold day.
Always a good time here!!!! Funnnn
These ladies cut / color  men , women and children very cheap they are very friendly and fun to be around
OVERPRICED!! $21 for three yogurts. Outrageous!!  Nothing spectacular about their frozen yogurt. Flavors and toppings similar to all of the other places. At  .49 cents an ounce I would expect to be wowed. Nothing here makes them stand out above the rest.
This place is OK. Just OK. Don't expect a \"wow, this. is. the. best. burger. ever.\"  Although the Kobe Burger is pretty good. A little overpriced too. \n\nThe ambiance and decor is cool.
A great little spot with an impressive selection of coffee to choose from...perfect for 1 on 1 meetings. \n\nA noteworthy mention to the \"screw head\" Pourquoi Pas Espresso Bar signage in the storefront window.
We just played the champions course on saturday and all I can say is that the entire maintenance crew has been at the Stadium course for a very long time and have not paid attention to the champions course. There are a lot more choices throughout the greater Scottsdale area that you can play at that are far better maintained than TPC.
Waste of time and money. May be kids might like it but really the blue man group's talent is not derived from them but the band playing in the back drop. The band was excellent but blue man themselves a Big disappointment. Please don't spend money on premium seating.. Category A, if u do land up going cheap seats will do.
Extremely friendly staff, very comfortable decor, and delicious food!  I enjoyed a sampling of a few different mezes and a greek salad - just wonderful!
Food took a while it was at night I was looking at apartments on that street all the way up the street but this is the only McDonalds in the vicinity and there's no other real restaurant in for a mile or two going up to Henderson
Delicious! Love Thai food. My husband is picky about his yellow curry and he said that was probably better then his favorite Thai place. Clean place and great, friendly service.
Only reason I would visit is because it was downstairs from my apartment. Not a bad place to grab a beer and they occasionally have live music. The food is just average bar fare however I must warn - the blue cheese that comes with the wings (and other things) is absolute total crap.
I hate that I let my friends convince me to eat at this place on the Strip.  Spent approx. $60 for 2 dinners and 2 beers.  The quality was just mediocre too.  Grrr...never again!
This girl that helped me yesterday was brain dead.  When she finally asked someone what I was looking for, she took me to the area...needed to try a costume on, she left and said she had to go do some cashier stuff, would send someone else over and no one else came so I walked out.
The staff at the UPS store is extremely knowledgeable and very helpful. They are very involved in their community and are kind and considerate!\n\n\nThanks Jay!
We went for lunch during a recent Vegas trip.  Nothing was bad, but nothing was great or memorable to me. The Desserts were the best thing there. Service was friendly and they were more than  willing to give assistance to a wheelchair user.
Terrible service. Stopped here 26 minutes before closing time for a pressure check, said they could not do it... Ugh, terrible tire place. Not recommended. Went next door and they checked and filled all tires, two minutes.
Fun building to be in and great, fresh mexican food.  This place is off the main strip of old town but worth the detour.
Cabo pretty much meets your expectations. Chain Mexican food that was affordable and good. Great salsas and refried beans when you sit down. The service was probably the best we received while visiting the Palace Station.
Ride the Intimidator. Some say to visit the great wall of China before you die...I say tide the Intimidator.
WORST Eyebrow wax EVER!!!!! The famous \"Tina\" everyone else raved about messed up one of my eyebrows and didnt do such a clean job on my lip wax. Not impressed at all. 5 thumbs down.
Been meaning to write a review since my last haircut here, long overdue because it was just a great haircut and a cool guy to get my haircut from. Great to support a local business and am looking forward to my next cut. Definitely worth checking out!
I love this place and the service was great!  RUTHS CHRIS and Morton's Flemings is really catching up!!\n\nBest atmosphere and best service EVER!!!
The Great Escape is Closed.  Now, unfortunately, it's the Little Woody.  Another pretentious take over.
I really don't see what all of the fuss is about over this place.  The chicken is decent but nothing worth writing home about, doesn't have any sort of kick.  Sides are okay, tater rounds are probably the best part.  Why this place constantly wins best fried chicken in Charlotte is beyond me.
For two of large Thai tea cost almost $12, on the menu is $3 for a large Thai tea, but when I paid to the cashier they charge me $2 more for each large size Thai tea, no reasonable ,  and really bad service too.
Classic Tempe location should not be confused with quality food. Bad chips, chicken cheese crisp was mostly salt, guacamole tasteless, and did I mention too much salt. Service however was great!
Disappointing. \nI dare TOP CHEF Colicchio to try the grill cheese. I think plastic has more taste.
Went for lunch last week with a friend - very prompt service, good variety on the menu, great food in a very hip atmosphere.
Excellent job accommodating our group of 40 people.   The staff were all very friendly and the food was excellent as always.   Price was reasonable also.  \nI would definitely recommend and I  will be returning.
Was not impressed at all. The place was dead on a friday eve, understandably so. Will not return.
This is my first sushi experience in Arizona and it was good, but nothing spectacular. The food is good, the service is decent and they would've gotten four stars, except the music that plays is SO annoying that it ruins the atmosphere of the place. Ambience is pleasing to the eye, but horrible on the ears.
So far the many times I have been here this is my first review of this place but it's really good. So far the times I have come it has been worth it to drive from where I live to here.. It's quite good and keeps me going back..
This course is nice. For 17 bucks for 18 holes with a cart, I can't complain.\n\nCOurse is challenging. It can play really short depending on the windy.\n\nThe bar was nice with lots of micro brews.\n\nI will be back...
Took my family there recently for the first time and pleasantly surprised! It's now our favorite mexican restaurant! Food & service were FANTASTIC! If you're in the LV area you MUST try it!
We found this place based on an ad online for $2 off a smoothie. It was hot like hell so we stopped by. We got 2 smoothie and they only took $2 off. We asked about it the girl said she did not know and gave an awkward smile. False advertising. I do not like dishonest business.
This place is typical what Arcadia dining is about these days. The atmosphere is great with the patio but the food and service is not good at all. At least they are busy and people like to be seen.
Food excellent. View is fantastik you have the waterfall. Service great.well worth going
Amazing food and value - authentic and delicious. Very nice and hard working host - we didn't mind the wait as this lady works  real hard.
Yaaawwwwwnnn!!!!! Next!\nThere are better pizza joints in town!
Guy in drive thru has Indian accent from hell and they don't carry ranch. This Jack sucks.
La Brioche isn't fantastic, but the food is good, and I really enjoy their pastries. I've never had a problem with the service, the staff has always been polite to me. All in all, not mindblowing, but definitely tasty, fresh food and acceptable service
I ordered a pulled pork and brisket sandwich and they both were mediocre at best.  I doubt I will return.
Some of the best deli food ever.  A lot of good stuff on the menu.  HUGE portions.
We ate in the basement, and would strongly encourage others to do so.  Great food.  My husband had mac and cheese and loved it.  I had a very nice southwest salad.  Staff was efficient, but not what I would call friendly.  Would go back again.  Husband LOVED the ales on tap.
I really love this place, the inside makes you feel right at home. The food is always excellent. They're artichoke dip is sooo good! And they're bread baskets are awesome!
We had two waitresses for our table of 8, each only did a section of the table but service was very bad. From our three drinks ordered, we only got two. It was pricey. We won't be coming back.
Best Blues and \"American Roots\" venue in Phoenix ... small and extreamly low stage ... place can pack up depending upon the act ...
I'd suggest you call first. This place seems to be out of business ... replaced with a mexican restaurant.
This place was ok, i went on a thursday night, it could have been better on a weekend. I had an ok time.
A good solid four. Pastrami on rye is a good go, nice pile of meat on the sandwich. They also have something called halva which I detest but my wife loves, stuff can be hard to find. Staff was pleasant, gets a little crowded around the counter but food is worth it.
This bar STINKS!! - LITERALLY!\n\nThis is the stinkiest, slimiest, stickiest bar I've ever been to. If you are drunk enough to not use any of your sense, KAMs is your place.
I liked the service they were very nice, however their gel nail work is horrible I got mine done today and they look a week old, I liked how they did my eyebrows but that was about it..
Terrible service.  Food was good
Better than average airport food. I had breakfast tacos. I wish they had cooked the bacon more but I enjoyed the mix of flavors. \n\nThey serve a good beer selection in red solo cups. Also have PHX local beer Kilt Lifter
Yummy big wings! They also are very good on keeping up with drinks And condiments such the extra napkins and plates for our wings when we had joiners to our table.
Great food, but minus a star for the staff. The cashiers here are lazy, if you're in one line and it is long ask if someone idle can help you, you can order from all registers, they won't flag you down.
My favorite place downtown! This place is so much fun and you can't beat taco Tuesday! $1 dos Equis and $2 tacos! Definitely recommend coming here.
As a long time diner of earlier Ruth's Chris in Las Vegas, was wondering if the new location at Harrah' s would be as good or better.  Certainly better!  The room is up one floor from the Casino therefore noise wasn't a problem.  Service was excellent and not overbearing.  Overall a great experience.  We will return.
Pancakes, pancakes, pancakes.  Everybody told me I HAD to try and their pancakes.\nWell, the short stack they served me were lousy pancakes.
Moes! Why did you leave?  I wanted a tasty burrito and you were gone! I can't believe you left me without saying goodbye, or at least leaving me a note (and a burrito.)
The vertical stage is amazing.
Really like this locale since they have a nice jewelry counter area. \n\nI agree that when you come to Ross you need to have patience and shop around; sometimes I don't find anything, sometimes my cart overfloweth especially Spring Dress sale week.
Such a great place, went there tonight and had the Roasted Veggie sandwich. It was delicious! I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a good meal, especially vegans & vegetarians! Also the people were super friendly :)
Street tacos - fantastic! You walk in the door and the grill smoke greets your nostrils and you begin to salivate. Service is fast and friendly, food is fresh and delicious -- and inexpensive. A great option on the strip.
Friendly but not the best work.  My manicure kinda looked like I painted my own nails.  The paint didn't go all the way to my cuticles, they had gaps between my nails and my cuticles.
Decent enough place although it's a tad on the pricy side.  What I do find amazing is their pizza tastes 2x better after it's been refrigerated.  Amazingly good when you have it for leftovers.
Found the food and service poor. Seems to be more a place for older folks with expensive cars to be seen.
Le service est excellent, courtois\n\nUn peu (beaucoup) cher pour les plats. J'aurais aim\u00e9 \u00eatre plus impressionn\u00e9e par mon assiette
Rude staff refused to let my twin sons on the mini rail when we go there more than 40 minutes before the ride closes. We were told that they close at 8:15 even if the sign said 9... T make things worst, they offer no compensation  whatsoever.  Truly a dissapppointing experience.
1 star friendly  staff\n1 star free parking\n1 star offers group classes\n\nThe instructors for group classes are average. Zumba, spin, step. \nMusic is old not current. Livin up tbe class with current music.
Had the ribeye bone-in with foie gras on top. The best steak of my life.
Hosted 10 guest last night.  Service was slow, they were understaffed.  Steaks were tough, and the fish lacked taste.  Will think twice to come here again.  Hosted another party at Del Frisco's the night before, and they did a great job.  Service and food were spot on.
The food was good. Atmosphere is lacking. Not many options to choose from. I probably will not go back.
I've been coming to Kimi for a while, my lashes are always perfect and I get a lot of compliments! Everyone asks me where I got em done. She's the best!
The guy is hilarious... George W, Clinton, and Barkley are only the start of a very good routine that should do pretty well here in Vegas...Located inside the Monte Carlo at the Lance Burton thearte Caliendo puts a great show with several comedic transitions that make his performance great.
It is what it is, a pretty cool reality tv gift shop where you can see the set of pawn stars. And in that aspect it does it's purpose well. it's not like rick's restorations but it's pretty cool nonetheless.
Pretty run of the mill mom & pop shop, roast pork & bbq pork is sold at $9 a lb. and what can I say the bbq is pretty on par with what I can get in Boston both crispy and flavorful respectfully. Great to know I can find some comfort food in Charlotte.
Juciest white meat I've ever had. I was incredibly surprised by how juicy it was. Great sauces. I will be back.
This place is the best spot in the area for lunch.  No one comes close in terms of price and quality.  I've pretty much tried everything on their menu and I can't complain about anything I've eaten.  They're fast , friendly and take pride in their food.
Clean location and efficient staff.\nCoffee always seems to be available, haven't encountered a creamer out yet.  Cup dispensers are full.  Just seems like they've got it together here.
god awful service
Food presentation was impeccable .. The scallop was a bit salty for my palate .. It took 50 mins to serve 3 scallops and mushrooms... This place has a lot of potential if they just improve their customers' waiting time
The cleaning was OK. All you have to say NO to upgrades. Its expensive if you dont have a groupon coupon.
This place used to be awesome. Now it is plain dirty. Food quality is unpredictable and mostly poor.
For an airport eatery this is above par, hense the 4 stars. Decent medium well cooked burger with slaw. \n\nWould be a 3 star outside of an airport though.
Just average. Service was average. Food was mediocre. Don't have to go again and I wouldn't recommend it. We sat at the bar and the chefs didn't interact with us at all.
This place has so few chairs! They really need to consider it's to hot to sit on the ground and they always have a horrible ant problem!
Food was good but service there is not good.  This is the second time going there and both times the service was junk.
love this place! one of the few restaurants in town with food that i'm not having second thoughts feeding my child. good food, good service.
It's Wendy's.  It's a guilty, greasy, unhealthy pleasure.  That said, I love me a Wendy's milkshake.
I saw their add on groupon and wanted to buy it. I had a few questions so I tried calling them. Called for 2 days and nobody picked up the phone once. Glad I decided to check the reviews here before I bought the groupons.
I've driven by it a million times but never stopped expecting the worse.  Tired of burgers I finally stopped tonight after seeing their TV ad.  What a surprise...The shrimp poorboy was good.  The biscuits were great.  Try it out.
Ugh, truthfully, hated it.  If the meal I had were about a quarter or maybe even a third of the price I could have chalked it up to average take out.  But nope.
I need to downgrade one star.....i feel that every time i am in the mood for a to go order it takes forever, and usually there are not many people in the restaurant, and also last time the carne asada it was a little less tender and the salsa is never spicy enough.
Great concert venue. Was there to see otherwise last night and the sound and lighting and special effects are wonderful. The drinks are just so fucking expensive! UGH and the women's restroom is always a line! Annoying. Also the bathroom people freak me out.
Food was OK.   Bread and oil combination was too salty somehow.  Service needs some attention.  I was beginning to think that our waitress was put into a witness protection program after the main course was served.  We had mediocre service a year ago and wanted to give them another try.
Love this place. It's always a hit or miss though but they have never done a bad job on my pedicures or manicures. Their prices are very fair but don't forget to tip ;)!
Awesome experience - great food and friendly staff!
Great service every time. Food is excellent. Levi is the best server.Great place for a few glasses of wine, fun atmosphere & delicious food. The ice cream is amazing!
Wonderful facility & the staff were helpful...my issue... The cost!!!   When a gym membership costs double my car payment ..all I can say is no thank you!  \n\n\nI go to the gym to work out, not to be hang out and use it as a social status.
Love this delicious food like it so much
They're good for a late night fix, but it's isn't anything out of the ordinary here in Vegas. The food is average as well as the service. It's good, but not great.
Course isn't in good shape at all.  But if you are looking for a cheap place to practice your irons this isn't bad.  Just don't expect the club house staff to be very nice since it seems like most of them have their panties in a mess.
The owner is a total b!tch.. She ordered appetizers for our large group of 17 people (at no ones request mind you) and tacked on another $400 to our bill. We were blown away.. The servers were great but we've never had a more unprofessional experience at a restaurant!!
The location is unassuming, but inside the restaurant is comfortable.  The food is okay, with a range of prices.  Service was attentive even though they were busy.
-good food\n-nice environment \n-good service\n-good price\n\n- people on yelp need to stop witting 5 page essays about their experiences \n\nJust get to the god damn main points .no one cares about your life
In this spot, I ingested the world dullest Cobb salad and a watered down Arnold Palmer. My accompanying bread roll was hard enough to break a tooth, so I could not partake.\n\nAt least the prices were not outrageous.
Great prime rib, perfect location by the light rail and stadium.
Great, quick burgers! Ask for a side of spread for your fries.
Simple but good chinese food. Recommend sezchuan or hunan chicken dishes. However, very busy at peak meal times so plan wisely.
Always amazing to me how upscale hotels  can mess up the basics.   When you're traveling on business, things like a clean and working iron are more important than having a TV in the bathroom.
Nothing authentic about this place. Some of the blandest Mexican food I've ever had. Mild salsa tastes like tomato paste, fajitas were more like stir fry, chimichanga just had shredded chicken with no spices or flavor, but guacamole was good.
Very disrespectful service writer.  Had to call the store manager to request another service writer to finish repairs to my volvo.  Repairs completed and car runs good.  However given the poor attitude from that service writer, I will not be going back.
What don't they have? I'm never disappointed in this resturant. Nice atmosphere, great service, delicious food.
Yummy Bloody Mary here. It's more of an Italian style because they put basil in it and mozzarella. If you're in the mood for a unique spin on a Bloody and your staying at Caesars or walking through the forms, then stop in here. Sit at the bar and enjoy the sounds of the fountains.
Recently was in Vegas with a bunch of friends, ended up at LiFE Nightclub @ the SLS. We had such a great time thanks to Amir :) Can't wait to be back next month! If you're looking for a hook up, contact Amir 310-980-7426.
Amazing flavors in a clean, modern setting. Hard to find but worth it. I can't wait to go back and try all the flavors!
I was not impressed with this restaurant.  The food was average...and not very fresh.  You could tell it was all frozen and processed.  I'd rather spend my money on a dozen other restaurants that serve the same food but at a much higher quality.
This would get 5 stars if the fries were less like potato chips and more like frites.
Not sure about this place and its amazing reviews.  The service was slow and food came out cold.  We got a pizza and burger both came out super cold, it took so long that we didn't even send it back because we were starving.  Might do a retry but nothing was so amazing that made me want to go back.
Nothing fancy on the interior, but great food and very nice service.
Foods okay but I have been quite a few times cause its a good close option and its reasonably priced.
OH my is all I have to say!  The food here was the best!  If I lived in Phoenix I would be in trouble cause I would be here all the time!  Wait staff was friendly also.
Been here twice and both times I have had amazing services and it is really timely. The people working totally are enjoying their jobs and you can tell it! I wish there were more of these located around the valley!
Good car wash at a good price.
$1 Dollar jello shots...who can beat that
I am in agreement with Charles and Kelly. This guy is full of himself and extremely rude on the phone. Better to not answer the phone at all then to act soooo unprofessional. Look elsewhere. This guy is clearly going downhill as his most recent reviews are all negative
we came, we saw, we conquered~ have you ever imagined to fly like a super hero and wanted to act like one? give it a try!
Hate
I love wine bars, but this place really wasn't my scene. But the bartender was great, offered personalized service. Not sure if I would return here, but it's not because of the wine or lack of service. This place knows how to run an operation.
Where do I begin?  Went to china poblano at the suggestion of the hotel concierge.  He must have been on the payroll.  Ordered several items from the menu and I must say the chef needs to rethink His/Her selections.
I really like Bison Witches! They have $1 jello shots and amazing sandwitches! Their sandwitches are HUGE and their soups are good also. They have a full bar and a cool atmosphere. If you are on mill, I would definately suggest stopping in for a drink and sandwitch.
Felt to be the old side
Worst cable company on earth. Not only are the rates ridiculous they made me drive in to get a cable box to replace the faulty box I had.. But the \"new\" box they gave me also didn't work. Their service is a joke. We need more options for cable providers.
Reminded me a bit of Z Pizza.  Pizza was modest, just cheese & pepperoni but it was big! Wings were good and came exactly as we ordered, baked with bbq sauce on the side.  Totally worth the price.  I will be ordering from them again.
Nett gelegen im Herzen von Durlach. Die Qualit\u00e4t des Essens ist durchschnittlich. Der Service leider unterdurchschnittlich.
I also just signed up for 3 months and paid with a debit card.  I just found out they closed and I'll have to call my bank tomorrow.  I am not happy!  Why would they encourage me to buy a package just days before they locked the doors.  I feel that is fraud and I plan to sek legal action if needed.
I love the gator sauce here. I take a bottle home with me every time I visit. The philly cheese steak is always a good choice.
Bland food, inattentive service.  An upstate New Yorker recommended this place; I don't think they have eaten a lot of Mexican food.  I would take seniors here who do not care if their food tastes good.  It was not bad food, just bland food.
They are amazing! I've been looking for a good salon and this was it! Thanks to yelp! I found them. They had wonderful service very welcoming! It's not in the best location but still amazing salon definitely come in and try it out! You won't regret it!
Great food, great service and great prices. Never disappointed when I come for breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner.
Uhhhhhhhhhhhh horrible service!!!! And food takes FOREVER! Literally waited an hour for the food..... If you're seated in the back room, be ready to not get your food. Trust me.
This place was horrible!  The pizza was so bad I had to spit it out... I also ordered the chopped salad, not only was the salad chopped to nothing, the balsamic dressing was not good.
I love this savers! The staff is friendly and helpful, they have a great collection of men's tees I always find what I'm looking for (or not looking for) very clean too.
I had one of the top 5 meals I ever had at Bouchon. Everything I tried was excellent. I even tried things I would never think of ordering (I went with a group so we shared a few starters) and even they amazing. Geat food. Try the pork belly for starters.
The food is okay, I think they downgraded the proteins. Not for certain but it seems like it. I enjoy getting the chicken burro, usually the employees are friendly.
I thought this place was very average. I don't know what all the hype is about.  I tried the original which is roast beef as well as the turkey club. Both were good but nothing spectacular.
This was the only place in PITT that we actually enjoyed our food at! The pizza was perfectly crispy and piled with upper scale toppings. Our appetizers came out quickly and the guy running the pizza section was friendly and helpful. If we are ever in PITT again we will be back!
Good sandwiches, good deli meats, but very overpriced.
Very friendly staff and my dog looked so cute when they finished! Great prices too. Highly recommend!
- Long waits during breakfast/brunch/late night\n- Crowded lobby/wait area\n- Mediocre service/they want to rush you out
I had some amazing Menudo!!! I would recommend to the proprietor to consider making a smaller size though. I couldn't even eat half of it.
I just stopped at BevMo to purchase a few items.  They carded me!  I asked why and he stated that they have a policy of carding anyone that looks under 50!   That is a stupid policy and I have a policy of not spending money at places with stupid policies.  \n\nBye bye!
Really great for brunch! I enjoyed the starter with self made strawberry starter which just tasted like my Mom would make it. :)\n\nThe Omlette was good but not outstanding. I really loved the Passionfruit Sorbet though.
Excellent tortas and breakfast burritos!  The chile verde burrito is pretty tasty too!
Stinky dirty hotel
The Vegas meets Italy pizza is one of the best tasting pizzas in the neighborhood. Also the guys there really care about the food they sell and will gladly elaborate on any questions you might have. Go, eat, and be merry.
Terrible food and ridiculously overpriced! Orderd beef noodle soup. Super salty and tons of MSG. Terrible service as well... Advice for people from China mainland or Taiwan: do not go to this restaurant!! You will be utterly disappointed. Go to Noodle Asia at Venetian instead.
Great Street tacos, great service, great selection! I would recommend Mexicasa to anyone looking for a great Mexican food joint.
This is close to home, so we find ourselves here often. \n\nWe make special requests on our orders all the time - and they have never messed it up! We are consistently impressed with all of the employees friendliness at the drive through. Best Taco Bell we have ever been to (and we have been to a lot!)
I agree with what was recently mentioned . . . there are a few instructors that have the music way too loud and the class can't hear them.  Meh.  A yoga studio should be a peaceful place.  If I want to hear yelling and loud music then I'll go to a rock concert.
Dr. Clinton is great (Banfield Pet Hospital). Caring, nice and very helpful. However, my last trip the front desk did not communicate the proper instructions to her and my cat ended up having 2 teeth pulled without my permission. My $200 teeth cleaning bill turned into a $500+ mess and a very unhappy kitty.
Best Mediterranean food I have ever eaten! Cheese gyro is amazing so is the falafel. There is no item here I don't love!
Had breakfast here with my cousin's and the plates are big kind of like home style cooking plates. It was a good experience having breaskfast here.
I've been to this restaurant numerous times and I strongly recommend it! I love the ceviche and shrimp cocktails, both are absolutely EXCELLENT! If you are looking for a great lunch spot, it's a must!
If you are really craving for Mexican food, and you are hungry and there is nowhere nearby you can take a seat here.\n\n+ fast service\n- expensive, not tasty.
Awesome fish tacos - Happy hour awesome - very tough to get a table bar side - worth the wait! Always good service ...
I'm liking it - for a bowling ally. Its not as swanky as the Brunswick in Gilbert however it's clean, doesn't smell funny and has daily bowling specials.  It's not a shady place which is comforting. Service is slow fyi.
I finally checked this place out last night. It's no GVR or M, but it's a nice alternative. Had a lovely evening at Twin Creeks and the Mermaid bar is so f-ing kischty I was in heaven. The mermaid bar and Twin Creeks alone earn this place 4 stars!
Love this place! Great delicious authentic Greek food with great low prices & great service. They have the BEST Greek salad ever, I add mine with chicken breast, which is super juicy & delish. I bring everyone here.
Looks like they have a new menu. The line is long at times. Service is fast once I was able to order.
Fast, polite and the food was good.  The Thai Tacos and fried Mac&Cheese was yummy.  Great burgers as well. This is no culinary stop but good fast food.
I enjoyed every bit of it! Right as you walk into the door, you can just feel that it's a very good show from start to finish. I loved everyone's costumes, and I loved how everyone was so talented!
Small trattoria tucked away in an Albertson's strip mall. Look for the big yellow shoe/car in the parking lot that is right next door to this wonderful Italian food nook.\nFresh dishes with just the right amount of spices! I always bring friends there and they love it!
Ambience is good. The price is pretty good. The food is good with a decent portions. Malasadas is a must. Have a extra time to wait. Service is not that fast. Hawaiian time.
The bartenders are skanky hos, not sexy.  The intimidating bouncers are a real buzz-kill.  It's not all in good fun.  If you like loud insulting and rude experiences, you will love this place.  The 99% that is everyone else should walk out before being intimidated to buy shots.
Loved the show, the highlight of my trip, if you don't have an open mind, don't go it is a great mix of nestalga, comedy(crudely hilarious), sarcasim and great acrobatics. I am stingy with my money, and it was well worth the price.
Atmosphere is awesome, but the food selection is average.
Average chinese food... Yeah I said Chinese...there wasnt much flavor. The Tom kah soup wasn't bad. I would not go back.
DH & I went for dinner there tonight, we had a veggie pasty and the crust was nice & flaky but the stuffing of the pasty was tasteless, peas were tasteless, mashed potatoes & gravy, weren't very good either. Beer selection was good, but food was terrible.
As for the property its ok, but the biggest problem is the way members of the staff handle residents. Be prepared to be told one thing and then they do another. Watch out!
AJ Lydon is the best !! He finds EXACTLY what your looking for no matter how long it takes and keeps in contact with you during to search process.  A great ASSET to that dealership !!!
Quiche is huge and delicious! Changes daily.
Friendly environment, great service, and food was fantastic, really. You must try one of their micheladas surely will be back!
First off the wait staff was GREAT.  They were very nice, however the food was mediocre for the price.  The British woman we took there was VERY disappointed.  When she voiced her complaints, the chef seemed genuinely concerned, though.  Overall, the atmosphere is great, but I wouldn't go for the food.
You can't go wrong with the Nachos, Tacos, Brisket, Burger, Wings...ok, so everything is delicious, but seriously don't leave without trying the Mac & Cheese.
People that work here/own the place are very very nice and considerate. Their cookies speak for themselves, they are yum, i love their ice cream cookie (only available in the summer) too bad they don't come with other cookies. \n\nThis place deserves going to at least once if you are in phoenix
Second time was awful service. Not courteous, not helpful. The food was rushed out and we were not offered  a second drink -- come on, I'm  paying!! Won't go back anytime soon.
Always fun and good food.  We come here every year during NFR.  The only thing was this year the steaks were not as big and juicey as I remember.  Sorry.
Happy Hour menu is incredible. The Big Ass Burger is incredible.  The green chile pork, incredible.\n\nI would probably never eat at the actual restaurant, due to its price... but they know how to host a happy hour.
Don't stay here.  No functional elevators and locked stairwells.  I literally had to make a distress call to the hotel because we were trapped an employee came to guide me and several others out.  Do not stay here!!   But do go to hash house a go go which is a great restaurant that requires no elevators or hotel stairwells.
I came for lunch with my asian family of 6 adults. The food is good.. There are many kind of food. The sushi sucks (not fresh, not delicious and not many choices). The service is good. The environment is comfortable. We have eaten better buffet out of Las Vegas.
I went here for my birthday dinner and I enjoyed it. We sat outside on the beautiful patio which was really fun. The food was real good. The service could have been better but it was a Friday night and I think they were short staffed. But ill definately come here again.
We always stop in for a least one Happy hour good drink prices and the small plates make it worth the trip
The combos aren't combos and the guy behind the counter looks like he's gonna cry.  D,:
Any meal you can imagine wrapped up in a flaky, buttery crust!  Every Pasty I have had is delicious.  Great atmosphere, great food and great local beer.  And you can even get half-baked Pastys to take home with you to bake later.  This place is a must!
Great old fashioned steak house!  Great steaks, great service!
This is the BEST place for gelato in the world.  PERIOD.  Cappucino and Blackberry Cheesecake are must-try flavors!
great spot in downtown phoenix.  our day drinking party got loud by this stop (#5) on the lightrail adventure.  our party didn't try any food but we did find a great mix of people in here and some nice stiff drinks.  did we need those at this point, probably not!
Sitting outside view is Amazing! Services are Great!  But our 2 Steaks were over cooked and dry!  The Rivioli was good.  \nGreat place to just hangout and enjoy the stripe view.
I'd love it if the a/c was on. Great bar. What's up with a 100o day and no a/c. We Would've stayed and spent more & had food, but too hot. Bummer. Not cool.
food was good place is clean the only thing is I felt rushed to order
If you're a gringo, than this is the place for you. The drink specials here are killer, but the food is better at Taco Bell...
Best lamb ever
Delicious meal, great service, inviting atmosphere.\n\nWaited too long to write this, don't remember the menu item I had, but it was delicious.\n\nWould definitely return.
This place was great for the strictly hip hop r&b crowd. Im headed to Vegas the end of April, and im so dissapointed I wont be able to hit this place up.
The food was so bad. The meat quality was horrible and hardly edible. There are much better Chinese food places to try.
After a number of issue with this pharmacy, mostly long waits and orders not filled on time I now go to a CVS store further away just to avoid this store.
If you are looking to get off the strip and chill at a trendy spot this is a must try.  The bar/lounge area gives you a lot of versatility for people watching and mingling.\n\nThe happy hour offers 1/2 off on all appetizers.  Score!
lol... I just wanted to write in here how great their beef nachos are. They are a great break to my week. I usually stop in on Wednesdays with some friends to catch a plate of the great nachos. I have had better, but not really anywhere around here. :) Enjoy!
Can't comment on the chemicals used or not used on my clothes.  I  don't understand all that.  But, as far as service goes, I'm very happy here.  They are very friendly and attentive.  My clothes are always ready when promised and they turn out great.
Great coffee but food and service need more work. Staff should focus on customers instead of chatting with their friends. Very expensive for what you get. \n\nSuch a cool place and it has a lot of potential just needs to fix a few things.
TRES bien mais TRES (TROP) grand :p
Service was super slow, but this is based on going here at 2am to get a quick meal.  I will say this, they did a good job for my steak and eggs!
Best pool party in Vegas hands down. Back in the day Rehab was the spot now this is the go to. Great crowd, great Dj's.
The butternut ravioli special is very good and so is the pre-dinner bread.  get the roast turkey if you are hungry!
This is absolutely the best fast food chicken I have had.  The service is great and quick.  I have been there 4 times in the past month and every time the service is great and the food is fresh.
Some of the best food I've had in my mouth. Gianfranco came to our table to see how it was, very cool. Will absolutely go back.
This place isn't anything spectacular but the food is always good. I've only been here for lunch during work hours and I'd say just about anything on the lunch special menu is a great choice. You can't go wrong with any of them. Service is always good as well.
Place is CLOSED.  \n\nAfter going to school in Chicago, was hoping to get some Harold's, but its closed.
Great food, portions could be smaller. A little pricey for Middleton. Would try somewhere else next time but would also not hesitate to return.
The stores are fairly good but I don't see much of a deal offered for being an outlet mall. There needs to be more places to eat and there is Christmas music playing on November 6....not cool at all.
Friendly, helpful staff + great selection. Highly recommended!
This is the kind of place you find yourself craving after a few weeks away-
Miss eating here. Yummy food! and always fresh since they have there own veggie garden
The other reviewers are spot-on on this place.  You'd think it is just a typical sandwich place if you didn't know it was a gem.  The food stands out though.  You'll go back once you try it.  There are so many choices and so far every one of them was good.
This place is awesome! They are super friendly, great service and the food is super tasty. Try the homemade sodas..sooo good!
They have a nice selection of juice at this shop and their prices are affordable Krankberry is the shit!!
If you want to feel like a number, get over charged and wait a very long time to do it then come here. If I didn't have free oil changes here, I'd never come.
- 1st club I went to in vegas\n- Substandard\n- Broken glass in front of the elevator\n- Nice view from the rooftop/patio dance floor\n- Cool band(s) on the inside\n- Seemed a little dirty
The best breakfast in the town! Greek omelette is great. Definitely will come back again
I wish I could give zero stars. I came here and the man rudely told me that They Don't Sell To The Public!!! I was pissed that I drove so far and I would be turned around at the door like that! Rude and outrageous!
Ate dinner here tonight. Service was a little slow but the food was good. It's a sports bar so the usual memorabilia and flat screens all over. Again, it's a bar so don't expect a Morton's or a McCormick and Schmick.
Eh, Wally. I hate it. Sometimes when you are far away from home and you need to get buttermilk for Mamie White at midnight you have no other choice. We did not blend well at this store.
I like this place. High marks for food quality and friendly service. Best of all is Happy Hour. Blue Moon for $2.50?????? ENOUGH SAID. Log off now and get over to The Living Room for Happy Hour!!!!!
Small but great mussels...
Been eating here since the day they opened. Since I moved away from the area I look for any excuse when I am working the area to eat here. Very fresh, delicious. Roberto's has nothing on these guys, in fact a Roberto's is around the corner and is empty at lunch time. Riva's is legit.
Walked to Yogurtland  we saw the long line waiting in front of this ice cream parlor and, curiously, we decided to try it. Very distinctive and particular tastes, we tried the chocolate chip and it was really good. Certainly not the gelato we are used to the Italians, but definitely worth a taste.
Came here for lunch with my mom. The service was outstanding and the lunch was great. The phrase of the day is a nice bit of fun as well. Definitely will be back!
I expected more because of the way people amp this place up but the dogs aren't that good to me. They're ok. Homemade chili cheese dogs taste better. Just my opinion though, you may think otherwise.
The food is amazing. Perfect. 5 stars. But for some reason they assault you with super loud techno music like you are a stoned teenager looking for a rave. Do not eat here if you want to hear your friends at the table. Great place to eat at the sushi bar if wearing noise canceling headphones.
Terrible service. Food all came out cold. Ended up taking two bites paid my tab and went to the haute doggery next door. Don't waste your Time!!!
Wait time is minimal, they're open earlier than my fav. coffee shop on the weekends and drinks are good. Even the drive through wait time is minimal, I've never waited more than a couple minutes in a 6 car line.
Nice location, lousy beer selection. The event could have better if tickets were limited. Too many people crammed into a small areao. It was difficult to travel from vendor to vendor. There are many beer festivals in LV. This was the worst one we've been to, and we've been to all of them.
now has self served for 88 cents! yuuuuuum!
Still no true Greek restaurant in Charlotte. This place serves below average to average Greek and non-Grecos eat it up. Those who know better won't eat here...try Ilios Noche instead (not a full Greek menu but they know what they're doing).
Flawless really. Great service, excellent food, classic setting. Looking forward to next time (and hoping there is one).
My order was wrong three times yes three times!!! Never be back walk out not happy and never be back !!
Good (but weak) drinks and typical bar food. Still, a decent place to grab some grub before a show at Comedy Zone!
I just love this place.  My favorite is the mixed grain salad.  I get it with shrimp (they are large and so yummy).  All o the food that comes out of the kitchen looks so delicious.  The people I have brought here definitely want to go back. The staff is very nice and helpful when asking questions.
If you like fried chicken and waffles, this is the place for you. Very tasty fried chicken. Drinks are served in jars. Only complaint is that they don't like to split the check.
You don't charge $16 for very little, bland tasting crawfish! The crawfish itself was small too. I don't think i had more than 11 whole crawfish. I wish I can post a picture to justify my disappointment.
Love it that the staff is always friendly and knowledge.  No pressure to hurry and not pressure to buy.  \n\nOnly if the games were organized a little bit, then they will get the 5th star.  Can only standing there reading the slim covers sideways for a few mins, anymore then that my neck is killing me.
These are the best fish tacos ever! I came on a recommendation from a friend who just visited them in Maui, and wow I'm so glad I came! Met the owner of the franchise when I was eating dinner and he was very helpful and friendly and shared his whole story on how he opened the location.
The hamburger was cold and too thick for an \"original\" hamburger. The fries where not cooked correctly. THE PLACE IS WAY TO LOUD. When the cashier has to keep saying \"what\" a few times it is to loud.
I've been here twice and both times did the prix fixe pasta tasting. The selections change frequently but it was always delicious and extremely satisfying.
If you want a really thurough job, don't use this company.  They did not do my windows, nor do they do walls.  Did not clean kitchen backsplash.  Just picked up the big chunks.  Saved me some time but was hoping for better.
Good meal, but the service was terribly, terribly slow.  They were quite busy, but several other tables that were seated well after us received their main course before we even had our salads and soup.
Very impressive burger. Cooked to perfection and served with all the right fixings.  Rates right up there with houston and white chocolate grill.
Brought my wife's parents here visiting from out of town. Love the Chicken Fried Steak. We ate here during dinner time and the service was very fast! The service was excellent and attentive.\n\nWe got individual pies to go after our meal and it was excellent!
Fuck, I hate Fry's, this one especially. Went when visiting a friend out in Surprise.. fucking packed, stupid fucking lay out, sensory over load. Who says Americans need these many choices. Fuck, I hate Fry's.
If you go here, you will enjoy a four course fondue meal. The desert chocolate is awesome. I prefer the 'Smores' option but the others look great also. They have many options for the main course. This place is pricey and you do have to cook your own food, but a nice option for special occasions.
Hawaiian food with a line of people out side. Mostly Asian people. Was a good sign. And food was great! The Punch was really good. The chairs were only ok.
Yay, finally opened to the public
\"doner\"? I think not.
Great place to go. Good drinks, good food (for a pub) and great bands coming to play there. Amazing place to watch Hockey. Some of the staff are weird sometimes (uninterested/lazy attitude and slow speed) but they are ok most of the time.
SLOOOOW service, food is not great. Not many healthy or vegetarian options besides the salads. Pity this is the only actual restaurant at MSN.
I'm still getting mailers from this place. Nope. I won't go. Keep your stinky coupons. Boo.
Great food and service.  They now have beer and margaritas.  Should expand their menu a little.
I'm not a big fan of \"coffee\" but I do enjoy smoothies and iced drinks.\nWhich aren't bad here.\nBut Starbucks still has my heart.\nI do enjoy their free Wi-fi, and it's a very calm atmosphere:)
Just opened and their service is dialed in. Great, fun atmosphere. Food was really good. Portions were big. It's obvious the employees love working there. Keep up the good work!
Extremely impressed with Haymaker restaurant! My son got the steak it was cooked to perfection! I got the ribs and chicken, both full of flavor perfectly cooked. I will go back for those ribs again and again. There was not one thing wrong with our entire meal. Great atmosphere friendly and knowledgeable staff. Looking forward to going back again!
Meat was the best out of any of these Brazilian places we have been to. Seafood....not so much. They did have really sucky and somewhat uncomfortable service here.
The worst place ... Manager doesn't know how to manage and the server does not know what to talk..\n\nIdiotic place
This is a nice new Petco location. It's clean and organized, but I found it a little difficult to locate items I was looking for as their inventory seemed a little sparse. \n\nExcellent parking and location, though.
Absolutely love this place! The staff is incredible, and the food is always great! We eat here weekly and have never had a poor experience.
The worst pizza place on the west coast of america, well I take that back the worst in the WORLD! it is ran by kids and they have no management.
It's not the hotel, it's just that this is the last time I was with the G/F and after we came back it was over. So my taste buds for the Wynn are poisoned. I hate everything about the WYNN. Sorry Steve but I'll be staying at the Standard or The Hotel next week.
This was my least favorite dining experience in Vegas. The tempura vegetables were great! But the shrimp wonton was sooooo \"fishy\" it was hard to eat! The broth was fishy too.... Yuck!
Great Airport Burger  & steak Fries!
Love eating here! I try and go at least once a week. The staff is friendly and great to converse with. The food is always excellent and you cannot beat the prices! I try and take as many friends as I can for breakfast or brunch.
Got the breakfast quesadilla's, pretty good, also ordered the frozen peanut butter hot chocolate, really good... however this place gets three stars because the service was so bad.
I arrived at lunch time to this Wendy's it was super busy 15min wait for food... The food was good if I was in the mood for Wendy's again I would go back to this location again.
Always fast and friendly service. Reasonably priced for general repairs and oil changes. The service writers are courteous and make sure your taken car of. The technician are also courteous and take great care of your vehicle inside in out. Highly recommend going to see David or Chris for any of your automotive needs and you will be well taken care of!
The drinks here are yummy but the seafood isn't that great stick to the meats!!!\n\nDon't think I would come here again!!!
Shain is amazing. He makes sure my pool is taken care of, is here when he says he will be here. He replaces what needs replacing but doesn't try to replace things that don't in order to make extra money. He treats his customers how he would like to be treated and it shows.
Dueschutes Brewery Mirror Pond Pale Ale, and the jerk wing were good.
I love SmashBurger and this is my favorite location.The food is always cooked perfectly and everything is always fresh.The restaurant is always clean and the staff are always friendly and attentive. I love love love the Smash fries. My absolute favorite burger place.
Well, I've been here just for the happy hour. Price - at 50% - was ok, and food was quite good. Service was friendly, if not extremely fast. The environment is really nice and well-decorated.
Cute cafe, but they totally forgot about my sister and my drink!  They told us to not have outside food, yet we watched other people eat and they didn't say anything. Not sure if I'll return.
Inept.  Just totally inept employees.  Take your CC number online and then ask for payment when you get to the restaurant.  Your information is NOT safe here.  I do NOT recommend ordering online from this restaurant.
WEIRD!!! Why is the 2 for $10 menu top secret when its advertised on TV..  kind of shady you think; no menu just a small paper that is read to you by the waiter.
This is good Americanized Chinese food.  The portions are huge and meant for sharing.  The wait times are long on the weekend, but you can order online.  If you do eat in, don't miss the customizable coke machine with the touch screen interface.  This is a great fast casual restaurant.
I love this location of Baja fresh. I always go here for their chicken fajitas. The staff is extremely friendly and they keep it very clean. The condiments are usually fresh, unless if you go their during their closing time. \n\nAlso, they have pretty good coupons on Baja Fresh's web site.
I'm a southern girl. I can make biscuits and gravy. So my opinion is biased. Biscuits get a b+ gravy gets a c. Too thick and the sausage isn't seasoned well. For the price, you get fed.  No one said you get fed with great food.
Jared and Lou are two of the best attorneys around.  Friendly and casual environment with innovative ways to help with individual needs.  I have sent several of my friends and clients to them without any hesitation that they would exceed expectations.
Absolutely my favorite Sushi place in AZ.  Everything I have ever had there has been exceptionally fresh, and the staff is always friendly.   They are not the cheapest, but you get what you pay for.
YUM YUM China! Catchy right? Panda should sue cause its basically the same thing. Pandas an 8 and YumYum is a 7 although I did go in right when they were closing. It was cheap and cream/crab puffs were pretty dang NomNomable.
I went to one of there FREE classes on Saturday!  Some of the best trainers I have been around.  Great new location!  If they train you as hard in the FREE classes wondering what the weekly sessions are like.  Recommand to everyone!
Good place to get a quick meal. I went there for breakfast ordered a sausage eggs cheese sandwich and food came out fast and fresh ! The restaurant is clean and nice tables. Free refill coffee and it just like Starbucks but offers table service . Very impressed !
Gary is a great Landscaper Designer. His crew is excellent, very clean, organize. They know their work. We schedule the remodel during the holiday season and everything was deliver on time. The plants are growing beautiful.
Wow. Very romantic terrace seating. The food was amazing. Go with the wine pairing. They have picked the perfect compliment to each course. The staff is very knowledgeable and attentive. If you are in the area this restaurant is a must.
The service was terrible. The counter help couldn't be bothered. I am from back east and a bit of a sub snob but this place doesn't even come close to good for az standards.
Pretty good food.  Friendly staff.
I did go back and had the enchiladas plate which was what you'd expect but yummy and filling.\n\nGood if you got the craving for mexican food. Easy on the wallet too.
The salads were amazing and the service was excellent.  This is definitely a repeat for our group.
The food is good but overpriced. I had a turkey wrap and it cost me almost $10 :( Would much rather get a sandwich & soup at earl's for the same price. I had it only because it was the closest place available for food, since it's near the lobby of Bally's.
Went in to grab 3 bagels this morning ordered at 8:24am only to wait 20 minutes to get them and then find out 2 of the 3 are burnt!
Phoenix Roll... So yummy! I have to say this place has great tasting rolls and it keeps me coming back for more! I've tried other places, but for some crazy reason I keep coming back! Call it addiction, or just  great tasting sushi! Service is great!
Giving one star hurts. Food was terrible and the service...what service. Had to wait way too long to even be greeted in the front and then sat at my table for at least 10 min. before anyone even came to my table. The place was empty on a Saturday, had no atmosphere, not enjoyable to watch a game.
Any Latin restaurant that uses minute rice is horrible.  Havana Cafe is one of these places.  Overpriced, rice is awful, pasteles are dry,  The one good thing is the pork.  But it doesn't warrant my going back . . . EVER
Dirty, Dirty, Dirty.....will not be returning.
$10 for a medium drink, chicken sandwich, and a small salad = MEH! Overpriced and nothing special of this BBQ chicken sandwich.\n\nI'll go back for a second try, someday...
Pricey but quite good. Patio view overlooking the treasure island show was fun. A few things were not quite perfect for the price gave but overall really nice meal.
Amazing frozen hot chocolate.  Terrible service. The hostess was not nice at all, and we waited for over 30 min to even go inside and the place was not even close to being half full.  Our waitress was very nice, but it took a very long time to even be helped.  This one does not even compare to the one in NY.
Service was good and upstairs club was crazy crowded with sausage and girls pretending to have fun. Food was just okay.  Had filet and sushi pad tai dessert was excellent big fortune cookie. And lot's of hot young girls at overcrowded club. Not for me but for everyone else.
Very fun bar, lots of room to dance. Lots of open space, good music. Over priced drinks tho...
As other reviewers have noted there is a big difference between the renovated rooms and the old renovated rooms at this hotel.\n\nAlthough apparently the walls are paper thin in both. This is not a great hotel but the water pressure in the showers impressed me enough to offer 2 stars. Seriously it was like a pressure washer.
I love this place!!!\nI actually love this location more than the Napa one.\nOf course the food is great, the service is good too. This place totally bring me back the memory of Paris.\nLOVE IT!!!!
How about ZERO stars?  Maybe 1 star for free non-valet parking.
Terrible almost inedible pizza.  So disappointed! Have had pizza and pasta delivery for years and always was great.  This delivery took almost 2 hours even though they said would take 45 minutes.  Pizza was burnt and soggy. Crust inedible.  At least we did not gain a lot of weight. So disappointed!
Great set up, great location, great flour tortilla chips, but everything else not so great.  I have tried a few different dishes, and they were not very good.  Too bad, it's a cool set up.
DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!! I would  give this no stars if I could . Half of our food was cold and the other half the French toast, the biscuits , waffles were hard. The sausage and bacon were beyond greasy and disgusting. The only decent thing were the drinks .
what a messy place! If you want to look a good bargain you have to look carefully because everything is chaos! Even Big Lots has more order. Not worth my time.
Hung our server is great.  He remembered from last time that were here that I wanted to try the Spicy Chirashi Bowl. I ordered the Spicy Chirashi bowl and it is perfect.
Didn't even eat. Just walked out. There were a few tables with purple all ready eating abd a handful of wait staff. We had to get or own menus waited for five minutes with the several servers standing around staring at us without coming to get a drink order. We left.
Always good, this time had a sea dog, a foot long piece of fried fish in a roll. Really good white fish, probably cod.
Saw review in from Ohio last day in Vegas. Wait was not that long maybe 1 min even though they were busy. Coffee cake is delicious, ordered the Mexican skillet it was Spicey yet not over the top very good would come back if in town again
I only come to this hotel for conferences.  Not to gamble or drink.  Its unpredictable.  I do like the fact that they always round up the dollar though.
Not bad,there's a lot to pick from
As someone who has had Thai food all over the world this place is by far the Worst Thai food ever. Service was ungodly slow and in attentive. The food came out cold and without and flavor. If I could give this place a 0 I would. Save your money and eat else where.
Amazing fresh food and on the spot import deli meats and cheeses. Super amazing cheese steak. Best around. Friendly staff and all about quality!
Love it here.  The service is impeccable. You need to make reservations. Place overlooks the strip. I had the lobster roll. Loved the pizza I had the spicy. The expresso drinks are amazing. I will be back
This place is almost as bad for me as The Apple Store. \n\nThe friendliest of staff, a great selection and some of the best prices I've seen.  As long as I'm pretending to be a photographer I'll keep coming back to this awesome store.
I had the pepperoni pizza, which was great.  The others that were with me went with the Meatball sub, which was their third time that week having the same lunch!  Biaggio is a great guy who is serving up a lot of high quality food.
I went here for an event held by Goose Island during the Great Taste weekend. Free beers for a couple hours. Needless to say it was extremely crowded. The interior set up seemed silly, intentionally wasting space. The music was loud and annoying. Overall, I was not impressed.
Love chau!! She's all about great service! I'm quiet picky with my nails and I get great service all the time!! Huge gel polish selection!
It's the place I have to go to get anywhere from Roanoke, VA it seems.  Decent enough but it seems to be starting to show the years these days.  I really have to say I just don't care for the restroom attendants.
Best nem nuong cuon in the valley..  sometimes they give a lot a lot of pork sausage but i don't complain, except that it fills me up to where i can't eat my main course =)  The sauce is amazing, definitely a must try if you are in the area.
One of those places that  you go one time and the food is great, you go the next time and it was so-so.
Terrific Greek salad.  Very fresh and flavorful. Somewhat of a hidden gem so terrific for business lunches.
Sitting in the restaurant right now.... had the most mayonnaise laden tuna salad I have ever had.  It actually dripped off the bread.  The bread bowl that my dining partner got was cold and hard... inedible, really.   We will never be back... $20 very poorly spent.
I guess its better than McDonalds, I was still hungry after their delux burger and FF,\nif there is no place to eat late at night it beats burger king and mcdolads.
Went there for lunch today.  Had the loaded Spud and a Ice tea.  The potato had obviously been warmed up in a microwave and still was only lukewarm.  Price with tax was nearly ten dollars. Mediocre food and way overpriced IMHO.
Very bland food. Not one thing came to my table spicy enough. Drinks were ok, Pablo kept my cup full. Environment was Alrite. Overall I give this place a D.
Great food, great service, great atmosphere!  Best Steak in Scottsdale!
it felt like fresh mexican food was a first for me. you can pick and choose to make tacos, burrittos, salad, and rice bowl. the ingreidents seem super fresh and the portion was huge. I wasn't that big of a mexican food fan now i am!
Garbage mexican.  Another sad copa restaurant
My cousin took me here...delicious! Get the dumplings- amazing!
Good food for a \"fast food\" joint, but not very fast. If you are on a lunch break, or have limited time, avoid this place.
Most recently had a pair of jeans taken in here. They sewed and surged them perfectly. They've done other jobs equally as well. Fast, friendly, affordable, and precise---what else could one ask for in a tailor?
Amazing Mac and Cheese Burger.\n\nDreadful Pizza.\n\n..There were ants on the table.
Had to pay for a styrofoam cup just so I can get water because they ran out of plastic water cups.
You can buy all the rest of the stuff you forgot to bring on vacation here, but you cannot buy alcohol. Boo.
One of the better buffet varieties we saw on the strip. Great lunch prices at 15.99. I loved the fact they offer Mexican, Italian, Asian, Seafood and fresh salad areas in addition to dessert. The servers were polite and quiet, it was very clean and large.
I'm not a fan. Other than one cocktail waitress the service has been RIDICULOUS.  Most of the food I have had is pretty gross, wings were ok. The only reason this place gets 2 stars is because they have free pool nights.
Am ashamed to say I have filled up my punch card, twice.  Usually get the Hook and Ladder.  But the main reason I keep going back...the magical Coke machine of Awesomeness.
Service is inconsistent at this location, I've been using them on/off for 7 years but today's was the last straw, they treated my wife with disrespect and condescending so my2cents is to find another shop.
Went last weekend with 10 friends that came from overseas and they were not allow to drink alcohol because they only have a passport and not American ID!
If you're looking to get a good haircut, then this is where you have to go. I've been going to this barber shop for a while now and they give really good haircuts. Check them out! And I promise, you won't regret going there.
Only been here once - made for a nice lunch date. need to go back.
Quick lunch-cedar grilled chicken . Nice flavor aside from the fact that 2/3 of my chicken was burnt. A small dish that is great for watching what you eat. But why do they serve charred food? That knocks Applebee's down in my book. You be the judge.
Awesome fountain show. \nBetter at night.\nAlways a different song.
Chips and salsa are my favorite here. Food and service are just ok!
Don't stay there.. Owner is rude, personal effects were stolen from my room and management said .. Go take a hike!!!\nOver $4300 of lost jewelry and would even \nTake talk to me!!!!!
As promised, I tried the thin crust pizza.  It was better than the Sicilian, but to be honest, I found the crust a little bland and tough. The pizza was ok.
This has always been a favorite place and we eat here at least 3 times a month! But-just returned to the valley and headed there for our Sunday night dinner--- and they were CLOSED! Why--what is going on? We will miss this place!
They do a great job on cleaning the exterior. But if you are looking for interior cleaning, look elsewhere. They did a piss poor job in cleaning the inside of my car. It doesn't even look they cleaned it vacuumed my back seats.
These guys are the hardest workers I have ever witnessed. They did an EXCELLENT job with our move and I 100% recommend them.
This hotel is just meh.  Nothing to write home about except for the fabulous location.  Didn't do anything more than sleep there, so I can't comment on the bistro or anything else.  A good place to stay if you can get a great rate.
the best sea food i ever had in my life!
We found this restaurant  on YELP \nwhile on vacation. Great salads-wonderful pizza. We split a large salad between 6 of us and three pizzas. We did order two appetizers and had a 2 bottles of wine. Extremely well priced. We will come back for sure next time we are on the area.
One of the better sandwich shops in the valley, and the Italian sandwich is fantastic. 'Nuff said.
Great food.\nPlenty of options!\n\nGood service (although slow at times) \n\nTheir sandwiches and Mac n cheese were my faves!\n\nFor 23.99$ per person for lunch is a great deal!
Unprofessional, rude, and like to argue. No thanks!
Slightly below average place. Would only eat lunch here.Food is average at best. Have never actually seen a chinese person at this resteraunt. Seating is very tight as they are trying to fit 30 tables into a place that should only have 15-20.
Excellent food, service. The balls are delicious & I enjoy the daily balls too... always something new. Prices are really reasonable. Cocktails aren't as fancy as other places, but they've got a decent selection. Looking forward to them carrying arsenal ciders! :-)
This is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh. They have  been getting a lot of bands to play. Especially font of the Wednesday night Blue Grass jam night. The hummus is great. The staff is exceptionally friendly and knows my name. They have a great beer selection too.
Always fantastic food. well priced and quick service. Tasty!
Great pizza and specials. Love the fact that they deliver late. Last time I ordered the driver was pretty lazy and made me meet him in the parking lot of my condo complex. I order delivery so i DON'T have to leave my condo... Sigh... Other than that the food is pretty good.
Good, filling meal. I got the escargot app and veal in mushroom sauce entree. Thoroughly enjoyable. Though, I think the waiter didn't like that we didn't know anything about tennis. lol Nice, rustic ambiance.
The food here is great! I really like their orange chicken. It's not your typical orange chicken. The kung pao chicken is also delicious. They're very friendly and I will continue to visit Big Buddha!
AZ Celebrity DJ is the best in their industry. Looking forward to including them in more events. Stephanie, Juan and Joe are awesome, their attention to detail is amazing..
At 8.95 for brunch , we thought it couldn't be bad , BUT WE WERE WRONG.  Expired cereal boxes on buffet, only regular milk, no sugar free syrup.  Few breakfast choices, lunch items begin at 10:00,we left at 10:30 and they still were not ready.
Just love coming to this friendly place. The atmosphere and workers are great! Love my black tea and organic decaf Peruvian coffee. So relaxing and comfortable.
Excellent menu (both food and beverages). Unique pizza crust making this a great place to get good pizza that's out of the ordinary but very tasty. Great tasting beers as well.  Service was very friendly!
This place is operated like a used car lot in my opinion. in my opinion they don't like to answer questions about pricing directly. In my opinion the sales people are hardcore sales focused vs listening & caring about the customer.
Tried on some of their \"fitting\" bras and ended up with a rash on my chest. Not cool, wash your stuff more often!!! Gross!!
I wonder if they charge extra if I ask for more flavor?  The Beef and Broccoli tasted like nothing; absolutely nothing!  The chicken quality is great, but all the food in general lacks in the flavor department.
Went in at 2:15 on a Friday. Cashier was very rude. I ordered a sandwhich and green tea. While the items I ordered were delicious I probably won't be back. There are plenty of places for me to grab a bite in Charlotte and would probably give me less attitude.
What can you say about this location, it's much like any of the others.  Wetzel's has one of the best pretzels on the planet, and because they are consistent, I've never found one location to be different from the others.  Service is quick and they are always hot and fresh.
This place is excellent! The love affair roll is my favorite!
Not authentic at all. The chimichanga I got was soggy and it was not worth the money at all. The only reason I'm giving the second star is because our server was great.
The one disappointment I have always have is the restaurant has lousy food and the customer service or friendly bartender wasn't so friendly
It's a great place to lounge after a great night in Vegas. Come around 8:55a, right before the pool opens so that you can get a free chair. Great music and great vibes all around and you can see the strip!\n\nDon't forget to wear some sun screen!
The worst service ever!!!!!!!  Try to get a gel nails(French ) she did it all wrong and tell me that is my fault , cuz I didnt explain it right!!! She charge me more for that!!! And it's cheeped by the end of the Same day  !!!
A DOLPHIN EXHIBIT?  Really?  Dolphins belong in the ocean, not Vegas.  This is horrible and I would never stay at a place that offered dolphin experiences.  Anyone who pays for and participates in dolphin experiences are ignorant and inhumane.  Just terrible.  Stay somewhere else and let MGM Grand know why!
Just terrible. The female answering the phone should be fired. Tried to place an order for pick up and she was so incredibly rude with a touch of 80's valley girl in her voice.
One of my favorite places in Scottsdale.  This restaurant is so quaint and beautiful.  Definitely a must to sit outside during the nice weather!  The food is fantastic, the service is superb and the setting is spectacular!  The tortilla soup and the halibut were delicious.  The Sunday brunch is very nice as well.
Great new venue at the Hard Rock Hotel. \"The next small thing\".. as they say.. and the venue is designed for more intimate bands and shows. Great  so far! I'm looking forward to seeing some great music being played!
Another fun place in downtown Mesa! Great food, great atmosphere. Love it!!
Yeah this is my favorite place in charlotte for shoes
We stayed at palazzo so got hooked up with the spa. We paid 20 for an all day pass. Loved being able to go around and try out the different steam rooms. They even have an area for you to relax and even nap in. Amazing :D
This location is evil with an evil owner named John and a useless manager named Kimberley.  I would rather watch wallpaper dry tbs. have to deal with this store for anything!!!  This location needs to be shut down.
I was pleasantly surprised by my lunch here the other day.  I had the turkey, ham and brie sandwich and it was delicious.  The service was friendly and I'll be back the next time I'm in the area.
Exactly what you expect from a Irish pub: good food, friendly staff, relaxed vibe.\n\nA few items worth trying:\n- their burgers\n- their curries\n- and their Irish Toast at brunch (French toast made with Bailey's)
Great burgers great chili cheese fries!
Long lines, crowded, and too expensive.  But...it's Phoenix in the summer, so if you get a deal (like free tickets) I guess it's worth it.  Send the kids to the lines and hang out and people watch.
Best Chines in the area. Chicago had some of the best local Chinese I've eaten to date.
I always find great deals at Kohl's.  They always have clearance racks.   That's what I'm talking about!
This hotel is so far away from the main attractions. The wait for an elevator is horrible. However, the hotel overall is pretty nice. I just dont know if I would go back because of the walking distance to the middle of the strip.
This was a toss up- I could have just as easily gone 4 stars. The milkshakes and desserts are great, however the food was just okay (yes I tried the honey pecan chicken). \n\nIt is worth checking out and I would certainly recommend stopping by for a sundae after dinner someplace else.
The car was in great shape. The maintenance light turned on when I got on the road, I was going out of town, so too late to turn around. The prices were expensive as well.
Best description would be underwhelming.
Decent bowling alley. Came here with a bunch of family over the holidays. We had a great time and the beer was cold. To be honest that's all I really care about at a bowling alley.
This is a for real Syrian bakery. The kanefeh is almost as good as you can get int the Middle East. Baklava is excellent as well. I understand they have the little middle eastern \"pizzas\" (can't remember the name). Will need to try those sometime as well.
I went there at 7:30. On a Friday, they're supposed to be open until 9, but the lights were off and the chairs were up on the table.  It would have been nice to see what the fuss is about.
Nice store and nice staff. They always have seasonal decorations which is great. Things can be hard to find sometimes since there is so much stuff, but the staff is always there to help.
Best milkshakes in CU! They also have delicious lunches and dinners at affordable prices. However, besides the milkshakes, the Courier is best for breakfast, might I recommend the outmeal with fruit.
Yummy yummy in my tummy!!! The customers were super friendly to this girl who didn't know how to order non-spicey tacos!!! LOL The Asada fries are to die for!!!
I'm not a big fan of this casino, but I have come here several times to see Don Arden's Jubilee!  Other than that, I don't find the casino to be very inviting.\n\nThere have been some renovations over the past few years but it's not enough to attract me.
I got a mushroom and I believe green chili omelette. What they did was cook up some egg whites, then pour a can of mushrooms in the middle along with the mushroom juice/water from the can. It was one of the grossest breakfast experiences of my life. I will never go back.
If you go here I would suggest trying a table and not the bar.  I sat there gambling a good 1/2 hour before one of the 3 bartender even knowledged me.  The sad thing is this is all we have in this area with any sort of atmosphere.
This is my kiddies dentist. Little to no wait time ( which I love! )\nThey're very professional, friendly and do great work. I highly recommend coming here.
Enjoyed Sunday brunch. Decor is great and love the bar area. The menu is nothing out of the ordinary and a bit pricey but you are paying for location and decor.\nStaff is young and lacks experience but friendly and amiable.\nCan't wait to try the terrace this summer.
The lettuce was brown and the owner tried to convince me it was fresh. That was after I came back to tell him that I got sick from eating there. Never going back. We
You don't go here for the ambiance but the food is all from scratch and excellent. It's a great value for very good Mexican food.
It was okay for me nothing big they have a live band. Blankets and a swing chair you can set on really chilled atmosphere.
New owners have really dropped the ball. It use to be great to wind down with some food and drink. Old owner and staff very friendly. New owner could care less. I will find a new place to go to where your business is appreciated.
The delivery was super quick but the pizza was just okay.  Nothing special about it at all, but they do offer delivery later than most places in town.
I recommend the truffle fries they were delicious. The buffalo wings were good. The staff was friendly. It was superb! Everything is always delicious and the staff was very attentive.
I've heard about the place before coming to Gilbert. \nI expected much more, but it was a HUGE disappointment. \nI don't know why this place is so famous. \nI know that I'll never visit this restaurant again. \nI would rather go to Famous Dave's.
I would give 0 stars if I could. The internet buffers and is not the speed advertised. They also have the most incompetent customer service and sales staff I have ever spoken to. After having current issues with my service the last thing I want is an increase in my bill and more services. Hello century link
Nice place to stop into for a beer.  Cheap drinks and friendly service. A mix of regulars and tourists. Occasional live music at night.
Great hotel. Cheap prices, clean, friendly staff and front desk.\n\nSpecial thanks to Adam and Samuel for being great concierges and giving us great recommendations on where to eat at night and good nightlife spots.
Postino is that perfect weekend brunch spot. If you have a random Thursday off of work and want to grab lunch by yourself, this is the perfect environment. Great bellinis on the weekend mornings are the best way to start a day of relaxing.
Love that In-N-Out. Fast food normally makes my skin crawl, so I extra super duper love this place since everything is yummy tasty and (although I'm reluctant to research too deeply), from what I know, nothing in their ingredients would make me wanna vom. Cool!
Great location great quality food that is always hot and fresh.. Generally this chain is the cleanest most sanitary you can go to so\nQuality is never a question here... Plus the forces always stop and eat here which i guess is another good indication
No conch fritters - no crab sandwich (they took them off the menu) and no Buffet music - Jimmy what the hell? Extremely disappointed on this trip, sure we'll be back, but come on Jimmy!
Came here during happy hour and the service was horrible .  They were all chit chatting and no one bothered to help us or take our order for awhile . It was slow and like no one cared .  The pizza was ok at best .  I will not be back.
Beefsteak is fabulous, a little bit noisy but the service is very good
These guys are off to a good start in the container park which is a must see. They were out of a few things that I wanted to try and could have been a little more friendly, but it is a cool build out and they have some decent wine and eats.
Nice place but the food isn't consistant. :( too bad because its a really nice place to have our date nights.
Stopped in for a quick lunch. The bread they use in their reuben is particularly good.
The food was ok but it was not worth the two days I had to call out of work because of how sick I got from it. Eat at your own risk.
I normally dont like beef ribs becuase they are tough, but these were the best ive ever had
Somehow this one is the lesser of the PF Chang's that I have tried.  Normally PF Chang's is 5 star.  This one seems to try hard but doesn't quite reach the upper ranges than some PF Chang's I have visited.  Take out is a plus, with good take-out parking spots reserved.
Cute little place. Flavor selections are okay. My husband got a banana split. It comes with all vanilla ice cream, nuts and a light spread of chocolate syrup. Everything else that should go on a banana split is an extra .25 per topping. Not my idea of a banana split. Don't bother.
This place just opened, its a great addition to Gold Canyon.  We had the shrimp scampi (with a cup of amazing french onion soup) and the broasted chicken. Everything tasted awesome; we will definetly be back soon.
This place has some great seafood. It is definitely expensive but you're eating lobster, oysters, crab legs and sushi! The service is outstanding! I would recommend it to any seafood lover!
This store is much larger than I anticipated.  As a runner, I never knew they sold running shoes & gear.   The staff was helpful and the store was well organized. If I am needing my favorite shoes (Altra Running) I will be going to LV Cyclery, for sure.
I agree with those who say this place is overrated and overhyped.  Good, not great, sushi and the prices are high.  The upside is the selection of high end tuna, the downside is they are often out of one or more types.  A good place to be seen around Madison.
Great pizza-wood fired!!  Nice little west valley hidden gem!
Best thing is they accept credit cards in the self wash lanes so you don't need a pocket full of quarters! AND they are open 24 hours a day
I really would not consider myself a fan of this type of music, but, dang, I was loving every minute of this production!  I still don't really like the genre, but would go back in an instant!  Fantastic job and a fun storyline keeps it rolling right to a really great ending.
very disappointed. my steak was burnt and it wasn't great.
I think I'm in love. Seriously. Raising Cane WHO? The Grilled and Fried strips were my favorite. AMAZING! The baked Mac n Cheese was like Velveeta on crack. The garlic toast mmmmmm . Wish it wasn't so far from my house, but well worth the drive!
Portions were huge!  We ate it all though.  That must have meant the food was tasty.  My wife and I shared one dish, The New Mexican Platter.  We also enjoyed the prickly pear margarita.
Onoki has left the building! Shut down.
The Thai Ice Tea lacked flavor & watered down. The Chicken Fried Rice was good and the Walnut Shrimp was okay.. I don't think I'll be coming back. The service was good :)
The sushi is ok, the bento box is good, but the service is suuuuuuper slowwwww. I would suggest skipping unless you have a serious hankering for 30 mins for your simplest meal
Love their platter w fresh mozzarella, basil, olive bread and prosciutto, sooo good. One of my favorite meals here in AZ. Service sucks tho, servers can be rude and inattentive.
Best bar Charlotte! All are welcome. Very classy and great beer selection. Wine bottles can be purchase.
Eh... It was ok. I had heard that it was better than In and Out so I had to try and I was not impressed at all with it. Big burgers, light flavor.
STAY AWAY from this location. I made an appointment and arrived 15min early and waited for over an hour after my SCHEDULED appointment before i just left.
don't waste your time!!!!! The have like- 10 things to choose from. I filled up on salad, & dessert instead of eating the other crap they had.
It's not bad, but there is nothing that stands out, either. Breakfast was fine, but expensive. Service was fine. It's okay if you are staying in the hotel, but 100% NOT worth a special trip.
Great pizza and wonderful staff! I love their house italian dressing for their salads!
It was the first time I ever came to this location, and not gonna lie, it smelled like sewer! Bad day, perhaps? But oh well, it's KFC and I love me some fried chicken.
Great atmosphere. Great decor. Great nail techs. Great prices!! Just opened recently and they are amaze. And they have a great variety of polish to choose from. I think I found my new nail salon!
The staff was very friendly and they went above and beyond to find my friend and I a seat. Great music and friendly atmosphere. .
Bit too expensive. Their buffet is good, better value than ordering individual entrees. Disappointed with their desserts or lack of it on the buffets. Unfortunately they seem to be the only Indian restaurant around North scottsdale. Good for them, they may survive.
We ate here after seeing Ka and had a great meal! The fried rice was wonderful and we also had some great sushi here. The price was great too for the amount of food we got! We will definitely come back if we stay at MGM again.
Absolutely love this place! Great prices, great staff, nails always look great. I've been getting my nails done for years and this is by far one if the best
Came in for dim sum. Food looked like it was left out over night. Some food were room temperature. We were starving so ate it anyways.  We had diarrhea that night and following morning. Never again!
Got there on Monday night, and their commercial side of their business had all the washers and dryers being used by them.  Had to find another laundrymat rather than wait for an hour.
This restaurant is awesome.  I have had the fried chicken, curry and meatloaf and they are all delicious!  All the sides are just as good and you can't beat the price.  This is definitely a place worthy of repeat business.  Lines can get long during lunch but the wait is worth it.
kinda slow in my opinion. \nthe guys that strap you in, and send you off, and catch you are pretty nice though.
place is awesome.. just tell them what you like and let them figure it out.. it works well.  If you're really picky.. just go to a strip casino buffet instead.
Just about the best Chinese buffet I've had. Mother in law didn't like the ribs but we all liked the rest of the food and service was wonderful.
OMFG The food here is outrageously delicious and fairly priced for the unique ways they present the humble burger. \n\nAlso, save room for dessert -- specifically their Maple Bacon Milkshake.
Stopped here tonight and got an order of curry shrimp to go. The place looks like a dive but the food is really awesome. The sauce was really delicious and there was plenty of food for me to have all I could eat and share a bit with a friend. I will definitely be going back to try some more items!
Two small rooms that hold the poker tables. Often filled towards midday and past with little mini-tournaments, the atmosphere here is fun, albeit it can be filled with locals at times, and so going into one of those games can leave you a bit high and dry.\n\nThey do have high hand bonuses, which is nice.
Very busy, but plenty of food choices and generally not much problem with late flights.
Was disappointed ordered a cup of soup and the styrofoam cup was barely half full. Barely got a good taste. Please fill up the cup at least!!
This is a cute little restaurant.  Nice musical ambience but sometimes a little too loud.  Food is good and the combination meals are priced good.
don't be put off by the location in an ugly industrial park.  inside the restaurant is very nice and we really enjoyed the food.\n\ni had one of the skillets and it was quite tasty.  i would definitely come back, and recommend it to anyone looking for breakfast in northeast phoenix area.
Nice restaurant and the food was really good, but the service was horrible! Our waitress was rude, and forgot part of our order after she took forever to bring our food out
I'm a big fan of mc d's but I was expecting more when I saw pork chop biscuit what a fail.
This place is so amazing. Music was great (hip hop and house) and overlooks the entire strip. \nDrinks were cheap and the crowd is great looking. I wouldve given 5 stars is the promoter (Kevin angles) wouldn't have lied about getting in for free
One of the best fine dining Turkish restaurant. The chef must have tried hard to please customers with all the special dishes. Lamb chop was so delicious and they even have full bar with Raki and Turkish vine. Would love to be back again next time when I visit Montreal.
ONLY good for drinks, food is very bland & unappeasing how can anyone go wrong with a Philly cheese steak??? will not be returning!
Do NOT buy the Groupon for the JCPenney optical department.  It's NOT a good deal.  It's just to get you in the door.  You can't buy a reasonable pair of eyeglasses for the Groupon price.
I have eaten at the  W. Flamingo Road location several times recently. Each visit, I tried a different dish. After trying five different dishes I feel it's time  to write a review. Awesome! Each new dish I try is as good as the last. Very clean, usually quiet, comfortable atmosphere. I highly recommend this place!
Love coming here. They have a lot of cool M&M products to buy and all varieties of the candy. They also have a lil theatre that runs short films in.  Cute place to go and 4 levels of exploration.
I had a horrible experience with two extremely homophobic employees making fun of my son because he was dressed as a cat for Halloween. They made comments saying it was 'gay' and 'just wrong' for me to have bought him such a feminine costume. Absolutely repulsed by my service here and will never be back. Do not give them your business.
This place sucks and it's boring.....don't waste ur time, you'll be disappointed lol
Took the little guy in to pick out a new book since they have a great sale aisle for kids. He found one that of course had wheels on it and we were off to shop..I love this Borders more each time I visit!
I have tried a couple of dishes here, and I find Chicken Stir-fry the best!  Vegetables are crispy, the sauce tasty, and chicken tender!  Just perfect!
Coffee isn't locally roasted tastes bitterly old, atmosphere is okay but if your okay with folders go for it!
LOL, the new place for \"People Of Walmart\". It's a larger, cleaner version of Food City. Some strange characters shop there. Affordable though. Bag your own stuff.
Used to be good.The last few years this place has really gone downhill. The food is very bland, no taste what so ever. Taco bell is preferred over this place, and many of the locals will tell you that it is not good like it used to be.
Great salad bar and service, but everything else is terrible.  Do not waste your money!!!
I really like this place.  The gyro meat is fresh.  They cut it right in front of you.  The gyro has a really good flavor.  I ordered extra tzatziki sauce and I didn't regret it.  The prices here are really cheap.  I would pay more for what they offer.
The food is very good here but the prices are a little steep for breakfast.  It is nice to have a good breakfast joint in Moon Valley.
Food was okay, nothing to brag about. Miso soup was good, Ginger salad was a miss at it was served with a Ginger Mayonnaise sauce that was basically Mayonnaise. I ordered the chicken teriyaki which was basically a chicken breast smothered in teriyaki sauce. I've definitely had better for the price.
its walking distance for me so sometimes i break down and have a beer on their porch, but the service is generally awful and dont even think about eating there.
I wouldn't come back here again especially for the price. I've heard great reviews about this place. But the only thing great about this buffet is the crabs! The rest of the food was BLAH! - J
Did not like the food, pancakes not cooked through, counter service for breakfast. This place was horrible!  Won't be back
Of the top places for nice bought racks, great bodies, and a decent routine: Las Vegas\n\nOf the top places for high entry prices, fancy luxury clubs, and walking out the door because you're too poor to buy more than one drink: Treasures, Las Vegas
The worst of steam table food:  mostly tasteless and dried out.  Pricey for bland stuff.  The pizza was fresh but was on a terrible crust and had no taste.  There are so many better choices nearby.
We have been patients for years. Great office, dr is always very thorough, staff are helpful and office very clean. Me and my family are happy with this office and always return.
I enjoyed La Unica, but I was disappointed they did not have alcohol. I really was in the mood for a margarita. The service wasnt great but ok. One salsa was hot and one mild which we quickly found out. I had the pollo quesadillas Mexican style.  The food was good and cheap.
This location is horrible. Slow! Slow! And slow! Do not come here in the morning. Drive thru not set up well and winding through the entrance.
Very conveniently located-just down the street from South Point Casino & Grandview Resort.  The Wells Fargo Bank and Wal-Mart are next door.  The services rendered here are great.
They suck period! Waited in line for an 1hr just to be told I needed a utility bill (I'm local) to be able to rent a car! Bad customer service! If I could put Zero stars I would!!
$33 cover charge, $50+ dollars for 3 mixed drinks, the atmosphere is great very big but thers only 1 stage it doesnt make sense, i wouldnt visit this place more than once its not worth the money you spend
I went here for a family lunch and was pleasantly pleased. We ordered a pizza half veggie and the other half cheese and I was in Pizza heaven. The service was fantastic and they have beautiful outdoor patio seating. If you haven't been here check them out!! Not to mention they have cool beer specials!!!!
Subpar and Bland cupcakes. Much better can be had within 2 miles of this place. Keep looking.  $3.75 or a single cupcake!?!? LOL\n\nTry The Coffee Shop or Designer Cakes
Food was great and the servers were great but the manager was rude and unprofessional.  Sorry but Vegas is full of great places to eat so we will not be returning.
Nothing great about this place. Terrible rice, which makes or breaks sushi. Unfortunately the fish had a fishy taste and smell. Service was great.
Very very very very loud during weekend nights. I can barely hear what ppl sitting across the table is talking about. French onion soup is THE BEST I ever have. Dessert crepes are better then entree crepes to me.
Easy Movers are the best. I was very skeptical about my movers. But these guys are very professional and extremely hard working. What I admire is how caring they were with our personal possessions and belongings.  Thank you EM.
The FARM BURGER was seriously average, nothing to rave about. \n\nGo for the CHILI HOTDOG instead!\n\nThe MAUI ONION RINGS are a must!
Best dentist ever!! Recommend to anyone! Doctor Katz is very funny and kept me calm the entire time. People who hate the dentist will feel safe, for doctor Katz Is very gentle and kind :) 10/10 and front desk service is amazing!
Love the place\nLove the food\nLove the servers\nFriendly and a fun place \nWould return again and again
Overpriced for the quality of food we had.....Chicken was bland along with everything else we had. I don't think we would give this place another chance.
The place is nice as it is decorated with interesting fish in fish tanks all over the place. The service here is horrible. The waitresses are rude. The food is nothing special and super expensive. Do not recommend, especially if you have kids that hate waiting 30+ min for their food:/
Food was average, but paid double what we thought it was worth.\n\nThe bread they brought out initially was so crunchy we couldn't cut it without it cracking. Had to ask them to replace it.\n\nAlso $5 for a bottled beer...
The service part person was rude and had a bad attitude.  We will go to the Internet for parts next time rather than making the drive. The two stars was for the nice selection of things in the store.
Great atmosphere. I really loved the live piano music as we ate. The food was amazing! The bread was perfectly garlic and the lasagna was probably the best I have ever had. If you want amazing classic Italian then I would definetly come here.
Fast and quick! great little place to stop for lunch if you work in the area. Friendly staff and great prices you will get a bang for your buck with their lunch specials. Plus, don't forget to pick up one of the frequent buyer punch cards for free food! This is one of the better azin dives in the area.
It was my first time here and they did a great job on my car. I paid half the cost to clean my car here, compared to other car wash places. If you want to save money and go somewhere affordable and still get the same quality service then go to Wash Wizard Auto Spa. I highly recommend this place.
I loved the ambiance and the outdoor patio at night. Our waitress was super nice too, but honestly, the food wasn't anything special. Everyone raved about this place but my chicken was dry and didn't have much taste. Same with my boyfriend's steak :(
Good place to grab a drink at the bar at the Cosmopolitan.  The food menu didn't look that impressive, but the wine list was quite nice and decently priced, for Vegas.
I'm not even that big of a Michael Jackson fan and this show blew me away. I think the production leaders, crew, and actors did a wonderful job; this show is a great blend of cirque charm and MJ style. I'm not surprised that this show is practically sold out every single performance.
Secret Garden is truly a Las Vegas treasure. It's for people of all ages. I love the dolphins and all the animal. It's a must see, really take your time and enjoy every minute of it.
Great sushi joint.  Clean, fresh, tasty fish.
Do not eat here! Food poisoning went to emergency room! We were so excited to eat here the food was good on the way \"in\" but went to emergency room for food poisoning do not eat here!
I went one time for alterations on three pairs of dress pants and I will not be returning.  The pants were hemmed too short and after first telling me they would fix them at no charge (like any reputable place would), they agreed to fix them at half price. Thanks for nothing.
The food was good, but the bad service really ruined the entire experience. If I go back it'll be to pick up my phone order since the establishment shows priority to those doing so.
nice place to dine out.staff are friendly.food is not that great but im good with it would recommend to others
Great location in the downtown area, great coffees, super nice staff. Did I say I thought it was great? Yes, I did. . .
Great food.  Plates are smaller but it is worth it.  Taste is good and the atmosphere is relaxing.  A great place for lunch as well.
I completely agree with the other comments. I am not familiar with Mike but there is a women who I have to interact with every time I have to mail an ebay package and she is just terrible. I will update this post once I find out her name. Overall terrible customer service in the post office portion of the store.
If you're looking for a peaceful paradise getaway, here is your place. Perhaps, the best place on earth? I think so. Loved every second here.\n\nClean/ check \nRelaxing/ check\nProfessional / check \nHeaven / check
Great corner location and patio.  Nice cold beer but average food.  The short rib sliders and pretzel appetizers were just so-so.
Adventure Bicycle Company always gives above and beyond service.  The owner Bill and his staff are knowledgeable, friendly, and incredibly helpful.  You wont find a better bike shop in the East Valley.
Tried this place on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. The staff was very friendly. The place was pretty full but not so full that we had to wait for a table. Order the pulled pork sandwich and it was great. Food came out quick and the prices are the same as a comparable place. Will be returning.
Great atmosphere, awesome food and the friendliest staff in town.  We sat on the patio for Happy Hour then had several appetizers.  Everything was terrific.  Great prices as well.  This is a winner.
I love this location and the other one on 66th and Bell. This one tends to have friendly service and more attentive wait staff. Food is always great, portions always big, can't go wrong with this place.
Love the rewards card!
Two words. Boot Game. My bladder and kidneys are permanantly damaged from the amount of beer we consumed during these games. And lord only knows how many carbs I took in eating those fabulous soft pretzels they have there. I didn't appreciate this place enough when I was living in Madison.
This place is excellent, very clean, and great service. And all the barbers are friendly and pay great attention to detail. I have come here for years and have had nothing but nice things to say about this barbershop.
Yum! Place was good and adult shakes are great! Great place to hit up before heading to Marquee for the day club pool dealie.
Vanilla porter and root beer pretty tasty. Rest of the beers below par.  For the price food wasn't that great either. Wouldn't come back here again
Best egg sandwich ever!  It's on rosemary bread with avocado, bacon, tomato and is delish.  The cupcakes are totally worth the calories!
We would have given it 5 stars but most dishes were too salty.
Great food and service! Great lunch specials for under $7. I'm already looking forward to going back soon!
Rudest bouncer and manager ever!!! Definitely discriminated because of age. Will never go back here.
Absolutely the nicest folks here, the service is incredible. The food is always fresh and IMO very good. I've been going here for 5 years and the experience is consistently excellent
Larb chicken and steamed dumplings for lunch everyday for two weeks and never get tired of it!!! Plus they deliver to my shop just yards away ar Sin City Vapor 4!!! You guys rule!!!! Thank you
The pulled pork is ok. The ribs are crap. The sauce is good but very sweet. The soda is watered down. But the biggest problem is that it is waaaaaayyyyyyy overpriced. With so many good BBQ options around the valley this is a place you should skip.
Decent mexican, wonderful margaritas.
The food is delicious! I am in love with the cheesy Mac n cheese and their corn bread! It's a must!
I wish I could comment on the coffee or the food, but after waiting over 10 mins to be helped or even acknowledged by the staff we left. Will never go back how tough is it to say, \"Hi, will be with you in a minute\" but nope they just kept doing what they are doing.
Food looked good but tasted decent, but there were nats and mosquitos flying around in the restaurant so it was difficult to enjoy. I had to stop eating my meal bc they flew into my food, was very disappointed.
Super friendly, quick service, and excellent work. Prices are very competitive and inexpensive.
Much like any other IHop. The waitress was nice with the kids.
All I have to say is Mac n cheese, green bean casserole, and pulled pork plate! Get there early because there will be a wait but it's well worth it!
Visited again and things have improved.  \n\nService is quicker.  The food we had tasted better.  And they seem to be making some small decorative improvements.  Adding back a star...
The food her is better than most Chipotle in the area. The staff is always friendly and nice but there is always a line, even at 9pm at night.
Found this place on yelp and thought to give it a try. Service was good. We were well taken care of. Food was okay and way too greasy for our liking. It was overpriced for the amount of food received. Not sure we will ever return.
I've got nothing bundt good things to say about Nothing Bundt Cakes.  The lemon bundt-tini was delicious.  A perfectly moist and lemony cake, with a decedent cream cheese frosting.  Loved it.  The perfect desert for two.
Close and convenient. Never used the car wash but the staff is really good and the place is usually clean. A little over priced on some items.
Now waiting one hour past appointment time.  I like my doctor, but something needs to be done about scheduling appointments. Last time I waited close to 3 hours and I didn't even get to the doctor.
Burgers, fries tastes just excellent. Friendly staff, clean and quit restaurant I would recommend it to anyone.
Food court pizza, it is what it is. In this case, a very light and too fluffy crust that is 3/4 of an inch thick. The mushroom & spinach was probably the best choice.\n\nBut it's a food court, so choices are limited.
A bakery that does not open until 11:30 on a Saturday.  I don't get it.
I've had a few cars tinted with these guys. ALWAYS a great job and very professional. Highly suggested!!!
The liquor bust is a great deal but the deal breaker is there bartender JASON.  He is very rude, not friendly and an asshole.  I will not spend another penny in this establishment until that guy is no longer working there.
Cheap beer. Good people. Pool tables in the back and plenty of TVs. Everything you'd expect from a good dive bar. Oh, and there's free wireless.
I've used this location several times for printing and shipping needs.  The staff has always been attentive and helpful.  The self-print set-up is convenient and cost effective, even though the software is a little clunky to use if you're printing a few different documents.
Green chile pork was amazing. And happy hour all summer is awesome.
Big party store, they have everything and anything you would need for a good party;) Plenty of Halloween costumes for men, women and kids to chose from.
huge portions.  interesting drinks.  decent service.
Dirty table, bathroom, silverware and plates.  The appetizers came out cold and sloppy.  The potatoes were undercooked.  Not a fan.
One of the best meals of my entire life.  The food was outstanding and the service was impeccable.  Thank you for the experience!
Came here a few times because it was at the bottom of our apartment. The food is okay but the service could be better. Most of the time people are in the kitchen and not actually paying attention to customers. I've experienced far better service in way busier bars.
One of my favorite restaurants, Chez Vous in Scottsdale Arizona, serves Passport Coffee.  It was so good the other day that I had to know where they got it.  I will be ordering my own stash for home use, and will update this review after I git my hands on it!
I have been going here for a couple of months now. Everyone is nice and you get quite a bit of food for the money. It is made quickly, and it is always hot and fresh. It has been my place to go for a meal if I have had a long day and do not want to make dinner.
Love Wildflower.  I had the sweet potato sandwich--it was delish!  I have never had a bad meal at this Wildflower location.  They also have free wi-fi.
Good selection, well organized, friendly staff!  \n\nOn my quest to explore Pittsburgh, I stopped by Eons and ended up trying on a few things.  I wasn't really on a quest to find anything though, but I could see myself spending hours in there shuffling through all the racks.
Didn't have a chance to try it unfortunately. We waited around twenty minutes at our table and no one came to take our order but there were five servers standing around chatting at the front so we left!  Keep in mind I've worked as a server for over five years
I'm not surprised this place is closing.  The staff was abrasive, the clothing was over priced, even on sale.
The vermicelli dishes are bomb and the staff is awesome.
What's with the kids? No no no no no no
I was very displeased when I left after getting tips and gel nails. My mani and pedi together cost $120. within 3 days 3 of my nails broke off and 1 is split down the middle. I've had my nails done many places and this has never happened. Don't waste your money!
Limited Sushi menu, price point on the hibachi is high for the portion size you get, and the katsu was fatty and rubbery.  We were the only ones there yet the waitress was slow to respond to our requests.
Very pricey for what you get. Only ok service. Sometimes staff is a bit rude.
This place is delicious and reasonably priced. I rarely go to LV, but when I do return I will hit this place up again for lunch or dinner.
Great mexican food!  I had Tia's enchiladas and my partner had the braised pork.  Both were delicious.  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because the guac was just okay.  We were both incredibly pleased with our choice.
I prefer this location over any other; the service is great, the food arrived quickly, and they don't skimp you on the wing sauce!
Waffle was soggy and undercooked. I ordered the waffle special and will not order that again. Bacon was burnt but a new order was OK. Bacon was not crisp but favorable according to my husband. They do not have much on menu for vegetarians. Also they tend to season with pepper in a lot of items.
They make their pancakes with peanut oil.\n\nWhich makes me sad, because I'm allergic to peanuts.\n\nSo yeah, until they use something else, I literally can't eat pancakes here.
Most ridiculous experience ever! Not to mention that they wouldn't let a 22 year old with a California use his own ID to purchase a pitcher of beer! The manager was totally disrespectful in the entire process, most likely because she was pregnant.
Great place for kids and families, or to watch a sporting event.  Parking is an issue.  Be prepared to valet (free) if you get there at lunch time or after 6pm.  Food is reliable and tasty.  Actually getting your food can take awhile, so order promptly.
The Delux burger is huge! I shared it with a friend and still couldn't eat it all. And the basket\" of fries was a hoot! I will definitely return!
I love their cookies. Fresh baked and $0.99 with a meal. Or with coffee. I just go here for cookies and free wifi
eww....delicious burrito......until i pulled a 12 inch long black hair from it! gross. and couldnt return it because we were already at another gate. normally super tasty burrito but not today.
Looks like Immigration Central. Hundreds upon Hundreds of what can only be Illegals getting their Obama-Bullshit Driving Privileges!\n3 Hour waits, right back to where it was before their new and improved computer system.
Best customer service and product in town! I highly recommend.
Best Indian in Madison. This is my happy place. The dining room is always filled with other happy Madisonians mowing on Indian. Maharaja - do it. And be sure to order the masala tea.
Take and bake sign was small and hard to see, out of towers , talked to staff about visiting nothing mentioned about cooking it, the establishment seemed to have some cooking facilities, but staff was no help, very poor questioner service.
Tried Ling & Louies for the first time, different than the traditional for sure. Service and food were both excellent. We tried the duck sliders,lucky lo mein rice, orange peel chicken & beef & broccoli.
I loooovvee this place. Its so nice and its cheap, but the best part its that the sushi is good! Everyone is always friendly and its a great hangout spot
This is a smoky loud dive bar... nothing special...
Went there again for lunch and had a much better experience. I would just say don't get the burger. Everything else works :)
Good and friendly service from the meat dept.- also one of the only stores that carry Seltzers Bologne.
They have M&M's and lots of it! Free 3D movies, M&M merchandise, M&M Nascar. Tourists love this place and it gets crowded fast. Best time to come is right when they open or during the day on a weekday.
Pretty good!! Got the chicken burger with some fries and the pork bao for an appetizer!! Chicken was nice and moist; also it was well seasoned. Good burger joint
I ordered shrimp fried rice ,the shrimp is not fresh . rice is burned . severs terrible . everything is so expensive! I never come back there!
Service horrible.  Don't get Orlando as waiter if you want you food to come out in a reasonable time.  Very unprofessional.  They should be ashamed.  Food was good though.
This is worst restaurant ever. It ruined my vegas trip.
I enjoy this gym but it's too packed sometimes and you can't find parking. It's either you go super early or late at night
I was not impressed with this mall.  The workers here seem to be very unfriendly and unwelcoming.  If you cant bother to acknowledge when I walk in, I'm not going to be spending my money there.
THE PLACE for Bloody Marys in Charlotte. You can literally get anything thrown in. I got mine all the way. Incredible, nuff said. Go NOW!
Had pink and whites done by Henry. He did an awesome job and a very enjoyable person to talk to. Top notch guy with his act together. Thank you very much for an enjoyable experience. I highly recommend!
Delivery is always late and food comes cold. Manager is also rude when calling to complaint.  Will never order from this place again. \"Stay Away\"
They carry kid-robot merchandise. I bought a few munny's. had a blast designing tem
So disappointed.... smallest cuts of happy hour Nigiri I've ever seen in my life.... it was kind of funny actually.
Terrible rude lazy staff. Unorganized management. Everything about this place screams SHUT DOWN THE DOORS. I would rather eat at the little mexican stand they set up in parking lots than go back there. Go to the location on Sahara... or basically any of the others.
Fried chicken was pretty good!\nGo for desert!!!\nMonkey bread + coffee! Great!
The food here is soooooooo good.  I ordered a vegetarian dish and words can not explain how good it was.  Enjoy!!!  Cheers!!!
I enjoy coming here for lunch for their value meals. Their tofu sticks is really the best, but their service can be worked on. I did not give it a 4 star because this location is smaller than the other Whole Foods and their service here isn't as great as the other stores that I've been to.
Server was nice, food was good. The ok rating is because the Sushi was good but stupid priced, hay it's not Downtown Chicago or New York $3.50 for 1 very small piece of Tuna is insulting. Good food bring your wallet.
Absolutely amazing company!!! Came out an hour after getting an outrageous estimate from another company to fix a broken spring. I eneded up saving $250 using them. The tech was very nice and explained everything that he be doing with the repair. Will use them again and recommend to friends and family.
Coming from Texas I'm a snob when it comes to mexican food.  That's why I go with 4 stars.  I've tried a lot of places in town and this place is the best place to get mexican food in Las Vegas.  The queso is bomb!
Kevin is amazing!!! He is super awesome and does nails better than anyone else I've known.   I had a full set with a french and glitter line.  I love it! !!  Definitely a return client.
VERY Delish! The Happy Hour was great! NICE place! Shrimp Scampi was AWESOME!
Easy airport to negotiate I see they enclosed the smoking areas and have slots in there s no cig smell.
This buffet is a very poor value for the high costs.  My wife & I were very disappointed with the quality of both their food and service.  There are many other options available for your buck.
Satisfying for the price point. You can't get much for $10 these days, but at Tony's you can stuff your face.  The street tacos and enchiladas verde are my favs.
I only come to Phoenix a few days a month on business but from now on I will save up my haircuts and get them at Gentleman Joe's.  Awesome place.  Very comfortable, a full range of services and arguably the best haircut I have ever received at a very reasonable price.
I went there for an event to meet new folks and it was just nice!  I had my pesto chicken wrap and it was not that really great. It has a nice enviornment close to downtown.
I cannot say enough good things about this place. This place is truly amazing and the owner is wonderful and always greets me by name. The food is delicious and the price is very reasonable. This place to me is better then Bennihanna. It's a must go to!
They offer lots of great deals including a 24-day guest pass. It tends to get pretty busy, so you might want to go in there on off hours. Otherwise, I like this place. They just need to get more machines so I dont have to go at 8 at night or 3 in the morning to get a machine.
Such an awesome place!  Went here for my boyfriend's birthday. It's his favorite burger joint in Vegas. Shakes were delish, burgers were absolutely amazing, and the atmosphere was cool!
Great atmosphere- horrible service, meals were all brought out at different times and 3 out of the 4 meals were wrong.
It's pretty mediocre Chinese, borderline not good. Would go back for the dumplings though! Don't speak great English; I love that!
My sister and I went to Miu Miu during our stay in Vegas on xmas and the experience was nothing but wonderful. Everybody there is friendly, patient and helpful.\nSure enough we came out from the store with 2 purses and 2 pair of shoes!
The drive thru is confusing to someone that is visiting and lives out of state, you can see where people have run into the concrete mini wall (that shouldn't be there) oddly placed right in the sharp curve of the drive thru line. Food was good though! :)
Great service & great atmosphere (every time for me), excellent menus and a great brunch! And the bar's Bloody Mary is delicious... horseradish, olive(s) and a strip of crispy bacon! Ask for a little spicier and a salted rim!
Our whole group was surprised at how much we liked the show! I almost always go for cirque de soleil but this was s real crowd pleaser. And he is seriously buff
They get one star since asst manager was at least nice when she wouldn't take crap Huevos Ranceros off the bill.  Took one bite. Go to buffet instead much better and faster. \n\nTook forever to get bad food. But they'll try to make it right?  Pass.
It's a fine theater and all, but yeah, I can't go here.  Sorry.  I thought the audio was a tad loud.  More importantly, the seat are just average.  I can't help it.  I've been spoiled by super comfortable seats at other places.\n\ndmo out
Love it! Great burgers and amazing service at prices about the same than a non-organic chain. It's a great concept
I just joined this club and am very disappointed in the poor management. The over head fan has been broken for over two weeks. There is no moving air amongst people running treads and exercising. Miserable. You would think in two weeks, management would go to harbor freight and purchase a couple cheap standup fans.
its fun. drinks are great, entertainment is great, i just think they shouldnt charge the entry fee.
Love this place!  We done here 3-4 times a month and the food is consistently excellent.  The wine selection is great and the new updated decor is in great taste.  The owners are personable and hands on.
The district has a few stores for shopping but the food at some of the village resturants is some of the best in town. Very open and clean with plenty of local events each month.
Woman comes in carrying a chihuaha, puts it down in the restaurant & it runs all over the place! This can't be cool with the health department. Dog didn't even have a leash or collar & was running up to all the customers trying to eat. Staff did NOTHING!
Very clean and not crowded on weekends. They do price match only with Fry's, Safeway, Albertson and Basha.
A service was alittle clogged for lunch but delish! Side of Fruits were warm but main plate was great.
Our favorite place to go for chocolate peanut butter soy milkshakes. We've been for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and everything we've gotten has been incredibly delicious. Love this place!
cool place to watch sports during the day, gets a little douchey at night.
Great family place...miniature golf, lazy river, pools.  Plenty to do to keep everyone busy.  Rooms are updated and modern.  Exterior areas are somewhat dated.  Housekeeping carts were in exterior corridors most of the day, felt that I was running into them all the time.  Location is not in the best area of town
Went here for a last minute Mother's day trip.  \n\nThey were offering a special Mother's Day menu - not impressed.
08/01/2013\nWe were there for Happy Hour, the Carpaccio was awesome, the Pizza Fresh, great cocktails exceptional service Nice Job!
Fat Elvis with Hot Fudge. Love it tender. Then go home and sleep it off. Thank you. Thank you very much.
1st time here.. interesting place. Food was good, on the small portion size. I will try it again.
Huge line and not worth the wait. If you want a greasy breakfast than this is your place... I wasn't impressed.
The food was good but the service not so much. The waitress was very uninterested and inattentive. Oh well it you want your spirits lifted or like a joyful atmosphere don't come here. This would be a good place for takeout.
The Buffet at Bellagio breaths life into you like nothing else can.  Thank you for introducing me to pesto mashed potatoes.
Why change things up?  No more Tri Color Pizza and they changed the Passion Fruit iced tea.   Agh!!!
Love love love. The appetizer portions are a WEE bit bigger here than in LA. Loved the mixed greens, shishito peppers and mochi ice cream. However, was not a fan of the lobster dynamite. Loved the ambiance, too!
Very knowledgeable wait staff to help suggest wine pairings with your meal, and the food is consistently amazing from bite to bite and dish to dish. A very romantic place to take your significant other, or just an excellent place to have a terrific meal with friends. Everyone should experience this place at least once, it's that good.
I wish I read the previous review before walking in here one night with my girlfriend. This place is a rough one to hang out in. Needless to say, our stay here was uncomfortable and short.
Lee Lee and Mekong much better. Unless you need a specialized Korean item, this store is a waste of time.
Best spot in town! Great reward program
All dishes are absolutely delicious. Most memorably, try the coconut tapioca dessert. Fantastic!
Quick service, nice staff, and relatively good food. Pad Thai, Mongolian tofu and curry was delicious. I come here rather often for pick up and I intend to continue this tradition because it is awesome!
We were on our way home from 4 nights at the Rio and ran into traffic at Stateline, so we turned around and stayed a night at here. We had a great time. Kids saw a movie, excellent poker room, and the courtyard caf\u00e9 was pretty good. Next trip we're going to stay here.
Just OK. Better options out there. Seems a little tired....Firebirds has better food and prices.
had the chicken schwarma. it was too dry.
This place is dirtay and huge. We got our freak on with some Buddha statues like Asian Madonnas. \n\nWe got in free thanks to a promoter... Shortly after, we ran into a Bay Area promoter and also met another promoter who got us into Jet.
One of my favorite spots in phoenix. Great atmosphere, friendly staff, amazing food! St. Louis style ribs and porkwhich are like high quality meth.
The food was great.  My husband loved this place.  I ordered sea bass and I got the whole fish.  Totally different from what I expected.  I thought it would be a filet like what other restaurant.  It is a whole fish without the head.  I will go back but order something else.
Went here for dinner and it was less than mediocre. Only decent food are the crab legs and prime rib.
I've been hearing great things about this restaurant for many years now. I finally gave it a try and I wasn't disappointed. The pizza was pretty darn good.
I will be making this short and not so sweet. The food was good until I found hair in it. It was more disturbing when the manager expected me to continue eating off of that plate and expected me to pay for it after only 4 bites. I will not be back to eat here.
I was here with a friend today. The food was excellent and the service was outstanding. I highly recommend this place!!!!!!\n\nThe only negative is that they don't seem to offer finger sandwiches.
The food was terrible. It was reduced down to the point where it tasted concentrated and salty. This my 2nd trip and same result both times 180.00 later,leftovers in the fridge.
I liked it bc of the coupons but it is now closed they informed me by email.
The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.  They also had a large variety of strains. I will definitely be back.
I love this place. My girl, lesa takes her time and does a really close to perfect job on my hands and feet. The owner Linda is great at remembering names and always greets everyone with a smile and bit of conversation. \n\nI can't speak for any of the other people but I highly recommend Lesa.
Horrible mismatch decor, food was so-so, salty stale chips, flavorless salsa, doughy chile relleno. Blech.
By far the shittiest bojangles I have ever been to. I dont believe anyone in there knew what they were doing. It took 15 minutes the make two Cajun fillet biscuits and the chicken was extremely raw. I would only recommend this place to someone who is trying to catch salmonella.
Always great prices and nice produce selection.  Always get what I want at best prices in town, got to love the Winco!
They got the hell part right.  One of the absolute worst places I've ever been.  Would rather stab myself in the eyes with scissors than ever go back.
Not at all the stereotypical sleazy bus station, especially compared to the one on the other end of my Greyhound trips in New York. It actually looks nicer than some airports I've been through, despite the enormous amount of foot traffic.
Food was tasteless and service was slow. We got the calamari and the Caesar salad. Definitely one of the worst salads- Outback is better. Best thing was the free bread and the view. Spend your money elsewhere
This is a great place to bowl in Vegas. The lanes are well kept and the restrooms are spotless.  Whenever I have been there I have been able to get a lane right away for a reasonable price.  The concession area is also very good; I would definitely recommend the chicken quesadilla.
Mai she can fade some hair
Sharon the cashier that waited on us was fantastic.
Good Breakfast spot in Las Vegas!  We enjoyed it over the Thanksgiving Holiday.
We take my kid here almost every time we visit vegas. He has now gotten bored from the rides, so the last time we went he wanted to leave after 1 hour and go buy toys,. lol. I personally tried the roller coaster twice. It is really food, but very fast and short. Good thing was there was virtually no line.
The waffles tasted like cardboard because of their \"secret recipe.\" The people working there were very nice though and the fresh pressed coffee was delicious! If you go here just don't get the waffles.. Also portions are huge so you might want to share!
Sorry very inconsistent salmon was once under cooked and then over cooked\nTake out orders lost and wait staff had poor attitude.  On good days food is good\nThey need to be more consistent and change attitude when they make mistakes
if it wasn't for the owners i probably wouldn't return.\nheeping plates of food with some items being really good and some not so much in a space with no a/c...
Stayed here one night while visiting Charlotte. Place is not the worst iv seen but DEFINITELY not the best. Place seems kinda old and run down....halls and rooms are smelly. Just a place to stay if you need a cheap room to get ya some.
They took forever for my order not friendly and dirty. ..they didnt come ask if we need to order something. .food not that good...I swear im not gonna come back anymore...nth compare to pho in California.
Tasty Belgian food with a Tintin theme.  A bit on the expensive side, but I really like the mussels and frites.  This place is right in the middle of touristy Old Montreal, so you probably would not want to try to drive here and find parking.
The same quality as the one on the Strip without the huge wait. Bonus! We shared a couple of hot sandwiches before going to bed, probably a good decision based on drinking all day... Not really a destination if you aren't at the Palms or staying at Palm's Place like we were. Overall, very tasty.
Good food, good prices, excellent service from Cameron. He knows what he's doing. We had the Couples Combo, 2 individual pizzas, 2 salads and two glasses of wine (hubby substituted a wine for a beer) for $25. Will definitely go back. Large pasta selection I want to try!
Love this new med spa!!! The staff is very friendly and really make you feel comfortable. They explained all procedures and answered all my questions. I recommend this med spa.
Came here on a whim when we were out in Arizona for spring training and loved it. I'm so sad we don't have more places like this in California. Every Time  we come to az we have to eat here. Both times service and food were excellent.
Been there 3 times. Good food, but service could definitely be quicker. Also I have had multiple problems when it comes to credit card charges. They overcharged me last night and a few weeks ago gave the wrong card back to my girlfriend.
I have get my hair cut here 90% of the time. \nEveryone is friendly and I do not have any complaints on my hair cuts.
Gyro salad was big it equals 2 meals for me. Most popular item that everyone I saw getting was the gyro pita meal.\n\nAnd the gyro meat melts in your mouth
Great bar. Love the location and the atmosphere.
It's great because it was a weekday and no one else was there. :)
When they have the \"additional off\" sale, this is as good of a bargain as you can get. The regular clearance is what you can get in the store so the 5 stars it for the special sales. The store is neat and well organized compared to other clearance centers I have been to.
The Colony & Sharon location closed.
Fantastic atmosphere and great food. Oysters were wonderful. Recommended wine paired very well with the food. Get a table by the front and enjoy the weather.
Bring back Tropicana Fruit Punch.
We sat here waiting for our plane to return to Brooklyn.\n\nFood wasnt too bad. My friends enjoyed the beers.\n\nHonestly, what made the place was our server Nikisha. She did a great job handling all them tables by herself.
So the store has been open for a week and its already n shambles.not enough cashiers buggies n middle of shoes etc
Great food. Kind of pricy for the portions but it is great food!! Makes you feel good about what you are eating!!
This is my second favorite mall! First is San Tan Village. Chandler Fashion Mall is very clean and attracts a different crowed from Arizona Mills. They also have a decent food court. They get s plus for having Best Buy right next store.
I miss Fuel like the\nDesert misses the rain. No\nEmo: just the truth*. \n\n\n*One of the best bloody marys in the WORLD\n\n\n(b)
Wings were not good. Tasted very bland. Friendly service though. Not too many people here. TV was way too loud for the amount of people. Not sure how the 'family friendly' fits in: it's just another sports bar with blah food.
friendly folks and unusual items. I've always found the quality good and the produce fress. I like the dried fruit and nut selection too.
The food here was great but the service was severly lacking. The waitress seemed genuinely annoyed that we were in the restaurant during a slow afternoon. As others have mentioned the prices here seem very reasonable.\nI will most likely come back here again but only for take out.
Order the Chilequilles - you will be glad you did!  \n\nYUM!!
We stayed here for Halloween 2008 and I was so pumped to go. . . but the Luxor was a total let down. Please keep searching for the hotel right for you and read the reviews. I wish I would have. This place is dirty, run down, and just. . . . trashy.
Solid Mexican in a seedy part of town.  It's a shame that Carolina's is so close otherwise I might drop by here more often.
This is definitely the best sushi restaurant in Surprise! The chefs and wait staff are the bomb! The manager will rock your world! Music is #good vibes
Took clients there for lunch, had a good lunch and left a nice tip. I left something very important and called. I spoke to the manager and she promised to mail it to my home address. I never received the item. Very dissappointed.
This is probably the best pizza I've found in Madison so far, and probably the best pizza I've had without a brick pizza oven.  I love the quality, local ingredients that they use and the service is always friendly.  This is my go-to pizza place in town.
Gas is $.30 cheaper here than in San Diego! Got to love not paying over $4/gallon.
From Norcal where we have Cheesecake Factory.  This is much better! Great service from our waitress Midori.  We enjoyed a great happy hour, the appetizers were real good and the drinks were yummy!  Best dirty, dirty martini.  Props to the bartenders!
one of those had to try places just because it's \"famous\"\n\nin short, can cross off my list..\n\ndoubt i'll come back and wait over an hour for mediocre food.\n\nnot horrible but not amazing either.
This place is very simple. The wait is kinda a bug. But if you didn't come to mess around, the Shoyu ramen is very tasty. Also had the Kimchi fried rice and the freshly made gyoza. It's a dive I would love to come back to.
Really great white mochas and friendly staff!
Delicious rolls. Ordered the eel roll and the spider roll. I used to go the the centennial location and when this location opened I was thrilled because this one is much closer to me and it's just as good, of not better.
Showed up 10 mins before opening. Guys were nice enough to let me sit inside until they were ready , and George gave me a really clean looking fade. 10/10 would get cut here again.
Over- priced for filipino food.  $17 for crispy pata, $2 for a BBQ stick.
Great place.  Brought in two jackets that were no longer wearable and now they look wonderful.  The \"alteration\" was done quickly and at a very reasonable price.  I would highly recommend.
The food at the buffet was good.  Would have enjoyed trying more of their food but not much was at the buffet.  The place was not very busy so I guess I understand the buffet being small.
A great place for take-out! Inexpensive and authentic! The owner is always there, friendly and inviting. This is my go to place for greek. Try it, you won't regret it.
Do NOT be in a hurry!  This place is crazy busy and traffic in the store is made worse by all the rubbernecking shoppers. They appease you with a good sized hot dog that costs only a buck and a half.  It's like a north American version of Ikea.
We had a groupon and decided to try it out. It wasn't hAppy hour and my draft bud light was $5. The appetizers were so-so. It's a great atmosphere and would be fun after a game.
Another great find in Las Vegas. Went here for a quick bite and was happy I did. I had the mix and match with the hot links, wings with Gritz and eggs. All was on point like easting at home (if your wife can cook) it's just good. GO HERE! You won't be disappointed.
I found a worm in my shiitake kale chicken! Never again...they actually asked if I'd like another plate...i loved this place till then. Check your produce. Tells me they don't wash before they store.
The food will speak for itself and the view is something you don't get around the Phoenix area. Read it has the top ten views in Arizona. Just go and you won't be disappointed. Hidden gem in the fountain hills area!
the best tiramisu i have had outside of italy, but the service was horrible! our waitress couldnt be bothered and then we were over charged. we waited to talk to her about out the bill, but she never came back. if i lived in vegas i would have gone back to talk to the manager.
Don't DO IT! They ARE HORRIBLE!! Stay Away!! LOOKS are deceiving...
Have to agree with many peers on the onion rings as they were great!\nThe burger was good, but not what I thought it might be given the positive reviews.\nDefinitely prefer 5 Guys burgers.
Staff is always polite and movie selection is great! Prices aren't too bad and the viewing area is always clean. Only down side is that they don't have student discounts, but that's livable
Hmm. This place was pretty lame. The food is not yummy, and I cant believe the prices! 6.95 for a kids meal!? NUTS! The food is blah and the staff is nice. \n\nI woulda rather went to Viva Michoacan.
Excellent food and ambience, a tad pricey, but it is downtown Phoenix.
Located on grand and bell my phone showed dysart and bell! Again Grand and Bell!
The employees are very friendly.  The store is small but a little dirty.  I was very disappointed that the sandwich was super thin:  3 maybe 4 thin slices of meat and 2 slices of cheese.  And it was bland.  I could have made that sandwich in my kitchen with cold cuts.  So not worth it!
The BEST!!! Love the service and the food! Best ribs in town! \nI am addicted to the BAJA salad, while my husband loves the ribs. \nWe love the outside seating.
Good buffet.  Popular place for locals. Decent selection of games.
The best restaurant in Phoenix in my opinion. The braised short rib is AMAZING and the corn bread is to die for.\n\nGreat Mojitos and Margartias!\n\nYou will not be disappointed!  Make a reservation; the place is tiny!
Terrible service just like everybody says. 12:15 pickup became 1:30. Why???? Pre booked too!! Stay away from them. Save the $13-$17 for your gambling. ZERO STARS!!!
I love this place! Very friendly staff and smiles all around! I love the fried mozzarella and calzones!! Would eat here everyday if I could!! Cameron was my server and he was excellent! I recommend asking for him as you're server!! Thanks Times Square!!
Dirty nasty gas station.  The gas didn't blow my car up, and it made it work...but the lot was dirty, all the trash bins were over-flowing..  so since the gas did pump had to get up a star to 2
Lol wtf is up with AZ and shit service?  6 people order food got 1 right!  Good job PJ.   I will say what i did eat was good but no matter its not worth adding stars.  Welcome to the jungle, your going to dieeeee!   Haha
Sara (bartender) is the hottest chick in the world!!
Pork bulgogi is good.\nFood is spicy. 3 star, for example, means heat.
Just like the other Chart House restaurants, the food is fresh and made to order plus  atmosphere really can't be beat.  If you want to see the most amazing fish tank you've ever seen, this is the place.  Even though it is an open restaurant in the Golden Nugget, the noise level isn't noticeable.
I've tried many restaurants in Vegas, and a couple months ago I stated that Casa Don Juan was my favorite. Frank & Fina's now takes that thrown. Their carne asada burrito was one of the best I've had, and their mango margarita (yes i drink those) is the nutter butter!
Very limited parking at this location. The burrito I got was ok but not very flavorful. If someone wanted to take me here I wouldn't be opposed but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
Had the man vs food  big unit it was a well flavoed hot got the last was worth its price the staff was also very friendly will definitely try to go again if I am ever in the area  again
I really like this place and have been there often.  I have always had good service, but have always sat in the bar area.  The food is good, needs a little more flavor....and is a bit over priced.  The happy hour is really good and has great prices.
Manager there has no people skills very rude and unprofessional. Will never shop there again.
What can be said about Marshall's that hasn't already been said?  It's one of those places you have to stop in just because!   I don't think I ever go there actually needing things but more to see what they have.  You just never know what you are going to find.
Ahh so good. The line is pretty crazy and they could do to have more seating/a few larger tables, though. The croque Monsieur has a long cooking time, but is well worth it. The French lavender lemonade and the pastries are quick and SO delicious.
nice hotel, good accommodations
Hideous.  Corporate. Horror.  Sound is appalling if  you're not square in front of stage. Beer is like $200. Would rather get punched repeatedly in the face than go to this dreadful shithole.
Excellent place to eat or day drink. Unique atmosphere and I enjoy the history that this old house carries. The fish and chips are to die for and so are the oysters. Typically I get worried ordering seafood in the desert, but this place always delivers fresh goodness.
Great experience. So fun!!
My smoothies are always yummy, my favorite is the Peanut Paradise, it's literally heaven after a workout and gets rid of my unhealthy treat craving. \n\nUsually understaffed though, those girls got to be stressed.
Their garlic naan is some of the best naan I've had in the valley. Their service was good and their decor was very beautiful. We used a Groupon and the meal was a great deal! We would definitely return.
Roger was professional, gave us a great perspective on all our options and wasn't at all pushy.  He was on time, courteous and did great work.... I really can't find fault with that!
The staff was all smiles, steak was\nEXCELLENT, and overall wonderful experience. The sommelier  was exceptional, too.The only reason it has 4 instead of 5 stars was the lighting, which flickered low to high for several minutes around closing time.
Highly recommend!! Everything I have tried has been amazing however, once I ordered the shrimp and grits I have not been able to order anything else.
You might miss it if you're driving too quickly, but definitely a place to try if you like ribs. We ordered a full rack of ribs and for sides we got the yams and mac & cheese. Everything was very good - lots of smoke which we like.
Ok it's the age of the Internet... No menu on line... Really?
stay away!!! rude, unprofessional, and absolutely incompetent! Save yourself the trouble and skip this \"florist\"! I have purchased flowers from many other locations throughout town, and have never had such a bad experience! Don't ruin your special occasion due to their inability to perform!
It's true that Kabul isn't really memorable. But its kabobs are good. It feels like a restaurant on a college campus should ... like it's just managing to get by. It's good food.
Deadly drinks, a chic atmosphere, and lovely ladies going up and down on a rope to dance in their go-go boxes. What more could you want?
Not a big fan of the chicken and waffles idea, but the waffles and fruit punch were good!
Basic Chinese food nothing special.   I've had better (see my reviews).\nSorry will not be back.
Parking is a pain
Its the Original and the BEST in vegas. Hands down, no comparison. I love the fact that they serve Fresh & Natural ingredients! I cant wait for these GUYs to secure a permanent location in Chinatown or Freemont Street.
My mom had a appointment at 1:30 and they made us wait over an hour just to go in.....we will never go back again ..the staff was so lazy and mean and kept saying another few minutes ...Minutes turned 10 then 30 minutes and then over an hour .
great service
Excellent venue with a fun nostalgic ambience. Best steaks and seafood in Vegas. Great wine list. I Highly recommend the Golden  Steer.
Best bakery in Pittsburgh!  Cute little place in Aspinwall.  Very friendly staff.  I love how they put everything onto a tray, and then box it up for you.  Their scones were amazing, along with their Blackberry bar.  Good coffee too....
middle of the road.  I'd give it 2.5 stars.  the shrimp fried rice was very good, the teriyaki chicken good, the orange chicken pretty blech.\n\nOverall, I'd say it was decent.  Not great, not good, but not terrible.  Just average.
good food !!! I tried combination hibachi and it was absolutely delicious.  I'm in Charlotte only for a week and I'm gonna come again.
Very nice staff. Beautiful patio seating.
Oh my goodness FANTASTIC bread! If you want any type of bread for sandwiches or today or whatever at home! We had both the Parmesan bread and the cinnamon bread and both were fantastic. Will definitely be going back; unfortunately it is just so far away :( we need one in North Phoenix.
Excellent burgers! $5 happy hour pitchers and specialty drinks as well! Ceviche was really good as well! Yum!
AMAZING, every time. They make their own seltzer for their drinks, and it's amazing.
this is the worst hotel ever. it is basically a cute motel 6. awful service. we asked for a cab to be called for us, and we were hung up on. we asked for a pitcher of water and were told that we cant order water because they need to make money.
Aha!   They finally got one Americano right!  If again, they will get one more star if they keep it up
I was pleasantly surprised wth the food and service at this place. It was definitely a place fill up and get your dim sum fix. Good price and fairly great selection of dim sum. Stop by here if you don't want to  dig deep in your wallet...especially if you've already lost most of it on the Strip.
Just sat down, everything smells amazing and service could have not been better. Can't wait for our food.
We order take out regularly here. They always get our food right. Hot and fresh and tasting just like if we were sitting at the resturant. The service is always prompt and friendly. However remend them to give utensils they ALWAYS forget. The potato soup is awesome!
Three stars because the food was good. The waitress was horrible. The service sucked. The only nice person was Troy the guest services guy. I had to keep asking other servers for drinks and for the box and bill.  there's plenty of better ones around.
The Cajun lobster roll was great. Lots of lobster and the bread was  excellent. Get the garlic fries with it. Very good too.
Staff is great and can help find select beers and wines in the store! The beer selection is much better than Lee's Discount Liquor. Beer is also organized by style, seasons, and limited release. When you go, I suggest you check out to see if they are doing any beer or wine tastings
Good lord, the Chinese food here is totally dumbed down American style because it tastes nothing like Chinese! I swear their Kon Pao Chicken pass off as dog. The only thing I dug was the atmosphere for it's supposed to be tip top classy.
We were there on a perfect night to dine with the open windows and awesome strip view!  The food and service at Giada's is outstanding.  The prices are outrageous  though.  I got lobster ravioli for $38.  They were delicious but the size of a typical appetizer.
Gambler's Special.  Hell yeah.  5 Star.
Two hour wait minimum. No sense of urgency from any staff member. Would get faster and better service from the ER. The only thing dignified about this place is its name! Go somewhere else!
I give this place a 0 on a scale of 1-10; 10 being the highest. Worst customer service. This place argued with me and wasn't welcoming at all. Although, the food might have been good enough for its pricing, I surely did not have a good expeirence.
It's a new Dutch Brothers coffee, I know it has been open for several months I've just been really family the drive-through is really tight and narrow drive, not good if you  have a big vehicle and you could go to $.99 store sprouts and Burger King all in the same parking lot
Updating my review from 4 stars to 5 stars because I'm still talking about those grits!
This is the best spa I've found since I moved here in December.  I am very picky and the girls remembered me and what I like and what I don't like. They made me feel very comfortable and welcome.  They are sweet, clean, fast and the polish last a very long time.
Great pizza! Love the thin crust. The dining room is pretty loud, but for takeout, the pizza can't be beat.
We just stopped in for a quick dinner. Great Happy Hour Selection.  Food came out quickly despite being very busy.  Our waiter Thomas was very personable and knowledgable on the menu. We will be back!
The bartender from Chicago was awful. He was rude and did not deserve our service. Overall we did not have a good experience at this restaurant and ended up using his tip on a bartender at another restaurant in the area. stay away.
This is not a place I would voluntarily choose to eat. The place is understaffed and employees are undertrained and underwhelmed. We usually order a steak but it's almost always \"Meh\". If you've got to use your comps in a pinch, eat here.
Excellent burgers, great beer selection. Nice interior, it's seat yourself and order at the bar.
Awesome tacos! The wait can be long, but overall worth the wait. I'm not a big fan of the 'different' meats offered. The steak and pork tacos are great.
I am always searching for good pizza place. This place was ok, so the search is on...
Hilarious.  Great slight of hand magic and he is very funny and great magician.
I love cuban food and everything i've eating at Cuba Cafe is excellent.  The croquettes are great and i'm a big fan of the ropa.  Sometimes the ropa could use a little more time to cook.  The cuban coffee is a nice shot of rocket fuel too.
I tried this place for the first time last weekend, and I was happy I did. The staff was super friendly I ordered the carne asada tacos, delicious hand made tortillas. Great portion sizes.\n\nI definitely wanna go back and try the other menu items
Good ambiance for a sports bar, food SUCKS! I've seen enough to finally make a generalization I guess - DON'T order a sandwich or burger at a Canadian restaurant. They all suck at making them. Instead, go with a pasta and wine the french way.
good stuff, a tad bit salty.
Flat white and rocky road ... Just what I need on a day like today! Coffee & cake will wash the blues away!  Love the place, atmosphere and the cakes& coffee
Tiffany never brought my water. I asked seven times.\n\nI was only here for karaoke.
their store has a wonderful selection of furniture and things to decorate a home. they have auctions on monday nights at 630pm and the prices are amazing and the selection is wonderful you never know what you'll find.
Another great visit as she ran out to the window, put the order in and our next stop?  The Annihilator!
We celebrated my mother-in-law's birthday at American Fish followed by the show Viva Elvis.  The restaurant was beautiful, service was great and the food was absolutely excellent!  I highly recommend checking out this restaurant!
Sadly disappointed with the quality of food. We spent $21 for two entr\u00e9es and it was really only worth about $8. The potatoes, eggs and bread were underdone
Awesome stuff!  Huge menu for such a tiny place.  Great margaritas, excellent, somewhat authentic food for a decent price.  Check the chalkboard for daily specials...they're usually real good.
Great service \nAwesome food \nCigarette borek lamb platter \nChef made special kinafe\nHighly recommend
If you're hungover: Get the chicken noodle soup! I could eat bowls for days.\n\nWe waited and waited and waited at this place. I really don't like Denny's to begin with but this was SO slow.
It was food, that's the best I can say. The restaurant had a funky smell my wife described as \"like a day care center\". The service was OK but the food was blah and I doubt we'll be back.
Maybe it was because I was getting over a cold when I went a couple months ago, but this really did not leave a good impression on me at all.  I had the falafel and it was dry, bland and fell apart easily.\n\nVeggies do seem fairly fresh, I will give them that.
Delicious chirashi and special rolls. Attentive service. The best seats are at the bar.
The most delicious freshes. Chinese food on the east side. Whenever I am in this area I already know what I am gonna eat :)
Ditto on my review of Rain
Great for watching sports but that's about it. The service is more than lacking. That's about it..Dont want to spend too much more time writing about it.
Food was very good. Fagiole had nice hint of thyme, and cannelloni was quite hearty. Decor only so-so. Staff friendly and helpful.
Food quality was very disappointing. Our medium rare steaks came out very well done, and the chicken tasted like cardboard. There are many better choices out there.\n\nOn the plus side, the mojitos were great.
I always have a good time scoping out the 99 cents store. I came up on some really good USDA approved organic food and snacks that would normally cost way more than a dollar at any other store and some resource water for .50 each. yay! savings!!!
Old school comfort food. Doesn't pretend to be anything more or less. The servers are amongst the most polite and attentive in the city. Come in for a tuna melt, leave with a smile.
The Eggs Benedict is just delicious. Their hash browns are unique and also very tasty.
After coming back 3 more times and each time the quality of food had gone down I have to remove 2 stars.
The sandwich platter that we got was like Thanksgiving wrapped into a bun. Turkey, Stuffing and Cranberry. It was great. 4 Stars LV a truly exceptional sandwich.
You can come to Vegas 5 times in a year and have a different trip every time.  Harrah's is great because it's in the middle of the strip and it's a bedroom to stay in.  If I wanted a resort, I wouldn't have come to vegas.
my favorite popcorn hands down something about it that makes it so good...\nmy favorite is the cashew popcorn
Consistently delicious.
My new favorite flavor crave. This place is definitely worth a stop on by.
the food is great, the people are monsters.  i have loads to say about them, but its really not worth talking about.  i would suggest getting everything take out.
Good food, but given the hype and long wait, I expected better.
This place is \"alright\" in my book. The basic fried rice, sweet and sour chicken and the teriyaki chicken was all way too salty. It seems like they over do it with the sauces to make up for the actual flavor if the food. \nNot impressed. We won't be coming back.
Definitely good but not as good as the original in New York City.  I liked the atmosphere much more in NYC.  Although the food was still good and the staff was really friendly.  Sometimes you just can't beat the original.
Total let down.  None of the charm of the one on Camelback. Not sure if the people who work here have ever even been to the original to understand what is all about.  Seems like every other Scottdale joint.  Yuppy, played out and lame.
This place is wonderful, but I feel so bad for the owners having to close their State Street store. I hope they continue to bring in customers with their online store.
Once you get sat down in the theater this place is great. How ever, it's a bit odd how empty it always is. And the front seems dirty and unmaintained. This should have been a 12-16 not a 24 imo.
Fabulous food, lousy music.  If you have to sit out front in front of the speakers, go to The Tuck Shop instead.  We asked and they said they were unable to turn it down.  LOVE LOVE LOVE the food, but the music keeps me from going back.
Great neighborhod bar with awesome ($2.50 pints in frozen glasses!) prices.  Hamburgers and fries are pretty decent.  Potato with chili cheese was huge (but cost more than my beer) and yummy.  Super friendly and awesome service, plus a large outdoor seating area.
The food and service are very good.  If the prices were about half of what they charge, I would give it 4 or 5 stars.  But, street tacos just shouldn't cost this much.  Last time there I had the chicken mole plate.  It was way too sweet for my taste.
The food is good, they usually give you a lot. Everything eventually tastes the same though. They do charge for everything, extra sauce to extra to-go box, which I guess is their right.
Decent Bagel, but the portion size for cream cheese is absolutely pathetic.  It might be 2 tablespoons on a whole bagel.
Love this place. The food is always consistently fresh and great tasting. My favorite lunch place in Charlotte!
Excellent pizza. I really loved the meatball pizza. \nHighly recommend.
A weird place with almost nothing in it. And all the stuff was smashed looking. What a bizarre place...
Great lunch spot, really yummy sandwich and very shareable.
I love it... they actually serve blue cheese olives for my dirrrtttty martinis!  I do believe they add a bit of an up-charge but it's worth it - throw in the scotch egg appetizer and there you have a mini-shopping snack :)
Wine selection very average, so I decided to get a beer.   Glass/beer smelled strongly of bleach and bartender got annoyed when I asked for a new glass.   WTH?
Stumbled in to find a tasty strawberry tart and florentine biscuit. Yum!
Very friendly and helpful staff. Went in for flat tire repair. Up front about cost of labor and part. Even put bike back in my car for me
Pho was mediocre at best, overpriced, and a small serving. I am not a crazy eater, but I was hungry at the end of my meal, which should never happen with pho.
Awesome customer service and very reasonable. Same day service, in before 9:00am and out by 4:00pm.
Catered my sons wedding. Prompt, courteous, excellent value. Quality liquor and wine.
Not a nice hotel to stay in. They have roaches, and it's not very clean. I stayed here for my families reunion.
Grilled veggie appetizer, not so much soggy drenched in oil as far from grilled as you can get. No flavor at all not even a pinch of salt. Pizza not great, overloaded with basil but a good crust
Had a burger it was edible. Had strawberry shortcake it was ok....overall a very mediocre dining experience
Walked to entrance and there was no one there, no one eating and just didn't seem warm at all. Maybe if I was at spa this place might have been appealing.
I have been a Jamba juice customer for years! Recently I've been coming to this location because they do half off smoothies before 10am.  The owner has decided to flip-flop on this policy that has earned them my business.  I will not be coming back, I would much rather pay full price elsewhere!
We typically go to the one at 10th st. and camelback which is the best in the valley.  We live right by this one and they have done a much better job recently.  Great spicy food.
Jean Jean the dancing machine. Will make you a jeancycle that will make all your jeans come true.
Walk-ins are most certainly not accomodated. Per the website it says walk-ins are welcome, however, when I walked in I was told they could make me an appt. 4 hours later?? No thanks, I will go elsewhere.
I'll start this off by saying the parking here is kind of a challenge at lunch time. But other than the food is really great, although the portion amount is very small. I was not a big fan of that.
This place is really good.  I have been eating there frequently since they opened, and the food has always been great!  Any issues are immediately taken care of.  Staff is very friendly.  Prices are reasonable.
Food here is okay, and they keep the selection fresh by rotating their offerings. Sunday is crab day! The wait staff are jackasses, but at least you don't need to deal with them too much. Prices on Sunday are ridiculously high, go if you're starving and can eat your money's worth.
Great drinks and food, friendly service and a modern but approachable/non-stuffy atmosphere.  I drop in every other day or so for lunch and a little pocket of happiness.  The Pines location at the SE edge of Urbana is a nice escape of a drive, as well.
I only ate here once and enjoyed is so much.  I can't wait to go back.  Its basically you can create you own pita.  The toppings are fresh and the line moves pretty fast.  Its a charlotte must hit in my book.
This place is a bit hard to find. It's more of a \"stumble upon it\" kinda place. It is locally owned and the owner, Maura, works in her place. I love that. It has art work on the wall and the food is quite delicious!
Nothing special. Bland and just ok. Our party of 7 ordered different items from the menu and we were not impressed at all. I was expecting something better from a $15 burrito or tacos.  I will not go back. 2 stars for the location!
Above average Chinese fare.  Bonus was $35 (didn't order drinks, though) for 5 people.  Amazing value for money especially in d/t MTL.
Very scary and shady vibe. As a woman, I will never come back here. A lot of standing around and staring at customers.  I felt extremely uncomfortable.
I eat here almost daily. Every menu item that I have eaten so fat has been AMAZING. I like the variety. The service is excellent. Everyone is VERY friendly. Thanks for making it a place I frequently visit.
Try the Irish Stew - ridiculously good and hella hearty.
me and a friend went there to Eat on feb 25 2014 and service was not so great. food was okay and  price of food was okay but I think its over priced for the portion of food they give you was way to little.
Einstein's back home in Chicago was great but i have been very disappointed by the Einstein's in this area. Not only in terms of quality of food, but quality of service both of them are horrid here in Las Vegas. I hate to say it but I can no longer rely on Einstein's for a good bagel breakfast.
Super elegant hotel with a modern hip feeling to it.. the food at the restaurant was phenomenal, the calamari is a must have, one of the best things on the menu! the bar turns into a late night party after hours - you'll be surprised!
They always have everything I need in stock and are more than willing to help me find it. They generally have some awesome sales going on, also.
Good for a Guinness and a couple of apps. We were there for Happy Hour, and the price was right for a break from the New York New York gaming floor.  We didn't get further than the bar area, so this review has nothing to do with the rest of the restaurant. The potatoes with 2 curry dipping sauces were delicious!
Superb. Great steak and frites. The salmon too. Carrot cake that is the best. And we tried the beignets too. A delight. Cinq etoiles.
I really need to try some other sandwiches that they offer but the Paul Reuben's is insanely good!!! Gotta have it on the Dutch Crunch bread.
I love their shrimp quesadilla that has onions and cilantro! Also their breakfast burritos are the best!
Still four stars. Earlier, I said there was a (semi) good football team here in Charlotte. I would like to amend that statement & issue an apology for misinformation.
I win! I've seen way more elaborate mini-golf parks, this had no flash nor flare. Employees are nice, but for vegas this complex could use more than the overdose of neon lights and glow in the dark one level attractions. Sounds kinda mean but i know its true.
Patience is required as they take their sweet time and it isn't even busy. It's been 30 minutes and I don't know that they'll be done soon. I would come back because it's cheap but definitely not during 'rush' hour.
Ribeye was alright, needed more salt and pepper.  Green beans were frozen, some were warm and some pieces were cold.
I love their sandwiches. .I am from los Angeles and we have nothing like it..the staff and food were perfect
this place is nice and clean, open 24 hrs. the food is good. also check out saigon8 I think they are a bit better.
Overall, this place is pretty decent. Not too bad. I just felt like the food wasn't as authentic as I thought it would be. But it was satisfying and if you're craving some quick filipino food on the go, I'd say this isn't a bad place.
You can't be bothered to bring us water or ask for our order or even stop by at all for 15 minutes? Seriously? Then you seat other people and offer them drinks? Um yeah, no. The service was intolerable, and I'm writing this as we walk back to our car. Off to find local Italian!
RUDE ASS immigrants with no people skills work here! Don't bother going here cause they aren't much help. And everything in their little shop you can get anywhere else for ALOT cheaper!!
Awesome!!  Great food! Great vibe! Great service!\nI highly recommend happy hour for $1.50 mini tacos.  They were all great, especially the shrimp and halibut.
In a pinch, this will have to do.  I usually prefer the mom and pop pizza joints as they have time and again proven they have better pizza.\n\nWe were in a time crunch and starving and this was the only feasible option.
This place closed that sucks I'm hungry and now I'm stuck driving to Yama sushi or the Decatur location for makinos
Food was good, had the pretzel fondue, wings, sliders & burger,  but you better have allot of time because the service is SLOW to almost stagnant, it was not even that busy... Won't be going back for some time.
Amelia was recommended to us for hair and makeup for our 1 year anniversary photo shoot for me and she was fabulous! I have never felt so beautiful in my entire life and I am a retired beauty queen! She was so much fun and felt like I had known her forever by the time she left!
This store has closed along with the one in Henderson, NV.  Only two locations remain they are in New Mexico and Washington.
My 2nd city.  And one of my favourite sports bars.\n\nTVs everywhere, great beer selection from the locals like East End to the harder to find in bars like Lagunitas.\n\nOh and shuffleboard.  As far as I'm concerned no greater drinkin game.  Write that down .
Yummy! Don't let the location deter you, Lao Thai has great food! The drunken noodles are delish, as is the coconut soup!
always an excellent choice
Dr. Jones was very friendly and understanding!
Not a huge fan at all.  The hours are actually inconsistent, and they do not have a business line which makes things very frustrating.  They also are understaffed most of the time.  Not a good experience.
douche bag / meat head / christian audi gay / rhinstone / silver and gold foil all over my shirt / affliction / mr everyone is into mma / fuckin mo hawk / capital v neck central !!!!!!!
I have been wanting to try the brunch here for awhile now.  We got the Chilaquiles and Croque Madam.  Both were very tasty.   The people next to us had the fried chicken which looked devine!  Excited to go back and try it out!
$17.50 for a serve yourself bean burrito, 2 flavorless fish tacos and 2 sodas. Too much for boring food and no waiter service.
I spoke with the owner on the phone and he could not have been more helpful. He listened to my problem, offered advice and gave me a resource to call. Then told me to call back with any questions. I will definitely be calling him whenever I have plumbing needs.
I used to love this place but they downsized the menu and it does not have a lot of options anymore. It's not a place you want to have a nice quit dinner either because it is very loud! The waitstaff is nice and does a good job taking care of you.
This is place is so relaxing and cute! This is a great spot for college students to study through the late hours of the night or just hangout. Did I mention that the food is delicious? We ordered the honey toast and my mouth almost died and went to heaven. Enough said.
CLOSED!!!!\n\nIt is close to work, so I went back had a hot ham and cheese it was quite good and the service was much better.  Tried to go back again last week and it's closed.  No sign, emptied out.
Mediocre at best.  Poor wine seletion & quality with small 4 oz pours and the caprese salad was forgettable because it contained salty canned artichokes.  Pizza was OK, minestrone so-so.  Will not go back.
So heads up I used to work at this location and still know many of the managers and associates from sales, business office and mechanical side. Theres been many new faces added since i've departed but they are friendly as expected. I'll always bring my car here for an oil change since the mechanics are upfront about your car.
Very strenuous hike at times, but that gives you that sense of accomplishment! It's so cool to make it all the way to the top and look down on the whole city. Beautiful views!
OVERPRICED. Watch out for the losers with tall socks and flipped brims :)
Came here again for happy hour for a quick business meeting and found it growing on me a little bit - the food was better, service was better, etc. Overall, a nice experience.
They are dishonest about their prices. They claim its 9.95 a month but it cost  $100 to activate your account. The first month of the year they  charge you $49 for a price guarantee fee. This happens every year and they never tell you about it.
These dumplings are amazing. Get them with the works!  If you can't make it downtown, you can also get them at Oasis Cafe in Fitchburg.  Say hi to Paul.
Very good white pizza;   good bakery dessert items.  First time trying the place.
Townsquare is amazing. It feels like you are walking thru the streets of New York. The atmosphere is amazing. Right now they have a beautiful christmas tree and Santa. There are always activities for kids to get involved in. Always a must see when we come to Vegas
5points was the listing agent in my recent transaction.  I have emails in which Mr. Wilson promises to stand up to his commitments, but of course he did not.   If you are a buyer, stay the heck away.
He is an idiot! Why... He went out of business and we miss that guy. Errrr! Heard he moved and boy oh boy it's even worse.  He needs to pick an area where he can strive.
Neat & clean. The Bbq had a sour background taste. Slaw waaay too pungent. Brunswick stew was only a spoonful & had a slight burned taste. Hushpuppies had a dark flavor. Worst meal I had in months.
Food was great, pre- dinner bread and sauce was fantastic.  I ordered the baked meat ravioli is was very flavorful and lots of cheese on top, just the way I like
Blackened Fish Sandwich with a side of collard greens is my new favorite dish. They always have the local brews on tap.
Love this place!  Huge effing burger for a great price!  Delicious options!
This is the most consistently badly provisioned Jamba Juice I go to. Better have a second and third choice in mind due to lack of main ingredients.
Ridiculously fast service. BUSY! Comfortable seating. Great menu selections. Wifi.
Tried for lunch on a Tuesday with six. We got great service from Jason and thought the food was great too. Jerk chicken and the tofu were spicy and flavorful.  We would visit again
The best Mexican food we have had outside of Cabo.  And very reasonable prices.  The best meal we had in Vegas.
Food is somewhere between average and good.   I don't think they will go above 3 stars in my book until they clean the various hardened food splatters off the wall where you sit and eat lunch.  I will have to try the bubble tea and perhaps food to go next time.
This place is awesome.  The best freshest, organic food you'll find in/near Scottsdale and Phoenix.  It's yummy and so good for you!
Nasty place to eat, bad service, hair in my food, forgot appetizers, use to eat here a lot, it is bad now. Sickening hygeine.
Worst General Tso's Chicken EVER!!!  Mushy chicken, awful sauce!!  Had the worst stomache ache followed by explosive (you know what) 1 hour after eating it!!
Buffett with five standard but very flavorful dishes. Great value and very filling. We are very lucky to have such a nice restaurant in Charlotte. Tucked away in a strip mall; you almost forget about this unless you crave Ethiopian. Take out-of-towners who want to try something new, and are open-minded.
The food is so - so, but this is not a place to come for the food.\nIts more about the  beer and the servers walking around in their bikinis.\nLots of TV, lots of dudes.. I guess we are all here for the wings... NOT..
Frozen fried chicken and canned green beans. Soggy peach cobbler with cheap ice cream. The place is cute though. Maybe breakfast is better.
Overpriced, mediocre food and phony.  The wines are OK but somewhat pretentious.  If you want really good food and good wines, go up the street to Hillstone on Camelback.
First sushi place I tried in Scottsdale with my gf.  To be honest I was nervous about the whole sushi in the desert situation.  Luckily I eventually found a few better places but the price and taste combo made Hiro sushi 2 stars easy.
Food is great and one of the best atmospheres in LV for a restaurant.  Check out the nightclub after dinner!
Service was good, they put the game we wanted on screen, however the food wasn't great. It's like the wings had been sitting under a heat lamp for a while.
i came for a weekend to celebrate a bachlerotte and decided to come in and get my nails done. i absoulutley love them ....this will be my to go place every time i go to vegas now ....
By far, the friendliest Chipotle I've been to. Awesome staff, above and beyond service. Thank you guys for being so awesome here!
Pretty good restaurant.  Waiter was fantastic.  Right in New York, New York casino.  Food presentation was good - atmosphere good.
I love all of the sharp edges, but this is by far the best. They have a ton of good beer.  I would give it a 5, but the beer prices are too high.  Get one of the burgers, they kick ass.
Goin to win mega bucks! my favorite hang out!
This place is horrible! Came in to the curbside service and it took about 10 minutes before any one actually helped us, then another 40 min. to get our food. While we were waiting one of the cooks dropped a spoon and then put it back into the food container. I will never go here ever again!!!
This place is a great new bar in the Town Square complex. Friendly staff, decent bar food, and great deals on drinks. Goo spot to watch the games as well. Ask for Kris Mo at the bar.
The food and service was great at Fleming's. I would go back to it again.
Incompetent staff, glitchy new technology, and three hour wait times. Get ready to bend over. It's the greatest display of local government incompetence.
HORRIBLE PHARMACY!!! If you are in a hurry or in no mood to wait for your prescription, DO NOT COME HERE! Told me 15 mins and it's been 40. Still counting...
Rio's management is horrible. We were place in a suite that's above a restaurant and we can smell fry foods coming out of the  restaurant vent. The worst part is the manager doesn't think it's a big deal. All  our clothes smell like fried foods. I will never book a room at this dump again.
Really poor service and way overpriced. You could make much better choices.They do not keep to a high standard of service.\nThe rooms are not worth the money.
Love this place, their coffee drinks ROCK (esp. the Cafe Roma!) and their sandwiches and salads are TO DIE!! Awesome joint!!
I really like this casino.  I was informed it is the only one in Vegas that has a completely,  separate,  non-smoking room. I tell you.  The air is cleaner in there. I think it is filtered. \nThe hotel is clean and inexpensive plus, you can walk to an awesome antique store that lasts forever.
The  hostess is a honey, foods just above average, annoying having to wait in line without a menu to read.
***This restaurant has closed.***
Genuine caring professionals committed to your success! An incredible transformative experience.
Awesome priced food and drinks ... Love it!!!  Best fish and chips ever! But they only serve the fish and chips on Fridays. Chicken tenders and the chicken sandwich are awesome too :) It has become my fave dive bar to go to with friends or even alone
Avoid it if you can!
Good food, friendly staff.
Not good at all!!!!  It's beautiful, but don't be fooled by that.  Nothing was that good there, it was edible, but nothing great.
food is tasty. \n\nserver was creepy. i'm pretty sure he was making fun of the way i spoke. RUDE. =/\n\ni won't be back,
Probably the best place in the Sands Convention Center to grab a quick bite to eat (that is if you don't want anything extremely greasy and salty). Try the panini that is made with tomato, mozzarella, and pesto. Pretty good for food court food.
Me and my family had dinner at Thai food to go. Great food. Good service. I strongly recommend. So full and happy :-)
Have had trouble finding good sushi in the area, so I was really happy to find this place. I will definitely be going back. It's a little expensive for dinner, but they do have a good happy hour and you get what you pay for.
A small intimate restaurant in Old Montreal with excellent food! This bistro also has a private room whereby you can host a private function! I was here for a private event with our sales team & enjoyed the quick service, attention to detail & the extra add ons. Good wine list as well! Definitely a great place for business or pleasure!
If you want Bruschetta, Pizza, and Sangria then this is definitely the place to go!
This was a huge let down!! It's in terrible need of a MAJOR cleaning which made me wonder how dirty the kitchen and prep areas were!! We will not be going here again
Such good ice cream! They have delicious cookies and you can make your own ice cream sandwich to order. I got two scoops of ice cream and four cookies for less than $7. That's a great price compared to other ice cream shops. I will definitely come back again and again
went to your web site around 8:30 on Fri to see when you guys close. you guys need to put hours on your web site. had party of 11, but no hours. went to another restaurant. but i do enjoy your food.
Love this place! Lunch with clients, or lunch with my husband. Has been excellent every time! Try the Settebello Special, it is the best. Fresh ingredients, great crust, and the flavor is amazing.
Very good food at a good value.   4-star rating due to dining area, very generic.
The selection is amazing.  So much better than Home Depot.  Ask for Johnny Jlauzun. He is awesome!!!! Very helpful. Johnny takes the time to help you find what you need.
Not the worst Korean food I have had, but close. :-(
Great place! Easy to use , long hours and staff was very caring to my dog Pumpkin. I will definitely be back!
I first started going to Lawry's at the Chicago location. The atmosphere is better there, but the food is just as tasty here.\n\nThe spinning bowl salad, creamed corn and fudge sundaes are superb. The prime rib is delicious, too. Service is always top notch.
David is absolutely amazing, I had a roughed up ombr\u00e9 gone wrong and left with amazing balayage golden highlights. He is SO talented, will never go to anyone again when I'm in AZ!
I'm not a big fan... I ordered take out and got everything I asked for but all the food was lacking in flavor and freshness.. The chips were nothing special and the only thing I appreciated was the gentleman who had made the food, he was very nice but the lady was not.
best pork verde anywhere!! And we can't get enough of the green chiles. Love Eileen and the rest of the staff.  See you all soon!
Crusty. Sloppy. Dark.
I popped in without an appointment this evening. Everyone was nice & friendly and took me right in. Penny took her time and did a great job! Only gave 4 stars as I paid more than most salons charge for the same service.
Tried happy hour here with my boyfriend. The appetizers and beer were great!  We'll have to come back and try their full menu sometime.
We ordered pizza to be delivered at our home at 11:30 at night. How busy could they be, right?!?! It took an hour for them to deliver the pizza to our house and there was bad service from the employees.
Ew. This place is horrible. Every time I go it always has dirty tables. The cookies are always out. Also a lot of the time their soda is out which is annoying when you are in a hurry. Usually the people that take make your sandwiches they sometimes are snotty and do a poor job.
It was a disappointing experience. Our order took a very long time to arrive. Tables that were seated long after us were served first. An explanation was not offered. The food was definitely not worth the wait or price. Everything was served cold  except the bacon that arrived after the meal. Very disappointing!
Today was probably the best drive thru experience that I have ever had. The woman working today was so polite! I almost died of shock!. Can't go wrong with the chilli, spicy chicken nuggets and a small .99 frosty! Lunch cost me $5.05 today.
We had miserable service this week at dinner. Who hires the staff? The food was sketchy at best. What has happened to this gem of a restaurant? We will be going else where on our next evening out.
Classic drive in joint.  We had an array of burgers, fries, and onion rings.  Burgers were simple and very well done, while the onion rings were top flight.  On a warm summer night, the atmosphere provided by ordering through a steel speaker and having great hot food delivered through your window is pretty hard to beat.
Good hotel. Nothing special or fancy but very clean and very friendly staff.\nRestaurant is completely overpriced. Food is so so. \nMenu has not changed since at least 7 month (could be longer).
I just broke my iPhone 5s screen this morning. I texted for a quote, brought the phone in the afternoon, and had my screen fixed in less than a half hour! Thank you for the quick and quality service!
Really nice, modern, clean location. Good service and food. \"As good as it gets\" for a Sonic.
Wit Wiz is where it's at.  I was surprised and pleased to find an authentic cheesesteak in Tempe.  The large size was more than enough for my wife and I to share.
Ok guys:) food is great but make sure u know how big is extra large!!!! Their portion are really really big so for newbies look at the people eating around hehe iam going home with 3 boxes:)
Biggest complaint is that I couldn't ever get the wifi to work, which is kind of a big deal for someone here on business for the whole week.
Best Coffee Shop food around and the staff is super nice.  A bit pricey though.
Average but I don't consider it the best. If an international buffet serves sushi but no sashimi and charges the guest about 45 USD than somethings wrong. But the service and ambiance makes it an ok place to visit.
The food was just ok and not too many choices.  I think this place is overated.  However the enviroment is really nice.   I prefer the buffet at Ceasars Palace more than this one.
This club is small and very crowded. The music is okay. The crowd is not that attractive. The only reason I would go to this club is for open bar or a guest that I REALLY wanted to see, but it's not terrible.
Small trendy ultra lounge. Good mix of people, great drink specials for the location and a top quality dj. Not a bad place to hit up for a couple drinks during a nite out.
Fantastic. I had the parmesan truffle fries, which are a must. Normally I don't like onion rings, but I could eat their onion rings for days. The duck bacon burger was amazing even when I heated up the leftovers the next day. I will definitely be coming back.
Best food ever!!!  Just need tacos back.  I have been eating here since 1982 and have been a loyal customer ever since.  Best beans and green chili in town!
I thought it was absolute horrible. The sangria was the worst I ever had. Don't go - you have got to find a better place. This place will not be open much longer
I've only been here twice but I have always had great service and great drinks. The ambiance is fun, there's an interesting mix of people and both times the place was pretty packed. \n\nI'll have to head here during the summer and grab some grub!
Considering it's Vegas, this buffet needs to step it up. \nAnd I somewhat left hungry because nothing there was good besides my chocolate crepe.\nBellagio's is much better!
The best Fine Whiskey list in all of the madison area, gotta specifically ask for the list tho, off the chain!
I love this place, great food, great drinks, great service. They make the guacamole right in front of you. Although I love the live mariachi band t can be a bit loud.
Some of the best beer in Pittsburgh.  The beer festival they have every summer is great....I try to make it back to Pittsburgh for it.
It's a new place, looks good and clean. As far as the food I give it a 8 out of 10. All you can eat Mongolian food.
I can't give a review as I wanted to try their cronuts. But they don't serve it until 9am. WHY!? I need my cronuts....... I will have to come back the next time I am in town.
Great Italian food. Great Sinatra music playing all night. Everything was excellent from service to desert. Try out the cigar room in the back.
I love this place! The owner usually takes the time to stop by and say hello, the entree choices are creative and yummy. I feel like we don't take the time to visit often enough. Great ambiance!
The prime rib was excellent and, to literally top it off, I ordered foie gras to complement the fantastic steak. Great ambience, great service, overall a great dining experience.
I paid 180 dollars as a visitor. The course is not worth that money at all. The greens were not in good shape and there was a lot of brown grass around the fairways. I have to say the staff was super friendly and helpful\nThere are much better courses for less money in las vegas
I just returned to the Church after quite a long hiatus, and have really been welcomed into this parish.  Franky I am not sure if i would still be going if they weren't so welcoming! If you are looking for a positive Catholic experience please try OLPH!
Had the fried shallot salmon roll, awesome! Very fair prices and a nice atmosphere. Can't go wrong.
Still sitting in the booth after a great breakfast of chicken fried steak. We have deemed this our new breakfast place
My wifes favorite place in Vegas
The best New Mexico style Mexican food in Vegas, stop by and check it out, love the food! Beer, wine and margaritas available!
come on man, even it opened by Japanese, but the food is sooooo weak. how can they charge this price for their weak service and food, all my friends are still hungry after we paid hundred dollars there. our three go to M to get burgers lololol
Loved it! They are super nice and patient! Not only do they do an amazing job but they are also super quick! Definitely always going there from now on
Loved this place and the vibe. The New York theme is charming. A great place for my first trip to Vegas. It's also connected to the MGM which is nice.
These people send me junk e-mail about houses that are not even in my state. I have tried to get removed from their list and nothing seems to work. I avoid doing business with people who spam people with e-mail and I think you should to.
Firstly it not Mexican. It's New Mexican. Secondly. Its good. Very good. Almost everything is spicy hot but with care some items can be ordered that are not. This may actually be a five star place for food quality. It's close.
Delicious, hot and fresh.  That's about the extent of my Indian food knowledge.  Curry, Chicken and Lamb, Fresh hot  flat bread. All hot, fresh and delicious!
This Chinese restaurant has the same owners as the restaurant already located on South Neil in Champaign with the same name.
Awesome vape shop!! The person that helped me was super cool letting me try a ton of e-juice. Bought the Ramune juice that tastes amazing!! Definitely a must stop for vapers.
It's not delivery, it's digiorno...\n\nyou'll be better off
Wonderful, locally-grown, organic food. An incredible gem in the Charlotte area. Service is warm, and the food is outstanding. Love this place. Jessica and Luca (owners) are sweet, caring people. Try it. You will not be dissapointed.
Definitely go here if you like to NOT get waited on and if you also enjoy watching people buy and sell cocaine. \nLike Eric Clapton said, \"Cocaine, cocaine, cocaine is the cocainiest\"
Im from texas, the taco capitol of the US, and i can vouch for the pollo, asada, pastor, and carnitas tacos.  Great food and friendly staff....i will eat here every trip to phoenix i take.
I had one of the lamb sandwiches. It was pretty good. The service was very slow
i love it. i recommend this place to anyone that comes to las vegas!
Well. Service and ambience was good and traditional Korean. Tofu soup and bibimbap could be better, but the waitress was really kind to refill out side dishes. Overall good but not impressive. Personally think it's slightly overpriced.
hippies are weird. but one thing they do well is make vegetables taste good. i've enjoyed everything i've had here and it's a great atmosphere to relax during a busy day.
Awesome pork - tender and flavorful. Broth a bit heavy. Considering it got shut down by health department a while back, I never went back. Very crowded, dark and cramped.
Yeah yeah the food is pretty good - just like everywhere else in Vegas. The service was even pretty good. But the seating is uncomfortable and everyone is squeezed into a tight spot. I know they're trying to maximize profit, but they've done so at the expense of the experience.
The prices are going up and quality is sliding. I thought McCafe would help bring competitive prices to the industry but unfortunately are on par with Starbucks.
Great place to walk around. Tons of great restaurants and tons of shopping.  Thursday night art walks are really fun too. Great date night with dinner.
A comfortable, quiet dining area is a welcome change from the everyday experience.  The staff is helpful and ready to make you comfortable and satisfied whether you are a practicing vegan or just experimenting.
I ordered the Good Earth pita. It was amazing! I will definitely order from here again. I am excited to try all the different options.
Wow this place is the most amazing place they are so accessible. April and Angela were the pleasant people to deal with ver helpful and friendly I strongly recommended this place.
Great line up of bourbons & scotches. Flat bread (i.e. pizza) was fresh and tasty! Mussels were fresh and plentiful and great.
This bar is the place to go on Wednesday nights if you are looking for cheap drinks. $7 cover for guys and ladies are free (ladies night) and $0.50 cent drinks. The crowd has a little bit of everything. Country and hip-hop music.
Still love the food for what it is. Service is friendly but it's been a consistent long wait whether its inside or drive thru for over a month now. Please hire more night staff! This is frustrating!'
Einfach Hammer m\u00e4\u00dfig.\nIch kann euch aber auch warnen wenn ihr die curry911 isst passt auf die ist H\u00f6llen scharf
Saw this place on groupon! Paid 6 dollars and got 10 dollars worth, very good ice cream and cookies!
Alas....it's out of business.  I just drove several miles to find it.  Anyone know of another one?
A bit pricey for a corned beef panini with a quality I can get at my local Safeway.  I didn't seek out this place, but I was hungry and I wanted something unique.  Eh, guess it's not here.
Good for a late night poutine - especially if you're taking out of town-ers.
I loved it. Its different then the usual prime rib in that its bone in, but the service was great and you get to see them slice that bad boy off the roaster. Wouldn't have it any other way.
(7/13/13) Despite my regular stylist Jade not being there I received a decent haircut. I was somewhat surprised as I had been seen by the stylist present once before & had to stop her from giving me a crewcut.
The management/cooks must have changed because this place went from being ok for lunch to horrible! I thought maybe it was a fluke and ate there again but it was worse. \nI do not recommend this place! It is very expensive, save your money and head down to Taco Bell.
Service is a joke.....no matter what time it is or how busy it is the line is always 5 people deep!! Hire some check out people please and staff appropriately!!! You're expanding your merchandise, so PLEASE do the same with service!!!   Ugggggg
Nice local bar with a great happy hour. Happy hour starts at Midnight and offers $99 cent domestic draft beers with half off appetizers. I had the three tacos and they were awesome.\n\ni would only suggest this if you want to drink at midnight and you are in the southwest then this is a great place
This place never disappoints. I love the beef sandwich with the hot giardiniera. I've had it wet and also dry, both ways are great, depends on what you're in the mood for. The same sweet lady takes my order every time and always makes you feel welcome. Great place for bit!
Not much to say here except upsells and slooooow... always slow here - at least they're consistent though lol.\n\nThat's about all I got... *shrug*
What can I say about this place ? I have had several good experiences and several bad experiences here over the years .  All and all , you get what you see . The service is hit or miss depending on who is working . I do feel it is a bit expensive for the quality of food you get . The place is too small especially at the counter area .
Great sandwiches, excellent service.  Delicious pickles.  Reminds me of Toaster Oven in San Francisco.  I normally get the wreck.  Get there before 11:30 to beat the lunch rush!
Incredible! What can one say? It's like eating in a master chef's house.\n\n6 stars ******
Tried this place for lunch for the first time today. I had the California on a French roll. The food was great. My sandwich had turkey, bacon, fresh avocado, sprouts and mayo. The portions are large. Fast and friendly service. I will be eating here again soon!
We had a groupon for Jell-o Shots at Pink's. We had green apple, blueberry, & grape. We took them outside on the nice little patio area to people watch. The Jello-o shots were really good, and the outside seating is always a plus.
This restaurant has a very fun vibe w great servers. The owner is almost always here and very friendly. The food is great and never disappoints.  Highly recommend this place for breakfast and lunch.  Our Server Shannon was great.
Always good!!!!!!
I have been here a few times too.  Mostly for happy hour.  You cant beat the 6 buck pitchers.  I just wish they would add some food items to the HH menu.  The food is good, the location is good, the atmosphere is good.  Its all good!
The doctors spend barely any time with you after making you wait forever then rush you out without hearing you out. The staff is incredibly abrasive, and unhelpful.
A claim to the Better Business Bureau was never answered.  Repeated phone calls to management were never returned. This Company shopuld be banned from advertising in national magazines and dispensing prescription eyewear.
I love this place.  Just in regards to ambiance, it's really cool with its stone walls and low level lighting.  It is also the best place around UNLV to get lunch, because they have inexpensive and generous lunch specials.  The food is great and the wait staff is usually pretty friendly and fun.
Since it was cold outside, I ordered a hot chocolate. When I got it, it was warm (closer to the cold side). Very disappointed.
It's called fast food. Not wait for three hours for a fricking burger food. WTF  how hard is it honestly?
Service a little slow at peak hour, but friendly and welcoming.  Very good food.  My family enjoyed it a lot.
Great food and friendly staff.  A must visit in Mint Hill!
Danyal is by far the best at eyelash extensions I've had! Although Ido bikram yoga and I lose lashes, the 2 times I've had Danyal do them they hold up and still look amazing! Go see her she is great and fast!
This .99 cent store has the rudest workers. This location is always busy. They know they got 50 customers and only have 2 lines open. Something needs to be done here!
My FAVORITE place in LV to get macarons! They are affordable & delicious. They always have a really big selection of flavors to choose from. I've only tried one other cake item there so I can't really comment on their other items. Service is so great too, they are always so friendly.
reat food and smoothies! Portions were just enough.G
Price was $38.00 for dinner.  All of the food was dry and way over salted.  For the money food should have been much better and there should have been a much larger and better selection.   Do not waste your money here.
Society Cafe has under gone many changes in the past year. I am pleased  with the recent shifts both to menu and staff. The vibe is welcoming. The turkey burger was so huge I could barely finish it! I love the new steakhouse wooden serving platter.
Great little breakfast/lunch place to eat. The employees are very friendly and the food is good. Will be back to eat here!
I'm from Southern California and it was nice to go to this location.. No crowd and the 2 guys I talked to were very nice and polite.. I was In and Out in no time at all
I love this place! I go here often for lunch and they have good lunch specials/prices. You get a lot of food so it's really a good value. I am obsessed with their Tzatziki Sauce and always have to request more. I recommend this place to anyone who likes greek food.
We had a fantastic tour to Lake Louie, Platteville's Badger Bar, Potosi's Brewing Museum & back to Vintage Brewing.  Well organized, even had activities on the bus to help while away the time.
Update. Im sick of coming here and having them tell me after a long wait in line that theyre out of whatever im looking for. Please. After a few times i get the picture.
What is one to do when the change/cancel fee is more expensive then what my tickets cost?  I guess US Air will have a few no shows on flights this week.  Thanks for being so accomodating in such extenuating circumstances with Super Storm Sandy!  NOT!
We saw a bird flying around the restaurant, walking on the furniture and eating crumbs off the tables. When I approached staff, they said the bird lived there and had a nest up in the ceiling. Plus, my husband said the bathrooms were the dirtiest he had ever visited...worse than at some truck stops!
I love this place! been getting my lashes done since April and it's been a bit of an obsession for me now haha. all the girls are amazing. you definitely won't be disappointed!
Some very good Q here! This is a perfect situation where 3.5 stars would be perfect on Yelp! We have been here five or six times and it is always consistent, and we do return every time it is lunch time and we are over that way.
Bad food,, very slow service. Did I say over priced. Save your money eat somewhere else.\n.basic hamburger taste bad. How does this place stay in business.
Good place to stop if you want a smoothie on the fly but if you are a juicer like me your better off just making it at home.
Food was great but the staff including the manager could use some hospitality training. Not the service one is used to at NM. (All the other caf\u00e9s are great. And I frequent them often) Would not go there again. And I used to love it here;((
Last time I was here I was having dinner with my father. I wasn't very hungry so I just ordered lettuce wraps and they were terrible. The server took them off of our bill, but that was already expected because I would not be willing to pay for such gross food. My dad was happy with his food.
Clean, very tasty, and I love the creativity in the dishes.  Well worth the price and I recommend trying different dishes because with each new dish I try I have not been disappointed.
Food was decent, but the service was bad. The place was very slow, but the waiter was always missing. We had to get up and pour our own water after we sat for almost 10 minutes with empty cups.
I always end up ordering the same thing here....truffle mushroom Swiss chicken sandwich!! It's soo good! I had a nice big serving of chicken that was juicy and flavorful! Order it and you won't be disappointed :)
This place is awesome. Great burgers, fun variety, hip atmosphere - a great place for any occasion. I love their terrace upstairs, especially in summer sunset hours. BRGR really is a very good place that would survive competition in any foodie-oriented city.
Moving back to the area I have to admit, I miss the lack of pufferfish candy... too bad. I had to join 24hrfor a while since it was right were I used to live and they had more eyecandy. :( too bad.
Good product, well worth it for the money
Nice atmosphere, perfectly-sized plate of food for a good price. Homemade biscuits are to die for, and I'm usually not a biscuit fan. Wait was a little long, but to be expected mid-morning on Sunday. Will definitely come back here.
Okay ive been to many sushi joints. With that being said, this one was average at best. The all you can eat menu was decent but no yellow tail collar. The rolls did not really meet thier description and ice creamvwas not included. I did however discover shabu shabu. Look it up!!
I swear I just had one if the best slices of pizza ever. Wish I knew when the lady usually worked. I've had a slice at another bashas before and it wasn't even good!
My husband, who is a huge comic book geek, loves this place. He always brings his out of state friends to it. I have only heard good things about it- and from very particular comic book geeks. It has a great vibe.
Pretty nice for a free zoo!  I mean, who gets to go to a free zoo?  It looks like there are some great additions and renovations underway.  Madison is lucky to have such a great spot!  And so easy to get to!  (I walked!)
I don't love the location or the ambiance, but the food was actually pretty good. The guacamole was very good and I was surprised, but the posole was also very good. Overall, I didn't try anything I didn't like.
The incompetence of the employees forces me to question how anything gets shipped at all...
Food is pretty good and so is the service. It seems to always have a slight hint of a sewage smell especially in the bar. Other than that we eat there once a month or so.
I love target for the storage section. I can normally find some decent containers there.\n\nI wish all the stores were laid out exactly the same so no matter which one you went to, you know where to find  exactly what you need, quickly!  How easy and organized would that be for any of the chain stores to have a consistent layout!
Our first visit and certainly it will not be the last. Our expectations were greatly exceeded. The food was excellent and we like how they have diversity in the menu selection. The prices were reasonable and decent portions.
Really great specialty pancakes and love the authentic (I THINK its authentic, but I am just a silly white girl lol) Hawaiian/Asian food options. The \"Rick's adobo fried rice omelet is one of my favorites and the red velvet pancakes and bananas foster pancakes are amazing!
Slow service ! \n\nThe food is ok , it's like chipotle but less portion and not as tasty.
Best Hookah Ever! Food is good, prices are reasonable, n staff is always friendly. I do hookah often n this place is one of the best I've been to..I always go here when I visit Vegas. I love Azuza!
We went in and since one of us was rather full so we decided to order only 1 mini pot with 2 bowls of rice and some beef skewers. When its time to pay we realised that we were charged 2 bowls of rice instead of 1 since 1 rice always comes free with a mini pot. What a ripped off!
They close at 10pm minus 1 star
I really enjoy the friendly people at Beef O' Brady's!  It is nice to have a local place to just sit back and enjoy the music on the patio and beer selection!  I have a couple of favorites on the menu and will continue to go back over and over again!!
This was my second visit after impressed the first time. Not disappointed. Nice, simple decor where food really stands out. Fairly reasonable price. Bindi gosht was excellent. This is currently my favourite Indian. Well worth a visit.
Waitress was great! Knew how to greet! Fries cold and not seasoned as stated but she fixed it!
Chicken Fried Steak...good. Steak and Eggs...good. Prices are reasonable. Staff is friendly and attentive. Good place to recover from a hangover. Oh, and coffee is good.
Worst big city paper I've ever read.\n\nJust about everything printed is verbatim from the wires.\n\nThe entertainment writers/critics SUCK, and all with a right wing lean.  Yuck.  Well worth it to get the New York Times delivered.
Good service.  Enjoyed the Jambalaya !
Loved the fried chicken and waffle dish.  The spice and the maple syrup really worked well together.  My wife's chilaquiles dish was excellent, also, and she also enjoyed their signature iced coffee drink.  Nice vibe in this place, too.
if you didn't already know, they serve very monster plates. this is why people love and hate america\n\n(great hangover location as well)
I like the atmosphere and the restaurant.
Hadn't been here for about 5 years - still a great lounge on the 60th floor with amazing strip views, lounge seating, large bar, huge narrow balcony to sit/stand, small dance floor - awesome time at TheHotel Mandalay.
Low budget teenage hangout, What a joke, never go back.  Fix this place and hire real people that want to work, not high school drop outs.
Very Clean, Great Menu, Great Service, Great Food
Located within the Tropicana. South Beach Cafe & Deli is open 24 hours serving breakfast, lunch, and dinner. This was very convenient when we were returning to our hotel at 4 in the morning. Prices were not to bad, average $10-12 meals and lots of snacks. Would recommend for late night snacks on the strip.
I usually do not rate places when I travel. But this place deserves a bad rating. Was in town for business.\n\nFood- not good. \nService- eating dinner instead of serving me.\n\nPretty bad overall.
Great when it's good but tends to be uneven.
Food was very good but \"the Perfect Matgarita\" which was recommended by our waitress was the smallest, weakest and the most ice filled Margarita that i have EVER had and they charged $8.50.  Next time i will drink a beer.
Very good and in the same class as First Watch. Substituting the potatoes with black beans is a must.
Great staff and phenomenal dentists. They really care about their patients!!!
Service was ok. Tacos were great but small.  The first set of chips were rancid :(
Nothing special. Just another place trying to capitalize off a famous name. I doubt Gordon Ramsey is aware of the quality of the food here. Also, it is in Planet Hollywood. This casino has the worst parking. You have to walk a mile from the parking structure to get anywhere.
They won't have anything hot and ready. Slow everything. Save your receipt, because they won't remember your order. Check your order before leaving. Expect to wait 30 minutes for anything.\n\nSeriously, I wish I could give them negative stars. Just the worst.
Best pizza in the valley!  The main dining room gets crazy with kids in the evening, but the bar area and outside patio are great!  This location and Old Town are consistently good, but the Scottsdale Quarter location is hit or miss.\n\nOverall, love Grimaldis!
Food was OK. They prepare food based on Vegan style. Food was not very authentic as i had hoped it to be. It's a good place if you are looking for simple indian food and not for spicy, masala food.
Eating at the Bar was very personable and classy. Adam, the bartender. was excellent in customer service.  He served us our appetizers, pasta,desserts along with our Martinis. We had a Great time at the BAR!
my favorite volunteer activity hands down. a really great cause that has an  exponential impact on the lives of the children it feeds.
Great food & service!!!  Love their cheese enchiladas!  The price was excellent also.
This store has improved since I was last there but it has a perpetual problem of not enough people!   It always takes forever to check out.
Ordered a two-entry plate. One item was cold. They gave me a fresh one but tasted burned. And to top it off my fortune cookie had no fortune. :(
Had low expectations and was surprised.  Nice ravioli and cheese cake.  Was conducive to conversation and relaxation with decent pricing.
REALLY?!!!! The show was horrible! It was basically SYTYCD but chaotic and stupid! Not to mention the type of morons they have in the audiences that kick the back of my seat for adjusting my position to get somewhat comfortable! Comped tickets maybe, paid tickets, forget about it!
The most delicious lox I ever tasted, and the bagel tasted like they made it after I walked in the door. Delicious! Wish they had a Facebook page.
Had a great lunch here.  Took about 15 minutes to get seated but it was worth it.  Service was excellent.  My Hangover Burger was perfectly cooked and very tasty.  I would recommend this place to anyone who shares my love of burgers!
Yuck!!! Loud irritating music, bad food, the pork tasted like dog food, fish tacos disappointing. I will not eat here ever again.
I had the fish tacos with a side of pasta salad. My husband had the yellow fin tuna sandwich with a side of onion rings. The tacos were FABULOUS! The onion rings were great!
Fast, friendly, and very professional.
Our visit was great, service was wonderful, and the food was delicious. I'm so glad to have Rachel's kitchen in centennial!!!
So sad that they closed down!! :(
The fajitas were delicious!
Stuffed french toast was good; reminiscent of a huge cinnamon roll. Great service as well.
Shitface below me definitely said it right this place deserves the 5 stars the fish has always been ahmazing and the staff super friendly and who can beat the price... We live in long beach and cant even find a sushi place that can hold a candle to this place in the middle of the desert... bizzare
Not too bad.  \n\nThis place still has that good ole' 1980's mall-feel; at least it's not a ghost town like The Boulevard Mall
Great food as you'd expect from chipotle, nice location, outdoor seating.
Great coffee and great food! Their California Eggs Benedict is my ultimate favorite and I love that I can go on any day and different times and the food is always good. Hello avocado! Hello bacon! Customer service is great and they are always busy so you know its good stuff!
A great haircut, and always a fun time!!  Bella and Frank can do a flat top to rival Pete's in Austin (I miss Frank).  These folks there are like extended family.   A-1+  in all categories.
The trio chicken hummus dish is to die for!  Order extra flatbread if you want to share with more then one person. The service is fair. I always come back, great lunch spot!
I am starting to not trust yelp on others rating. My husband and I tried this place in hopes of finding our Yoshi (a sushi chef in CA). But no such luck. This place served frozen fish that was very noticeably not fresh with try to disguise it with spicy mayo sauce. The search continues.
I have trying some buffet so. But that's the best one. Till last month a friend of of my had show me this place.here.the tastes so good.and the price is cheap. I really want like it.
This place is always packed and you are going to have to wait but it's for good reason.  Always walk out of there feeling sharp.  A+
I always order Carne Asada Fries or Carnitas Burrito. The meat is always fresh and yummy. You also get fresh cucumbers and green onions. This is my favorite Don Tortaco!
A little hard to find, but I do love the unusual 'Asia' flavors like tropical fruits or sesame. Ice cream portions are generous.
The best clothing alternation biz in north Phoenix by far. Stop in for the friendliest service, best alterations as well as men's suits & women's clothing. Randall, the owner, is always a pleasure to work with.
This place gets 5 plus stars. JR is the man!! When he helped us sell our home in PHX, a 5 year nightmare came to an end. We stopped paying 4 bills and a Hugh cross county burden! Thank you USA WEST!
I knew what I wanted, pick them up, paid and left. Quick and Easy....
A true punk bar. Love the gritty down to earth in your face tones. The ass juice is wayy better than it sounds. Love the live music n crazy bathrooms
This place is a fun little sushi place hidden in mini mall next to a Wal-Mart corner store.  Their recent Lightning Bug roll special has become a favorite.  It is sweet, spicy, and completely delicious.  I highly recommend this place!
The worst hospital ever. don't go there. Nurses don't care. The ER is a mess. And it gets worse from there. They have no consideration and no compassion. They do like your insurance though.
Loved the food...loved the service, but the view of the Bellagio is the best!!
hands down the best vape shop in Vegas! if you need a rebuild, I suggest AJ. thank you vape street Las Vegas!
Enjoyed myself but worst seating plan. MGM looks all grand and don't have money to spend on more comfortable seating. It's like a table setting sideways so to watch the show u have to strain ur neck and god help u if some one taller is sitting next to u. David copperfield the show was good.
I come to Las Vegas once a year and this is the only place I go to for pizza!  The atmosphere and service are great and the food delicious.
Just left The Dan Band show at house of blues.  Unfortunately we didn't get to see the show, we went at ticket time and gave up after 1 and 1/2;hours.  Overcrowded with big vip all u can drink section empty.  They are getting $24 for 2 cans of PBR.  Can you say gouging?
In my opinion this is a very good steakhouse because it has very good steaks, it's that simple. To become a great steakhouse they would need great sides, great desserts, and or great service. Maybe in time they will hit their stride and I hope they do because it's a beautiful restaurant in a great location.
Simply put the best Pizza in Las Vegas full stop!
This is my favorite place for breakfast and brunch. Their French Toast is epic! The owners are super nice and walk the floor to make sure you're comfortable. I recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for amazing food at an affordable cost.
Celebrated my mother-in-law 70th birthday dinner, the food was ok...some of the vegetables were cold, lobster tail was a bit salty; however the servers were nice.
Closed on Sunday?  Looks like you've not only lost my Sunday dollars, but my business on Monday through Saturday too.
I went today and had previous set removed and a pink set done by Hau, pronounced \"how\" and my nails look fantastic! This gentleman did a thorough, amazing and beautiful job. I recommend this salon to anyone.
The food wasn't very good and neither was the service. Also the Groupon gave us a limit of $17.95 per entree and the most expensive thing was only $9. We won't be going back.
Been here two times today first and my last food is good but the new waitress with a attitude throwing food at u don't sit well with me.
Its ok, i much rather go to In&out.
Place is not what I expected. Yes it's huge and nice inside but the food wasn't so good and the customer service was terrible. If I was I'm scottsdale I wouldn't consider this place at all. I love Italian food but this is a disappointment.
This place deserves 5 stars for many reasons. It's big and clean with a nice ambience. All the technicians are very friendly and professional. I highly recommend Andy, he's very good at what he does.
Love it! Very nice and always showing the newest, I mean newest movies so inpatient people like me who hate to sit n get nails feet and eyebrows done can enjoy!
Perfect spot downtown for breakfast or lunch!  We enjoyed the beignets and then the shrimp and grits!  Amazing food incredible service!  Hip and beautiful space!  I can't wait to go back and try more!
can;t seem to locate another one at any of the airports I have been traveling too!
this place rocked my socks off. harry was amazing, left happy and can't wait to come back. got package \"D\" totally worth every penny...
Im a sushi nut. This was just mediocre. Service was good.  Food was fair but overpriced. Highly recommend looking elsewhere for the money
The Copy & Print Center here is the best I've ever experienced!  Some of the best customer service I've had anywhere in Henderson.  Competitive pricing, fast service and accurate printing.  Awesome!
Stopped in today and tried a couple things. I would have to echo another reviewer who talked about the red velvet cupcakes. Dori's cupcakes are delicious. I'll definitely stop by and grab some more next time I'm down in that area.
I have been going to Cassie for almost two years now and every time I go in she out does herself. The color is always perfect! She always knows exactly what I want. As long as I'm in Arizona I will always go to Cassie.
Money management doesn't come naturally to most people, so I trust my finances with Silverhawk Financial!
So much cheaper than the grocery! And such inventory! I'll be going back weekly.
This is such a hidden Ahwatukee gem! We love this place. Good family friendly atmosphere, good pizza and the best spinach salad you will ever eat! Prices are good and ridiculously good for salads. This is a must try!
Had several of the breakfast menu items. Taste is from scratch. The decor is bland and forgetful but the atmosphere created by the local clientele makes for a pleasant and interesting experience. I felt immersed in the life of the Avondale citizens here.
Absolutely love this hotel!! Awesome staff, decor, pool, sky deck!! We will definitely stay there again!
What a terrific meal!  We loved the menu from the pate, to the beef carpaccio, to the scallops, everything was well prepared and tasty. Make sure to order the brussel sprout side, it was amazing!
Had a blast at the tables! Dealers were fun and we won! Would go back next time in Vegas!
I had the protein pancakes but instead my waitress suggested I substitute blueberries for chocolate chips they were sooo good! This place was a lot of fun the staff was very friendly too. You also get a good amount of food for the prices. I'd go again for sure! This place was great!
Great atmosphere and brunch!  Especially the Bloody Mary bar with their own infused vodkas!  Will definitely be back!
Great burger.  A pleasant surprise with all the overpriced low quality food in Vegas.  Would definitely come back.
I was so excited to go to this place as I was looking for a meal prep service.  However, the place is closed!!
I eat here at leasts once or twice a week.  I love the cheap soft tacos and the shrimp and octopus cocktail.  The chips are good and the salsa is spicy and delicious.  The staff is always polite and the service is great.  I've never had a bad meal here.
One of my favorite hang outs with the family! Love the Pides and the salads! Our favorite is the Green Eggs and Ham! Yes, it's called that and it is soooo good! The food tastes very fresh and it is definitely one of the best healthy restaurants to eat!
Ugh, not only was the food cold and too salty and greasy, but I then got food poisoning that night.  Never going here again.  Worst restaurant in Shadyside.
After a horrible time trying to get a table at Pita Jungle came here and from the start was impressed.  They opened the door and welcomed us. Everyone was extremely pleasant and got awesome food and sat down right away.
I saw 3 different food runners attempt to deliver food to the wrong tables just at bar. And in the last 3 times we've been here the bar has been absolutely FREEZING. 2 separate couples went out to their cars after the fact to grab coats. If you come bring a jacket.
Big Fan of this place.\n\nThe sushi rolls are excellent and vary from healthy to heart-attack in nature.  All are delicious.  The service is good.  The wait times are pretty minimal, sushi bar is always open.  Ambience is casual.  This is as good as it gets for west-valley sushi.
While this is not the best place to have a quiet, romantic dinner because the music is always very loud - they even have speakers outside the restaurant... I don't get that - it is hands down the best place in Montreal for mussels, fries and killer homemade mayo.
Great gym, but if you ever try to cancel your agreement count on paying 2-3 months longer than expected.  I've been trying to cancel my account because I moved across\nThe country.  They won't cancel it unless I send in a certified letter.  I've done that and am still getting charged months later.
the food is good, the restaurant is a dump. They are in desperate need of a remodel. The booths are vile. If i was the mgr. I would be embarrassed.
If you want good service, DONT come here. Also they were out of a lot of stuff.  Won't be coming back.
First two times we had their shaved ice it was exceptionally good to the last bit left in the cup. But the last 2 trips have been rather disappointing, almost halfway down into the shaved ice we start hitting plain white snow with no flavor to be found. Employees please take note and make sure you add enough flavor, maybe ill come back.
Over priced, not for a vegas buffet but for just food of such quality, and nothing really appealing. Most of the food was cold or had sat out for far too long even if it was warm.
This place is pretty good, just that I order the nachos and didn't really have any meat on them whatsoever. I am going there again, and if this order so I am going to drop my rating down to one star...
Very informative and cool tour!!  Char, our guide, was awesome!! Got some interesting ideas for our remodel!!
Outside of the insanely high sale tax that is charged in the City of El Mirage (I can't hold the store responsible for that), this is the most convenient and friendliest place to shop for just about all your needs in El Mirage.
Rude staff.  Stopped in after seeing Love again.  Sat in the nearly empty bar for about 15 minutes waiting for service that never arrived.  Guess we weren't young enough.  Will not be returning or taking any visitors here.
The atmosphere is very laid back and welcoming. The Ultimate Bloody Louie, their version of a Bloody Mary, is the best Bloody Mary I ever had. The food is very tasty too! I will be coming back here. They have live music on certain nights and $5 hamburgers on Tuesdays. Definitely my type of place!
Thought it was pretty ridiculous when I asked for no meat- just beans, and the cashier said that would be an extra charge because it's considered making a 'substitution.' Pretty poor customer service in my opinion. I hope the GM reads this and corrects the problem.
Fun place for the kids.
I have been coming here for about 7 years now. Everyone is friendly and does a great job on pedi's. I will miss this place, moving to Florida. Great massage chairs.
Foods always pretty good. The key is to get good service! Skyelar was a stellar waitress! Very polite ad attentive!! She kept our drinks full and chips full!
So glad the old owners took it back over. SO MUCH BETTER. One of the better pizza buffets around town!!!
The atmosphere is beautiful and service was excellent.  Unfortunately, the food was less than mediocre.  Ravioli special with spinach and ricotta was like sand, pasta was hard,marinara with sausage, pasta under cooked, wouldn't return.
Maize's has good food, friendly service and a hipster kind of vibe. I would recommend the salmon eggs Benedict or the turkey Benedict. It taste great!
My guilty pleasure whenever I'm in the Southwest, In N Out will always leave you satisfied (and maybe a little bit ashamed of yourself). \n\nAnimal-style for LIFE.
I LOVE TWINKIES and OREOS!!!! and its only .99 cent that cheap. I got to say though I like the fried Oreo's better than twinkies maybe a 2nd time around I might like it better.
I furnished an apartment by shopping here.\n\nCame back today for a few essentials in the new place. Everything is easy to find, and it's fun to look at the layouts on the show floor.\n\nFirst time eating in the cafeteria-style restaurant; was quite impressed!
Overpriced. The the stars are for the comedian...not the establishment
This is a great upscale consingment shop with reasonable prices, beautiful clothing and accessories! The shop is clean, clothes are beautifully displayed, easy to navigate and full of treasures. The owner is friendly and welcoming.\nI highly recommend this shop! Love it
I didn't really enjoy their food overall. The roti-like bread isn't bad. I do like their mango/yogurt drink and cheese dessert. The main meals just didn't taste good in my opinion. Maybe others have a different opinion. Service is nice and friendly though. Indian palace is better choice to me.
Nice fairly new location, but the neighborhood is fairly crappy.
Clean\nOrgannized\nLots of cardio machines\nSmall weight lifting area but I can deal with it\nFree massage chairs\nFree tanning\nNo babysitting area\n\nGreat place!!
Amazing Happy Hour! Great drinks and specials, everything tastes great. Love that you can sit on couches.
gets a resounding meh.\n\nit's beautiful inside and the staff is nice but the food is standard, slightly better than average mexican food, and it's way over pirced.
worst compay ever. rude drivers and even more rude dispatch. Barry in dispatch needs some people skills training.. take your business elswhere
Over hyped and priced, the main floor played EDM which I love, however the play list lacked energy and did not drive the party.  Entrance and drinks are over priced, even for Vegas. The bouncers antagonize the guests, probably due to the steroid induced testosterone high. Bottom line, go to another club.
Meh, its a bank.\n\nShort wait time, staff was helpful. I had to make a deposit for a friend. Easy in and on my way.
Went to Vegas, and just by walking OUTSIDE Caesar's, the bass from Pure gave me a headache. i really hate this place!
We come here about once a month, but this time, it took the tortilla maker FOREVER, and then overcooked.  The worse part the chef was leaning out of the kitchen dropping the f bombs while we ate.  \nMaybe we came on a bad day?
The food is great. Customer service is great. Only downside to this place is it gets too packed and loud. On a busy night you can barely hear the person sitting next to you.
Hidden gem.. Very clean inside, bartenders are very attentive and friendly. Prices are decent and drinks are tasty.
Party of four on a Saturday night and there was an hour wait. Smaller parties of two were sat right away. So we decided to order a slice at the fast pickup window instead. Decently priced and good flavor. Staff was friendly. Many regulars were there which is a good sign. Definitely not a healthy choice!
I have eaten at way better Indian restaurants out here. The Malai Koftas were rock hard, and the Biryani was nothing more than Pulav. Someone please tell them the difference. Just not worth it!
would give it zero stars if possible.  Plaza close this bar!
This coffee shop is the standard in what a local coffee shop should be. I regularly receive great service from the staff ans the quality of the drinks is top notch. You can tell right away that the baristas have a passion for serving the best caffeinated drinks to customers.
I only went to a conference here so I can't speak about the rooms or service. But it is a beautiful building. Outstanding design. The conference facilities were great and I have no complaints there.
Maybe we have the urge to try ALL burgers in Las Vegas...\n\nWhile there are many good burgers, most fall in the OK class. This place is precisely a-ok.
We waited for about an hour for a table.  It was well worth the wait!  The pizza and calzone were amazing.  Maria was a fantastic server!  We will definitely be back and bring others with us!
OMG sooo good! I want more! So many amazing flavors. I have not been a fan of gelato until now! I will defiantly be back to this lower calorie option to feed an ice cream craving!
You gotta love private owned diggs! If you like mediterranean food try the shwarma! If you are looking for an inexpensive breakfast, they start at $3.99! Go and enjoy....
i hate US Airways, shitty services
I was duped!!!! Lack of karaoke. DJ talks too much. If I wanted to go to a club, I'd have gone to one. The food is the saving grace.
I wouldn't go here. The service is very poor. The food is mediocre.
Very limited menu compared to regular Steak 'n Shake restaurants and restaurant was really dirty. Gross! Never going again.
1. Wings, Pablo Picasso salad, and pazooki are awesome.\n2. Great service and atmosphere.\n3. Pizza is good not great.
Great place for cheap, and variety. If only they could be open 24/7. Also it may be cheaper buying from a whole sale spot like Cosco, etc.
Jackie helped me out getting an old expensive pair of shoes some new heels. They work was top quality, the service was speedy and the customer service was top notch. Thank you!
It's a good burger and milkshake-great for the price.  I am not a big fan of their fries, but I know a lot of people who are.  The hidden menu is fun to try out as well!  This place is always busy, but they have a good staff that speeds up the line quickly.
Old stained rooms for the hotel, smell unfresh, paid in full for twonights, for some reason i was lock out my room on second night after drinking all night, had to deal with frontdesk and security to fix the problem with their screw up at 4am... I probably will never return...
The Monticello is a great place to have a civilized breakfast.  They have fresh-squeezed orange juice, a nice Eggs Benedict, and even hearty yellow grits.  It is located in a charming uptown Charlotte neighborhood, near a library and several museums.
I am not a fan.  It was not terrible but it was not amazing.  A bit too salty for my taste.  The girls that work there are really sweet.  They were really busy so maybe I just got a sandwich a bit over seasoned.  I will give it another try.....but I have had better.
Very sloppy! No attention the polish is all over my fingers so disappointing and aggravating that now I'm going to have to pay more money else where to get them redone
Pitchers of Stella and a 16 inch  Mighty Meaty pizza that was MIGHTY MEATY!  Enough said.  The pizza was delicious...covered in 5 different meats...long wait, but well worth it.  I'll be back...soon!
You would think with as much as I go here I would give it a better rating. I go here for lunch a couple times a month. Decent value for the money. I often have the half cobb salad with grilled chicken. Half is always enough! Oh.. and a coors light draft of course.
Great.  Delicious chicken fried everything.  Great service.  Lunch time is the best deal here, but you'll leave full anytime.
We come here only if we really need something that we cannot find in another grocery in town.  There prices are more expensive than there branches in California.
I was pleasantly surprised! The friendly staff greeted me as soon as I walked in. Terry did such an excellent job! I will definitely be coming here from now on...
Delicious. Great service. \nI reco pretzel roll turkey pastrami.  \nDecor is great, nice outdoor seating as well.
Nice atmosphere , great service and wonderful Mac and cheese. Sitting close to the kitchen and watching food come out. Burgers looked good as well.
Customer service made me come back. Everytime I come to Vegas I make a huge effort to eat here each time. The food is great but the service tops it off for sure.
Got to love the wonderful theme in this joint. ;)\n\nI always go with any version blunt filled with meat!\n\nThe staff is great, the food is great and everyone is having a blast. Yum Yum
The best mexican food in casa grande. Really good prices. I've tried their nachos, carne asada burritos, and menudo, all are excellent. They have a nice salsa bar as well.
This place is always a disappointment. Cheaply made, overpriced products. The selection in the store is very limited and they don't have everything that they show on the website. You always have to wait to check out, even when there are only a handful of customers in the store.
I had to send my drink back twice as the bartender could not make a martini.  I ordered a salad and the lettuce was wilted and old.  It was not a good experience and the service was just ok -- I would not recommend unless you want a beer and a burger those looked good.  The atmosphere is amazing
Feb.14/13: another fabulous meal at Watami. Even better than last time. I was quite shocked when I walked in and they remember me from my last visit. Service was fantastic and sushi fresh. What more could one want?
The lobster cannelloni was amazing! I spent a week in Italy in May and didn't think I'd be impressed with any Italian restaurants after that, but my dish was fabulous. The service was slow at times, but we enjoyed our dinner.
Whats more to say about this that has not been already written by other people. If you haven't been here, you must try it. They do hot sandwiches right!
The previous review for this location is sad.  The staff is very friendly, we have never had any issues with the store.  We have been using this location for 5 years now and we are very happy customers.
Great food, culture, and atmosphere.  Great mixologists as well.
Fancy looks, fancy prices.  Not a whole lot of options on the menu.   Got the pork sandwich.  The pork was good, but just not a whole lot of it.   Price per portion is on the high side.
This place was nice.   It's small and intimate.  The tickets were cheap but my friend couldn't help but complain about the price of the tiny bag of popcorn he got.  As I said it was nice but some things were hit or miss.  If this place was closer to Glendale I would most likely return.
On a Thursday at 345, a group of 11, nobody else waiting. .. waited for 30 minutes to be told that we couldn't sit together (that would be a 2 hour wait) and it would be another 30-40 minutes. . I think I spend more time waiting at oreganos than I do dining.
Everyone is so helpful, specially Lynn in the window treatment department.  She is very knowledgeable and eager to help you!
Great inventory and nice (but slow) counter staff.  The \"boyz\" in the yard have attitude. More fun driving the fork lifts than helping customers.  Time for some housekeeping, I think.
New location (Warm Springs & Ft. Apache). Arco is Arco...although clean because it is a brand new location,  offer competitive prices if you pay in cash. They jack the price a few cents per gallon if you use your debit card.
HORRIBLE FOOD POISONING.  My first night moving to Las Vegas I ate there and got terrible food poisoning.  I had a steak and got what was most likely E. Coli poisoning.  Would not recommend going to this place. There are much better places for Italian food even without the food poisoning.
I saw the cuban sandwich on the menu and had to try it! Oh well I have had LOTS better for half the price. I guess I paid to watch people take pictures with the statues! for all of ceasars glory, I expect better, much better
Garlic knots are excellent.  I like the Caesar salad.  The pizza is too greasy.  The crust is too soggy!  Love the 1950s vibe.  Improve the pizza then it will be ok.
out of business!!!! was looking forward to having some good old fashioned nicoya food... it was sad. shut down out of business...  no more. shut down.
Got introduce here by my ex boss. Really nice place to have lunch or dinner. Food are great. I'd say A+ to their service. Will come here more often.
Terrible bar. The service sucks. Workers are rude. Over priced drinks/food. Dirty facility. Uncomfortable layout of place. I'll never go back. Waist of money. Waist of time. Waist of a fun Saturday night. You've been warned.
I went to RICKS last night, this place is small, it's dark inside and all the waitress are better looking than the dancers. Not to mention they are stuck up and not friendly at all. I will never go back to RICKS and don't recommend anyone else to come here. Go to O.G's.
I think this place is closed. Just went by there and doors were locked and place was empty.
Imagine a smaller city hall steak house. Food is pretty much the same. Although the plate is much hotter. I was not offered a hot towel after oyster which is bad. I saw people came in with shorts and sandals, no dress code enforced. If I have to choose, I have to say city hall wins.
Coming from the new haven ct area I can say this pizza (and garlic knot) are delicious. Huge slices and nice and thin and crispy. Definitely recommend for a good slice in Vegas!
I've stop and eaten here every so often as I'm passing through town for years now. I look forward to eating at the restaurant here. Breakfast is delicious and so are their steaks! Servers are always quick and and friendly and I love their French fries. I'll be back soon!
Worked around my busy schedule and was able to assist in getting the most out of my return.. Highly recommend!
Excellent food, even better service! Highly recommend!
I've been coming here my whole life and now the prices are too high and the portions are smaller. *frowny face*
Second time going to this location, food is mediocre (typical bar food) but I am writing this review because I was pleasantly surprised with my service both visits. The employee's were not only super friendly, but very attentive. Definitely deserving of a great tip, I will be back.
the food was not what i expected.  to start with i ordered the veggie shish-kabob.  the  lemon potatoes where mushy and did not taste fresh.  my husbands gyro meat was extremely dry and had a weird after taste.  i wanted to like this place but wont be back after this experience.
This is a pretty cool place, after visiting three other places. We ended up purchasing our kids pinata from here. They have a huge selection to choose from. They also have a huge selection of party themes. They have everything from cups, decorations, candies, and props. Workers were very helpful and the prices are very reasonable.
To sum up: Crust is fantastic. Pizza toppings were hardly there. Small pizza big price. Rotten lettuce in our antipasto. Waitress nice. Cannoli was great! Would we go back? Nope. Other places do it better.
This was the first time my husband and I ate at Dillon's. We found them in our Entertainment Book. The staff was so friendly and helpful. Our waitress Stephanie was great. All of the food was so good. We will definitely be back.
my vietnamese coffee was DELISH but my niece's strawberry was PERFECT.\n\nparking (on saturday night) was terrible so be prepared to walk a little from the surrounding neighborhood.
Wow! Went here on a recommendation from a friend and was told to try their aloha blend. I couldn't get enough, everyone has there preferences on cigars and my perfect fit was their aloha blends.
OMG! thats all i can say!
Love this place, they have everything that all the other shops have combined in one and they make their juice while your standing there.  They have specials that are sent to your text and email and I get a free 30ml bottle of juice for my birthday.  Your Awesome Gourmet!! Thank you
LOVE. LOVE this place! The serving sizes are huge and the food is awesome. The fried chicken and waffles exceed expectations. And Andy's sage fried chicken eggs benedict is a must try. \n\nIt's always super packed in the mornings but worth the wait!
Vegas baby ;-)
Everytime I go to this places I am surprised.  I just expect it to be bad but the food is actually really good. I have had a salad, a sandwich, and a melt. All were good good. : ) The service is always friendly to boot.
The best ramen and karage in town. Their pot stickers/gyoza are very good as well.....perfect during the winter.
Feels like being back home in little Saigon in Orange County. I'll probably try to go here 3 times a month. Nem nuong is just like brodard but the prices scream Vegas. I'll take what I can get here
Good food with a diverse menu. Nice service and clean, welcoming atmosphere. Would go again!
4 of 6 meals have been total screw ups however the servers and bartenders are nice and they are closest to home so I kept trying hoping it was bad luck ...
Yummy!!  Will be back!  Had hot roast beef sandwiches  with mashed potatoes.  Honey, great service and delicious!!
First time visit, just moved to the area. The owners are friendly and greeted Shandie when she came in making her feel welcome. They did a great job washing, grooming and giving her a peticure. 4 hrs later she was picked up and had some treats for the trip home. Very reasonable priced
not worth the price for flash frozen meat. My friend and i work in the casino and wanted to try this out when we saw it open. -( Not a good idea because the food was not good, got the lobster roll and it was just meat on a roll, no flavor at all. yuck!
Great ambiance and great new Mexican cuisine.  The fajitas are great and the Silver Coin Margs are super good.  For a fun night with friends this is the place.
Wonderful service.   Very clean restaurant.   Food was fantastic!   Definitely a permanent customer.
Cindy continues to be a lifesaver at every corner.  Every week she comes over and helps me out, even if it sometimes is a last minute request.  I am glad and very excited to have Just Ask Meghan to help me out every week.
Chicken sandwich was like a piece of leather.    Go figure that one.    Got a boiled dinner.    Not much to full one up!    Sorry Charlie, this fish is not going back
I went yesterday and had Gobi manchurian, Mysore Dosa.\nThe Manchurian was bland and I could taste the flour in it. Dosa was equally tasteless.\n\nI have been there before and it had pretty good dosa's. Dunno what happened.
We came for a drink and apps.  The website makes the restaurant seem snooty, that is certainly not the case.  Casual feel, great service, local beer, and ahi tuna wontons were out of this world.  We live out of state, but if we resided here we would absolutely return.
Wasn't worth the money. The strawberries for the topping were soggy and gross
Pizza is fresh and good price.
Went there for lunch and was very impressed. Large selection of sushi all of which seemec fresh. Rolls were unique and were constantly being made fresh. Tempura shrimp was also very good. Service was incredibly friendly and swift. I will be certain to return the next time I am in Las Vegas.
The food is good and reasonably priced. The jalapeno popper appetizer is the best I've ever had.\nIts got slot of choices for rolls but  many of them are tempura.\nThe ambiance is mellow and the service was good. Its worth checking out.
I'm usually in Pittsburgh once a year and each time I come to town I typically have Vincents. Their NY Style thin crust pizza is just awesome and the service is typically pretty good. Regular crust is good as well if you want  something a little bit thicker.
Pork belly melted in my mouth! Delish. Drinks were tasty. Sliders and wings were not good at all. \n\nCute place but It's not as good as I expected.
Great little spot for lunch. Food is excellent and authentic. It's a little spicy off the menu, but the do have some gringo light options. \nI take clients to lunch here often and haven't been disappointed. Only negative is the parking, but that's not terrible.
Food and drinks are expensive, and in all honesty not really worth the price.  They're pretty much just regular hot dogs with over the top toppings.  You can count on long lines and hunting for a place to seat. And they've got nothing on my all time favorite hot dogs, Flo's in Cape Neddick, Maine.
My business partners and I saw this show during the JCK trade show.  All of us were very impressed with the performance. Loved every moment.  5 stars!
So I was looking for a jumbo and the sales associates are not helpful at all! There was a blond girl associate that was on a personal phone call and she just looked at me and not acknowledge I needed help.  So instead I bought from the Wynn boutique! I would never buy from belagio Chanel
Best pizza I have ate in Vegas. Fast delivery, friendly staff on the phone and the pizza was not even a little bit greasy. Great quality food and ingredients!
I love Trader Joes but this one always has the longest check out lines.  Other than that, it's great.
Affordable and appears to be clean.
Perfect ambiance- Fantastic for date night.
Yummy and delicious. If you a food critic or love Thai food, this is the place. From pad Thai to Tum Yum, a ace that is a must try. The wine menu is awesome and can service any budget.
Great bath products, lots of interesting soaps and body washes. Their pricey but different. The girls working in the store are very helpful. I purchased several soaps and washes. I like the fact the products are all natural. They had some really nice scented soaps and gels.
Not for ice cream... If your looking for coffee this is your place.. 8 or 10 flavors if lucky... I was disappointed .. I guess I was thinking it was like cold stone...
When our bartender moved to this location, we tried to follow suit, but it just wasn't the same.  The clientele wasn't what we were used to, and it was smaller.  Still, the food and drinks were good.
I felt some bones while eating..it was also very oily. Fries were bad and too oily too. :/
Their buffet is great,\nYet so far from the action.\nWhy not on the strip?
This was one of the nicest surprises for our stay in Scottsdale. Hotel was spotless, new,  & so comfortable. Staff was very friendly & helpful.  Convenient location near restaurants & shops. Will come back to 3 Palms again next month.
Wonderful place for appetizers and drinks. Service was a little slow but it was a Friday night and packed...Sangria is wonderful and the bruschetta is a must try! The prices are very reasonable and the portions are decent size. Great after work choice or fun evening out with the girls!
OK there are Not many places that offer Pizza by the slice like Sunset Pizza. However there is nothing spectacular about the Taste. Cheap and cheerful.  Meaning... for a quick bite, that wont hit your pocket book, its ok.
The pizza is amazing!!!  It is a small location with a small variety of games.  Each game is two coins which is too much if you ask me. The bathrooms are old and gross. If you just want good pizza, this is the place, just use the restroom before you leave your house.
Visit Goyemon again with my parents. Most of the servers are new. Jessica was our server (name on the check), for the whole 1.5 hours dinning experience, I never see her smile. She even rolled her eyes on us when we were thinking what drinks we would like to order, come on, service sucks!!
Reminds me of home made.
Love the burgers but hate the fries. What more can Only say? It is what it is... I wish they used real potatoes that don't taste like you are eating a towel.
Turkey dinner for 3 review\n\nPros:  The corn bread, green beans, and creamed spinach were delicious.  \n\nCons:  The turkey was dry, the gravy was uninspired, and the apple pie is almost unedible.  I will definitely try something else next time.
Good, simple American food, excellent friendly staff, good atmosphere, fair prices.
Went here while in town for a convention-awesome food. Chicken and waffles were delightful.  Our waitress who is also the owner is hysterical. Go to this place.  The atmosphere is nothing to write home about but the food is outstanding!
I am a regular at this spot. Past two visits the food quality was poor. Yesterday their relish was stale. The quality and service has dropped significantly in past 6 months or so.
Well, my favorite breakfast place just joined the mundane!  The quality and service still remain, but my favorite part of eating there, the weekend menu of surprise breakfast dishes is dead, the new menu is just like other breakfast places.  Please bring back the weekend imagination!
Elegant Reflections does an impeccable job with alterations and they are reasonably priced.  If you go there, you will encounter Eva and she is awesome and knowledgeable.  They make me want to go through my closet and find things to get altered.
Great hang out spot in Phoenix!    Staff is amazing and I will definitly come back next time in Phoenix!
expensive.\n\n1 star for the experience.
They used to have this chocolate waffle that was out of this world, not sure why they took it off the menu!! They have the chocolate french toast now, it's ok but the waffle was something else
It was tasty, but it was a bit of a wait...
The ambiance was nice but the food was pretty pricey for what they gave you. Food was okay, not great. Food took a while to get to us as well. It's okay if you're staying at the Excalibur but there are better Italian restaurants.
Breakfast sandwich has been great, and the donuts are pretty good. Employees could use some work. I wouldn't say they were rude, but they definitely weren't very welcoming. But since there's no DD by me, I don't mind stopping here when I come to Vegas
I've been to Fuego Bistro twice, both times the food was amazing!  Try a mojito with the Pernil Asado, you won't be disappointed.  The restaurant is small, and the staff is very friendly, they seemed to know a lot of their customers by name.
Ok rolls. Good but not too memorable drinks. Recommend it for the happy hour.
stayed in vegas a few days and was sick of casino/hotel/restaurant food. yelped some Nicaraguan options and this place came up. doesn't look like much but it's some of the best nica food i have ever had.
Terrible attitude towards customers
The food was so blah. So what if they offer a huge 42 oz root beer float. It costs $22 and is just a rootbeer float.
Fantastic place for a nice, healthy meal.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  It's also a good spot for a great smoothie.  The menu was put together by nutrition experts; a perfect post workout cafe.
One of the best Italian spots in the Greater Phoenix area....I dont understand the bad reviews on the food as I have been many times and have Never had a bad meal....Go and see if Im lying!
Eh, just OK.  I wasn't wowed by the food, and my horchata was very watery and too sweet (and served in a leaking broken cup).  In addition, there was a long wait to be seated, and once we were, service was a bit spotty.
Bland. While the decor is lovely and the customer service was above average, the food was just not impressive. I was disappointed, because the menu left much to desire. If you want some seriously great Thai food, try the Pink Pepper in Mesa.
Just saw the sign today. Borders on Mill is closing.. It's soon to be a ghost town around here. (But they are having a huge book sale so get em while they last).
Our stay in MGM was very nice. The rooms are spacious, very clean and neat. The hotel amenities are excellent. The only thing I would consider, if I was the hotel manager, pull the loudness of the music in the lobby a bit lower and chill the corridors of the hotel a bit less .
I did the tasting menu ! The short rib might have been the best I ever had !!! The service was great and the rest of the food and ambiance was a solid 4 stars.
Terrible customer service. Did you not read the sign on my door that said no soliciting??
We meant to go to Pampas for the cheap steak n eggs but ended up here due to their better prices. Service was great, food was amazing and I got two very good cocktails for $10. Great all around.
Love this place, but hate their hours. I live about a mile away, but work about 20 miles away so unfortunately there's always closed by the time I get home from work. Ruining a delicious dinner of their turkey ruben or a fluffer-nutter pre-dinner snack.
We have been dining at BG for several years now and it is still the best all around Indian experience we have found in Charlotte.
I've been here twice.  The food is not the issue.  The machines are super tight and the service is not very attentive.  And then after you've dumped your dough into video poker, they hit you with a bill for all your drinks!  YAY!
This my second trip to the course for Wells Fargo championship.  The course is amazing.  The upkeep of the entire grounds were amazing!
I agree with Ricky C.  was in Albertson's yesterday and also last week, Pork was $3.49/lb not on sale, today it was buy one get one free but the price was $6.99/lb, now how is that buy one get one free?  No store in the valley charges $6.99 for pork
Cheap hot dogs, some of the best fries imaginable, the Poutine is great, and the staff speaks English what more can a hungry drunk guy ask for??
Very poor service, unable to get the interest of staff to order dinner or get drinks.Several of us left after waiting over 25min at our table.to order and went across the street for dinner because we couldn't get anyone to take our order or to get a drink. It was not crowded at all
too expensive. I hate the loud as music and so forth. Coffee is just OK. Little to foofoo! \nI prefer Coffee Cartel or something similar. Not much to choose from in Tempe though.
Food was great. They've got a great menu to choose from....Also the service was excellent. I've been here many times and it's consistently been a great place to dine.
Got it for $14 a night on hotwire! Low minimum tables, friendly staff, clean rooms. You can't beat the riviera for vegas on a budget.
Very rude customer service after getting disconnected. Doesn't know how to find an address for apartments without building number. Many apartments don't have a building number. Have they ever used mapquest?
Couldn't have picked a better home base for our first trip to vegas. The resort is beautiful, the rooms are clean, modern and comfortable, the grounds and decor are fantastic, and the outdoor pools are a lot of fun. Also a great selection of shopping and restaurants on sight. I loved it and would stay here again.
I've been coming to Dr Carr and family for the past ten years. Five of which have been visits made even though I live out of state. I couldn't imagine going to another dentist. Great atmosphere, extremely talented staff, and the highest level of professionalism.
An experience
Not impressed. The staff was standing around, the pizza by the slice was limited to two choices that looks to have been sitting for a while and wasn't very good.  And no one seemed to really care.
Chez Cora...\n\nBecause sometimes you want an American-sized meal in Montreal.  \n\n_C$
I went here with really low expectations and they somehow managed to fall short. Quite possibly the worst restaurant experience I've ever had. In a group of 9, three people sent their food back. Great ketchup, though. I would definitely come back to try the other 56 flavors.
A pretty bad burger...  a burger should never come out wet.....  the bun was literally soaked.  I was very disappointed
Live music, great drinks and the nachos were to die for. Enjoy with a group not alone.
Far too many people and long lines both for counters and and fitting rooms. Try find other Premium Outlets for example near Los Angeles.
I had a groupon for Topit so I got a dozen cupcakes.  So far we have tried the chocolate with choc. frosting, the chai and the carrot cupcakes.  All were moist and the frosting was delicious.
Course quality was great but the rangers were aggressive and unfriendly.  It ultimately ruined our day.  I'd play here again,  for the benefit of the doubt, but with the other choices in the valley, they'd better up their hospitality Little bit.
Service was great and drinks were spot on. The food was uninspired and bland. Food quality was suspect. The price was decent but you get what you pay for i guess. This is off my list, way better options. I can see maybe dropping in for lunch and grabbing a burger but that's it.
I should have ordered the Bolognese, apparently.
im so happy i went to you!!! i looooove my extensions....  great personality, skill, and speed! thank you girl!
My man does it again.  Have taken 5 jackets to him now to tailor.  He has advised me on brands to buy that fit my build, told me to pass on tailoring pieces that will never fit me correctly, and repeatedly deliver quality work.  Highly recommend.
We only come here for two reasons.\n1. To pregame \n2. To play Buck Hunt.
used to be my heaven on earth - but not the same now as under new management/ ownership. Still got a nice covered front terrace to sit outside.
Amazing pancakes!  We had a few samples brought out for our group this morning and they were perfect. We had the server pick the spread and it would not have been my first choice, glad we let him. They were perfect! !
Traditional pizza is awesome. Delivery is very fast as well. They always tell me 40 minutes and then arrive in 15-20.
Nice decor, and atmosphere.  The food looked really great, the taste was good.  Its kinda pricey though, but a nice place overall.  Had a really nice dinner.
I haven't got my food yet but all I can say is that in order from this place multiple times. One thing I am sure about is there delivery is supppppppppper slow. Like you will die if you order delivery from this place
Great eye specialists. They have a wide range of state-of-the-art equipment to keep your eyesight primo. The office is very relaxed and beautifully designed. The doctors could not be more friendly and helpful. Overall great experiences every time I have an appointment.
All I had here was the pizza ... was hoping for something spectacular and just got \"ok\"  It wasn't bad, but again nothing impressive.  I think I will go back and try other stuff and maybe change my rating.  I will keep ya posted if I do!
I had the fish and tofu tacos for lunch. They use corn tortillas, which I respect. The fish was good and the tofu mixture was interesting, but the tacos were not particularly great.  The location seems good though. The bar has a lot of space around it, and I assume the patio is quite nice.
We were a group of 8 and ordered over 20 dishes.  My friend put it most eloquently: amazingestballs.
Was advised to come here. A little disappointed. Steak wasn't great. I always get a rib-eye cooked med/rare. It came out a little overcooked. For the price and atmosphere I expected much better.
Wouldn't let us in because my friend appeared to be too intoxicated. This was after the Chandler beer and BBQ fest. We had been drinking, but we were far from being intoxicated. I wonder why this place had so few patrons while the other 3 bars across the street were packed?
Otto is my favorite place for pizza in Vegas.  Served traditional style,  the Margherita is highly recommended for a healthy choice.  Nice relaxed ambience at the classy Venetian mall,  you may be lucky and catch a live puppet show during dinner in the courtyard seating area.
YUM!!\nThe English muffin breading is so PERFECT with these lovely sandwiches.. They are toasty, hot, and soft!!! love this place... :D
Delicious no lettuce salads - except they need to chop their cucumbers smaller. Very yummy food overall. Hate the seating atmosphere. Everyone is on top of each other and not in a good way. But, you can get it to go so thats a bonus.
Good food but nothing to write home about. I got a Mac and Cheese and it was over priced and under sized. Good location and friendly staff but even with that said I don't think I will be going back anytime soon.
The best
I have actually been to the location and the food is not bad but nothing to get excited returning back. Friendly staff and fun setup
Love this place...cool vibe, fresh breads, and unique options. So good.
Reasonable selection of shops and it's kept clean.  We had a bit of a challenge with navigation, but it was otherwise good.  \n\nDon't take the Calton Rd. (east) exit -- some sketchy characters hang around there.
Not what I call BBQ. Very commercial. Being from Texas I prefer smoked meat that is not cooked with the sauce on it. I prefer to choose sauce or no sauce. \n\nProbably ok for the casal diner\nIf you are picky about real BBQ. Keep looking.
The Pi\u00f1a Verde was delicious, however, the meat was over cooked for most of us. My lamb chops came out well done instead of medium. Kind of disappointing for a high end steakhouse.
They are the best!!!! lots of flavors great service!!!
i almost rented from the good thing i didnt because,the reservation i had made previously did not matter because they where out of cars when i got to the front of the line after waiting for almost an hour in line .never rent from them again
Teriyaki chicken sux \n\nSpicy ramen = instant noodles standard\n\nMy friends like to come here and I seriously dunno y....
dont go there he charged me an arm and leg for a transmission that went bad after 6 month and never took respnsibility for his mistake.....i recved the van from day one with tranny issues  and owner said it willv get better...and broke down again with thesame issue
I think this place is over-hyped, or maybe I'm not a big sandwich fan.
CLOSED!!!!!!\n\nWent to drop off some clothes today to find out this location has closed! There's a place off I-17 and thunderbird called \"Super Dry Cleaners\" if you need an alternative!
Terrible this will be their final chance, after an hour half they forgot to vacuum the back!! There was trash under the seats, windows had streaks . The exterior had dried water spots . R u kidding me ??!
Not too much to love or hate about this place.  Traditional Mexican fare for the masses.
Waited anxiously for this unique gourmet burger popularized by owner and renowned chef Gordon Ramsay.  The feeling of spontaneous joy after biting into this burger was nothing short of perfection. Savory, delicious and flavorful burger, instantly one of my top three burgers really enjoyed it.
Fuckture prune is the donuts on earth man! Fuckture prune is the donuts on earth man! Fuckture prune is the donuts on earth man! Fuckture prune is the donuts on earth man!
Had a fun promotion while I was in Vegas for my training. I had a great time and it has an amazing view!
Not that impressed.  Costs too much to wash the car, they didn't even vacuum the back and left streaks on the windows.  Won't be back.
So far, The closest to a real NY Bagel that Vegas has had to offer. Chewy bagel goodness; not frozen and not all out of proportion- you know that huge bready mess? they got it right Great taste and really good service.
I look to see pictures and read reviews before I go to the place. Just and FYI the girl that has all the bad reviews no longer works there (I asked), hahaha, but overall the food if good and very filling, the princes are fair. I would recommend to try.
The sisig burrito was dry, crunchy, and not what I expected. My friend got the Tocino burrito which was also dry and not sweetened at all.
Grade: C\n\nLunch was pretty good. The cashier may have been from another planet. I don't know what else to write.
This company rocks! We had no worries knowing they were caring for our pooches. They were diligent and detailed with their care.  We will definitely use them again and our dogs look forward to it too!
Horrible service.  Kitchen doesn't time plates well.  Wine list is the only redeeming quality.
The best chicken tenders ever!!! Don't forget to ask for the special sauce! You could tell that the chicken is not frozen; its fresh... How I miss that place.  Their toast is good too.
Always great service and surprisingly family friendly, especially on a Sunday afternoon.
Over rated! Very good presentation and service, poor flavor...
Great food, reasonably priced. But the one waitress/barmaid working in this small place with tacky decor seemed very nervous and unhappy to be there. A little odd, but it's the food that counts.
Bought the groupon, left 5 voicemails, never received a return phone call... had to eventually call groupon and get a refund.  Terrible!
Service was good, cocktails were excellent and you get to keep your glass, food was ok, a little bit like fast food, ok if you want to east on the run, place was huge.
This place is an absolute joke! They served me a beer but then carded me for my players card. The bartender had about 5 brain cells
We ended up only staying about 30 minutes or so.  It's pretty crowded on Saturday nights.  They have a pretty nice patio.  Seems like a fun place to hang out with a group of friends.
My coffee was good but the service at this location was horrible! Ps visit the one up stairs it's a lot better
Amazing. Amazing. Amazing.  Everything is always fresh and delicious.  I always get the club sub it's one of my favorites.  If you're a student just get the student deal it includes chips and drink.
Without a doubt, this gas station and it's constituents are the definition of white-trash. They constantly barrage customers with their own faulty opinions and make the paying people feel uneasy and awkward. Going into this place of business is definitely the worst part of anybody's day that lives in the area.
Really tricky location.  Stopped for an event tonight.  Just had a drink.  \nOk Drinks.
Loved this place!!! Fun instructors, full bar, good music, and good food!! Definitely going again!!
I found this place thanks to YELP but I wasn't impressed.  I love burgers and was really looking forward to eating here on my Vegas trip.  I got the KOBE burger with Bacon and Avacado.  What could be better, right?  It was just so so.  I wouldn't  go back again.
For airport Mexican food I will give it a little credit.  My suggestion is keep it simple, order something like a quesadilla where odds of failure are really low and you'll probably come out alright.
Nice services. Their drunken noodle tastes like basic chow fun. The green curry is decent. The sea food dish is relatively fresh.
Old fashioned deserves this 5 star rating for the food, ambiance and service.  I had a really fantastic meal there on Tuesday evening.
Food is just ok and the employees I've dealt with are so rude (girls) and if you ask them for anything they act put out.
Would not recommend getting your eye lashes done here! Uneven and and they started falling out within a week!!
Salsa and dips are runny, look and taste bad.  Not sure how a place with mex food this bad can stay in business.  Go somewhere better, why eat crappy food?
I love it! Good curry and great buffet price. Tandoori pollo is awesome. The place is very nice.
Maybe being in l Las Vegas a few days spoils you, had an afternoon snack , it was just ok, attentive service, bland fish tacos, horrible Quessadilla!! \n\nOverall  not a Fan.
Young man was very helpful in getting me into a new pair of Levis, but I was surprised at the lighting in this store.  It is very gloomy and dark... weird for a Dillards.
Half of my grilled cheese was not even grilled ... warm bread on one side. how hard is it to mess up grill cheese?!?!
If you have money to waste on mediocre food & service ..this is the spot for you.
While the place is nice looking and the service is ok, the produce buyer should be fired.  The past 4 times I have eaten there, and have ordered the same salad, the greens have been on the rotten side, this includes the cherry tomatoes and cucumbers.  I am not returning for a fifth time.
I called to make an appointment to fix a leaky spigot. Left a voicemail (no outgoing message), and have not received a repsonse 24 hours later. I understand this is a small business, but if you offer 24/7 emergency service, you should be able to at least call potential customers back quickly.
Worst service ever. Id rather walk. Claimed his debt card machine was broken, so I had to go to an ATM. I would much rather use lyft or uber. Driver was unfriendly, never again!!!
Boy do I love the Mexican pizza but outside of that not so much.
I used to like Tao but I have realized its more about the ambiance and less about the food. And sometimes that is fine, they don't disappoint. But for good sushi there are many other places for good food and less money.
This venue seems newer and improved from the Higley location, but the quality of the produce is so much less. Only one of the five items I purchased was edible.
The pretzels didn't look so fresh, and the shift leader has an attitude.
I use to go to Smiths all the time when I lived close to one but now it's  harder to get to one. This one has great donuts and they always seem fresh. Now that they carry blue bell ice cream I might be making more trips even though it's not close to my house
Seasonal beers can be quite good. The regular beers are OK to mediocre. \n\nFood is typical for bars but kind of pricey.\n\nThey don't offer entertainment unless your idea of fun is to sit in front of the bar and watch ESPN.
I shattered my iPhone 4S screen last night and came here today. The service was fast, friendly, and they were more than willing to give me a great deal. The location was a little hard to find, a little sketchy, but it was a diamond in the rough. Definitely recommend this place for any phone repairs!
This place is awesome... no where else in vegas can you truly tan 24hrs... met the owner shannon... very nice & helpful... i dropped my old membership & signed up with her the next day!
All very good food. You can taste the freshness and you can tell what's homemade. The service was great and the food came out fast. You should check this out for great fresh food and fantastic service.
Amazing dumplings. This is a tiny place, but the food they serve is really, really good. I didn't like their appetizers that much, but their dumplings are great. There wasn't much about this place that I didn't like.
Like the food but the overall experience here isn't as good as the one in Columbia, SC.  I think a little upgrading and decor touches could help, the food is really more like 3.5 approaching 4 star -- depending on the menu item.  Outdoor seating in season.  Location is convenient to South Park folks, and plentiful.
Great atmosphere . Food was outstanding ! Waitstaff was attentive and I didn't get hit on not even once! A must stop if your in the area for breakfast. Do it......do it.......do it.
Dr. Hanian has been our fantastic eye specialist since we moved to Scottsdale in 1996.  She is honest, has the most current equipment, a great personality, and a great staff!!  We highly recommend her to all ages!!
Waited a long time for my order. Customers that were not there when I ordered got their drink before me. When my order came, it was a completely different drink. They refused to give me my money back. I had to leave with nothing to get to work on time. I will not be going back to such a disorganized franchise.
You are better off taking a taxi for around the same price. The driver was very rude, we mistakenly heard the incorrect Hotel stop and instead of him apologizing for the misunderstanding. He continues repeating the Hotel over and over lol.. then says he even spelled it out..okay...Save yourself a headache and take a taxi
Tried this place again since I live so close to it and I am never going back. I grew up in Chicago and this is NOT authentic Chicago deep dish. The pizza is 80% dough and tastes bland and disgusting. Frozen microwave Connie's Pizzas from County Market taste more authentic than this crap.
Sitting at the bar... Service well below average. Great food, good drinks, just not very fast considering we were sitting in front of the bartender. Maybe just an off night....
I felt like I was in Chinatown because our waiter was rude. Anyway, we had wonton soup which was meh. My parents actually thought the wonton soup at PF Chang's was better. Lol.
I'm fairly certain this is the first restaurant I've eaten in where the server was chewing gum.    4 or 5 visits, but I think I'm done, none to write home about.  That's all I've got to say.
This is an average food spot with really good service. I'm not really big on all the wok stuff, so I had to find some alternatives...and, there really aren't many. We had a good time and our service was funny. I'd go back.
Great tortillas  I had the three tacos de Assad combo and got me a free churro with my order. A+ in my book.
Worst pizza I have ever had. I love pizza and I will eat any kind, any where. The pizza I had here didn't even taste like pizza. I said something and they just looked at me. Almost $9 for two slices and they could have cared less. Don't waste your time.
Owner is psycho but food is good. If you can ignore psychotic tendencies of the owner and mind your own business it's tolerable. But once again let me warn you, owner is a freak.
Tasted fresh. I ordered the ahi poke. Service was good and the fish tasted fresh. Little heavy on the soy. Not too much diversity in the rolls. Menu in japanese/english to cater to both cultures.
Favorite dishes: escargot, seafood crepe, mussels, salmon salad, and crab cakes.\nI always come here whenever I go to Vegas just to eat their escargots. Best escargot!!!
great for people watching or sitting with a drink while waiting to be seated at le provenal.\n\nthe gelato is refreshing but the food is on the junk food side. service is slow.
Came here for some carne asada & it turned out magnificent on the grill!  Will return for any future meat needs.
This is easily the best pool services I have ever used. Kevin is honest, prompt and fair. He takes the time to look at my equipment and advise. He knows all there is to know about pool service and maintenance.  Can't recommend him highly enough. Call him!  He will not disappoint!
A bit dark in the evening. Could use more signage. Customs can take a while, so don't try to cut your flight too close.  Staff is friendly and foods are overpriced. Otherwise, no complaints so far.
Hotel is very clean and the rooms are spacious. Nobody warned us about the noise from the early morning train.
I always love Red Robin... Their crispy chicken salad is definitely my favorite, and their burgers will never, ever let you down. This particular location was alright-- large, clean, nice service, but nothing special.
Fabulous meal.  We shared the pate appetizer.  I had the roast chicken and my friend had mussels.  We shared the chocolate mousse for dessert.  It was all so good and our waiter was terrific.  Definitely worth it.
My husband and I have grown so much spiritually since joining the church in 2007.  Attending has helped us to work to recenter our life around Christ, the sermons are easy to understand and incorporate in daily life.  The members are kind, and there is a nice balance of humor and seriousness.
I have eaten at several TdB's and the service and food is always amazing and the the one in LV definitely surpassed my expectations. Although we did have reservations, they over shot our reservations by 20-25 minutes. Order the pitcher of Sangria nad set back and enjoy!!
You have to try the kool salad is huge and really good but you can't go to LOLO and not try at least one piece of chicken is well done and good size pieces. ohh n of course you got get koolaid.
Americanized \"Japanese food\" with plenty of sushi rolls being offered - if you like your sushi rolls with a mayo based sauce, fried item of some sort, imitation crab, with a bit of avocado, this is the place for you.  On the expensive end - won't be back.
By far the most professional, and experienced, technicians.  Highly recommend this salon.  I speak from experience.
The noodle here is not very good. It was not cooked thorougly. I warn you. Do not get the smoothies. I think 7-11 slush tasted much better than this crap
feels like eatting at hometown buffet! most food are super oily and creamy.  they charged $35 ...for such service and food quality , i dont think its worth it. \nbest dish : watermelon o_O
Yet another cheap novelty shop that tries to pass itself off as artsy. \n\nI thought this fad had ran it's course by the late 90's!
We got delivery from Foodie Call, so I can't speak for the atmosphere or service, but this was one of the best NYC-style pizzas I have had in or out of NYC. Good stuff!
I LOVED it!  Can't stop thinking about it!  I would go watch it again!
I wrote a big scathing story, but decided just to put it simply.\n\nTheir water is cold. Go somewhere else if you need/want warm water to rinse your car or undercarriage.
My carnivorous cousin felt fulfilled and satisfied ... He may very well convert. He can't stop raving about this place!  I have a newfound appreciation for Chinese cuisine myself. Highly recommended!
Pretty good for fast food burgers. Nothing else really to say. I get the cheese burger with fries and it's just that. Good quality fast food but not amazing. I don't think any fast food burger can be amazing though. Their fries are average.
This location closed mid December 2011.  They have directed members to the LA Fitness at University & Stapley.  LA Fitness purchased a large number of Bally's, and are closing them/consolidating them to LA locations.
I have never been a big fan. \nBUT\nThe kids taco meal with Barbacoa, rice, chips and a drink for $4.01...perfect for a lunch. \n\nStaff was nice, place was clean.
Amazing Beef Carpaccio!!  Best we've ever had!!  Also great pastas and salads and really delicious sour dough bread!!
The crab legs were definitely bad, with an awful pneumonia taste when biting down on it.\n\nSadly, all the other food was excellent, but having some bad crab legs ruins the entire experience.
Its my second Year staying at Planet Hollywood . Last year it was the Eraser Room . And this Year its Goodwill Hunting . The Room and Amenities are superb and this years room overlooks the Pool. WooHoo.
Had a wonderful experience! Our pizza came out wrong and the manager, with out having to ask, too money off our bill for our troubles! The food was delicious and the service was great!
Food is very good. Only reason I don't give more stars is the price!!!
VERY high prices on most items, though they do have the advantage of a rather huge selection.  I come in for CO2 and SCUBA refills which they do efficiently and they are friendly and helpful.  Shopping here though will just empty your wallet.
We went here a few weeks ago. All I really remember is that the night was unmemorable. I had high expectations and left a little disappointed. Not that I won't ever go back, but it's not my first choice.
I will never set foot in another theatre again!\n\nThe sound.... blew my mind!  The theatre is super open and fantastic.\n\nSaw MIB III.   SUPER!
I have been here a few times. This place has a lot of neat and some oh well neat stuff. For the person who has the hankering to reminisce this is the place.
The food is alright, Only place I could find around for a quick bit to eat. I stayed at the Mandala Bay which is next to this place.
Oh yeah it's good. Good sandwhiches and pastries and coffee.
Folks, I will say it (write it) again; this place is AMAZING! The service is top-notch. Excellent food, atmosphere and ambience. Always a great, romantic time. Very professionally ran, the staff is great and establishment is modern and clean. HIGHLY recommended! Sexy...
Food was pretty good.  Guacamole and salsa was excellent; as was the mac & cheese!  The chicken enchiladas were ok.  It's more of a tapas place than a traditional mexican food joint.  Our server, Matt, was awesome.  If you get him, consider yourself lucky.
Service was best part of our meal experience. Pork tenderloin was over cooked, mixed veggies were flavorless, trout was dry and overcooked as was the salmon. Very disappointed as I know they can do better.
The one doughnut I had in the five times or so I've come here (I usually get a sammich) it was very dry. But I like the quiet environment and the coffee.
For dry cleaning they are extremely expensive. They are open everyday, however.
On our 1st anniversary trip to Vegas, we checked out Margaritaville located in Flamingo. We had the tacos and flavored margaritas which were nice. It was very festive inside with live music. Had fun. This place is recommended for families with kids
service was great, food was excellent and plentiful. Bring your appetite. mushrooms and of course their signature lobster mash was amazing
Tea Leaf... I think not.  Yes they have loose tea, but the staff have NO idea how old the stuff is, or how to prepare it properly.  Vegas may be the city of sin, but all that sinning doesn't include a good cuppa tea.
No stars for me where did all the good employee's go out of no where .. sorry you guys lost a loyal customer. Rude, manger took forever to help me with my concerns. Dont even know her name, someone needs to take this store over or bring back the old workers.
I have tried to make an appointment with Dr. Paul and there is no possible way\nThe staff is very cold and the person serving you is always busy and has little time for yourself.
Great place for lunch with the girls. My fat friends can eat fat things and my skinny friends can eat skinny things. The world is a happy place. Kind of expensive, but quality cost.
Ok I have to say it: sometimes the service here is just the worst. Not malicious, just incomprehensibly detached from reality. Aggressively helpful or just nowhere to be found. Generally nice but oddballs. When I put my finger on it I'll let you know.
Meh. The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. The sushi was pretty derivative and uninteresting. Prices weren't bad, so go here if you want a straight forward meal with a good atmosphere without emptying your bank account.
Very nice people, nice place inside, but not Thai food that's worth coming back for, very bland and the Thai coffee isn't right, maybe the owners would benefit from checking out Archie's or the noodle house..
Terrible online booking service. I were spent whole day on a website and couldn't get appointment. Site is crashing.
I was there this past week for my birthday & it was great. The bartenders Molly, Kelly, Scott, & Frits (2 Chainz) were awesome. See you in July!!
Not fresh and bland.  Wish I hadn't wasted the visit...can't believe everything you read on Yelp.
Went there for lunch and had the \"Hambagu Steak\". It was the worst Japanese Hamburger Steak I've had... absolutely no flavor! That's 1 dish the Japanese have perfected, but Cafe de Japon destroyed it. The Neapolitan Spaghetti was also blah...
Just a basic  joint serving basic food. It's about as worn-out as the food they serve. Good place to go for the stuff you could prepare at home.
Stopped back in the other day to grab a few more cigars for my trip to Mexico.  While I still like this place...they are SUPER ANAL about not touching the cigars.  The owner stands in the humidor while you shop to make sure you only pick up product that you are buying.  Rather bizarre.
Years later and I returned here for a quick dinner. The service and food has remained standard. Quickly prepared. Decent for a chain.
Other reviews of this \"Long Wong's\" can be found here:\nhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/long-wongs-tempe-3\n\nIncluding my 2 star review. I updated it from 1 because of the live music.
I have been to three smashburgers around AZ, and this is by far the best one. At least at this location, there is consistency. Food is made well and warm. It is a bit expensive, but quite good I think.
Great atmosphere. Chopped salad was great. Lamb burger was far too gamey and fries where mediocre.
XS may be one of the best nightclub in vegas! but it has the worst service ever. i hate XS with a passion. its too crowded! and the lines are LONG! even with table services u would still have to wait in that loooonnnnggg line! will never come back even if u gave me money
Fun outdoors atmosphere. Decent staff though nobody will approach you unless you seek them nor greet you when you walk in or wait. \nFood mediocre, & don't try to eat while seated outside as your food might taste like ashes considering the number of smokers who I'm assuming come to the establishment for that sole purpose.
This food is no joking matter. It is fab!!! Also surprisingly cheap for Ballantyne.
Came here because of the TV show Diners Drive In' s and Dives.  This place was just ok. Service was just ok. We ordered the Nachos and when he brought it to us he said he would bring the guacamole and never did.  The tacos were different but just ok. I probably would not come again.
Great food & service. Tried the Gyro and love it. Great Patio!
I absolutely love this barn! The facilities are nice and well taken care of, and the horses are well cared for. I have been boarding my horse here for a while and could not be happier! The people are nice and the trainers are great. I'm so glad I found this place:)
South point is a clean and child friendly place to go bowling.  They have sizes that fit my 3 year old and she can get the ball down the lane. It's a bowling alley so not really much to say.  It really is the only place we go when we want to go bowling.
Loved the shepherd's pie.  Waitress was good and attentive.  I love Irish bars.  I think it's best place I have gone to for a place on Fremont Street.
I really hope I just caught this restaurant on a bad day. The food was bland and tasteless, with hardly any sauce in some of the wraps. And the noise level is atrocious. Avoid.
Horrible service, too much attitude and disgusting bathrooms!  Used to love coming here, will not go back again.
I've always wanted to try this place but never got to until I went to Vegas. It's pretty much like the Cheesecake Factory. It has a huge menu, with many different foods and everything we ate was delicious. The portions were huge though, so make sure you're hungry.
tasty nigiri - you'd want to stick to the nigiri and anything written on the board\n\nmust add quail egg on something\n\norder anything from the grill
Go to Walgreens instead, it is cheaper and better
Hands down my favorite restaurant I've tried in the Phoenix area in the year I've been here. Great food, great service, reasonable prices (especially if you Groupon it).
Great hotel. Bonus is the 'free munchies' from 10pm-5am available at the front desk. Rooms are stellar, and staff are always willing to assist for help.
Great high quality italian for the family that is CONSISTENT every Time!
Having been stuck here many times, once with a baby for 5 hours I can say it's not a bad airport to be stuck in!
Very good, inexpensive pad thai.
Really impressed with this place. Food and service was great. Late night sushi starts at 10:30. Our waitress was really nice! Best waitress that we've had in a long time, wish I knew her name. A really nice and clean restaurant!
Love the food here. So far everything I've tried has been good. Inside the restaurant could use some improvement. Whenever I eat from here I take it home because I don't like the inside but the food is great.
It was a good place with decent food and solid service. Nothing spectacular but conveniently located. Prices were cheap and my omelet was what I expected!
I am in love with this place!! The girls that work there are aaamazing. So sweet and helpful.  I always spend too much money there! I wish prices were a little lower, but I just can't resist!
The Mango Shrimp salad was very good!  I've had it several times, so I'll have to explore other items on the menu in the future.
Its good, sometimes the topping options are stale/old. Pistachio is the best flavor but comes and goes. The kids working don't know most of the products as well. But its down the street and easy to go to!
It was really 4 and I gave it 5 to balance out the 3's.\nOur server, Carol, was excellent! She's beyond GREAT!\nTry the man candy and the self-serve wall of beer!\nThe chocolate stout is excellent!
Good spot to eat on the strip. Nice views of the strip and good food and good drinks. Took us awhile for someone to get our drink order but after that service was pretty solid. Had the shrimp tacos and they were knock out
Poker room is comfy, games are small stakes. Friendly dealers. Pretty standard as far as small Vegas card rooms.
Cute little family owned restaurant thats been around for a while. Extremely tasty, low price Indian food. You get the daily special for about 5 bucks which comes with naan. Grab a samosa too for sure. The food sometimes tastes a little greasy which I'm not always down with but its still great food.
First time to use PreFlight and was very satisfied.  Fast, efficient, & reasonably priced. Plenty of parking and when you pay in advance, check out is very fast and simple. Will use them any time I have to fly.
Long wait for table....... Turned to short. I like this place more !
I wish I could rate the store, but there was a sign on the door (around 1:30pm) saying \"Be right back, sorry for the inconvenience\". It didn't mention how long, so rather than wait, I just left. I have added a photo of the sign on the photos section
Food is horrible! The only thing palatable to my husband and myself were the eggs, but then again it takes a moron to screw up eggs. We both agree to never eat here again for breakfast or otherwise.
Provably the best place in town.\nBest Ambiance\nBest Cuisine \nBest Service\nCleanliness: 10
Great outdoor seating.  The interior was definitely someone's residence at some point.  Plenty of TVs for games.  The heat lamps outside and bar outside was key.  Beer selection was average, and we didn't have any of the food.  Overall an excellent time at the selwyn pub
Mexicali burger is aces.  Cheers to the mock Chicken teriyaki bowl
Management at this location needs some work. I have been to this location multiple times now as I love Chipotle, but this location is not run well.
Good products.  Horrible service.  I cannot cancel an internet order.  They tell me on the help line that they cannot even though the order says to.  Also they do not respond to customer service e-mails.  Do not order from these people as they do not have control over their own systems.
Way better than I expected after reading the reviews. Maybe I was just hungry but the food actually tasted good. The crab legs were pre-cut, the prime rib was decent quality, and my favorite things were the clam chowder, spicy tuna rolls, and mashed potatoes..
The service was ridiculous, took about 20 min before our server attended us after being seated in what felt to us like a high school cafeteria.  After the food was finally brought out it was cold and didn't taste like eatable.  I would never go back.
I used to work at a place where we would sometimes get free pizza from them and every single time, the pizza was disgusting, and every time, I had heartburn and felt ill after eating.\n\nPeople, the pizza here is just plain bad.  You've been warned.
Great service.  Extremely knowledgeable.  Eugene was great!
Chandler Location. The dressing room attendants are quite pissy! Otherwise, It's ok. Some of their clothes are so super duper UGLY and I wonder who would ever buy such an awful garment! Just be prepared to do a lot of flipping through racks If you want to fine something cute.
What a wonderful experience. The wait staff was friendly and quite helpful. The waiter recommended my new favorite wine. The ambiance is sophisticated but yet casual. The food was delectable and the presentation quite stunning.
If food were the only rating factors, I'd have given our Anzios experience an additional star (3).  I was disappointed ownership decided that smack-dab in the middle of the noon lunch hour (12:15) indoor construction (saws, nail guns, etc) on the booths was exceptable.  We were shocked!
Excellent BBQ!! The sauce was just the amount of spice and the BBQ was tender and perfectly grilled. A little out of the way in North Las Vegas, but worth the drive.
I can't get passed the cook (female Asian) touching her hair, eating random food, and touching her face without washing her hands while cooking. Nasty.
One word BORING!!!! This can't be the best show in Vegas! I had more fun watching the Ringling Bros. Circus!! Seriously save your money on a better show!
One of the best selection of tiles can be found at Pacific West Flooring and prices are the lowest in Las Vegas. I know, I drove 3 days until I found what I was looking for. It's great to find a product that you like with incredible price to go with it. :) 2 thumbs up!
Made the mistake of coming here on opening day.  Not a good idea for someone with anxiety issues.  They had a bunch of really good deals, but I fear it is probably going to be the same as going to Walmart.  And I HATE going to walmart.
My last trip and I do mean last trip to this Einstein's I was treated to several of the staff TWERKING around the place. And the ones who were not twerking were laughing like crazy. What has happened to this place
The yogurt is very good. They make their own flavors I now know. The service and friendliness and neighborhood personal feel is so great. Have loved this place for years now and it just keeps getting better every time I go in.
Problem is, this place has been closed for over a year. \nNot much profit in a coffee & talk.
One of my favorite Happy Hour locations.  Admittedly, i've never eaten there, not during happy hour.  The Happy Hour sushi menu is great for me, a non-sophisticated sushi eater.  Hot sake is a good deal too.
I've been here twice for lunch, and it's very good! I love authentic Mexican food and this definitely hits the spot. The price is good, too. I hope La Palapa sticks around because Southside was in need of a good, authentic Mexican restaurant. It finally has one!
Service was slow in the beginning, French onion soup is gross, and the salad was soggy. Our dinner were amazing though! The Shrimp Trio was SO good!! Best aparagus ever!
Horrible restaurant. They don't seem to care about customer service, and very often make errors on my order. I usually have to repeat my order at least twice. I know its fast food - but this place is bad.
Shrimp po boy was delicious. Quickly prepared and exceeded expectations. Would definitely recommend.
Horrible! I had to pull the cosmetic gal away from the mirror twice to get her to help me. The way they display their Ultra products are the worst! I think I will make the trip to the one on 215 and rainbow!
Seriously? 1.5 hours to get a wire transfer?  This is ridiculous. Bank elsewhere.
Best carne asada in the valley!  These tacos taste just like the ones in Rocky Point. The line can get long, but the food is awesome and the prices are great!
decent mexican food at reasonable prices.. would not be my first choice for mexican..
Friendly, but they do not accept Starbucks cards. No points, no stars, no paying for beverages.
Way overpriced for the quality. I ordered a 16\" pizza w/2 toppings, it was $21. I thought it must be good to charge that much. The flavor was fine, but not worth it. Half the pizza was all crust. I'd go to Grimaldi's for a cheaper and better pizza.
Waited forever in drive thru to finally get my order that was wrong. I could here the employees inside complaining about the lines and really didn't want to be at work. Once home the sides were cold and coleslaw tasted spoiled. Will NOT return
The guys at The Apple Xchange replaced my iPad glass in TWO hours! Great staff, very nice location, and great prices. Absolutely recommend them for any Apple product repair or purchase. Thanks again guys
Great price
Honest and fair. The owner is the one who works on your car so you know he is serious about the business. Friendly and quick. It is a little pricey though.
Self serve frozen yogurt? What's not to love? Great selection, excellent taste, and a toppings bar that can't be beat! We come here regularly and for those of you looking for a good fundraising location, yes, they do offer fundraising for non-profits! Will be back soon!
Always good and always friendly service. Have even ordered dishes that weren't on the menu and they made it no problem and it came out great. No complaints at all. Definitely worth stopping by and trying for yourself.
Howdy!\n\nPiesAnna is an awesome restaurant. Not only are the pies delicious, but the other food that they make is great as well
Inventory is great, but the prices are higher than most gun stores in the area.  Customer service is ok.
This is my favorite part of this airport. I love when I have to fly through Charlotte so I can stop in there. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, drink, snack - It's all good!
Beau concept, nourriture tr\u00e8s agr\u00e9able :)\nBel endroit pour manger entre amis \u00e0 bon prix.
Love this place! Its a little hard to find but so worth it. Plenty of wine to choose from. Amazing chopped salad and fondu.
awesome burrito's
I have been to over 12 Cirque shows. Zarkana had its high and lows. Overall I was extremely impresses with the lady doing the sand art. The show envirnment in the Aria was accomidating and comfortable.
I can honestly say that I had the best steak in my entire life at Aureole. Come ready to spend a fair amount of money, it ain't cheap here!
I would never go here again though they have a vast amount of different flavored wings as I tried 5 different flavors none were too appetizing if you happen to find yourself check out the salt n pepper wings they were different I've never seen that flavor before as a wing contra sore
Must see.....great trip down memory lane of the great music of the 70's and 80's love that ROCK N ROLL!  Enjoyed the show, great entertainers!  Great value and lots of fun!  Best show I've seen in a long time......we will go again
Great cocktails & tableside gauc\nanxious to see how they progress in the coming months as they settle in to their new digs\ntry the hominy posole!
Not to mention there are always a line of taxis directly outside to take you anywhere you could possibly hope to go.
Just stop by to look at the new CRV and met my sale person Kevin Vo very good service and finally we bought the car. two thumbs up. Andrew Suriyakam
Where can I start. Breakfast burritos are some of the best in town. Green chile and red chile burritos. Great fast and friendly service. The Nachos are great especially the ones with the meat on top. I go here atleast 3-4 times a week.
This is a nice hotel in the downtown/fremont area. The pool area is nice,  just wish the pool was heated and wish it was all Non smoking. The rooms are on the smaller side, but clean and well maintained.
The bobby is the best sandwich ever made! I love it. $20 for a 20 inch sandwich is a great deal, half for now half for later. Can never go wrong with a great pulled turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce, stuffing, and added lettuce. If you never been you must go!
Totally amazing burgers and beer!  It's a very fun atmosphere and a joy to go to before a show at the Fillmore.  I plan to come back!
I traveled from Iowa to go see Dr. Steinberg. Michael made me feel comfortable and did a great job on my teeth. Next time im in AZ im going to make sure to go again.
I cannot say enough about the queso and chips. I don't know what the spices are but you can smell it a mile away and it is awesome. The crispy fish tacos are amazing. Order many. And to top it off Management gives good customer service.  Bravo!
Sad that the B-Connected 5% off promo no longer works here. Well, it was good while it lasted. As such, it's not as cheap as ARCO, but still a pretty decent value when you need to fill up.
I recently bought health insurance through Rob. He is truly an expert and made it so easy. Why go to some website that doesn't work when you can just call Rob. I highly recommend him to everybody.
Field Kitchen is closed! They are switching it back to the original Sweet Tomatoes and will reopen in April.
I loved the free wi-fi...but the coffee was just ok.  Wish that they would switch to a different brand of soy milk since the Silk soy has a pretty strong flavor profile.
Not much to say about this place, overprices and i could say one of the worst pho meals i have ever had.
First started working out here about two months back and let me tell you, the staff is AMAZING. The equipment is great and the staff really takes the time to work with you and make sure you get the results you want. Definitely recommend LA Boxing! I think they still let you have one class for free so check them out.
Food is ok service is crap rude waitress and bartender can't make drinks. I feel like people in Fountain Hills settle for this place because there is not much around. I recommend that you make the drive to Four Peaks instead.
Most creative bar tender EVER!
Great staff... The young gal at the Drive Thru is amazing.. Very friendly and professional... XXL nacho with xtra beef is the way to go..
I've been to Papago and handful of times and love the low-key tavern like environment. I have only tried their Orange Blossom Beer- It is tasty. I want to go back and try their food.
Really good food, service, atmosphere! Pricey.
Small little laid back place. Friendly service & atmosphere. Chicago themed.. Even better! Good pizza & good deals. Place was kinda smokey.. I could do without that.
I was cautious because of the two star reviews. \nI had great turkey and kale...the kale was a bit salty but the fact that they had kale in a number of ways was impressive. \nI would come back.
I hate this place... and they only reason I go there at all is because I work in the same shopping center.  The owner is so rude and it seems like everything is a hassle for her...  I have been going in there for over a year, but after today... im done.
This place is just a mess. My friend booked this place.  What a mistake.
In a city where everything is over the top and fake.  This place is just enjoyable.  Food is decent and the service is good.\n\n\n\nThanks jimmy!
OMG what an awful service and horrible options. NEVER going back to this one!
Brunch was awful, service was slow, waiters were judgmental, but I'd go back for the laughs.
This is a great place for groups. It's loctaed in the W Hotel. Good location. Every time a group walks in the chefs make lots of noise. They gave shots on the house and made the meal quite enjoyable!\n\nThe sushi was good, not spectacular but very good!
My favorite sushi joint. \nService was great and the food is greater.\nHad all you can eat. Dollars well spent.
Great authentic thai food and exceptional service!
Happy hour was dreadful. I did not dig the crowd either, not a very happening place. could have potential because of the cool basement feeling. however, not a lot of options
My husband and I think Fat burger is the best tasting burger we ever get. When we try new places we always compare the burger to fat burgers and fat burger always wins. A  place may have better fries but will not have have a better home cooked burger
The most disgusting bathroom I've ever seen!!! I sure hope the kitchen isn't taken care of the same way. Will never go to this one again.
Perhaps it was an off night, but we were really disappointed in our take-out. My husband's pork fried rice was not fried rice...still don't know what it was. His Gen. Tso's chicken was flat and my cashew chicken was flavorless. In the past it has been good food.
I reserved a long time in advance for a friend's birthday.  We requested a table in a quiet section and this wish was granted.  The service was ok.  The decor is nice.  It is a bit loud and crowded.  The food was ordinary.  I was expecting better.
This place has gone down hill over the last five years. I used to eat here every week for lunch and now i cant go back. Especially since Tai left. The new manager cares only about profits and annoying customers!  Price is way too high for the crap food you get. I used to love this place. Too bad.
I stayed in a tower room. Pretty decent, but $5.99 / day on your credit card for internet kinda sucks.\nI was very impressed with the size and taste of the 3 egg omelet at the coffee shop. OMG, just order one and split it with a another person.
The food here was very good. Something that myself and our entire group enjoyed were the complementary flour chips and salsa. We all agreed that it was some of the best we've ever had. The service was okay but we didn't see her very much and we felt pretty rushed to order. Overall we enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.
It is really hard to describe this show... but Wow!  You will find yourself intrigued by this talented group.  I've seen it a few times and loved that it was free.  I would pay for this show though.  \n\nGreat interaction with the crowd.
It's neat idea however its way over priced! The place is tiny! I'm glad I checked it out but I would never go back.
Late night eats on the Miracle Mile.
While we were happy with the quality of the cabinets we received here, the customer service was abysmal. If you don't mind not getting phone calls returned and constantly badgering for the latest status, go somewhere else. You might end up paying a little more, but it will be worth it in the end.
Horrible! Ordered biscuits and gravy. They were out! Got cin roll that was hard! Breakfast Burrito was bland. Will not be coming back. Menu is lacking!
What a great place to eat.. Awesome food and great service. Just do the call in reservation thing first or else you may wait a while before being seated.
Pizzeria Butana\n\nWhere they treat their customers like dogs!
AMAZING! I love this place! SUCH friendly products! Good for the body! The people there are such great friendly people too!
Viva FnB!!!!!!!!!  Just Phenomenal....truly one of the best dining experiences my wife and I have enjoyed anywhere.  The  Service, Seasaonal Food, Ambiance, and Wine list are just superb.
After writing this review and the comment left by Joseph I got a call from a collection agence. They are claiming that they provided services that they did not.  Stay away from this guy.
I would never go again. Food was cold and not fresh. I had to send back my fries because they were cold. Service was mediocre. Although the vibe was pretty cool. \nYou would get a better meal at Denny's.
Just another poorly run Chandler restaurant.  How come service is not important here?  Can't tell who your waitress is, manager walks around but doesn't accomplish anything.  Have to fight for a seat, even though your name is on a list, they let people walk in a just grab a seat from under you while waiting.
Great place always packed cause irs good just wish it wasnt always so packed so there is a small down side to this place easy quick menu always with a todays special.
Good local sub shop.
This is a mall, and they have stuff you can buy. Usually crowded on the weekends by people that don't know how to get the hell out of your way.
Wal-Mart is Wal-Mart.  This location is very messy unorganized and everything else.  Sometimes you just have to go where you are at.. But I do my best to  avoid coming to this location.
The fries meal is flippin awesome and the hunky bartenders in logger outfits are a nice touch. Top ten favorite bar downtown.
My review was taken down? I still think the service is poor and the food could be whipped up in about a minute. No mas!
Don't drink the water... or eat the food. I got serious, serious food poisoning from this place.
First time here and I love it!! I love the liners that they have in the tub- super clean! The ladies here are all very sweet. I will definitely be coming back!
Great old-school d\u00e9cor and feel, coupled with great food- I will definitely be back when I'm I'm town.
i love the outlets. It has more shopping selections i love.
My wife and I took our 20 month old here to eat. Food was what you would expect, not great and not horrible, just average.  Excellent service, very accommodating for people with kids, and fast service.  Four stars for service and attentiveness, 3 stars for food.
About as good as Poutine gets however... Service is reasonable. Prices - fair. Selection - great. Burgers (yes, burgers) - very good.
Decent food if you're looking for something on the cheaper end (especially since everything else is so expensive).  They're also open 24 hours so it's a nice option for late night hunger.
best sushi in the area. They actually have real wasabi here if you ask for it. The Henderson Roll rocks too, love the sauce on that one.
Food is incredible, good pricing. No reservations unless you have 8 people but its impossible to get a table for 7 in the evening. Also, the valet only parking is dumb.
Be prepared for a wait, and amazing food. Average service. Waitress will say \"I'll be right back with that,\" and it will never come.
By far, the WORST of all the Hobby Lobby locations in valley!! I have been to six other locations besides this who all have supurb customer service with knowledgable staff and competent managers. Glad I am only visiting this side of town.
Beautiful, clean, and wonderful customer service.  The employees see helpful and patient for comic novices like myself. They always have great events for the whole family or just the adults! The owner is an incredible representation of how local businesses give back and improve our community. Make mine maximum!
Lots of hype...lots of disappointment\n\nMaybe because it was Friday, but this place was empty. Cool atmosphere, but the deejay was horrible! He kept mixing the music too fast and the transitions were bad. Just when you would start getting into the song it was being mixed with something random.
Our waitress Saki was very bubbly. I love bubbly people!! I lived everything about this place, mostly the dessert of course!  I don't recommend getting the duck though, that was the only thing I didn't care for, everything else was A+
First time and everything was impressive! Hummus was smooth and the chicken and steak platter was juicy and flavorful! So glad we tried this place! A great healthier takeout option and close! Will definitely be going again soon!
I've been here two times and I have enjoyed both the food and the service.  While the pizza might not be on the level of Pizzeria Bianco, I thought it was very good and for lunch, they have a great deal.  For $9.99, you choose a salad and a 9 inch pizza- definitely a reasonable price!
Usually I dread getting anything fixed on my car. luckily, I've always had a good experience at the tire works off blue diamond. I've had Rob and Christian work on my car. They're both friendly and honest. I will defintly be back in the future.
Employees more worried about gossiping than serving customers. Almost 5 am and I waited 8 minutes for 2 breakfaat  sandwiches. This place is a joke.
When you walk the cobble stoned streets of Old Montreal, you feel like you are walking down a European street. So beautiful, so quaint and is a must for any person visiting Montreal. Great dining in the area.
Awesome Awesome food, John our waiter was friendly and knew his menue items. He suggested some great food and beer. The wait was 20 mins but worth it.
Best managed Subway, anywhere. The staff are very friendly and very fast. Try a veggie patty sub with avocado next time you are in the area!
Don't give 5 stars almost ever. But this is the quintessential barber shop. Great atmosphere and a tremendous value. It's the CHEERS! Of hair.
Loved my breakfast! Prepared just how I like it, good service & clean premises. I could do without the waitresses in their jammies, but that doesn't downgrade my rating. Thanks!
This review is for all Valley Circle K's.  The stores are generally filthy, dirty and sometimes disgusting.  \n\nHowever, the employees are much nicer and chattier than years past.  The only reason why I frequent Circle K is because of the 79 cent fountain drinks and their hot dogs.
The fried chicken is nothing special. The entire experience is like (what I would imagine would be) going to an \"American Fast Food\" joint in the Philippines. Which is kitsch and cute, but we're not in the Philippines, and there's both better Filipino food and American food readily available nearby.
The worst place I've been too!\nBurnt so called hash browns, burnt french toast. Very dry pancakes and crumbles to pieces. \nI don't recommend going for breakfast. You're welcomed to see for yourself.
Best brunch I had had for months.
Absolutely the best people watching to be had on a Sunday at 1AM. \nFood is consistent and it is a fun atmosphere. \nVery friendly servers. I get to order by picture! Best part.
Sadly this place has changed for the worst. I wish I had written a review when I loved this place but now its just disappointing.
Food was OK not great how ever the crab cake was terrible the worst I have ever had. The service was even worse. The staff clueless unfriendly and rushed everything. The restaurant was only a third full . Now I know why.
Note that the shop is not in the strip mall but in a building in the parking lot of the strip mall.  Also, closed on the weeknight I was there.
The Beach Pit is a place that I want to try again. I had a pulled pork sandwich and kind of rushed through it. I wish I could say that the flavors were on point, but I don't really remember. Next time I'm on mill I will try the food again, just so I can give more of an accurate review.
Nice simplistic atmosphere, very good selection of local brews and friendly bar staff. If only they served food they'd be batting 1000!  I recommend checking them out!
The Brig is ... fine for a cold beer after a bike ride, but I can't see any other reason for going there. It's bland, full of kids, huge car park and right by the dual carriageway ... lovely! But it does the job when we need a beer on the way home.
Orders of curry chicken with potato and sizzling beef did not disappoint.  Service continues to be friendly.  Since I had to rearrange our dining due to the Border Grill incident, I allowed this gift certificate to expire so only the paid value was applied to the bill. Not a problem as the promotional value was only $10.
Food always good. Service is always fast and friendly. Prices are inexpensive.
I was very disappointed with the quality of the food. The sweet potato fries was burnt and over fried. The trifecta crawfish tasted bland and lacked flavor. However, the severs and staff are friendly.
Slow service, dirty dining area, medicore food.  Not one of the better BK's in the Scottsdale area.  Play area for kids is decent though.
Great coffee.  Had a double espresso.  Very good flavor.  Nice comfortable interior.  Knocking one star off cause their wifi NEVER WORKS.
Very good taco shop. Carne asada is awesome and so is chicken.this is real mexican taco shop stuff.  If you like Taco Bell stay away, if you like the real deal go here.  Get yourself a carne asada burrito and you will not be sorry.
Buyers beware.
Great value for a sit down place. Food was good. Getting into the parking lot was a little tight, but manageable.
Still the best place in town to get great food with great company. Ive been going here since i was 10(im 25 now) and its still my most favorite place to come for lunch dinner or that late night shift. The service is awesome and the people i still remember as a kid are.still here. Keep it up :D
Let's just sum it up quickly. Wait was terrible on a late Thursday night. Finally seated, 15 mins before they took our order. Food came out, cold and or overcooked. Only good thing was our waiter, he was doing his best. Will not be returning with all the late night choices down Central.
Why is it whenever I visit Lees I get the impression from the staff that they are doing you a big favor selling to you. No one ever asks if you need help. No where near as good as Total Wine.
Really?!?! On a Friday night they did not open till 10pm!!! Not at all impressed! Totally not what we expected either on the inside! I would not recommend this place at all!
Service was excellent.\nFood was good. $80 pp no drinks, Good? Meh.\nJust another slighter better overpriced steak house in Vegas.
AWESOME. \n\nAnd sometimes when it's really busy, they take you to magical rooms of the building that you don't even know exist for extra seating. \n\nBut really everything is good here.
Attention KMart Bosses. Perhaps management will realize that they need more then 3 registers open on any given day
We had lunch here. Although expensive, it wasn't good. Service was ok, not expected. The service poured water and the pitcher spilled water over the salmon plate yikes... not recommended
Was in and out in 10 minutes. Had a cracked iPhone 5 screen and purchased the groupon ($89 for 1 Iphone5 repair worth $150)\nThe guy told me it'd only be $100 which really only saved me $11 but whatever. I needed it fixed, and it's fixed no problem ;)
The location of Il Fornaio is great...nice to be able to sit out and watch people in the casino.  The service was also really great.\n\nHowever, although the food was good, I struggle to give more than 3 stars, because I thought the price tag was really high for what we ordered.
Love speciality grocery stores, as I frequent Earthfare & Fresh Market, but I was a little disappointed will the limited selection here. Although everything I did purchase was great, I still had to go another store to get some salad items, vegetables, etc.  Overall, I will be back for speciality items, like wine & their desserts.
Horrible Service and I would've totally gave more stars if their so called famous desserts was anywhere decent, but IT WASNT !!! YUCk! Specialty Drinks.... YUCK! Seriously it's only good for picture taking other then that.... STAY CLEAR!
Great, healthy food and juice options. Salad choices are all interesting and pair well with the fresh juices. Lots of outside seating, complete with organic dog biscuits for your 4 legged friends.
Great fast food!!! Yummy chicken!!!!  Always superb service!\nGreat Breakfast too!!!!
Terrible club, don't waste your time here. There are so many better clubs out there. I don't understand why you have to line up when you have a VIP ticket, and on the guest list, so confusing, noone knew what they were doing AND when you get inside the club was empty. Really really disappointing.
While there are some decent restaurants here, and the Arizona Center itself is very nice to walk around, there aren't enough stores here to entice people to stay here for more than the time it takes to eat a meal here, or watch a movie at the AMC.
Love this place.  First came upon it through Groupon and we have been going back ever since.  The atmosphere is rockin as well.  Have daily specials that are worth it.
For my first review I'm happy to see the place is closed. I was heading to Smash Burger next door and noticed the for lease sign.  It used to be a great spot in NE Mesa but over the past 5 years has gone to crap.  I hope something new comes in soon.
Place is always clean, good is always fresh and staff is always friendly.  A little pricey for sandwiches but they do come with a cookie and wifi!
Nice upscale bar with great atmosphere. Bartender Chris Russell is great! He made our visit the best. We will definitely come back!
As far as lunches on a budget goes, no one beats \"Earl of Sandwich\".  Fresh food, quick service, and best of all:  Fantastic flavors.  I recommend \"The Original\".
Great food and great atmosphere!
Worst iced mocha I've ever had. About like a chocolate protein shake. Internet was down more than it wasn't. Maybe I came on a bad day, and maybe I picked a bad drink. Oh well. Just a Starbucks wannabe shop for me.
5 Stars\n\nOne Dish\n\nChilean Sea bass Steamed \"Hong Kong Style\" with Soy, Sherry and Ginger\n\nThats it!
Being a rum bar, you would think they know how to make a mojito. Unfortunately, this was the worst one I have ever had. Absolutely terrible, when I sen it back, they made me another one and it was just as bad. Should have just went to the pinkberry across the terminal...
Great choice of sweets old and new! Something to suit everyone's price range and friendly staff too!
This is where it's at.  The best soul food in town.  Prices really cater to working class folks.  I love the food and service.  Family oriented and great atmosphere.
pretty good pizza. Not my favorite but I would eat there again if somebody else wanted to. their largest pizza is comically large.
Seriously, Woohoo! As good as it gets. The world would be a better place if all the stores treated their customers the way they do at Bob's Bike shop. Dale is absolutely awesome.
Great people great location and great product.  I highly recommend this place and these guys.  They are very knowledgable and willing to take the time to sit down with you and make sure that you understand everything.
The happy hour menu is outstanding. Great service as usual. The bar staff gets to know your wants and needs the more you go. The spicy calamari-Excellent. Sushi Trio-Just right.  Sake Sangria-Yummy! Complimentary Mochi-Perfect!
For this price range, Cafe Zupas definitely earns 5 stars! You could spend as much at many other places and not come even close to the quality of the food or the experience.  First time here, and will definitely be back. I had the chicken pesto sandwich and the tomato basil soup. Perfect!
Downstairs bar is now smoking only - no food. I also caught a rumor that they are re-filling their premium liquor bottles with generic brands.  Like I said - Rumor. \n\nUsed to have great food. Now it has smoking.
Awesome experience at this regional airport! Quick check in and friendly AND fast TSA. Loved the attitude of all the personnel. Overall extremely impressed with Dane County Regional!
Went by this place last week and it is now closed down..\n\nLooked like they are preparing to raze the building.
Nice tacos and burritos.  Fantastic baby banditos (mini chimis).\n\nThe food was hot when delivered and the supply of condiments was plentiful.\n\nA very pleasant and affordable experience.
I know people say this stuff and it's never true, but I honestly think that there were bed bugs in my bed. I woke up with bites all up and down my legs and on the back of my neck. I'm disgusted and itchy... Other than that it was OK...
What else can you say... it's Baskin Robbins. Yummy. I'm still looking for them to bring back the Chocolate Rasberry Truffle.  I like that they don't think it has to be drippy sloppy to be good.
I bought a lot of new stuff and the ladies came in adjusted my straps and gave me their opinion in what they liked best on me. Very attentive service ;)
This the best place to take a date on a Friday night!!! My gentleman friend and I had such a romantic evening here last night.  The grounds are always impeccable and the live entertainment, which is a Spanish jazz and salsa dancers, is wonderful!
We have been dining here since 2008. While service can be average and above we always enjoy mixing sushi with the cooked food. Quality is way above average and they honor their reservations.
Absolutely loved this sephora store, I obviously love all the product there but the staff was also extremely helpful and polite..awesome customer service and beautiful makeup!!
beware of the vending machines -they steal your money and are almost always empty-they will NOT refund your loss.Also 1/2 the video games eat your money too.
By far the worst steakhouse I have gone to, and I have gone to alot of steak houses, unprofessional waiters, horrible food, I ordered filet mignon and they brought me some rump roast, desert was horrible, I threw away 150$ on them, they should close that place down
Curry dish there is awesome! esp. the duck curry.\nlove the Thai iced tea too but the pad thai is just okay.
Was really sad when I got there because they no longer have a vegan menu yet it is advertised all over the Internet. Very upset Triple George .. That's the whole reason I came here
Amazing.  This is one of the best restaurants I have ever been to.   The food was really well done. The pork belly app is divine. \nI also had the double cut pork chop. It tasted like a veal chop.   The view is also really nice.
Great food for an affordable price. Very authentic and incredibly tasty. I had beef shawarma and it was awesome. Also try the Turkish coffee, traditional and very good. A little bit of Turkey in Las Vegas!
It was okay. No lunch specials on the weekend. Over priced for the quality. No Yelp discounts. Very spacious, and Jasmine was good.
Best Chinese in leith by a country mile. If love a chicken curry then this is a must.
Fabulous food. Great dive bar. You gotta try the suicide fries!   They are rock star.  Pizza was fabulous. The beer is ICE cold. Really you gotta try the suicide fries.  I'm writing this with beads if sweat on my bald head.  Great stuff!
Have been coming here for years to catch the UFC events.  Get to the fight and the entire back section is being used for college football.  Completely disappointing to not get our regular seats so people could watch Virgina Tech. Grrr.
Doctors are great but the wait is loooooong...
we are visiting from out of town and wanted a good place to et and have a beer.  this had good reviews so we thought we would try it out.  What a Yummy burger.  And the staff is friendly and comfortable.  it felt like hme.
This gym use to be cool been going here off and on for 3-4 years but it has turned into the worst climbing gym in Vegas save your money and go to Nevada climbing centers.
This review is for just the restaurant,\n\nI would have given higher, but you could smell smoke from the bar area,\n\nThe food was pretty good.\n\nI had the sirloin , vegetables and baked potato. Everything tasted good. The service was also good.
Not crazy about this place. The food is subpar and definitely purchased in bulk and not the greatest quality. The atmosphere is clean and the staff is friendly so that's why I gave them a 3 star. \nGood luck.
Saw The Hunger Games. The theater was a bit warm and the screen a but worn. Otherwise, it was fine.
I love their sauce and will gladly trade fries and bread for extra sauce. :)\nOn our most recent visit, employee Kenton was SO patient and professional in explaining how we could get the most chicken for our $$.  Little things like that is what will keep me a loyal customer.
Terrific quality service and polite staff! My shattered iPhone screen and damaged power button were replaced for far less than the cost of a new phone in less than 45 minutes! Totally recommend them!
Love this place! It's close to my work, every time I walk in the bartender has a beer ready for me.  The food is amazing, I have tried almost all of their burgers and the wings are some of the BEST in phx
Can't believe the pasta's clams is from the Can food & Italian restaurant doesn't serve \"capuchino\" !!
Very nice people but quoted time of 1.5 hours has been much longer.  It has been 2.75 hours after making an appointment. Quite disappointing.
My room was dirty had bed bugs that bit my Johnson first night. Next morning I noticed my sheets looked like it hadn't been washed. Room was shitty to.
Totally the worst bar in Scottsdale. The owners have no respect for women and the bouncers are meat head thugs. From a foodie perspective, every drink tastes watered down. You have duck fat fries but no blue cheese stuffed olives. I rather spend my money elsewhere.
Excellent meal. Food well prepared and beautifully presented. Service very professional. Attractive chic restaurant. Great place to have a seat by the window and people watch. Highly recommend this place.
Prime rib was good, and the kids' meals were good sized portions.  The hostess was not so much rude, but indifferent-wrong person to greet people.  It was a mediocre experience.
I went in to look at some tile. They have a great show room with many decorating ideas!! I'm so glad I went there. I got a great price and my floor looks great!! And the price was right!
Wonderful. Delicious. Friendly. Intimate.
Desserts here are ok. Not Worth the Price. Been here 3 Times. \nThe choc Pizza is sooooo dry & nice to Look at but a Big disappointment.
AWESOME thai, especially for what I have had at the same price. Portions are big enough that 2 entrees could easily be split between 4 hungry college guys. Thats saying something, especially when their pad thai packs a punch to your mouth with heat and flavor, without putting the burn on your wallet. Good form!
Went for a bachelorette party and had a great time. This club is huge, the sound system is great and the lights are really cool too. They also have confetti and smoke which makes it really fun. The drinks and club entrance is really expensive but a lot of times the promoters give free entrance and free drink cards.
Great tacos, no complain about the food, just the people at the cashier are king of grumpy
THE VIEW!  That's it really, the food tasted ok, I've gotten an upset tummy the two times I've dined here. \nEh, I might consider going back if I had other friends going.  Pretty disappointing :/
Will never order again.  Supposedly we got chicken chow mein, but I can't confirm it was actually chicken.  We also got beef with broccoli.  Broccoli seemed safe, but not sure what they grey meat was that came with it.  Never will order again.
It was okay not as good as most pools in Vegas. There are a lot of kids. The drinks were expensive but strong. This pool is similar to the stratosphere pool in looks and overall pool quality. I wouldn't go again but it was fun one time.
Pretty good, nothing memorable or especially good.  \nActually the free cup of soup when you check in on yelp or 4square was the best thing we had.
Amazing food. The pizza is flawless. The pasta amazing. The ambiance, like ur in a town in Italy. We loved it. Actual Italian waiters.
This definitely is a busy location but drive thru has this down! Friendly and quick to have my coffee and cruellers in hand to tame my bedhead and put a smile on my face.
This is not one of the best places for a buffet, but if you want to save money and go to one for the basics, this is it.  They don't offer fried shrimp, crab legs, etc., but they do have prime rib and roasted chicken. Yay.
BLEH!
fast service.
Very good food! Nice staff! Would come back!
Back when I took my Civic there, they were a good place. Very helpful and got things done. But the only reason it couldn't be a 5 star is because it was kind of expensive for services. $39.99 for an oil change?
What doesn't kill you make you stronger? \nSeriously the place is decent, no real speciality but they get the job done. Perfect for lunches.\n\nThe pizza is popular.\n\nthe place to be on fridays for a lot of workers on the island.
Fabulous healthy food! I love their cheesecakes! Smoothies are awesome! Staff is very friendly! I wish they were located closer too me, so I could eat there more than once a week:)
The Mac n Cheese tho... to die for and the service was very pleasant. Best spot for lunch
place is too good
You go here for airport food..that's what you good.\nPizza by the slice, stromboli's and lasagna.\n\nHad to have some food before my flight...it's adequate.
Cool atmosphere in a great neighborhood, but the food itself was just - ok.  I had the seafood with saag (spinach sauce).  Decent flavor, but honestly nothing to write home about.  Guess I need to try more Indian food to fairly compare.
If you're touring Vegas on the cheap, i'd recommend this place. Otherwise, it was a super disappointment. The Atomic Testing Museum has more appeal.
Great sandwiches and salad bar!
Was told abt this place from a friend . Im not a Big chinese person but do like some things .. This place has the BEST Orange Chicken and Crab Puffs.. Loved the Food But service wasnt great   kinda sad   Id still go back many times  Trust me Food is Awesome   :)
Some of the BEST Spanish Rice I've ever had - usually not a fan of it in general, but tried it here, and LOVED it. Tacos are good as well, lots of options. Recommend getting several kinds, including the baja taco.
Got here at 4:30 PM and half of the tables were open. We were refused service. Rude waitress. Terrible experience.
Have been several times over the years and have found each visit a nice comfortable place to get a decent meal. Good service, good food and right price.
I ordered chocolate shaved snow and it wasn't what I was expecting, but good. Employees were super friendly and the store was spotless, even on a busy Saturday evening. Fun addition to Centennial Hills
If I could give less than 1 star I would. Worst Sonic ever! This place should be shut down. Food was wrong and tasted like it was left overs from last week.
Very high quality.  Had the lobster mashed potatoes, some greens, and the bone-in filet.  All were incredibly delicious.  I've eaten at some of the nice places in town, but so far I think this one is the best.
love this restaurant!! \neach dish is wonderful but my favorite is their fried rice
A regular location, good service, great patio and views. Very convenient with parking always available.
i needed some cameras for my garage and my front door\ni had  3 quotations , he was the nicest  guy over the phone\nand  he also delivered in time\ninstalled in and out in few hrs
Tryst, lemme upgrade ya. \n\nThe grand daddy of all clubs in XS. \n\nGot diamonds on your neck?\nPatron in your cup?\nGood, let's PARTAY.\nbecause \nElla quiere su Rumba
Very disappointed !\nI have been eating at El Pollo Loco  for years but last night I was so disappointed the food that i ate it tasted so bad I won't come back here for a long long time.
Ahhh!!! Shops my broke ass can actually afford to shop in! Sweet!
Went again last night. It was delicious. They have the best chips and salsa ever made in the history of the world (legit). As usual, we got good service and the food was great!
SLOW! Service with no smile and my americano looked, and tasted, like dirty water. Expected a lot more....
Great prices, lots of coupons available. Fresh tasty options.
I really like the location of the hotel. However the rooms and service are just average and therefore overpriced for what you get. The rooms are not that clean and the bathrooms are not well designed. If the rooms were 50% cheaper I would recommend this place.
I ordered the make your own omelet.  It was large and tasty.   Came with a side of hash browns and choice of toast, English muffin or pancakes.  Very good coffee and the waitress kept our mugs full.
Not the chipotle it used to be compared to couple years back..they are stingy with everything now..I barely come here anymore it used to be 2-3 times a week..step it up you are a big franchise now
Pricey but hey..it's Vegas.\nGreat drinks - they're strong and yummy!\nGood selection of songs and nice variety. \nLove the view!!!\n\nPS Check out the bathroom ;)
Scotch eggs!
Bananas Foster Pancakes were awesome. We make time for breakfast at Jamms every time we are in Vegas. Good food, large portions, and friendly staff.
Had a Chemex pour over for the first time in my coffee experience and they did a great job.
Try the flat breads and the little hot dog poppers!  MMMMMMM!\nAs always, Chris was awesome
The computers are hogged by 10 year olds playing video games and refugees the united way placed in the area. \n\nThe tables are hogged by the seniors and other people who obviously don't work. \n\nThis is only a good library if you don't know how good some of the others are.
The bar is close to everything.
I thought this was the upscale Cheesecake factory?  The menu is underwhelming and the food is mediocre diner quality.  The need to redo the menu at this place and hire new cooks.  They are better off just putting a cheesecake factory in here.
Wow, store isn't even open 10 minutes after their posted time, talk about great customer service!
Took my son here for breakfast today.  Great service and great food.  My son loves their Begium waffle and he a picky Eater.
I think if I had to pick between overpriced Nathan's and overpriced Bonanno's, Bonanno's wins. I couldn't go to McDonald's next door out of principle, but I was sorely tempted.
Great store. We found cute clothes and things for the house. We found some good deals there too.
Great sushi for AYCE.  Service is usually average, once it was poor.  However we keep coming back for the food
\"Meh. I've experienced better\"- is right!\n\nI went twice for breakfast due to convience.  However, I don't advise anyone to go here unless they are staying at MGM like I was, with money to blow like I had  :^)
Once again Sam Fox and Fox Restuarants brings forth a fine restaurant.  From humble beginnings in Tucson he has expanded into several states and opened a number of different concepts that work.  This new place using Caneros Inn in Napa as its architectual example is a welcome addition to Phoenix.  Great appetizers, pizzas, etc.
Engaging service thanks Phil.  Enjoyed the food.  The only issue was the size of the booth.  Kinda small for four people.
It's fast and it's just OK Chinese food.  You can do better.  I think PF Changs blows this away - but in a pinch it will work.  Experience it once and see for yourself.
The pesto and bread are DELISH. \n\nGod help you and your dining experience if you get stuck with Gino as your waiter. He is slow and rude and unpleasantly loud.
For a city that holds as many conventions as it does, I'm surprised the Las Vegas Convention Center is this outdated.  Expect loooong lines at Starbucks and any of the small booths that serve coffee.  Bring layers; it gets COLD in there.
great place to soak up the alcohol with fried twinkies, oreos, hot dogs and french fries on the cheap.
Waiters are awesome and the food is great. I do wish the owner would allow you to order the \"la Potence\" beef tenderloin  medium instead of rare. Best dessert in town.
Super friendly staff serving fantastic food and you can't beat the 50-cent cup of coffee - hot or iced! Great vibe - lots of regulars making their required pre-work stop or hanging out on the weekends. I love their baked goods - unique flavors for scones, muffins and cookies!
The options inside the terminal are much better -- options outside the terminals are terminally mediocre at best.
Extremely dark inside. (needed flashlights to read menus).  Rushed service and food was just average.  I'll stick with il Mulino for their mind blowing service and food.
Went there to get an Oil Change and was sold a transmission service. They put no oil in the car and double the transmission fluid in the vehicle. Had to get my Transmission replaces and my Engine!!!
The food was pretty good. The sauce had way too much garlic though.
It's a really good crowd there and the food is better than just pub grub. I give them two stars because the place is posted (No Firearms) and you can no longer smoke on the patio. If those are of no concern to you then you will like the place just fine. I'm going to The Gym.
I visited here for brunch and had the fresh loxs and enjoyed a mimosa. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. I would recommend giving this place a try.
I worked right next to this place a month ago and they COULD NOT listen, anytime I wanted a burger with no onions they would charge me extra and put extra onions on it. This place really grinded my gears.
This is the only place I will go to get spray tanned! They do a great job and are extremely efficient and on time. I'm evenly tanned and the color looks natural. Highly recommend it to all my girlfriends
Great store. Great help. Eric is the man!!
Great food, obviously prepared with pride and care. I will certainly be back.
I got food poisoning here last week ... and the MGM has been less than helpful in recovering the costs of having to change my travel plans, etc.  I have never been so sick.
I've had the best roast chicken at this place and I know that's of for a steak and seafood place. But it was flawless. The seafood tower was amazing. Wonderful service. Going back next month.
What a shock when I first walked in. So trashy and cheesy all around.\nBut thank you for getting me drunk on my first night in Vegas and for playing such awesome music!
Reasonable price for prime rib, good cut, comes trimmed, not the most tender...comes with soup or salad and starch \nService good, they even serve Liver and Onions for those who love it.
It was a brilliant idea to create an alternative to the formal restaurant. Press is offering great food and drinks and it is prefect for the ones who cannot spend 30 minutes for a tea and a croissant. Four Seasons seems to adapt... that's great news!
Terrible place to live! Maintenance crew is no better than the three stooges! Management lies about everything!  Multiple shootings, car robberies, police harrassments! What a nightmare! Can't wait till my lease is up!
Went back here with the hubby one night.  Service was AMAZING and the food was great too.  Although we spent more than we wanted to (some of their rolls are just too pricey), I will be back here.
My mom was visiting and wanted a haircut.  She went to Eva and got the best cut I have ever seen on her. She has been getting tons of compliments on her new style. I guess now she'll have to come down and visit more often.
Eh, it's like a glorified Bourbon St. in New Orleans. Didn't care for that, didn't really care for this.
THEY LOST THEIR LEASE...it is CLOSED.
Great food.  Recommend to everyone.  Can't beat the price and the mabo ramen is excellent
First time here...daughter and I just ordered appetizers...pretty good. Quesadilla was a bit on the spicy side. Televisions everywhere..definitely a good place to come catch a game. A little slow with coming back to check on our table.
Fairly terrible experience.  We are avid Mexican food fans but this place is horribly overpriced, mediocre food.  On the bright side, the chips and salsa were pretty good.  The service was also fairly good.
This place is good for a little good, clean, family fun. Obviously a bunch of Coca Cola paraphernalia available for sale. You can also take photos with the Coca Cola polar bear.\n\nWe had a blast trying the Around The World soda tasting tray, so that's something that's worth doing once.
Escape to a tropical oasis! Food is always great! Service and staff are excellent!
I only shop here because it's close to where I work.  Not the safest location as the neighborhood isn't a good location.  There are a lot of homeless and weird people hanging out in and out of the store.
They have an awesome happy hour and one of the best things I've ever eaten. \nThat damn garlic chicken is un- real!
Food is excellent, espicially the fish tacos. Love the condiment bar. Every inch of this place is always super clean and one of the best deals around for lunch. I go here at least 3 times a month.
Pretty cool restaurant...with a great menu. Sat outside on the patio with a great view of the strip and up close and personal view of the rollercoaster. Ordered the Corned beef sandwich and they are very generous with the meat! Always a plus in my book.
OMG, I had the banana & brownie crepe - YOU MUST TRY one. You'll need to hit the gym, the next day but worth it. So delicious.
I'm from DC and I've been enjoying Five Guys for about 8 years. I still think they are the best fast-food burgers in the business.
Completely lame.
Horrible customer service. I had never been to this location and I could not find it my first time. I was 7 min late and they said they couldn't treat me.... I have been trying to get an appointment for 4 months. I will not continue my membership when it is done not worth it!
Usually this buffet is not too bad.  On this visit, I got about a two inch worm like parasite in the crab legs (picture posted).  I was told that \"it happens\" and that I should look at it like a chicken bone and not eat it.  Don't eat it??  No shit!
The service at this place sucks.\n\nLook at the rest of the patrons' reviews.  Management here doesn't have a clue.
If you have to eat steak, then this is the place.  No more sizzling, tatstee pieces fo dead animals to be found anywhere.  Hmmmm. Full bar healps.
I reserved this hotel for a short stay and I am very disappointed with everything around here. I booked it 5 days before and when I came here to check in , the front desk guy said my room is already occupied. After a  angry conversation I end up in handicapped room.
We have taken our pets (4 Pomeranians and 2 domestic cats) to the Craig Road Animal Hospital for grooming, shots and examinations for the last 8 years and have never had a problem.  Both the staff and the doctors have always been very pleasant and professional.
My poutine had what looked like ashes in it!! And the manager is extremely rude. Has no customer service skills whatsoever. Service is bad and food mediocre. I will never return here again!
Definitely not the best Popeyes experience I've ever had foodwise but the server was very friendly and helpful, and I got my food quickly.
Dumbbells everywhere. Not labeled. Smells a lil funky. It is a nice gym but just not maintained very well.
Decent food, AWFUL service. I sat at a table a full 20 minutes and still never had a server come up. Servers were standing around and looking but didn't want to help because it was not there table. Never again.
Here on business for several weeks and been here many times since staying here and has been a pleasant  experience every time.
Super clean Hallmark store with super friendly employees. I love this place. It is well stocked, well organized and a great place to shop. I love the Hallmark-y smell it has too. A great place to pick up a last minute hostess gift or card.
Not at all happy with them.  Took my puppy for grooming and you couldn't tell. Their little printout says she doesn't like water, her head or feet touched.  This puppy swims daily and loves her head rubbed.  I don't know what they did to her but we won't be back.
It's an a nice casino with some great shows to watch and one of the main venues for the WSOP
No idea how this place gets such high ratings. Service is terrible, slow, uninformative, no follow up, not good.  Food was average.
The food is okay, definitely not worth the price, Pei Wei is just as good maybe even better and it is much more affordable.  We received the worst service at this location multiple times and will not return.
Amazing food and service.  Looks like a hole in the wall from the outside but don't let it fool you, the food is incredible!!!
Good pho, less than average customer service. I like that it's open 24/7 ...go for lunch. Obviously get some pho ---try the grilled pork spring rolls!
Been closed for quite some time.
Holy cow, most unreal and amazing pizza I have ever had in Vegas!!!
LOVE IT!\nI have been here twice, and can't recommend it highly enough.\nSo much fun!
This is the last time we'll come to this location. Too many incorrect orders, over charges and lack of good customer service. Just can't see any reason why we would want to come back.
If you like spicy food, you should try their camarones al diablo.  The portions are pretty big.  I can always make two giant burritos out of this meal.  Sooooo good.  I go there often.
We weren't impressed with the food or the prices.
One star? This place is awesome!!! \nThe best cookies I ever had! \nThe lunch was fat, fresh, and cheap. The combination that never happens. \nThe atmosphere was super nice too. \nDef. coming back!
I used to order the hot chocolate mixes at this branch and the one at the airport but neither seem to stock them anymore.  Plus the price went up - and it was already a bit too expensive for something a speck higher in quality than nestles Quick.
Their food is fine. Their prices are too high for what you get. I won't go out of my way to eat there but if I'll be in the neighborhood and  have the craving for this kind of food, I'll eat there again.
Our family took us here for dinner. The food was edible. It was really empty when we were there. The service was great!
Beer was okay.... Couldn't find anything on the menu that wasn't fried or full of bread.  My friend ordered a pizza and it came out wrong three times.
Left in complete disgust. Poor service and this location looks NOTHING like as described on the website. They did nothing to remodel and it still looks (and smells) like the rt o's that was here prior.
This place offered great customer service. My wife went to the location in Laveen at 5 minutes before 6 and they told her they didn't have time to help her before closing. Then they locked the door on her. She went to this location and they fixed her tire for free, since the other place was so rude.
Pro- service was prompt\nCon- food was not my favorite. I really wanted to like this place. I read reviews and was ready to be wowed. The food was bland.
Fantastic tint job! Was able to accomodate me in right away with my groupon voucher. The work was completed in a timely manner. Thanks Dustin & staff!
My 1st time at Massage Envy & I was so impressed with the professionalism & ambiance. If your thinking of going \"Go\" & if you want a good therapist ask for \"Paul\". The things he did to my feet should be illegal
it was a dump. There was no one around to help. and half the machines were down.
Terrible service. Two days in a row they screwed up two different shipments. Not sure how they stay in business with such incompetence.
Never again. Last $ Danny's get from me! Land Rover Dealership oil change = $50. Danny's oil change = $90. #lasttime
This place makes me slightly sad that I'm vegetarian. I can state with absolutely certainty that they make the BEST cole slaw, homestyle mac and cheese, sweet potatoes and cabbage I've ever had. My father could not stop eating the ribs and loved the mustard and original sauce mixed.
Stopped in for lunch recently and had a great time as usual. The staff is friendly and helpful but also speedy so you can really get in and out for a lunch stop. Loved the specials that they have now- half salad and half pizza for 10 bucks is great. Thanks again Fate!
I had lunch there today and the Jive Turkey sandwich left much to be desired, like some cranberry sauce. \nI ended up just eating the turkey meat which was very moist and delicious. I enjoyed the mixed greens with balsamic vinegar dressing and left the tomatos and bread. I may try it again in the future.
Good food, with the usual good variety of beer choices available in Madison.  Get there early if you're with a large group, the large tables go quickly.  As usual for Madison bars, I love the no smoking law :-)
They are remodeling the place. It's gigantic but a little messy
Wasn't a bad stay, but I would never eat there as there was a spider in my friends pasta. Quite disgusting I must say.
Oh my god I went in like two weeks ago and I have been meaning to write a review.  Alanna gave me the best spray tan of my entire life.  That's not easy considering I've had like a hundred of them..  Ask for Alanna she is amazing and you will NOT be disappointed!!
Quite plesant experience. Big selection of rolls and good happy hour deals. Nothing that blew my mind a tad more pricey than I would prefer. Will return if on this side of town.
Went for lunch again for a meeting. Had the \"gnocchi\". Fucking disgusting. Same sweet, pasty garbage they put on the spinach wrap I'd had there previously. Also, gnocchi generally aren't rock hard, football shaped pucks of paste. Shit.
Very Good burger but overpriced.  The Counter is still Better!
Fantastic Sushi. This is my wife's favorite place to eat. Everything I have tried there has been great. I have no complaints about this restaurant
Awesome place to hang out and have a beer but the food pretty blah. Seems like most of it is frozen.
This is my local Wells Fargo and i have to say they have excellent customer service and have helped me out with a few problems without any hassle.
Pizza is average at best. Dough is chewy and sauce tastes from a can. Garlic knots were okay but could be better. I really can't seem to find a good pie in Charlotte.
The staff were very helpful and friendly. The food was average but I thought it was expensive for what you got. The specialty drinks are great. Would recommend going for drinks only.
Delicious cheese plate, pork entree and asparagus with fried farm eggs on top. Outstanding, fresh ingredients flavorfully prepared.
People who give the Phoenix Zoo 5 stars have never been to a world class zoo like San Diego.  If you have kids this is a great place to take them since there are  a lot of things for them to do.  For adults, not much to see and the zoo itself is small.
oh how i wished i check yelp before taking our concierge's advice about eating here.  the food was not good and was VERY pricey, i wish i went to the capital grille if i knew we were going to drop this much money, at least there i would have gotten a great steak and been satisfied.
Excellent burgers! Could do without the fries. Definitely try the burgers here. They might take a while but they are worth the wait. Good service as well.
Nice addition to Carnegie.  Very clean, reasonable prices and excellent food.  Hope that the community supports this establishment.
Worst cab company I have been in, in a long time ~ like ever.  Long hauled.  $10 trip ended up being $30.  Will complain to Nevada Cab Authority.
Very professional and friendly to this visitor from cold Chicago here for Cubs spring training. Fit me in last minute. Great wax and pedicure - personalized service. Highly recommend.
Real hole in the wall restaurant. Great burgers and fries. Burger and salad bar to choose your own toppings, which all seemed fresh.\n\nBad part of town. Service is abrupt.
Trashy rag that besmirches heroes: http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/valleyfever/2013/07/brendan_mcdonough_sole_survivo.php\n\nFingers crossed their ad revenue plummets.
Very good, fresh ingredients.  Excellent customer service.  New to the area, called in my order and ready right on time.  \n\nWe'll definitely be back!
Small selection for women compared to other Old Navys I've been to. Not impressed with the service either. Long lines and when I asked about a sale sign no one could seem to tell me what exactly was on sale... Wont be visiting this one again unless I need to buy for kiddos.
This is Restaubar is awesome they always have a cool DJ or a band. I always hangout here with my friends especially when my friends band is playing. They also have good choices of menu.
The food is ok but nothing special!, for rhe price, dont think it hits the mark,.with all those toppings, i think the true flavor is taken away, i thought the flavor was missing, bland even with toppings!
Pretty classic corporate franchise, 6 ppl in line, 1 person serving and 2 employees taking a break during peak time. Enough time for me to write this review while I'm standing in line.
Brought in my iphone 5 LCD screen to be fixed. Nothing was scratched or cracked, except my screen was not working. When I got my phone back, the sides of my phone were severely scratched. Very disappointed. I got more damage back than I brought in.
I seriously love this place! I feel like 90% of my wardrobe is from here and whenever I get compliments I automatically send them here. The only thing I wish is that they would get in more smaller sizes when they order shipments because a lot of the time the smaller sizes are sold out. But other than that I love everything about this place!
Fun cosmic Friday night bowling with a great DJ. Awesome to go when you don't feel like clubbing in a late Friday or Saturday night.  We had free bowling coupon that they did not want to accept since it was Friday night. The coupons did not have any restrictions on them. Quite disappointing.
Absolutely HORRIBLE!\n\nThe worst Dim Sum I have ever had
I didn't know these things exist. A really cool experience. I wish my car was more comfortable but I highly recommend this for a date. My girlfriend was very happy! She loved the whole experience.
nothing to say... everything was fabulous.. outstanding food, really cheap price... and the really important thing is staff.... very very helpfull and friendly they recommend famous and tasty entres... we will surely coming back
This is a Denny's. If you are unsure what that means, you might be impressed with the decor or even the taste of the food. The cooks here are pretty good. Definitely not the worst Denny's I've been to. To say that nothing's better would be ridiculous...
One of the best Delis in Phoenix !!
Good food and a cool place. I got a cheeseburger with grilled jalapenos and fries. They have a drive-through and the staff was very friendly. My only complaint was that it was a little greasy but still very good. Price wasn't too bad similar to five guys.
I really like the new Terminal 3 in this Las Vegas Airport.  Good restaurants/bars and the duty free shop has a great selection of booze and all sorts of stuff... so dont spend all your money at the casino!
Great name . Average food.  Actually, come to think of it the Tortilla soup was quite good. The cheese enchiladas... not so much. \n\nService was pretty good. And there is a nice patio. Music was awful.
I've found this food to be delicious and fresh and recommended it to many... Until my last time when the salt and pepper shakers were full of a long time grunge!  If they don't clean things that are on the table, how much do they clean what you don't see in the kitchen?
The concept of the food is good, but the ingredients weren't high enough quality to justify the price. The service was awesome, especially for how large of a party we had.
Skip the burgers and veggie tacos. The pork taco is decent.
This airport is mad easy to get in an out of.  Unless you play slots.  Then you're screwed.   I don't play slots, however, so I moved right along.
Good but to really appreciate it you must be ready to spend
This morning my wife and I grabbed a quick bit to eat.\nI had the Breakfast soup and mocha to go.\nGreat service and great food. It was really busy. While eating i notice that several people ordered the breakfast soup.\nGive it a try.
its expensive but its holts! the foods quite good...
Great service :) everyone was very nice. We have children and they went the extra mile in helping us .. \nExcellent \nJosh .
Got an Americano and thought the espresso was weak. Place has a stale vibe and the gentleman barista was very monotone. It made me not want to be in their. My 2 friends felt the same way. Can you say overrated ?
super potato oles were good. love the salsa bar!
Terrible. Brown, greasy, lacking in vegetables. More like Chinese fast food than Thai food.\n\nVerdict: average prices & extremely shitty food
ya wife likes the place, i found it to be funky tasting chicken beans not good   mama not that friendly she was more friendly to my wife
Had so much fun here! Enjoyed our pizza 1/2 cheese 1/2 naked city. Drank a couple blue moons and enjoyed our experience!
Best selection of beer with the best bartenders in town. Great place just to hang out with friends. And the food is great too!! Probably the best crust and toppings in the north valley. If I could only get them to deliver to my house I would make it a ten star restaurant.
THEY DON'T HAVE BAGEL CHIPS ANYMORE!! the lady explained they have issues with their supplier...so...heartbroken. that said, they still have every combination of dried flavored meat you could ever imagine and other yummy asian snacks.
I ate here once about 6 years ago and got food poisoning. The thought of Mexican food still turns my stomach. Thanks, Cuzamil.
Just left Lowes and had a horrible customer service experience. The CS answered one of several questions I had and walked away. After hitting the \"help\" Byron twice and waiting for another 15 I bought none of the materials I need for the project. I'll hit up the local hardware company tomorrow. That level of service is unacceptable.
I visited a neighbor who had surgery a day ago.  The hospital was quiet and clean, and parking is very easy.\n\nThe staff who came into my neighbor's room were pleasant and competent.\n\nWhat else is there to say except it's better to visit than be staying there.
The place is in a questionable location, and the food is overpriced. The burgers tasted okay, but tasted like that overly processed \"pink slime\" you hear so much about, and the fries were okay, but average. The whole place just came across as dirty and temporary to me.
It was a nice place, until recently they added no bucket allowed policy.\nIts bad because we end up using more water and more money
Clean your carpeting. Have a reasonable parking structure.
Best buffet  I've ever had in my life. If you're looking for a great buffet in Vegas, this is it. Everyone we met recommended this place. The wait was crazy but it was well worth it.
Went here for lunch. Ordered wing lunch. Took over 25 minutes to get. Waitress kept apologizing said they didn't have enough kitchen help. Well if you run a business get enough help. This is not a gourmet dinning. Wings were not good as well.
Horrible experience resulting in thin, uneven eyebrows.  To have two workers say, \"your eyebrows don't look that bad\" was the icing on the cake.  I will never come back.
I don't recommend this place to anyone. Me and my friends came here because it was one of the the only restaurants that open for 24 hours. I had crispy caramel chicken. Unfortunately, it was poor quality. The staff was friendly; however, it wasn't worth it.
This place is amazing.  The food is far and above any fast-food place you could go to.  Heck, you would probably pay less here and get superior food.  An Slush Puppie machine!? Crazy big bottled soda selection?! This place is a hidden jem that all should go to!
Good tacos, 3rd on my list of Vegas taco joints. Los Tacos and Abuela's Tacos are better.
I reluctantly sent my overworked husband to Joey's to bring home a carryout of chicken piccata and chicken Parmesan. First of all, the meals were freezing cold, bland, and the piccata had no lemon taste whatsoever. We had three bites and threw the food away :(
The food was as good as any other subway. what i like at this subway over others is that they put the sandwich in a basket when I told them I was eating in the restaurant. I never could understand why subway always gives the sandwich wrapped in paper and put in a bag whether you are getting it to go or not. It was a nice touch.
I like almost everything about LVAC except that sometime the workers are cleaning the pool area while I'm trying to relax in the jacuzzi. I don't like water splashing around and the smell of the sanitizer.  Note: It was not during the cleaning hours that is posted.
Very cool place the shark tank was awesome! The food was good we tried the 50/50 ribs the beef were the best. Deff great for kids and adults. The service was awesome!! Not saying it's the best BBQ but the Shark tank gives it that extra excitement. Would deff return.
Been waiting 40 min for 1 Sirloin Steak. ..at lunch...they are not busy....looks good inside..but my wife and I will not be returning.  Sad for a beautiful place...customer service is poor
Took a cab from downtown to catch dinner about 30 mins before their publicized kitchen close time. They closed the kitchen early and said they can't help me. Great. Glad I called ahead of time. Now I'm in the middle of nowhere and starving.
Paid 1000$ ahead of arrival. To find out everything they had planned for me was offered at a much better rate through my hotel.
Came here on a friday night for drinks. Fun place to check out. People said its like being at a beach, definitely didnt get that feeling. However, drinks were good. Bartender didnt make a three wise men correctly. DJ played really good music. Probly wont come here for tacos though.
Go someplace else there are better hotels in there area.  They don't serve lunch.  The management has no idea what is going in and all I have heard is excuses and everyone here blames someone else. No place to get an aspirin unless you drive or get a shuttle to take you someplace.
It's still hit or miss, but they have a lot of pretty decorative stuff, more than they used to. They have new clothes, in addition to the used ones.\n Right now all their Halloween stuff is up, and they have quite a bit.
Nice room, great buffet, and the monorail made getting around the strip easy and convenient.
I had so much fun in this place.  I especially like the things that was done with a pop of color.   If you love antiques and one of a kind finds then go check it out.
8 people working here right now at 4:30 on a Friday, and one really nice tall black dude took my order and made my burger while everyone else was chatting. Give him a promotion and train everyone else again.\n\nAMAZING burger by the way, but figure out what the staff is doing.
I ordered two pizzas, and I have been waiting here for over an hour! There is only one person back in of the kitchen, so the service is SO slow.
Always an enjoyable dining experience at the Brio.  Not surprised by the 30 minute wait on a saturday night.  Pork chop was juicy and nicely seasoned.  Even picked up the bone to finish it off.  Small tiramisu cup to finish off dinner...perfect size.
decent education at a decent price!
Good whisky intro...\nA touristy overview...\nA bit overpriced.
Very disappointed with the service. i couldn't check in cuz apparently they overcharged me and i had to wait for head cashier who went to lunch just in time for check in.ugghhh
I love this place, I'm not a regular but the few times I've came it's been great!! I only get pedicures and they are very thorough and take their time. I come on Mondays and it's never an issue getting helped right away!! This is the place to go :)
Great deals! Great service!
Chicken was very dry and ribs were chewy. Slaw was watered down and fries tasted old .
Do not go here!  I want it all to myself!! if you do go check out the 30 beers on tap and The Perch Burger,  it will change your life. While you admire the birds in their coops say hello to Luna for me;)
Great food! Great place to unwind! All the staff -- great people!  Friendly, fun and attentive.  A favorite of ours..\nGreek sliders are my favorite and prime rib night on Thursday can't be beat!
we walked in around 6pm on a weekday and the restaurant was full until 9pm, so make sure u make reservations.  we got seated at the lounge.\n\ni am not too into the food here, but the waiters were top-notch: entertaining and gentlemanly.  service was really slow though.
So far I have only had the frozen custard...The Pecan turtle concoction to be exact, I would eat 10 if I didnt think my husband would judge me. \n\nWe plan to go back and try the burgers!
You get what you pay for here.  Executive course with a few par 4s.  Really just a good place to practice the irons.  Course is usually in mid to poor shape.  Only practice at this place because it's a block from the house.
Great staff, awesome decor and delish food makes this place a perfect spot for Korean food.
Stopped by last weekend with my family while we were in town on vacation. Can't say it's the best Kilt we've ever visited, being from San Diego they are much better there. It was just ok, probably won't visit again.
The food is good here.  Nothing special; but, not bad.
Costco business center food.  Just your very basic breakfast at a decent price.
Best gay bar in Vegas if you like men.
Pretty good food and fresh. People are super friendly. Decent prices also.
So the coffee is good but the staff is incredibly loud and screaming does not make for a relaxing atmosphere at all.
Beer selection is good, but the service is slow and our draft beers where super stale
The crepes are average in taste and big in portions. \n\nI usually come here if I happen to be in Paris and hungry but I wouldn't make it a point to check this place out.\n\nI like the dessert crepes the best especially with nutella.
Jessica is so lovely and patient and friendly. This was my first time getting lash extensions and she was happy to answer all of my questions and listen intently about what I wanted. She is an expert at what she does and made the experience fun and easy. I would definitely recommend her. Thanks Jessica!
Very nice place and great massage at such a good price in town. Would definitely recommend this place to my friends! Perfect way to relax after a long day! :)
Left work early to stop by the store since they are only open until 6pm on Fridays.  Got to the store at 5pm to find doors closed and lights off.
Friendly service and what seemed to be good sale prices. I'll be doing a bit more shopping in this next week to decide if this is the place to buy a safe or if my money's better spent elsewhere, so far they're in the lead.
Wow!   I will never visit this location again,   The employees were preparing food with bare hands!   They were wiping their foreheads of sweat and then touching food,   Absolutely disgusting!  I reported it to the manager who said they would remake our food,   No Thanks!!!
Woah.. Just walked in to take a look and my gf left with two skirts, a scarf, a tanktop and some gloves for under $70. Unique, well thought out handmade designs. Beautiful clothes, beautiful shop. Makes me want to visit Nepal.
Quite pricey for the quality and quantity of the Mexican food you get. The pitchers of margarita's are overly limey, almost undrinkable. Good if you have scurvy.
Went here on the Groupon. Had a nice experience this salon is HUGE. Amy H. Cut and did some color, the blow dry was extra and honestly blow drys make me fall asleep with my long hair. She was super friendly and liked what she did. Worth the money.
Not too far from vegas strip. The lunch special is a great deal! Best food I ate while in vegas! Get the chicken tikka masala over white rice!! So good :) also very nice staff.
Food was good.  Prices are a little nuts for what it is but that's Vegas I guess.
I always have a good time when I go to Ra. It's not my first choice for sushi, but I like it's fun environment and spacious dining room. Go for happy hour to save some coin and eat some good food if you're in Old Town.
Great facility and highly skilled techs. I went here to dyno my 335i and they were very helpful and friendly.
Great food! Jim, the owner, is very personable. Food portions are extravagant! Parking is easy.
The booze is too expensive.\n\nIt gets waay too cramped and old too quick\n\nThe funny part of the ghost bar is drunk people trying to break the glass floor..
Poor service, food is overpriced and not good at all. Don't waste your money in this joint
Delicious burgers!!! Tasty, good portion, and service was great. Can't wait to go back.
the apple crisp pizza desert.   gotta be the best pizza ever.   wow love it.   wife says we can't buy pizza anymore unless we get this apple pizza.\nfyi:   my opinion....even without the apple pizza, this is the best pizza joint in charlotte
I agree with all the other 1 stars.  This place is rude, arrogant and terrible.  At least be good if you are going to be this arrogant.  They lie, cheat and steal.  Avoid.  How do they still get business?
Nothing special here. The \"latest shinny object\" in the world of restaurants.  Three stars for effort!
Could not find this place. Maps got me lost on the backside of the Phoenix airport..sucks I really wanted pizza.
Worst experience ever, I came to this place because of the great reviews, but the guy who helped me was very rude. Definitely would never go back.
pho is alright, nothing to brag about. service could of been better. Only gave 1star because the lettuce for our spring rolls was not fresh. the lettuce wasnt as crisp and as if it was not rinsed well enough.
Breakfast here is usually hit or miss. Today it was all the later...\n\nUndercooked pancakes and omelets were the norm; I never received a  plate that was cooked well. The potatoes were soggy with oil and I never received any bread despite requesting it every time.  The wait staff was serviceable.
Ghet-TO! Mostly dead, not much selection. You can walk through it in less than ten minutes.
Nice little restaurant with friendly service and tasty food. Salmon and venison were delicious.
Horribly overpriced, but on Mondays the specials are a good buy and a delight of variety.  I won't come any other day of the week, but on Monday this place is a go-to-spot for sushi.  Good service but occasionally a little slow.
Scam, scam, scam!  If it's too good to be true, there's a reason- this company will take your money and run.  Don't do it.  No matter how desperate you are to have your house cleaned.  Spend the money on supplies and do it yourself!
too stuck up and over priced for Gilbert.  Needs a decent happy hour.  I'll just wait til Postinos is in Gilbert!
Tried the Cajun chicken and sliders.  Both were great but sliders were really outstanding.  Loved the ultimate dirty martini also.  Can't wait to come back!
I love Spa Lamar! The service is amazng, the packages are incredibly reasonable.
Burgers are reasonably priced and very good. The Smash fries are good with the oil. The staff was friendly but not attentive. I ordered a shake after my meal but never received it. I had to go back to the counter with my receipt and the staff told me they were sorry and brought it to my table.
Waited 45min for a table with half the place empty and then when finally sat no one came to our table for 20 min plus....we had to get up and leave! Really if you are too busy and under staffed just say so and don't waste my time!
I feel like Napoleon Dynamite whenever I eat here. Get your own tots! Always have a good breakfast/brunch never tried dinner here. Good omelet's and great totts. What more could you ask for?
Hit and miss menu options.  Always enjoy the hot sour soup and Kung Pao Scallops and Shrimp.  Edgy atmosphere and cool bathrooms if you have the urge.\n\nUsed to be a unique dining experience but now food is predictable and unspectacular.
Waitress was rude because our party was 6 people. When we paid with 3 cards and $20, she only took $10 off the bill and split the balance, giving herself an extra $10 tip on top of her 18% gratuity. Never going there again.
I prefer the other Samurai Sam's in Village Center but when I don't feel like driving I end up at this location as it's closer to home. The quality is not as good as the other location (rice is sometimes mushy or hard) but it's convenient.
This is the kind of gem that's off the beaten path and overlooked, but my wife and I had a great meal on the cheap, despite the late hour.
Just saw \"God of Carnage\" it was well acted and funny. A good night out. Don't expect a resolution but do expect a good time.
We went there for thanksgiving lunch and the service was a bit slow in the beginning. As we mention to a couple servers, Teresa and Washington promptly took great care of us. They were both kind and attentive to our requests. They made our lunch a lot more pleasant.
Staff was very friendly and assisted me in all my questions. They were very knowledgeable in the products they sell and can't wait to back for more. Doesn't feel like a store feels like a hang out to go and enjoy learning and trying vape flavors I love this place everyone welcomes you everytime you walk in the door.
The food here was awesome.  Get some
Bad customer service. Cheaply made marble tabletops are dangerous and the manager will blame you for them breaking.  I won't be back here again.
Not a fan at all.  In fact, it's just cheap and will make do for heavy eating. It feels like Picadilly Cafeteria there. You get your own drinks too. There were fruit flies over the desserts. Enough said.
worst food, got sick on the gross egg dish, there was also hair in the food.  Too noisy and cold, will not go here again.  Had guests and they were disappointed also.
They messed up my order again for the 3rd time in a row. It's not hard to toast a bagel...
Not a bad layout for a large airport.  Lots of convenience here.  Lots of places to shop and eat which makes it nice if you're having to lay over for more than an hour.  I don't like monster airports.
Too expensive to buy anything here!!\nJust walk here, touch around and walk out.
Went by last night to meet up with friends but was told it was closed already, that's cool, but then the attendant at the stairs told me that $20 to his friend might get me up there though. If you don't like your pay rate get another job. Totally ruined the night.
I have taken my dog here for extended boarding twice.  Both times he was sick when I picked him up.  The latest illnesses include mange.  If you love your pet, go somewhere else.  The place is dirty, and they are indifferent to anything except charging for extra services.
Buy the household cleaners & supplies for $1. Store is clean & organized.  Same plaza as Big Lots, Ross, many more.
Serenity is so beautiful and so clean... The spa chair an table all new modern.....The technician are young and friendly, they do very good job....:)
Enjoyed dinner here last night.  Service was great, food spectacular, no room to improve my experience.  I ravaged the delmonico and my wife loved the cilantro chicken.  Martinis were also very good.  Shared my comments with manager Corey.
Even if you just need a free bathroom, be sure to check out the Hickory Grove Branch Library  on 5th avenue. Pretty architecture, lots of history, and that old book smell.
Nom Nom Burger: delicious. Potato chips on a burger. It was such a guilty pleasure.\n\nI also had an Oreo alcoholic shake with Bailey's, but didn't feel ANY alcohol in it...
This is a pretty good bar/pub place.  The food is reasonably fresh and tasty.  The servers are friendly.  I've eaten here about a half dozen times and everything has been fine, nothing off-scale good or bad.  No complaints, A-OK.
Good but overpriced for basic food.
I recommend the Dog House trainers to everyone. Puppy 101 and Intermediate class were excellent. I think they are very caring, knowledgeable and patient with the people as well as the dogs. The workshops are excellent. Looking forward to the trick training class and more workshops. Reasonably priced and fun, too.
i always go here!!!
Egg on the burger wasn't completely cooked. They kept changing TV channels, so you couldn't watch a game all the way through. So we left.
I made a yelp account just to give this 1 star.\n\nService was pretty awful though, one of the girls was pretty nice, but I won't be returning, there's plenty of places to get icecream....
I have been coming here for over 5 years. I love this bar!! Kimmy is an awesome bartender. Definitely a dive bar but I enjoy the atmosphere.
For a sushi restaurant so far from the coast, the sushi here was super-fresh, served fast and the staff was friendly. We sampled from the late night happy hour menu--good value. It was delicious, and we will be back!
Great time, I think the cars are speed restricted though. Thought a lambo would be a lot quicker. Good experience for the price
It's Denny's.  What can I say.  Typical chain food.  Service is good.  Kids love it.  Comfortable atmosphere.  Prices are low.
Ate there for lunch and was not impressed.  My po boy was not very good mostly bread very little shrimp, $14 weak tumbler glass margarita, my Dads salmon was lacking in seasoning and it was on the high price end.  Hopefully dinner service is better but I will never eat there again.
Apparently, they've instituted a policy of requiring that if you order a drink and sit down to enjoy it, you HAVE to order one of their fat-laden, high calorie pastry as well.  Otherwise, they won't sell you the drink.  Disappointed.
Sorry to say they closed on July 13, 2014 per the posting on the door. They will be missed. The West Valley needs more places like this. Enough with the commercial giants and the fried bar food establishments. We are very sad to see them close.
Nice, big patio to enjoy a conversation and catch up with friends. The inside was clean and service was nice. All the pastries looked especially tasty at this location. Nice job.
Poker room succcccccccked, i would hit up the venetian for that, kind of off the strip, no access to the shuttle, but rooms were clean, good restaurants, ghost bar is pretty cool
Pretty good.\n\nHad the yellow curry.  Not too spicy not too sweet.\n\nThe soup that came with the meal was a tad sweet, but not bad.
Over-hyped tourist trap slop...
They were cheaper than Wal-Mart's tire center for the same tire. We didn't check Cost-Co. I would always call and compare prices for the exact tire you are looking to buy.
Have you ever been in a neighborhood market in Madison, and witnessed some idiot come in and basically assault an employee and tell him that having schizophrenia is a \"waking nightmare\"?  \n\nAll I can say is, go to the Market Basket.
This was my first time here and I will certainly return to grab lunch during the week! A lot of food for not a lot of money! I had the falafel and fries for less than $7.
+1 got in for free \n+1 good music (friday night)\n+1 its new\n\n-1 $14 for a gin and tonic\n-1 its small
They will steal your clothes if you don't get a ticket. I lost 2 Hugo Boss shirts. They claim I never dropped them off.
Good Thai food and nice atmosphere.  The Tom yum is good as is the chai tea.   Recommend is you like spicy food.
Prior to my appointment I went in there and spoke to the receptionist. She quoted me hair & makeup would cost me $35. After my session, it cost me $110. No explanation of why my make up cost that much. I feel that they pulled the bait & switch on me.\n\nNever going there again.
The food here tasted fine, but it was WAY overpriced for the small portion. When I went here for lunch, the dining room was nearly empty. I should've taken that as a sign, but I was staying at the Monte Carlo and this was inside the resort.
Read all the good reviews. Total let down. Sat for 40 minutes while one stylist just talked with her friend and ignored the line. Maybe it was just a fluke but I won't be back just based on the customer service and complete disregard for their business.
Great food. Sushi was fresh and delicious. A bit pricey, but worth it if you like high quality food.
It's cheaper and cleaner than most Amigos and Roberto's. Oh, and the food is better (Enough said).
The food is wonderful!  The servers are sweet and attentive. The management is rude. Called for reservations and treated like garbage. When arriving no greeting or welcome to regular customer. Just pointed to table. He told hostess we did not need menus. We miss the sweet blonde manager, as well as DANIEL and Sam.
Healthy food is a passion of mine and I always love when I can find a restaurant that makes it taste good too.   5 Stars all the way!
can they move...any slower...i was about to go to that counter and start running the place by myself. it took me 40min to get my name on the list...RIDIC! and i dont even mind waiting...but PLEASE work faster.
Very friendly staff. Little to no wait time. Helped me quickly get a replacement bank card when mine came up missing. Very easy to work with.
Lazy Jane's is a gem. Good food, great atmosphere, the perfect breakfast place on Willy St.
There store employee/manager kristin is not at all friendly. She acts like she's doing a million things instead of providing customer service.
Beautiful, hip ambience - disappointing dishes. I wished I liked it because I liked the atmosphere and the music. Great city feel, bad menu.
It's one of those \"if you're visiting (fill in the blank city), you have to eat at xyz. Primanti Brothers is where you go for the local fare lunch if you're in Pittsburgh.  Good, unique, memorable but not great.
It's a nice airport and has many places to eat. Security seems to get you in & out quickly.
Well what can I say but this place put every other burger joint to shame in terms of fast food. It's also extremely cheap for what you get so if you need fast food on a budget you want it to still taste good go here
Great fish house.  Loved it when I could eat fried food.  Better than most seafood houses at the Beach.
The Princess cafe makes the best sandwiches in the city.
Wings are always consistent and delicious. Service is above average. Prices are typical for a bar/wing/pizza joint. Good atmosphere. \n\nLove the Asiago Parmesean dusted wings and the Medium is darn near perfect.
I really do not know why I haven't shop here at Lowes more often? Every time I come here, they have everything I need, and their prices are very reasonable. I usually go to Ace, and Home Depot. Only because they are closer to home. But for now on, I will make more of an effort to shop here.
I look forward to getting out of the house once a week to go bowl at the center always a good time with friends and staff
Leckere Cocktails, zentrale Lage, g\u00fcnstige Preise und freundliches Personal. Einen Besuch wert
This review is for Just Drummy.\n\nBoring.  I do not feel like I had many piece of the \"drummy.\"  It was vanilla ice cream with a couple of pieces of waffle cone.  I should have just gotten vanilla and skipped the frustration.
Done, gone, repossessed!  How you have a semi-crowded to crowded bar yet cannot pay your bills I have to figure out.
Good sushi?  Totally?  Overpriced?  You know it.  About $18-20 for their specialty rolls.  \n\nIt is what it is.\n\nLive band started playing around 10:30 I think - good ambience and good eats before a night out.
I went here with a g/f for lunch.  It was good food but the service was VERY slow despite being almost empty.  They were friendly but SLOW.  I hope that this place survives but their service will have to improve.
Great gym. Just wish this location had tanning like the Peoria location.
My visit to here confirmed that buffeting is a young man's sport!!  They have most of the usual option and do it well.  At $50 a head, you could also get a very good meal somewhere else and not feel sick afterwards.   Just saying....
the casino doesn't look great but the renovated rooms are pretty nice for a good price. they also charge you $20 for some service crap when checking in. I would recommend Mirage over TI for about the same price. Mirage has more things do than just a pirate attraction.
Great coffee but don't go here if you're in a hurry. They employ only college students who are over the top friendly but who also think keeping people waiting in line for 15 minutes while they talk to their friends is totally cool.
It is a nice auduitorum, we came for a dance recital and it was a nice area.
This location does not accept Groupons, stay away from here and go somewhere else.  You'll have a headache by the time you get out of the store.
Holy crapoli, the strip is hella expensive. Good iced coffee for almost $5. The barista was sympathetic. That's probably about as good as it gets.
It is not too often that I ask to speak to the manager about the service, but our waiter Tony provided the best service that I have had in a long time. The guacamole made table side was fantastic and the house margaritas were awesome. The entire experience was excellent.
I have found my new nail spot! Jenny was my nail girl 3 years ago and we lost touch when she moved. So happy I found her, she is amazing!
Wow Vegas! Haven't been to this airport in 2 years and the upgrades you've made are fantastic. \n\nMuch bigger airport. More food options. Clean!!! And no smoky smell. Thank you for Terminal 3!!!
Paid $1200+ for a table, we were outside with 20 mph winds and too cold for girls in dresses. They wouldn't move us. Awful customer service. Staff was sympathetic but ultimately unhelpful.
Yes, the best bagels around.  But, you really get nickeled and dimed.  Really, a dollar extra for tomato and lettuce on you sandwich.  Oh, and now two less bagels in a dozen if you use a credit card.  A regular no more...
This is the worst review I have ever given restaurant. I waited 1 hour to get food and drink.  The manager did nothing except make excuses.   Totally  understaffed and poorly managed. I will never come back.
Awesome fresh salad for the price. You can make your own or have one of their creations. Same with the sandwiches. Great service too. I will keep coming back.
Food was very good and consistent with the other times we've eaten at Roy's in other cities. But the wait for the food took a LONG time! This restaurant is located inside the Marriott resort. Beautifully decorated with indoor and outdoor seating.
Tried the place on a whim because we were all craving burgers. OH MY GOODNESS did they have good burgers! The variety made me wonder at first but DAMN can they make a tasty burger!
Rob & Darcy have done an amazing job on the remodel and transforming the cafe into more than just bagels and cream cheese. They have really good coffee as well! The staff, for the most part, is friendly and helpful. \n\nFree wi-fi is a plus! :)
Awesome food, service,  prices, and atmosphere for lunch.  One of a kind.  Large variety.  Great service.
Service is terrible.  Fettuccine was chewy and the shrimp scampi was very fishy.  I would not go back here.  Thought it would be quick and easy before we headed out for the night but Yelp failed me this time.
The food is always fantastic, and the people are really nice!
As I was approaching the register, a very naive and young associate says very loudly to her coworker, \"See, I told you they always come when I'm about to walk away\". I  apologized, but she completely missed the sarcasm like I inconvienced HER. Sorry you had to do your job!
Just transfered my rx here so far ok, dont like their phone system though.
Very well appointed hotel. They seemed to have missed nothing. I have stayed all over the strip and this is among the best. They truly manage to keep everything classy, including the gamblers. \n\nRooms are simple and luxurious, but extremely comfortable.
The staff was great and very helpful but I'm giving it one star due to the fact you have to pay for everything! This is the 1st location I have been to where you have to pay. Other locations I have been to base it off your income this one doesn't due to them losing their funding. :(
I've come here a few times, the service is ok but the place itself makes me sick.  They blare the music so loud I became dizzy and got a huge headache.  I wouldn't be coming back here again
This laundromat is very clean and the attendant was very helpful. I had all my laundry done in 1 hour.
Cool place. Never knew it existed until I got a flyer in the mail. I am going next year for the Kentucky Derby!!! Dinner, watch the Derby and betting!! Mint julep please!!
I'm a KSBS BBQ judge, so I'm a BBQ snob.  I really liked the flavor profiles of the food, it was all over cooked.  Mac-n - cheese was bomb.  I think they do better than what I had so I'll go back and try again.
The sisig is legit!!!  Authentic and it reminds me of back home in the P.I.  I could go back here everyday just for their sisig=)
Really cute and unique party supplies. Probably better than Party City, in my humble opinion!
I liked the atmosphere but was overall underwhelmed with the food.
Loved this placed. Heck I come here twice a week and to get away from my roomie, that plays the same song \"Da Butt\" by E.U a good ten times back to back everyday. It's new, up to date, and quiet(which is what I love when I am studying).
I like this location.  They have a lot of turnover, but for the most part everyone has been pretty good.  Wish the outside tables were cleaned more often.  They are too dirty 90% of the time to use.
Coffee was weak and they didn't have any of the milk, creamer, etc. out even though it was 9:00 AM and they had been open a while. Asked for it and got aggravated at the wait so walked to my gate and used cream from the Starbuck's there instead.
The vibe is an upscale relaxed. As a result, you have some luxurious options, but the price tag to match. It is Vegas, so they do a good job with customer service. Our bar tender was awesome.
Woah long waits!!
No bell boy to help me while I waa struggling with a bunch of things. No one offered help. No front desk service for 5 mins when I arrived. Hall ways smell like public toilets. Shitty. Def not a 4 star hotel.
Best whole in the wall Chinese food in the west valley! I have been going here as a kid and I would go there again and again. Take out is great and I would recommend getting take out there. Now, eating there I might not suggest, taking the food home is awesome!
Excellent selection of food. The set up of the buffet is kind of awkward to me because the dessert is really far from everything else. Clean environment and friendly staff. I would definitely recommend this place and return again only having the buffet passes instead of paying $20+ per person.
I really enjoy what the Hale Center Theater brings.  I have seen some great performances and have been surprised at how well the scenary is done and the actors perform.  It is definitely worth it.  So happy Gilbert offers this.
I had lunch there yesterday, loved the veggie flatbread, friend loved the Kona chopped salad, full of good things.  But especially the service was excellent, sorry I didnt get her name, she was so nice, not intrusive but very helpful.
What a f#@king dump... and the managers are a joke.
The ruebans are decent, but not worth the 12.50 they charge.  Service is great though.
Looking for inexpensive pie with salad from a bag? You found it. Looking for great pizza? Keep looking!\n\nThe other dishes may be worthwhile. The owners speak Italian, they had a good bottled beer selection and the service was fine but the pizza? No!
We used to stay here frequently. So much in fact, the valet knew my wife and I by first name. But one BS charge on the credit card changed all that. Someone decided we were responsible for damage to a door in the room which cost us $900. That pretty much ruled out any future use of Platinum Hotel for us...
Show was great, but executing by the performers wasn't flawless (as we usually see from performances). Pricey, but what do you expect? Next show will be \"O\" and I cannot wait!
If El Pollo Locos chicken is good, this is way up the there!\nSmooth to the throat, and tastier!\nMust say, one if the best fast food chicken I've eaten!
Nice bar food.  The sweet potato fries are really good!  I had a cheesesteak sandwich, and the beef was tender and lean.  So good!  Much love to bartenders as well. We ate at the bar, and they took great care of us.
After reading the reviews I was nervous about going here to get a watch battery. I went friday and the service was great. The lady was very friendly and service was quick.
Don't waste your money. Total crap.
This rating is only for the Karaoke room.  Karaoke system is soo outdated, I don't know where to begin. Also, very limited of options to adjust the system.
David Burke took forever to deliver the food, and when it arrived, it was cold.  Additionally, the appetizer I had was decent (crab cakes), but the salad was so so.
This was absolutely horrible. I got the supreme pizza with the mystery meats.  I threw it in the trash. I will wait until I get to my destination to eat. Horrible!!!
LOVE ikea,   make sure you try the swedish meatballs at the cafe or be sure to pick up a bag of them to take home in the frozen food section!!
BAD BAD BAD!!!! Not fresh, bad service, bad management and expensive. Not worth the money at all!\nDon't go there!
Best Sangria ever, awesome veggie slider, exceptional testing sweet potato fries and very good beef burger!  Highly recommend
Freshness varies. When I've been to events where they serve Pittsburgh Popcorn, it's always such a great treat! But when I stop in and get a small bag of regular buttered popcorn, it is usually stale :-(\n\nStale popcorn makes me just so sad.
Great place for gasoline. The store is dirty and poorly maintained. The men's bathroom as broken and tagged up on a recent visit.
I love this Home Depot! Everyone is very friendly! \"Art\" pointed us in the direction of a $5 solution for what was looking like a $1,000 problem. Very helpful, well-stocked and close to my home.
This is my first time going here I looked it up on yelp\nThe sushi was good
Edy's ice cream in terminal E is gone, so came to give this a try. Weakly flavored chocolate-hazelnut. Very disappointing
Typical Chinese restaurant.  Stuff in brown sauce, light brown sauce, orange sauce, red sauce... ugh
Excellent food and even better service.  Our server Mark was outstanding and the manager entertained our kids while we drank our margaritas.
Closed as per the handwritten sign in the window
Loved it. Going for breakfast tomorrow.
This location is ALWAYS out of stock with the majority of their popular products. You would think they would figure out how to properly stock their store to maximize their sales, but that doesn't seem to be the case. Very disappointing.
Mediocre coffee...decent pastry...nice staff....but prices are ridiculous. \n\nYou are basically paying a premium to drink coffee amongst summerlin milfs.
Exemplary service, great food, wonderful ambiance. We couldn't find fault at all. Best sit-down Mexican so far in Las Vegas!
Wow, amazing banh mi and some amazing pho derivatives.
Well we are Latin but in the mexicant place we felt discriminate be a Mexican lady \nBad bad servicio all around ..
I love this place.  The atmosphere, the bartenders, the waitresses and most of all the food. The potato pancakes are delicious as are all their soups. I think there is something for everyone here. Their desserts are all delicious. We eat here before most concert or sporting event.
Came with a party of six and left with six happy smiles. Each of us ordered completely different meals and we were all extremely satisfied.
Been here a few times. A couple of times were carry out, and once was sit down. There food isn't amazing, and the staff isn't anything to write home about. The sushi I got from take out was warm, and they got my order wrong. There are much better places around.
If you like scotch, wine, cigars, and/ or pipes, you owe it to yourself to pay this place a visit.
Food was okay, not the best. Kind of expensive considering it was almost $20 per person.
atmosphere for hockey games is weak, especiallyb compared to others.  nationwide arena puts consol to shame.  consol rest room lines are insane, again especially compared to other arenas.  a huge pens fan, but the ignorant, yuppy fans pollute the place.
Aweful. The driver have no idea where they are going. Completely unreliable. Cheap? Yes. You get what you pay for. Stick with Union Cab.
Came here last night with my bf and his friend who was in town visiting. We all ordered margaritas and wow were they awesome!!! We ordered several tacos which were just ok. I got a burrito bowl which was really good...we will prob come back but just for the drinks.
This place is amaaaaaaazing! The coffee and the cr\u00eapes are delicious. Just wished it wasn't closed on Sundays
Free pool sun - thur. Drink prices okay. Good pretty good. Wednesday all day happy hour.
I have gone to Christine for two months now and I adore her. She is professional, funny, and does a great job. I already have my next appt booked!!
Was supposed to see a show here  - Beachers  Madhouse. It was cancelled. No one here will refund us.
So far been here for 45 minutes and haven't gotten our food. Even the group of three next to us gor ttheir meals faster than we did. \n\nThe waitresses wear dresses that look two sizes two small and are unflattering.
Fresh chips and Salsa
Cool store love the variety....baby ducks, chainsaws and super cute jeans! will be going back asap :)
The pizza was not the best I've had...but the service was decent and the wait time was very long...
I have tasted better\" all you can eat sushi\" . The fish \nDidnt look fresh at all ... The rolls were overly done with rice\nAnd just didnt taste good . Not a great experience overall .
Unprofessional staff, streaked windows and mirrors. I was very disappointed with the outcome of my car wash. The interior of my car was not completely cleaned either.\nI will never go back!
great food and really good service, kinda tucked away of Hacienda St but worth the drive
Been coming here since they open and the only reason I come back is KRISTI the day shift bartender 9am-4pm. The best bartender ever! Makes u feel like u matter and excellent customer service!
If you order delivery on a regular basis they give you free food. The people care about your satisfaction and they charge less for the same food as other restaurants. Full of cute girls, alcoholic beverages, and the patio is the perfect enclave.
Ticket prices are higher than Harkins almost every time. Their IMAX theatre is a retrofit so it doesn't give you the same experience as those built for IMAX.
Parking is terrible, selection is terrible, staff is terrible.\n\nWould rather drive 15 min to another electronics store than shop here again.
An alright place to watch some games. Infinite parking.\n\nDrink prices aren't low. Food is not very good for the price.
Cheap and decent, but your towers are too far away from each other.
I don't know why we bother with this location, you'll wait at least 10-15 minutes before they approach you for a simple hello and drink order. Go to Craig location instead.
This place is hit or miss. The food is authentic (as you can watch them cook it fresh) however, some products seemed as though they could have been microwaved. I still say it's better than Roberto's :)
Fun place with rather poor service.  They only had one drink menu for the entire restaurant.  They had 0 beers on tap...only bottles.  I enjoy trying tap beers from local breweries when I travel but could not at this joint.  They had a pretty good cover band while we were there but we opted to talk with our friends outside.
The soup came out cold and it had nothing in it
The Good:\n\nGreat service\nWonderful desserts\nClean\n\nThe Bad:\n\nEverything Else
In town for quick meeting. Yelped and found Rony. Great guy, great place, great recommendations. If I wasn't in Orange County, this would be my weekly spot!!!  The service is unsurpassed and the price is a deal!!!
Cupcakes are delicious, but too expensive.  I really only go here on special occasions.
This place been here for a while and finally stopped to give it a try. Glad we did. The service is good and the food is exceptional.
Great pulled pork sandwich!! Nice and tender the medium sauce had just the right bite! Will come back for sure!!
Food was wrong, didn't bring drinks or refills in timely manner, lobster was served cold but they did give us dessert since they messed up the order so bad.
Dr. Erdos takes good care of my family and understands our complex medical needs.
Very good food! Fast delivery!
Horrible service. They actually came and picked up the jump house mid party cause of a disagreement. I would rather let the kids play with a hoop and  stick than use this company.
this place was awesome. nice and cheap. there drinks were really strong and service was grade a top choice. threw some money on the tables and i was out of there.
We had our school night there last night. It was packed, people seemed happy, and as always, their pizza was very good! Barro's is always generous to our school and I appreciate them very much.
It's not as great as xs but me and my girlfriends have great memories here:)
Pork chops were not well seasoned, noodles are too mooshy, food was too sweet, definitely overrated.
AVOID. I showed up to Vegas having reserved 2 cars in advance. Upon arrival, they tell everyone in line \"sorry, no cars available, you can try to wait a few hours, but cars may not be available until tomorrow. WTF is that??? NEVER AGAIN, DOLLAR.
The fountain. The shops. The utter beauty of everything. This place is amazing, and one day I hope to stay at the hotel. Just passing through and doing some window shopping, this place seems like one of the most elegant hotels in Vegas.
Front desk staff was rude and wasn't willing to help figure out what was wrong with my reservation. One person did but was in the phone the entire time with other business.
Best BBQ in Vegas!  Great staff and greater food.
LifePower refused to honor my groupon because they insisted I was a former member which I was not.  I was an inactive member for 6 years of a club they took over 2 years ago.  They lost me as a potential long term customer for a $40 groupon; very poor business practice!
Music is good, but.. venue is super small. They dedicated the place more to people who would get tables than a bigger space for those who won't
Great place for an outdoor lunch. Our server Amanda was very nice and offered lots of great suggestions. Always love a night of drinking at this place but guess what? Good food too! Great Jalape\u00f1o Mac and cheese (hint:add bacon). Free cotton candy for dessert sealed the deal.
Stayed here a couple of times. The rooms are pretty spacious. There is a kitchen with a large refrigerator, as well as plasma televisions in the living area and bedroom. It doesn't really have that Vegas hotel feel like some others on the strip, but it's a good choice if that really doesn't matter to you.
To be honest, the food was not so good.  The service was even worse.  It took 10 minutes for a waiter to come to our table after we sat down.  Great view of the strip.
horrible sound system, no
I came here b4 with my friend but this time it was for me.I had my eyebrows threading done here and it was not painful and quick.the only reason I am not giving it a 5 star coz the lady was not friendly much.i felt cold whatever behavior from her.
I have been living here for a month now, great place.
It's cool that they brew their own beers. I wasn't a huge fan of the food and beer, but it is a neat restaurant in Pittsburgh!
Nice and clean place for employees,  but customers especially they are WIC people.  I tried to WIC there but had a horrible hard time with young tall white woman cashier. Her name is L .K who was really unkind and rude to me because of WIC. I was truly humiliated and embraced.
The food is AMAZING!! However the service sucked. We waited over ten minutes for a waiter and really weren't sure who our waitress was. She forgot drinks and never checked on is after dropping food off. The bus boys were fantastic and took great care of us. Again the food was GREAT!
Thoroughly underwhelming. Fish taco made with fish sticks basically. Gigantic margaritas didn't save the rating but were appreciated.
FANTASTIC lunch this afternoon with my husband!  The staff is awesome and the owner made us a delicious dessert afterwards. PERFECTION on a plate!  Thank you, Jeff!
Great service! Took their time! Had no problem suggesting something that actually benefitted me! Turned down service instead of making you wait! Very kind! No waters offered was a downer but everything else was on key!
Enjoyed the evening playing blackjack at this casino.  It's one of the nicest I've seen, and I've been to a lot of Indian casinos as part of my work.  If you like casinos and resorts, I recommend this one.
One of the best sushi places off the strip, comparable to Nobu and Blue Ribbon. I always sit at the sushi bar and let the chefs make up my menu. High quality fish and unique flavors. A little on the pricey side, but the quality makes it worth it.
We liked this place better than Chang Jiang and Lee's Garden. It's reasonably priced, good, fast delivery, has orange chicken with a little kick and just over all nice folks and good service.\n\nWe will definitely order from here again.
I liked this restaurant. The BF had ate here before and wanted me to see the huge map. It was cool. I got the spaghetti and meatballs but changed it to angelhair instead which they did with no problem. It was a good meal. Had an awesome waiter.
Absolutely Terrible bland food. I had the shrimp in lobster sauce and the sauce was brown instead of white like it should be. I will never order from this place again. Really bad food, such a disappointment.
I'll be honest I was not impressed with the food. Very in seasoned and greasy. Service was slow. I also received a dirty water glass and silverware. This was my first and last visit. I give it 2 stars because the cost is low.
We ordered the buffet, the food was not very good and almost cold. The waiter we had did not say a word to us after taking our drink order, overall I'd say to avoid the buffet it, it was a waste of money.
Great Gelato. Coffee is first class too.
If you enjoy Cajun food; don't miss this place.   Great food and very reasonable prices.     Great place to go to lunch.     Have eaten there several times and enjoyed the food each time.       I especially like the red beans and rice.
Very good food, very good service.  Calzone and garlic knots were awesome.  Friendly small place with big flavors.
Horrible customer service. Not only were the employees horrible the owner could care less.... FYI never ever try and use one of their coupons, they will make the experience so terrible you will regret ever trying... just pay full price.
As my friend put it, \"this is great drunk food.\"  The large $2 slices are great for a quick bite before or after drinking/studying/whatnot but not for an actual MEAL. I do like to stop by this place on most of my visits to Champaign, though.
Had the Halal pepperoni pizza and cheese pizza, both excellent, great taste. Owners were extremely pleasant folks.
Why have a Groupon and run out of cupcakes early, this isn't the first time they have closed early because they were sold out. I have heard the same from different people. It would be great if you can get some after work on the weekday without having to wait for the weekend.
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...
Stopped by for a Frozen Hot Chocolate and it was surprisingly pleasant! Unfortunately our service was terrible once the waitress realized we weren't there to eat and pretty much put us in the back burner. My sister ate here a prior day for lunch and loved the food and didn't complain of any service.
Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict? Mouthgasm. No need to explain. I live in So Cal... Take me back please :(
What can I say?... BDubs is the best wings spot ever! Great employee staff, relaxed environment, awesome happy hour, and great deals on Tuesday and Thursday! I suggest grabbing some Asian Zing and Mango Habernaro wings and cold brew. It'll make your night that much better.
Biggest plate of nachos I've been served in quite some time. They were really good, especially the veggie chilli.The grub here is plentiful and tasty - will definitely be back. Bonus with nice outside seats and a continental atmosphere.
Went in for a table of three plus a baby. Very helpful weight staff ended up recommending all of our dishes. The Margarita was great. The Mexican food was  quite good. I would recommend it as a family friendly, tasty Mexican restaurant.
Good burger, good waitress. Just good thing it's at the airport. Not exactly sure would have went out of the way for it if it was in general public area.
The dinner box is pretty big 4 the price. The pizza here is pretty good. I love the cinni sticks and the chicken Alfredo.  I was an walk in and I didn't have to wait more than 15 which is pretty cool depending on how hungry you are.
Avi was very personable. Love the simplicity and down to earth nature of the neighborhood barber shop. Being open on Sundays is a plus as well.\n\nThis is a great addition to the neighborhood. Definitely would go again for a Classic men's haircut.
When I used to work in the Blakeney area I would eat at Lorenzo's regularly. The pizza is really good, the sauce is amazing which is really important to me. I recommened the Gramma!
This place is dirty, the owner is miserable and the food is terrible. It's amazing they have been in business this long.
The food was amazing. I got a three course meal for $15 along with some of the best bean dip and salsa ever. The queso dip grows on you and its well worth the money. I highly recommend this place!
The WALLS oh the WALLS!  They are toooo THIN! you can hear everything!  BUT the BED oh the BED! I slept sooooo good!
Amazing bacon. Simply superb and unexpected for an airport terminal. Phenomenal. Great price.
I have absolutely no complaints here! This was an amazing steakhouse nestled in the Monte, with a view of the hot tables right outside the restaurant. Staff was on point and so was the Lamb chops i had and the filet my hubby got melted in your mouth! I wish we had room for dessert but we were stuffed and satisfied :)
Squirrel nut zipper candy! Enough said! Seriously, though, this candy store is great. I love that they sell black jack and teaberry gum. Lots of vintage and retro candy is found here that can be difficult to find anywhere else. A welcome addition to Pittsburgh's strip district.
Smells and tastes just like the food my Burmese friends make. Delicious yellow curry, pleasant wait staff and prompt service make this a very appealing place to eat in or take home to enjoy.
I like garlic but garlic knots were so heavy on garlic that they were hot.   Owners and staff were fabulous but pizza was just average.   Most likely won't be going back.
Clerks are great, but supervisors and box services are flat out RUDE.
I just had the worst Chi Tea Latte ever.  It was made from a powder.  It didn't taste anything like chi.  It was like drinking milk with a lot of sugar.
Yes I love this place and I want to go again and again.   The value is also very good and where it should be.   Note to all: The pork chop is now called \"Ham Chop\", it's still my favorite item on the menu and I think the country's best piece of swine.
Are you #%\u00a5\u20ac#%\u20ac kidding me. The staff's attitude is less than desirable. Must be working in the novelty of the name. Asked to speak with manager. Same problem. Good luck. Never going to this one.
On this occasion the food was mediocre and the service was slow.  I do like the ambience here but it was a little frustrating today!
Gyro no onions with feta of course. Drove across town to try the new one. Bigger than #1, same food thankfully.
Lots of factory made crap here. Also tried to refuse a plastic bag but the lady just had to give me one.
Super friendly staff in this location.\n\nFood came out well and super hot.  Like the egg and cheese Wrap and it is only like $1.15 and I can get it any time of day.  Also like the hash brown bites.  Mmmm
Awesome customer service! The customer service rep in the front was very helpful and answered all my questions. Gary is very knowledgeable and gave me the coverage I needed while saving me tons of money.
Horrible food and service! Luckily, they are the only Mexican restaurant in town or they would be out of business. I've been twice and every time the service gets worse. Your local Mexican drive thru has better food.
Simply a great place but tonight at the Concord Mills location didn't cut it!  I'm so sad because I was so READY for steak! To Roadhouses credit the waitress was GREAT and she's not the cook. Half eaten steak and soggy grease fries I leave disappointed.
Craving for Filipino food.. Halo halo made my day!  Ordered Lauriat and it was cooked to perfection.  T he place is clean too!  =)
Solid.  Good food, lots of it, good service, lots of it.  Love the convenience of the counter service.  Could have used more spice but next time I'll just order a menu item  with that specific intent.
The worst service I have ever had and we were the only people in there! Chicken was burnt and had to scream at the waitress to ask her to fix it!!!! Could not pay me to go back!!!!
Wow, the chicken was too burned and they charged me $1.99 for grilling the tomatoes and onions but didn't tell me. When I objected they just said, \"Oh well.\" Not for me. There are too many other good Med places in Tempe.
We were VERY disappointed.  The customer services to TOP NOTCH but the food was OK. I'm glad we experienced Battista's but we will not return.
First time in this new location.\n\nMeh.\n\nLooks like they've fizzled out. Noting special. Nothing really good.
Pizza was okay, nothing to write home about. The slices are quite big, I was filled up on two of them. Free refills on the fountain drinks :D Service was not personal though very helpful. The pizza itself was super greasy and that was two different kinds. Would try again.
Great tasting frozen yogurt, excellent customer service, very clean inside. Healthy choice for a sweet treat.
Good food and pretty dog friendly. Cash only.
Beautiful costumes, acrobatics, and music.  I love that they have live music!  The story (is there really one?) lacked a bit for me... but if you just focus on the moves, it is lovely.
Out of Flounder and no halibut tonight. Mushroom risotto very salty and too mushroomy. Very pricey. Everything else ok
Not too impressed, there are much better Mexican restaurants around.  The tacos however are pretty good.  The salsa is pretty bad.   Also can't shake the whole health department-forced shutdown a few years back.
Belle atmosph\u00e8re de party.
Came here at 8:15pm, walked in and guy locked door right behind me saying they were closing and their selection was that of a donation bin basically.  I left, I don't need to choose from the crumbs of others.
Not so great the only thing good i had was the drinks. Jerk chicken -dry, coconut shrimp was ok- sauce was nasty, and the dip for the chips were nasty..... Will I return hell- no\nEVERYTHING left on the table not really touch but empty drink glasses
Crowded, mashups, girls all wearing the same clothes, horrible booze (like poison-you horrible), $12 drinks, $450 bottles. Not my scene but the club was pretty/well appointed. Many floors. Might be someone else's idea of a fun night, but it definitely wasn't mine.
The service was great. The atmosphere was great. The price was a bit high. The real problem was in the blandness of the food. Maybe I am a bit spoiled out here on the coast but everything was bland. Maybe they aim the flavor at a mid-west palate? Spicy'less tuna?
Awesome donuts. Best apple fritter I've had in a long time.  Breakfast croissant with ham cheese and jalape\u00f1o was tasty as well. Highly recommended.
By far the best donuts I've had for a long time my favorite place for a fast breakfast service is great and so is the food and coffee.
Waste of time, these bodies that always look after there own are not independent and never will be. \nHow can solicitors regulate solicitors?
Rory and Kristen take care of you like family!  AND they take care of your car too!\n\nI have never had a problem with the fixing my car...and it is ALWAYS cheaper than the next place.  They care about their customers and want you satisfied with the work that they do.
The BEST vape shop in Las Vegas!!!!! I won't go any where else!!! Best juice, best price, awesome customer service!!!! They have never let me down!! Thanks guys!!
Lame. Sitting at bar. Both bartenders ignoring me and it isn't very busy. Got my food and there are 4 shrimp on an $18 dish. Still waiting for my iced water..........\n\nAddendum.... The shrimp are good.
I was always get the chipotle avocado sandwich. Service is always great considering they serve so many customers. Earls is always a nice place to eat.
Good food. And the waitress leaves you alone...until you need a refill on drinks.
No way this Walmart is a dump. Trash every were. The shelves are a mess and its not a pleasant place to be in for long period of time. If you want to go to Walmart I do not recommend this one.
Don't waste your time or money!! Awful food, low quality. I believe it will be difficult to find a worse eating experience, lol.
This is a no-nonsense pizza delivery place.  Always relable and always good.
Thai iced tea is super watered down! Pho' is good but the proportions suck ass! :/
This place was a lot of fun. If you enjoy your rum, then this is the place for you. The drinks here are very much worth every penny. If you want something basic and delicious have the Rhumb Punch, it's delicious and not too expensive. In general the drinks there are awesome!
Tina Marie is amazing! She was so helpful and I really enjoyed my shopping experience with her. She was very thorough and explained everything to me along each step of the process. I can't wait to get my new glasses.
I dropped in, rushing to the hospital to meet my friends new baby girl. Nothing in the cooler caught my eye so they made me s custom arrangement in 15 minutes. Awesome.
New patient to Premier Eyecare.  My first visit went well, the staff and doctor were pleasant to see.  Thus far, would recommend this office to others.
We are here again and this time we tried the spicy calamari roll.  Delicious! Wr also had the house salad love the dressing. We have not been disappointed anytime we eat here.  Food is always great and the staff is friendly.
Just not a good meal. EVERYTHING was sweet, the yellow curry really lacked flavor and did I mention everything was sweet.  Well, I take that back, the crab rangoon was very good.  Yellow Curry, Tom Yum Koong, Shrimp Pad Thai were ordered.  Hopefully just a bad night for the kitchen.
The ham and cheese croquettes are delicious.  The meatballs were okay.  The artichoke appetizer was okay.  With so many options to choose from, I will go back and try more.  But, I will have the croquettes again.
Dry aged bone-in ribeye is to die for.  The scallops and oysters were also delicious.  The staff were patient and quite knowledgeable for wine and food selection.  Menu pricing can reach borderline absurdity.
I'm a big fan of this place.\nI've seen a few different vets from here over the years, and this place consistently gives me a warm fuzzy feeling.\nI also really like that they're open on Sundays, and I've never had a problem getting in if one of my furbabies is sick.
Why do stores like this exist? Does anyone in Arizona really need more brightly colored, tacky tchotchkes? It looks like Elton John threw up in here and then Liberace tried to cover it up by bedazzling everything.
They advertise fast service, but I didn't get away from the register before the sandwich was finished. Food was good and filling, and service was with a smile. Not a lot of seating and was kind of noisy. Pricing was cheaper then subway and the food was better.
Hooray Beer! Finally Mesa has its own Brewery.  Fun place, great staff, and delicious beers. Quite a variety of beers. No food service but they have food trucks and you can order from local restaurants for delivery.
Good happy hour, if you are craving margaritas. They have different flavors and you can't go wrong with any of them. The food is good, but nothing special.. oh and did I mention free chips???
Curry chicken was tasteless
This is by far the best one in the valley! Never to busy, great helpful employees, and clean! What more could you ask for?
If you want a sundae as huge as your head .... this is the place!!! Whip cream has no sweetness to it...
Two words- cheap, good. Lunch specials are very affordable and the portions aren't too bad. So many noodle, rice and a la carte dishes to choose from. To be honest the quality is better than Sam Woo's. Come here for lunch or dinner, you will not be disappointed!
Quiet, comfortable and convenient; excellent attributes for the business traveller! Breakfast included healthy choices but still provided something for the carb-a-holics :-)
Love this theater! The management team was great when I had a special request, couldn't ask for better customer service.
FUN FUN FUN place!  Great vibe, service, fantastic views (ya gotta hit that bathroom, ladies!  spectaculah!).\n\nYou'll love it!
I loved the freshness of the breakfast and the outdoor dining area. The food was served in a timely manner especially seeing how crowded it was. We would eat here again, it was nice to have real food on vacation that was wholesome and nutricious.
Like everyone else, I'm going to blow sunshine up the ass of the Venetian Poker Room. Good tournaments, always have cash games running, solid staff, good cocktail service.\n\n5 stars for one of the better poker rooms in Vegas.
This is, by far, absolutely the most fantastic atmosphere in downtown Phoenix. With it's trendy crowd, eclectic cocktail menu and it's inviting menu, Hanny's, simply, won me over. Enjoy!
Typical Golden Corral. Food was good, service was good, price was good. No complaints.
Two words folks: Ghetto-ghetto
Not worth the money.  Food is average.  Setting is nice.  Service is below average.  I recommend many other  places in Chinatown as it has better food.
Wish I had read the reviews before booking through my airline. Terribly run. Waited 45 minutes to get on a shuttle. Everyone working here is rude. I must agree, AVOID AT ALL COSTS! Take a cab, walk, anything is better than this shuttle service.
Rocky with a breathtaking view at the top.
My rating on this particular location will never change. But I will say this, corporate sent me a wonderful letter and gift card in the mail because of my yucky experience and that made me appreciate the company as a whole. But you Vegas girls need to get with it!
Has amazing views...\nIs great in any season...\nStaple of Edina.
Let me start by saying I really hate this place. It reeks of Hipsters and their hipsterness. The coffee is ok at best it would be better if it wasn't served with the attitude that your are inconveniencing them by ordering something.
This is my first five star rating.  I can't \nWait Togo back.
I think I'm a regular now. The food is delish and the atmosphere is great. Such a great hangout spot.
Returning my car, great experiance as usual.
Your standard smokehouse food.  Food was good!
Wife and I both got sick over their pizza.  It didn't taste right.  I did like the peppers they use.  But that's the only nice thing I have to say.
One of the best restaurants in Vegas and the best meat in town great people great service great food
Not the greatest choice,people upset while waiting 4 their order.after it took 15 minutes 4 someone 2 come 2 the front as the phone constantly ringing. As know one bothered 2 answer it @ all! I don't give this a star @ all. Go somewhere else.
I have noticed that lately the food and service are getting worse and worse. ICE cold mashed potatoes, burnt hashbrown casserole, slow service and not getting refills on time. Seems each time we go it gets worse and that is all locations.
The food was not bad, the portions were not that big and the service was bad. Toby is not only loving this bar...he's loving the profits!!
Can't afford to shop here. Only window shop...not even. Makes me sad and poor.
My favorite local hangout. I love going there for the Barbra SeVille show, DJ Tsunami and of course all the drink specials throughout the week.
Beautiful furniture.  Unlike the other reviews I experienced wonderful  customer service.
Paul and his staff were amazing! great customer service and helped us out getting our English Bulldog! They also educated us on proper care for the pup and his dietary needs.
Loove the lunch menu! Inexpensive and filling. Cheaper than most fast food places with a home flavor. I love when I get to have lunch here
the size of the screens is about 4 of my tvs put together. my dwr couch that doubles as a bed is more comfortable than the sitting in this place.\n\ntoo bad it's the only 'theater' to see any good movies.
I've ordered 2500+ rounds online from SGC and have always been satisfied by their prices on FMJ .45 ACP.  I'm interested in the 360, programmable target movement and Machine Gun Adventures at their club.  If ever in the Phoenix area, I definitely will plan a visit to Scottsdale Gun Club.
Great little used bookstore in Charlotte. Selection was great fro history books and literature.  The travel section was a bit disappointing, but I did find a great first edition of the Tibetan Book of the Dead.\n\nI would definitely come back for a visit.
Glad to have this restaurant in my neighborhood, the only thing that would make it better for me would be a patio, you know for the dog to come with. Reasonable price, had a great red curry!
I have only been twice and feel no need to return. The menu choices are limited and I found a few things that sounded good except the sides they were paired with. My friend ordered a pork burrito(not sure of the menu name) but could not detect the cheese or beans as advertised.
I must say.... they deserve 5 stars for the improvement over their old pizza of years past. The pan pizza was restaurant quality, cheap, and delivered to my door. What more can I ask for?
Party of 10.   Made a reservation.    Had to wait 30 minutes anyway.   Desmond, our waiter could have cared less.   Food was decent, but the service was brutal.\n\nIm guessing they either have high staff turnover or are under staffed.
Hell NO!, do not go here i repeat..do not go there, i don't even know where to begin..\n\n\nPeople make a honest living, but these guys are dirty
Came here for the flashlight tour which was very interesting, could have had some more wildlife out for people to see but very cool.  Don't come here during the middle of the day it's HOT!
Place is small, so friend and I ordered take-out. We tried the chicken kebab and the kofta kebab. It came with lots of rice, salad, grilled tomatoes and peppers. Taste was alright. Portion would definitely fill you up.
Bring your own tape and scissors.  I wasn't allowed to use theirs because of \"insurances\", and they charged me $2 to tape my package.  Business must be slow.  FEDEX next time.
Mellow mushroom is terrible.  I have never written a review before but this place is a grotesquely racist establishment and i never want to return to it ever again.  I would give it negative 100 stars if i could.
Been to this location multiple time...as always great food ...BUT...the last experience at this location was not so great......waited over 45 minutes for an appetizer and only recieved it after I asked a couple of times .... was pretty disappointing visit to say the least
Paid for PDS service which should have arrived by 10:30am but got delivered at 12:07pm. Atleast it got there and they didn't lose it plus it's cheaper than UPS & Fedex so 2 stars.
Always good seafood and raw bar as fresh as your children's mouth; crowded and noisy but never a disappointment
Great place. Thai/Chinese cuisine. We stopped going to buffets in Vegas. We do Kung Fu everytime we visit. Fried calamari, Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce, pad thai, fried chicken wings are a must. Still haven't gone through the whole menu.
Quite simply, the best.
Great service. Thank you for the great job this team does. Professional and just great
OK
My passenger side window would not roll up. All they did was spray it was something and sent me on my way. They didn't even charge me.
Everything on their menu is delicious! I always get the Bobbi! I warm it up in the microwave and it tastes 100 times better. This Capriottis has the best customer service. They are more friendly here than other ones I've been to.
didn't think the pho tai was anything special.\nit was really oily.\nbetter than pho so 1.
They stop serving at 7:30pm on a Saturday night.\n\nThat is retarded.\n\nThe End.
Little carts buzzing by bringing you all sorts of delicious treats.  Shrimp dumplings, char Sui dumplings, flat noodles, etc.  Love it.
Excellent place.  I admit, I came here for the name - I loved the name and then viewed the menu and it was clear I was going to be a guest here prior to me leaving Vegas.  It's a great atmosphere smart casual and the service is quite lovely.  Very relaxing time with great food and I will certainly return
They took over the old Wendy's-turned-taco-joint in force!  Tasty, fresh thai. Favorites are the coconut martini and massaman curry with beef short ribs. They have a great neighborhood vibe.
Excellent food and atmosphere.  All tapas we tried were amazing (olives, spanish tortilla, cod fish fritters, fideos,serrano and cheese).  Churros were a hit.  Paella was mediocre.
Disappointed today. This is usually a favorite. Wait for food was long, bottom of Reuben was soggy. And my husband didn't get 1000island dressing w his.  Great service and food when we've eaten there before. Don't know what was going on.
Good, fresh, tasty, abundant, good value.  Say, \"Hi\", to Micky.
I've been to this restaurant about three times. I enjoy eclectic food, but the food here is just plain weird. Las Vegas has so many incredible restaurants that I wonder how this one stays in business. Oh, and it wasn't busy when we went there rather than waiting in an impossibly long line at another restaurant on the same property.
I came here after shopping in the forum shops and have to say the day I dined in all the fish were very fresh. It's a bit pricey, but the atmosphere is nice and if you're craving sushi after shopping this is a great place to go!
Got the Shrimp wonton w/ramen noodle. The portion was very good but, the soup has absolutely no flavor.  Disappointed as all the reviews said it was great.
Great burger deal! Decent nighttime
Can't go wrong. Good flavor. Good portion. Good pricing.\nJust sucks that its soooo far.
Pretty lackluster Thai food in a good location.
Always good. Great lunch spot, great food, great service.
If you know what a \"fish fry\" is then this is your spot! Everything is good and made when you order. REAL seafood!\n\nPrimarily take out although they do have some limited seating.
Just three days ago, my heart was broken. It was love at first bite. I would marry this crab, but I realized that  I can't have my crab and eat it too. I am seriously having withdrawals, which is why I am returning again. And again later this week. And next week.
Simple and casual.\n\nI like this place.  There's nothing fancy here. It's basically comfort food, Latino style.  I tried the mixed Pupusas.  It was different, but I'll definitely have it again. My main dish was the Salvadorian Arroz con Pollo, that tasted like any other.
Update- A little late yet important to note. Later that evening Thomas from Kaizen called to apologize about the situation. It was nice to know that the restaurant cares about customer satisfaction and hold themselves accountable for the mishap. I was pleased by the way he rectfied the situation. I will give Kaizen another chance in the future.
The Club used to be one of our favorites...but lately the food has been going downhill-quickly.  Sent all 5 of our meals back last Saturday night.
I wasn't impressed with The Links Bar. Although interior okay it lacked any kind of atmosphere. Service was okay, we didn't eat but wasn't all that happy with the drinks i had a flat coke and my husband had a pint of beer that just tasted off he wasn't impressed either!
Very good, excellent sides, tasty food.
Haven't been in a long while. Disappointed in their Katzu Chicken sauce. It's like they watered It down and all the breading was falling off the chicken when I opened up my box. Still good but disappointed as it used to be my favorite place for Hawaiian BbQ.
Worst cheesy breadsticks! I've ordered this item from other locations and it was great but this location's version was terrible! They were over cooked, cut in half  and with 50% less bread sticks than other locations. Barely any cheese as well.
Not the best Starbucks experience I've ever had.   Messy and slow.
Food is good but service is poor. Our server got one of my orders wrong, it took forever for our food to get to the table and after that the server didn't come back to check if everything was good until she gave us the bill.
Went there NYE for dinner and had a great experience. Waitress was funny and had a great knowledge of everything on the menu. The only thing I found wrong with this place is that it is a little too small for the amount of tables in it.
Stopped in for a glass of wine with a g/f and sat at the bar.  Feels very tired and old.  Also, a glass of mediocre wine and an ice tea being almost $15 is crazy?!  Definitely much better places in the area that I would go to instead.
NOT on The Strip.\n\nEXCELLENT and diverse buffet.\n\nBEAUTIFUL well-kept rooms.\n\nWONDERFUL pool!\n\nMy favorite place to stay in Las Vegas  NV.
This place is Supercuts meets ESPN Zone, minus the bar. If you're looking for a true barber shop with Razor cuts and fades, this isn't it. There's cute girls working here and you're paying mostly for that.
Here is the breakdown - \n4 stars for donuts and coffee. Both were fresh and good\n3 stars for staff. Competent but slightly rude. \n0 stars for charging 50 cents for using a credit card. This is a poor business practice and I won't be back because of it.
Great lunch. Burgers are huge, pizza plenty for multiple people and the BLT with pork belly was to die for.
It was ok...
Service and staff was good . Food was ok at best . Unless you like greasy burgers then you will be ok .
I called the Roofing Consultants after the hail storm in Phoenix. They were extremely professional and courteous. They made this extremely frustrating process smooth and easy to handle. They did a wonderful job getting the work done on schedule and to my expectations. I would definitely refer Roofing Consultants of Arizona to anyone looking!
FYI:  the piano & pool table are for decoration purpose ONLY.  They were fooling us.  No free wifi.  That is kindna suck.  Old  & smelly carpet.
Horrible Place!! I wiped everything down with Lysol wipes! I refused to use their towels because I don't think they changed them!
What a great addition to the neighborhood! I absolutely love this place! Fast, friendly and clean service!!
I have been a customer for over 30 years but never again. I was double billed for a meal and contacted them about it. I made many attempts and kept receiving an automated response that they would be contacting me. I still haven't heard from them concerning this matter after nearly three months of trying. I like the food but customer service is bad.
Grainy and soft\nShould serve with a straw
Worst five guys experience ever. Dude cooking fries made them so greasy we couldn't eat them. And he was dripping w sweat as he handed us our food.  Usually love five guys but this location needs help.
Wow.  One of the best breakfast places in Vegas?  Nothing special here: ambiance is dull - celebrity photos of \"D\" listers; regular diner food which was OK and coffee not notable.  I don't get it.
Love this place. Sushi chefs are very friendly and sushi is delicious. Love the Screaming O, something wrong #7,jay roll... Can't go wrong. Nico makes the best spicy tuna salad. Mmmmm.
Great place...excellent fried catfish.
I have been here for 40 minutes and still waiting to be seen while the employees are just chatting away up front. I guess they only have one doctor? Probably will not come back again.
One of my favorite places to eat. Food is consistently good.
Food was good, a bit pricey.  Atmosphere was fun.
I've been going to Sapporo for a long time. It's always good, but I'm not ever blown away with the food. I will say their summer all-day happy hour is genius and will keep me going all season. A good place to grab some sushi and a drink after work!
One of the crappiest pizza I ever had in my life along with the worst service I ever had in Vegas... won't go 0 stars because system doesn't accept.
Mediocre bar with nothing special.  No food in house, they hand you menus. Bad.\n\nOne star was for the impossibly hot waitress who obviously doesn't realize she should be stripping for 50x's the money instead of working at that place.
If it is supposed to be locals night on monday don't ask me for cover. Its an alright lounge but I am not paying cover for the right to purchase over priced drinks. I left they can keep their liquor on the shelves\n\nI have been there before its a nice view but not worth the hassle.
Still waiting for business to honor their commitment and return B. Makousky designer purse lost or replace with check
We stopped to eat here. Not a real sir down restaurant. You have to walk through a line to order your food. It wasn't very impressed with me stay here in
Love this Cold Stone if only for the fact that around the time you would be leaving dinner in one of the close restaurants, the strip mall this location is in is basically shut down. We didn't have any wait whatsoever.
They always have either what I'm looking for or a really good alternative!
A nice place for lunch, reasonable prices, nice atmosphere, and good hospitality.
Simple and delicious! Great noodle soup and good variety of choices after gambling. Servers speak Chinese so good for my Chinese parents :D would def come back! Downside is it takes quite awhile for the food to come when the place is packed.
Swordfish tacos were delish! With a very cold Mic Ultra.
Just had dinner here last night w/ the gals!!!!  Awesome as always and we had some newbies w/ us & got them hooked. Already hungry again and planning our next visit!!!!
If u want to watch sports, sit outside in cute cabanas it's great. The tacos r good. Had the carnita tacos. Service was a bit slow.
Eating at Durant's is a great experience. You feel like you're in a mafia film because of its history and decor. The food was excellent, service was excellent, and the overall experience was excellent.
Ate here 2 days ago.  Ordered the bison cheesesteak, ate 3/4 of it, and found the most disgusting black curly piece of hair imbedded in my meat.  Couldn't submit my review until now since it still makes me want to vomit just writing about it.
Wonderful Italian food. Especially love their salads and breads. Never been disappointed with any dish they've served. Nice atmosphere and wonderful staff. One of our favorite restaurants.
I can say I was very pleased with this restaurant. It's nice inside the food is pretty good as is the service. I have been here a few times since the opening.
Great brunch place! Yummy biscuits and for a southern restaurant there was a lot of vegetarian options!
I went back to Toyama and had the hibachi chicken -- I liked it a lot better than the noodles.  The chicken had big mushrooms in it, with steamed carrots on the side (practically a dessert).
Great breakfast! The jalape\u00f1o bacon and apple cider bacon were my favorites.   Will definitely go back again.
Enjoying a great healthy and great-tasting lunch. It's nice to give business to a locally owned non-franchised restaurant. If you are in the area and want a fast and healthy alternative, check them out. Grilled shrimp and lime sauce are great. The chillies and cucumber rock too.
The service was better than I thought which was nice, but the yak burger was so so.. We need to go back again. The soup however was very tasty.
This building must be haunted.  We ate here once but were not impressed with the hookah experience.  We were going to give it a second chance but alas, it has closed its doors!  This is the fourth restaurant at this location that has crashed and burned.  Someone call an exorcist.
My husband and I went out on a couples date last Friday for AZ restaurant week.\nI have to say i was pleasantly surprised. The food was great, the wine (Poppy - Pinot Noir) was fantastic and the service was spot on. \nWe will definitly be going back!
Oh man the pizza is delicious here! Fresh out of the oven when I got my order steam was just flying out the pizza as we cut it. The ingredients tasted very fresh and the customer service is pretty great too with complimentary dipping dressing. I loved the pizza and highly recommend and I will go back soon.
Not the best sushi but the prices are reasonable.
If you plan on purchasing A groupon keep in mind that it does not work for online ordering. also you cannot make changes to any order that uses a Groupon so if you have allergies to anything that comes on the burger probably shouldn't purchase or use the Groupon. Cash only inside the store. Good luck
You get what you pay for. Quality of the fish is amazing for f47king central Illinois. Decor and ambiance is nice. Best part of Sakanaya was the service of the hostess. Incredibly helpful.
Shipped an iPad mini... Never got scanned out by USPS and never reached its destination. All I got as an answer was \"they aren't required to scan, how do you know it never made it..\" Umm why did I pay you for signature confirmation?
great retro eclectic shop with reasonably priced resale and new items - found very nice Steve Madden leather like jacket and purse for $18 and $14 - great band tees, unique and fun jewelry, purses, and shoes - look forward to going back when we're on the east side!
I won't go back!  The crab legs were too salty and overall food quality was so so.  Not worth paying 80 for two people.
This place is really cleaning up! It is getting better thanks to all the funding being pumped into downtown. I will keep checking back to see improvements.
This is one swanky shopping center! Lots of high end stores for jewelry, and designer stuff. Mostly out of my budget but it's still fun to look at all the pretty, shiny stuff in the windows! There are a few good dining options here,  so walk around, do some shopping and grab a bite!
I am not fond of diced vegetables. Asked her red sauce didn't get it. Plenty if cheese, tho.
I don't even want to give it one star, they are a big rip off! They used to be good, now they no longer care about customer service.. Just how much can they make while you are there...
Lackluster in flavor for what you'd expect of its eponym, Gordon Ramsey; however, defintely a tourist draw. Service and presentation were excellent, but for hamburgers and a couple of sides, you better be ready to shell out close to $40 bucks a person, sans drinks.
I have  been to many of the car wash  shops in Vegas over the years but  I must commend Fabulous Freddie's for their commitment to detail. I am always impressed with friendliness and ability to make my car gleam. 5 stars for being the best in Vegas.
Nothing spectacular. Hard to find some items. Nice atmosphere and environment. More of a selection of course, due to larger sized building. Parking sucks if you don't live uptown.
\"The food was good not great and a lil over priced!! The best part about our dinner was the aquarium!!\"
Had their pizza again recently and I liked it better than the first time.  This place is great when I'm in the mood for pizza with a bit of a thicker and crispier crust.  Their pasta dishes sound awesome too.
Great bahn mi sandwiches and great prices! This is a pickup and go place, no dining area.  We also had the yucca cakes which were really, really good.
Great place and friendly service. Would love to do an event here. Owner is super nice, funny, and proud of the place. Really had a great time here.
This had to be one of the worst experiences we've ever had at this location. The server Nikki was awful, the food was mediocre at best. Never will we sit in her area again!
Don't even wonder. Just hit this place! Lots of levels, plenty of space, outdoor pool area with gambling tables. Each level has its own vibe. Talent is deep. The staff isn't pretentious which is a real positive.
Not a big fan of this place to be honest. Last time i enetered the store the staff were uninterested and not friendly. I find the pricing ridiculous too considering the quality/quantity of some of the products!
Homemade Fudge.  Lots of flavors plus soup and sandwiches.  Wonderful food and friendly service.  All proceeds go to support compassionate ministries of the Mosaic Church in Florence.  Located in the Historic Silver King Hotel.
The ribs, you must try them! My major mistake was getting a 1/3 slab.
Nice park, good for dogs and kids. Well lit for nighttime too. Has a water park for the kids. Nice grassy areas for the pups to run.
The room gets 1 star, but being on the strip earns it another star. I'd stay somewhere else if i could do it again.
Day 2 of being in Vegas and we hit another buffet. We were still within our 24 hours so we had brunch here. The wait wasn't too long. I mainly had breakfast. I had some potatoes, eggs benedict, bacon and I was stuffed. I took advantage of the ice cream cones. That was the best part.
Very very noisy, don't expect to be able to carry on a conversation
This place was pretty good, although I wasn't feeling that great during or after, but I don't think it was due to the food.  Too bad because I could have really torn through quite a bit of this stuff.  Lamb chops were excellent.  Hand made sushi as well, nice!
I came here specifically  for underwear night.   LAME!!!  Only me and my bf were in our underwear.  And there were only 5 other people here.  Never again!
Had lunch here for the first time this week. Great staff, great pizza. Anyone that knows me will attest I save my 5 star Pizza reviews for the ELITE. Not quite that, but very good nonetheless.
You will find no other bruschetta place with such diverse menu and ever-changing wine list, which consistently exceeds expectations.
Great place to watch a game must try the boneless tc wings they are amazing and so is there blue cheese definitely a must try and on happy hour they are on special
Great happy hour specials...especially the \"Weekend Hangover\" burgers every Saturday and Sunday from 11am-4pm.  Perfect place to cheer on my favorite Wisco teams with friends!
My wife's food was cold. The baked beans were tasteless.   The service was nice and the waiter was friendly and did make sure my wife's meal was redone and hot.
Be prepared to spend the day. There's an amazing amount of info and it's well presented.
This place used to be the place to stay, eat and gamble! but its nothing like that anymore, this place is a depressing hell hole, its really gone down.
Have visited on many occasions and the experience is always top shelf , great restaurants thruout the property, personal fav of mine can be found at Vic and Anthony's , the world famous Colorado lamb chops
Tried their seasonal cheesecake and it was not up to my standard. Black and white it's nothing out if this world.
Terrible DJ mixing rap and bad 80s music to a packed, small house. Dancers were intertaining, but we split quick due to music.
The food is ok, but the customer service is lacking like water in Arizona.
Slow, absolutely the worst.  Horrible communication skills and customer service. I wouldn't imagine In million years how inconsiderate people in the auto business could be.
Okay. Too much dressing on salad.  The yellow tail roll was good.  The yellow tail sashimi sliced very thin
There are a million breakfast places in Montreal that serve this stuff (or better) for less than Chez Cora charges...\nIf you don't take chances on other places, for sure you'll think this is the best breakfast ever...
The hotel is really nice and has the best buffet on the strip in Wicked Spoon.  There is also some nice stores and other more casual restaurants.  The club scene is pretty extensive in that there's always people all times of the day.
Would not recommend this place.  The management is arrogant and the food is mediocre.  We have visited them annually for the past few years with a group of 15-20 following the Crazy Legs run in Madison.  Everyone in our group (15) agreed to look for a different venue for next years event.
Dear Chipotle,\n\nThanks for giving me unnecessary food poisoning! Your chicken tacos almost eviscerated my insides! Stomach cramps and vomiting really made my spring break memorable. \n\nWith love,\n\nMike
This place really sucks.  It is a necessary evil because it is the only place in town but it is a horrible business.  They won't accept phone calls so they can't give any information except over the web.  \n\nThese guys needs some competition.
My coffee was weak. Much better coffee at other nearby places.
1st of all this gym is filthy and dirty and the machines are always broken. The basketball courts bring thugs and garbage there. My car was broken into there and my wallet was stolen and there is no security there. The staff is rude and not helpful. I'm at lvac and is a lot better.
Great new location!  These were still hit and ready to go at 8:00 at night. What a great great and the Oreo cookies and creme filled donut was wonderful.
We knew this was a scam but we didn't realize how badly we'd be scammed. Avoid avoid avoid!
Went here to get a wall mount for our TV.  Ni one greeted us or offered assistance.  Found what we needed then stood at the check out without acknowledgement.  The associate finally addressed us and went through the motions of checking us out.  Oh, and he was eating candy.  Rude.
Good environment, nice staff, poutine was pretty good
Poor service-small portions-pricey
Food was lackluster. Service was slow and unorganized.  Typical Vegas over-priced.  The only redeeming quality is the view of the Bellagio fountains.
I love this place!! I'm not a sushi fan, so I have 2 words for the non-sushi eater: Hibachi chicken! Dip it in that yummy shrimp sauce!
Very rude!!! Watched one woman play solitaire on her computer while I waited to be waited on!  I am still currently waiting for some to take care of me been standing here in the office for 13 minutes without any acknowledgment.
We decided to give it another shot, this time for breakfast, and this time it was wonderful. Helpful staff, great food, and inexpensive. Try their breakfast sandwich and the Portuguese donuts.
Place wasn't bad, food wasn't bad, just seemed overpriced. Parking in this complex where it's located can also be maddening. Overall, I don't think I'll return to this place.
When times are slow this place will make up for it by exagerating the problems with your vehicle.  Customer beware!  The service you get is not the one you really needed.
Chef Doug is the best!
2 stars only because the service was good.  Food sucked.
Went to L'il Brown Sugars and in addition to the wonderful cupcakes, cookies and gooey bars, they now have the most beautiful decorated sugar cookies!  They are delicious and I would highly recommend them for any occasion you may have!
Great outdoor place. But we got food poisoned from the saussages. I dont recommend eating them at all. We might come back for a beer, though.
Poor selection, no one greets you at the door though it was nearly empty. Two shelves of board games but one is blocked by tables for cards. Might be okay for Magic / Pokemon players but that's about it.
I prefer Wingstop. BWW didn't win me as a customer. Good sport restaurant to watch games though.
I love Chik fil a's, but I was overwhelmed by a terrible smell when I walked in here today. Gross. And the bathrooms were full and garbage overflowing. We walked out without ordering.\nThis was from November 2012.
I like the place, but it's a bit pricey and selection is a little limited after going to the Yogurtini up the road a few times.  At least the selection of yogurts tends to cycle more so than the other place.
Hmm I was disappointed. It smelt of feet and the music wasn't great at all but maybe I went on a bad night. Blonde barmaid is super quick and efficient though, never waited more than a minute for a drink!
Overrated, its too far off the strip and when I was in there it seemed as if my money wasn't good enough.  Just didn't care for the attitude.
Convienent location on fremont.  Very nice decor since the Reno. The rooms are nothing special and not changed in the Reno and have been the same for the last 10 years. Un fortunately never had a good meal in any of the restaurants and the buffet is the worst especially for the price. Pool is very nice!
It an okay place to go for pho... Nothing \"wow\" factor.... They're portions was more noodles and not enough meat... Not to mention very little herbs given
Hamburger bun too big and should be toasted. Meat patty too big for bun and not enough flavor.   Fun and great service
Great access, 24 hours, service is excellent!!!
food is very unpredictable, quality is never consistent, Indian packed products in grocery section are way more expensive than what you get at other stores. definitely not one of the good place to eat or shop
I come here every time I go to Vegas. Love the ambiance, love the view, and LOVE the food! Great quality of food and that fancy restaurant feel without an exorbitant price.
Service here is awesome and having a fresh smoothie for breakfast is a great way to start your day.... Tropical smoothie is taking Starbucks place in my mornings....
The apple sausage and spinach egg white omelet was so good. And real fresh squeezed orange juice.  I'm in!! Definitely will return here
Best Pho in Madison!
Salty Salty Salty and bland.  Not to mention, watching the employee eat out in the dining room, while obviously oogling at women as they walked by was a big thumbs down.  How tasteless.
Unfriendly staff and very slow service. Save your money and go somewhere else. 30 mins wait for a roll when it's not even busy is not worth the wait.
This place is okay.  The crepes are pretty good.  I've had the turkey and avocado one and a veggie one.  The spinach salad with dried cranberries and almonds has a poppy-seed dressing that is way too sweet.  I guess I should I ask for it on the side.
Horrible company with horrible service.  Dan is the only great employee left...  save yourself and run.
Interesting selection of beers on draft and build your own flight options. If you are interested in craft brews, you probably should check it out if you're around. However, the bartender wasn't knowledgeable about the beers, so he didn't provide a good recommendation.
This may be my new addiction. The staff is very helpful and attentive. I could have spent hours in there. Hopefully, if my schedule allows, I will be able to to take a jewelry class.
I had a few door dings and one deep thumb sized dent in my fender.  Tony did an AMAZING job.  He did all the door dings and the fender dent for a low price and he even came to my home to complete the job.  Five stars all the way!!
The crab fried rice was amazing!! It's a must do!
Everything is good and so is the customer service!
Took in my old laptop that had crashed and they were very honest in telling me it would be better for me just to purchase something new.  Thas is right! They turned down the \"repair\" job and gave me some great advice!  THANKS!
I have been here for three times. never get disappointed by the food. the fried chicken is a must try.
The best ice cream in Phoenix! Worth every penny. Also the cone taste a bit like cinnamon toast crunch, amazing! Highly recommend.
Have yet to recieve my security deposit that i was suppose to get over three weeks ago. Horrible customer service and there is so many fee's after the fact that they will not inform you of. Not only will i never use hertz again i will suggest to anyone who visits to get basically anyone but hertz horrible.
Awesome food and service!!!  The sushi rolls are phenomenal!!!  Try the Baked Alaskan!!!  Our waitress was very friendly and kept our drinks topped off.  High quality food at an affordable price!!!
Went there last week for dinner. Boyfriend had spaghetti and meatballs and I had fettuccine with shrimp. They served bread. Food was good but nothing over the top. Service was good. He had a beer and had a glass of wine. No dessert. $100 bill. Seemed like a lot for pasta.
The food is phenomenal &the staff is awesome. Downtown Phoenix has few options anyway, so it's imperative to find a great place to eat. BLUE HOUND isn't the cat's meow. It's the Blue Hound's bark! (even better, que no?)
Update 1 1/2 years later. Both tires I bought from these guys blew out on the road after developing bubbles in them. I am writing this from a tire shop in El Centro waiting for a tire. Thanks Discount Tire
Here for dinner with my family.  We were staying at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort.  Nice location, casual dining.  Good menu with choices.  Service was OK, food fairly well prepared although lamb was overcooked for one of our party.  Overall, OK experience.
Great service! Great Food! Love this place.  I will come here again when I visit Vegas. Forget the strip this is a main attraction.
We had never been to a Renaissance Festival before and we're glad we made the decision to take the whole family. We had a great time and enjoyed all the festival has to offer. \n\nThe shows were a little corny but everything else was very family friendly.
I've been to both in the C terminal many times. I prefer the one by gate 25. Whenever I land I stop for a flavored iced tea to help with the time zone change. Always quick & friendly. I love the ice pellets.
Fairly grim overall, as is normal for this chain.  Furnishings and equipment are all very cheap.  Clean and cheap.
Love it here. Never had a bad meal. I've celebrated every major event of my life here so far lol. Really good here. Service is excellent. Just watch out for this one particular guy that I won't name. :}
Food is fine, just too expensive for what you get.
Best restaurant in Montreal !!the spicy fish and the spicy lamb was very good!!the place is cleaned...and the service was fast!
Costco Optical has won us over with their excellent customer service (KUDOS to Melissa!) and quality products. No matter when we go, we always receive quality service. Thank you to your entire staff! Rob and Helen B.
Really loosing patience with this place. Took my car in first time cause the head light was facing straight down. Second time the bumper was starting to bow out and the paint job was starting to crack. One day later the bumper is starting to bow out again  meaning I need to bring it back again.
Wonderful experience! I was in town on business, looking for somewhere cozy. \nSmall, family-owned business, excellent food!\nI had a nice merlot, wild mushroom soup, beef Wellington, coffee and the lemon tart.  Everything was perfect! I would highly recommend this nice little, very personal restaurant.
I must say there is a FIRST time for everything! Not ONE salesman approached us the entire time!\nGuess I keep looking: )
I'm becoming a snob.  I much prefer the Cosmo, THE Hotel or MGM Signature but what the heck it was a conference rate.  It just sort of makes me think of that creepy neighbor as a kid with the strange relatives who visit wearing shorts black socks and sandals.
We stopped in yesterday for a glass of wine and dessert on the patio.  We brought our dog and enjoyed hanging out on the patio with her.  Great space with great views of A mountain.  They have a nice selection of nibbles, wine and sweet treats too.  Our server was friendly and took good care of us.
The atmosphere here was pretty relaxed and they have a wide selection of beers, which is always awesome. Every time I come here the service is always excellent and the food is amazing.
Food was OK.. Not worth what I paid at all.. The chicken tasted weird and ended up not eating it... Mushroom and olives were fresh and very yummy... Bread was blah \n\nThe cashier did not give me my change or a receipt
Really good pizza. Service could have been a little friendlier, but overall an excellent pizza spot.
They will sell you a combo even though you didn't want chips. They are always looking to rip off. :-(
Lives up to the hype but I don't know about 5 stars.  Great hole in the wall and prices!
This is my least favorite sushi place in the valley.  I think gas station sushi would have tasted better.  The edamame wasn't cooked properly and had too much salt, the tuna in the Alaskan roll tasted like it came straight out of a can, and the soda was flat.  The only thing that tasted okay was the water.
Food great\nCrazy at 7.00 pm lights automatically dimmed in entire restaurant and guests were eating by cell phone light
CLOSED ALERT\n\nWell, really sad to see, but another Surprise business has succumbed to the bad economy.  Frank N Steins is no longer open for business.  Looks permanently CLOSED.
Mexican food is gr8.  Tamales are the best.  Margaritas are OK.  Seafood enchiladas, Chile rellanos, tacos and shredded beef burritos are my favorites.  Service and ambience are good.  Good Mexican breakfast and cinnamon coffee.  Good for business lunch.
Beautiful setting but I've gone about 5 times and the service is poor. The servers are never around and never check on us.
Unimaginative menu & cooking.  The service was inept.  Not a good place for a relaxing dinner, we were rushed even though the place was empty and not close to their closing time.
Loved their coffee. Brought one home for my honey and he loved it to.  Worth the trip!
Great food and very friendly staff. I recommend trying the lemon role! It's amazing all you can eat here is approximately $28.00
The best black sesame ice cream ever. I had a scoop there and wanted a pint to go. Unfortunately there was only enough for one more scoop. So I took it.
Came here for my first taste of poutine and was not disappointed. The staff were very friendly and considerate. The food was perfect. I wish I lived in Montreal, I'd go here every week!
Tasty food, very affordable. Only downside are the plastic plates that are warped. Blackened shrimp taco was great, tho overpriced compared to other items on menu. Chicken chimichanga style was also pretty good. Overall 3/5.  Will be going back again soon.
The place was fine, esp for the price. They welcomed my 5yo daughter, and gave her a decent cut (bob) in a reasonable amount of time. Chrissy was our stylist.
They have good chicken and bomb biscuits when fresh. I just hate the service and paying for sauce. I mean I just bought a 12 pc bucket can I have atleast one sauce? I understand if I didn't buy chicken but whatever lol end rant.
Decent inexpensive seafood and a must-see beer filling technology that fills your glass from the bottom up make this worth the visit. Barney's is a large three floor establishment that has a bar and patio on each level. It tends to attract a younger party crowd at night.
gay Denny's gets 4 stars just for atmosphere, but as katie S. points out, the service is always atrocious. I'm sure staff is primarily prioritized by demographic, so service skill is secondary.
Mediocre dim sum. Nothing surprised me. Nothing was delicious.  But nothing sucked as well. A lot of the food is greasy. \n\nPro: 24 hr dim sum\n\nI would go back if the food and customer service improved
Just visited this store based upon other Yelp Reviews. As a serious antiquer, this was not a place I will return to. There was a whole lot of new items, vintage and retro, but very, very little actual antiques. Disappointing!
Great place for brunch. I love the breakfast specials
Food is above average, ambiance is good, service is attentive, prices seem quite reasonable. Best wor wonton soup I've had in a long time. Excellent little neighborhood place - may they live long, and prosper!
What can I say...ALL YOU CAN EAT Sushi...its great!  Great kitchen items too.  Service was good, and the California and California-based rolls were out of the world delicious!
I found hair in ginger after couple bits it so disgusted.  Food is good they just have to be aware of cleanses...
You must order 3 or more business days in advance or pay $7 fee to expidite\n\nAlso you can go to any branch  not just this one
The special combination soup is really good. Try it. I love their house tea.We tried their Fried rice with Basil & Beef, the flavor is good but a bit too oily for me.\n\nPrices are good, service is great.
This place is awesome! Great happy hour deals, yummy food and drinks! Cool atmosphere and music. The staff is wonderful! That Bob G. guy is just a jerk.
The pizza was good, but then again it's kinda hard to mess up. If you are looking for a quick fix and you're in City Center then I'd recommend it. I wouldn't say it is worth going out of your way to try.
Place was cool but the food was nothing spectacular.  We had a large party and they handled that perfectly but everyone said their food was okay.  Based on the prices I would have liked a little more food and a little more flavor.
One of my favorite places to grab a quick bit, a delicious dessert, or something fun from the the store!
Having worked at the Wynn, I'm biased towards everything they do.  Mr. Wynn wants a spectacular experience for his guests in everything the property does, and this place delivers in spades.  Yes, it's a bit pricey; but it's Wynn and it's worth every dime.
This restaurants beauty & ambience is ruined by music so loud I had to have my wife repeat what she was saying while sitting next to me.
5 stars for the attentive staff, the jellyfish is awesome!
Sushi/ Sashimi/ Appetizer or Hot dishes, anything is good! They come with a reasonable price too.\nWill come back again! :)
So fresh! Fantastic customer service as well. I love that they have a drive thru too!! So lucky to live so close to this place.
Very nice hotel!  Large and sprawled out but that's ok.  The only reason I have it 4 stars is due to the parking situation which is very tight!
Gorgeous space, pretty servers. Food is a bit dainty, but top notch and the drinks are really great. \n\nWynn does ambiance better than any other property. This bar is all at once trendy and busy yet somehow serene. Service was prompt, a fun place to people watch and relax.
Well, I love Hooters wings when done the way I like - this Hooters does not listen to you during the take out call.  Asked for extra crispy wings; got extra soggy!  I know you get what you pay for, but there are far better wings in Phoenix.
This place is just awful and over priced.  It is well decorated and feels upscale, but don't be fooled.  the overpriced food has no flavor.  My wife and I went to lunch here today, paid $45 and we didn't even get drinks.  Wish I had my money back.
Very nice first floor room. Great breakfast.
This place is terrible. The beef must have been pink slime. Go to Nando's across the street. They are not fast food but much better quality.
Great atmosphere; was quite busy but the service and the waittimes were perfectly acceptable.  Everyone in my group had something different and was quite happy.  A great addition to the Madison restaurant scene.
Love it there!  Professional, and personable, everyone I delt with was smiling,warm and inviting.  My message with Michelle was fantastic!   Would highly recommend their services.  I went n with w sore back, now I can barely feel the pull.  5 stars from me!
The staff was friendly but I'm wildly disappointed with the food. I got my to-go order and it was just a bunch of mush.
Well worth the wait! Try to go early if you can because they get really busy! Smoked meat sandwich is amazing! So amazing that once you try it you'll never be the same...yes it's that great!
Had a corn beef and saurkraut on rye with sweet potato fries. It was good.
I was fully intending to give this place a 5 star review after receiving an awesome neck and back massage from Damien, except he massaged me for 30 minutes instead of the requested 20 minutes, I almost missed my flight and had to pay for the 30 minute massage. I would recommend their services, but watch the clock yourself!
Tried the croissant today after reading here about how good it was and it was awesome.  It must not have been out of the oven that long because it was still warm making it even better!
Kind of like a realllly fancy strip club without the stripping. Interacting with these chicks will cost you men just as much.\n\nToo chill to be a real club. Too fancy and restrictive to be a chill spot.\n\n2 stars for the decor and view- great attention to detail.
salad was drenched in dressing I got a chicken Cobb salad and there was nothing but lettuce a few tomatoes and no eggs! it was disgusting!
I ordered nachos, they were pretty good but I was dissapointed with the small amount of cheese and the fact that the cheese was not melted much if at all.  Seemed like the cheese was expected to just melt from the heat of the other items on the nachos.  Service was pretty good and the area seemed clean.
Golden spoon is the best thing ever. Anyone watching their weight who still loves food and indulging in something delicious will adore Golden Spoon. My favorite: Cake Batter!!!
Tried this location tonight. The service was slow and they messed up our order multiple times. I really like oreganos so this time around makes me very sad.
Love coming in to visit at Eddie's and the flavors - OMG, taste bud blowing experience. Thanks again, Eddie!
Scary.  Dirty.  Overpriced, bad drinks.  Rude wait staff.  \n\nWaste of time.  I'm surprised it's still open.  \n\nAnd we're pretty easy to please - from fancy joints to dive bars.
Not really that great. Sub par pizza. The people are nice but the place is dirty and not worth the money.
I went there on a sunday afternoon and we all had a very good meal. The meals we had wre a cuban sandwich, fish& chips and carpachio. The presentation was great along with the service. It was also a nice place to spend visiting with company for a couple of hours.
Best polenta e-v-e-r. Most of the rest of the food was much too salty.
Staff was friendly but place is overpriced.  Servings are  large but not good.  The platters look better than they taste. Would not eat there again  after trying it now a few times.  Maybe for a beer before going to the arena but that is about it.
had really high expectation for this place , but unfurtunately it wasn't what i was looking for . too little flavor for my taste
Wanted to try this place because it's from one of the super chefs, Batali.  Wasn't thrilled with the steak but was freaked out by the fascination with fried balls of potato, cheese, bread.  Lots of fried ball things.  I found it odd.
The house brown ale was okay, the stout on the rotating selection was amazing.  It's nothing that outlandish, but the service is good, and it's a good place to get some beers, poutine, and pub food.
Good meal, but the entrees, including the stuffed roasted rabbit loin I got, were barely lukewarm on arrival. Way too loud -- on a Monday at 8:00 -- to hold a conversation. Out of the wine we ordered. Solid service. Nice presentation.
The rest room smells bad big time! They really should do something about the smell.\n\nEverything was delish as usual!
First appointment we ever had here my daughter and I waited two hours past our appointment time. We finally left, it was ridiculous.
I LOVE Von Hanson's I never knew about this place until my mother in law brought me there for some lefse bread for her aunt. They have the best beef jerky! I also love that they have roulade beef there too! Shane is very helpful and so are the rest!
I've only tried their breakfast buffet and it was okay.  Not that impressed with the selection.  But it was when the hotel opened... don't know if it has improved greatly since then.
We've tried just about everywhere is Henderson and believe me, Weiss has the best breakfast in town!
Best fast food joint in Madison.
This is a review for their little take out area thing to the right of the restaurant. I thought this spot is great just grabbing a quick bite and people watch the strip.\nNothing fancy on their limited mexican menu, but I was able to get a drink and a couple decent tacos for a good price.
I've been going here since I was literally a wee one. I used to go for the Walker's shortbread but still go for the teas and other treats. The owner is awesome (and even remembered me on my last visit). It's a great little shop.
Not impressed.  They didn't have Mint Chocolate Chip even though it was on their menu.  And the server was sitting at a table in the seating area and came around to help me without even washing his hands.  Move along
Always perfect and fresh EVERY time!  I LOVE the Hong Kong Chicken.
We had dinner here a few weeks ago and for $100 I'm not impressed at all. I was expecting better food for the price range. Our service was fantastic and the restaurant was nice but the food was a let down. Definitely not on the list of places I would return to.
TOO DAMN GOOD! Went back yesterday for a brazilian, only took ten minutes and got everything! Thank you Deanna! Just keeps getting better and better :)
Went here again this past wekeend!  Everytime I come to town i manage to work in a trip to Meskerem!  This place is excellent!
Very good food...BUT......seems to be not so clean...dirty silverware and just has that smell and feel of a typical Vegas employees that are \"less than sanitary\"....food was good but just seems to be a chance of getting something you did not want.
Good place for a quick lunch.  Daily lunch specials are pretty good.  Fast, friendly service.  Alphabet soup.
Wow! \n\nSo for the price I was disappointed.... The did offer a military discount which was about the only bright spot about this venture. The choice of foods was very poorly put together in my opinion.. Considering it was a buffet I wanted more of a variety.
Great bar and beautiful setting.  Great views of the golf course.  Mediocre Italian food at higher-than-mediocre prices (I think you pay a premium for the setting).  Service is slow.  My advice... Go for drinks and apps at the bar but find another place for dinner.
Actually had our Thanksgiving dinner here and it was amazing! The food is seasoned just right- not too powerful and the service was IMPECCABLE!! After our meal, the owner came and introduced himself and made sure that we were happy with our experience there. Will definitely be stopping by again!
Ok sandwiches. Nothing spectacular. Convenient to the nearby movie theater. I had BLT and it was made with bacon bits. Disappointing.
Everything has gone downhill at this location. Most recently we ordered a kids cheese crisp which was clearly microwaved. The worst part was watching the bus boy sweeping the floor and then the seats of the booths. I don't even want to checkin for my last visit.
I would rate this BBQ 3 stars except for the prohibitive cost which lowers it to 2 stars. I paid $22 for a large entry of Pork & Mac&cheese. It was simply OK. Not as good as I was hoping by the reviews.
Gave it a second try, I am still at my first conclusion. It's loud, bathrooms filthy, strange location upstairs, expensive and the quality of bartenders is subpar. (extremely subpar)\nWho is running this place anyways? I think no-one.\nEek! Methinks not!
Not very impressed. Limited sizes and what seemed like an unorganized selection made this place a little confusing to find specific items. The staff was friendly enough, but I'm not sure it was enough to bring me back here.
The best sushi in town!!!!!!!
RnR had great happy hour specials and a wide variety of craft beers on tap the only thing I didnt liked here was there margaritas which tasted like pineapple/orange juice but other than that this is a modern place to hang out.
great furniture at a fair price.  sensory overload.  avoid if you're a middle-aged male whom hates crowds, loud places and people whom seem to have no situational awareness.\n\nthe meatballs are good.
Perfect for hipster fashion.  Its a little pricey for me, but I usually end up going there once or twice a year to get that perfect hat or vest.  The owner has always been helpful to me and is extremely generous with donating to charities that I worked on.
Quick tip.  I liked the hotel but feel the $20 per night \"service fee\" is dishonest.  Whatever rate you book at folks, its actually $20 higher when you check out.  Why can't they just be straight about their rate like every other hotel?
This is one of the best Sweet Tomatoes on the planet.  The food is delicious %90 of the time.  The staff is friendly and the restaurant is in great shape considering it's age and the volume of customers.
They usually have a long wait time in drive through when it's busy. Other than that, the service is good
Pretty good for takeout. The meat is more sound than usual Chinese take out
Great healthy and fresh food. I love the salmon kabobs with roasted veggies and humus.
Randomly came into this place just after midnight yesterday and hung out for a couple of hours. Really cool place, surprised I'd never seen it before. Just good drinks and random snacks and good music/vinyl playing over the speakers. And not too busy on a Saturday night which was awesome too. Will def return.
'We went here on a Monday night for drinks.  The drinks on the menu were creative.  I'll try the sushi next time.
I'm just not a huge fan of any of their food.  It's ok if you want to sit in the bar, watch sports, drink beer and play trivia!
Great value for your Buck. The dinner salad is the size of an entr\u00e9e and the steaks super juicy. And save room for desert, we had the Brownie a la mode and talk about super chocolate and fudge. Finger licking good.
I used to frequent this restaurant years and years ago. I was a student at the Deer Valley airport, and eventually a flight instructor as well. It was a great location with awesome views. The food was always descent the the service was great. \n\nNothing too exciting, but a great place.
Great food and way better than any other buffet.
We were there over the weekend.  Great food.  The hummus was excellent, as was the roasted chichken (with fries no less) and chicken kaboobs.  By accident perhaps, there was a small shaker of seasonings and sesame seeds.  Put this on the hummus.  Wonderful!!
I was so lucky to stumble across this little gem! The pizza is really really good, one of the best on the west coast.
No class. Food OK at best. Service , negative. Requested a new waiter immediately. Don't bother
Been going to this place for years.  The lunch buffet is far superior to anything offered by China China or Jimmy Chungs.  Staff a pretty miserable lot at lunchtimes though, but it being a buffet you don't have to interact with them a great deal.
Just went back for our second visit this evening. If you go, you absolutely MUST get the Fattat Mozat -- it is one of the best dishes I have ever had. So much delicious flavour in one plate, it is amazing!
All I have to say is Fried Chicken!  So 'effin good.\nThe butter & cheese corn.  How could that be bad?!\nThe beer was too warm, but tasty otherwise.\nAtmosphere was decent.  I'd go back...
Atmosphere was good. Fixed menu was pretty good. Lots of food and large quantity. Lots of options. Table wait for small parties is better than big. Good location.
I finally found a good Italian deli here in Las Vegas.  My only complaint is the bread on my capicola sandwich was a little tough.
I just wanted an oil change and I get quoted $400 to replace an oil pan and oil drain plug.
Love the hummus plate. Fun for happy hour with the girls.
Nope! Never again! Disgusting lobby. Perhaps the lazy little girls texting and instagramming could wipe a table or sweep a freaking floor.  And for the love of GOD could ANYONE wear some freaking gloves? Someone call the health department!
Customized my own waffle with Nutella, strawberries, and ice cream. They were stingy with the strawberries and Nutella. My dessert looked very sad. Won't be coming back.
Bernice and her crew which includes her family are fantastic. They are truly good people doing beautiful work with quality products. We have had our cars both tinted and detailed there and so now have my parents, some friends and my niece. Thanks to you all for your hard work, honest prices and friendly attitudes.
I hate wasting food! I wish they would make 1/2 orders available. I had the salmon Benedict and there were too many components that didn't work together. I wish the old Cafe was still at the Rio, they served the BEST benedicts.
I might be biased, but Ryan the bartender is a great asset to this bar. Great service.
Fantastic food, great spot for people watching at the Venetian, and overall, a fun and casual place to eat, while in Vegas.
Great pizza. Even better wings!!  Only downfall was 75 minute delivery and pizza was lukewarm. Delivery guy was great and so nice!
I luv the wings @ chicken bonz and the services are over the top.  Taylor was great and suggested the teri-q sauce to me.  I'm a total fan now!
Sushi is ok! Nothing fancy. Most rolls, even their specialty rolls are very basic. I prefer multiple types of fish and sauces on my sushi. The teriyaki chicken looked very good. It was nice to save a few dollars on the sushi during happy hour!
They did the job getting us two and from the airport in a timely manner.  We would use them again.  Drivers were friendly.
Very friendly owners and staff. The food was excellent and my latte was good. A very nice sursprise for downtown Buckeye. Will be going back with friends and family members.
Service was good (our server waa attentive)  the food was just OK - nothing special.  I wouldn't recommend...
Great haircuts (w/ neck shave), Miller High Life on tap, and cheap. What more could you want?
Compared to Sora Ramen, I like this much better.  We had the thin noodles and they were al dente. The broth was also thicker and tastier. Try the takana fried rice (with mustard greens). It was also very tasty!
This venue is the definition of drama. Too many queer-bots and queens. Enjoy your cut-throat evening!
Went on a saturday so we had the brunch menu. I had the arugula salad with chicken and my boyfriend had the eggs benedict. Both items were delicious. It is a very limited menu though.
Great food, ridiculously slow service. If they hired a wait staff the place would be over the moon good. Everything is delish...just bring a good book, Ipad, or puzzle to pass the time.
Tried the new Angus Steak bagel. YUM! Drive-thru was fast and service was polite and efficient.
Never...ever...again. There is too much other good food around town.
Phil and his group are amazing!!! They make every experience worth every dollar spent
Great coffee, food, and tea! Triple Whammy! I love this place and I am so glad that they opened up. The decor is pretty rockin too.
Serendipity 3, your paying for the place and name = overpriced \n\nHot Fudge Sunday, way overpriced. \n\nTheir Frozen hot chocolate is huge and YUM!
Eye appealing workers, safe environment, reasonable prices, great place.
I ordered two things for take out to bring back to my room. The chicken mushroom noodles were bad and the steamed pork buns were worse. I would say the buns were borderline inedible. The service was fast enough, but it is expensive and not worth it.
Do not... I repeat do not.. go here. Owner/manager is condescending unless you are a celebrity's wife
Awesome, definitely coming back.
Outdated.  Wack.  Small. Minor league club.\n\nSee other reviews for better clubs in Vegas
An amazing show.   I'm still singing the tunes a week later.   Probably the best show on the strip.
as far as \"sit down\" fast food goes. it wasnt bad.. it was the first one in a while i went to where the food was actually good and the staff was nice. id go back..
Great premise, beautiful concept but lacking in so many ways. The servers are woefully unprepared. Some of the food was excellent but several dishes spent too much time under the heat lamps turning med rare into med well. Needs work. Hope it lasts long enough to work out the kinks.
If the fact that they closed at Biltmore doesn't say something.....I'd rather stab myself in the hand w/ a fork than eat there! Ugh!!
$2 Miller Lights.  I love this place.  Hopefully some corporate giant doesn't bulldoze this down into an \"ultraresort.spa.casino.spot\" or whatever they aim for.
Best Persian food in Phoenix! Great service. Owner was there and greeted us personally. Even gave amazing saffron ice cream because it was our sons birthday! Will go back for sure and recommend to friends!
Since my review I have been in contact with the management of Hussong's and have been reimbursed for my visit.  They indicate there has been re-training of the staff and are hopeful this will make a difference.  I am pleased they listened and were willing to make it right.
The food and service were really good; even on a Saturday night there were no long waits to be seated.  In Scottsdale that's a privilege. We'd definitely go back again.
With so much talk about this place I had to try it and found it to be good but not spectacular. The burger meat could use some seasoning and the sides should be larger..
This place has some tasty pizza but they are very pricey for cheese and dough! Being from Chicago it's hard for me to spend $50 on 2 pizzas but that's just me. Great place for celebrating an occasion once a year but too pricey for my taste buds. Good pizza!!
Paul B misspoke of his Baristas as \"Batistas\", I'm surprised nobody noticed. Funny, you know what Castro and El Che did to the Batista regime in 1959, I give this place 6 months.
The food was really good, including the salad bar. Our server was very friendly and attentive. The portions were very generous. Bathrooms were a little dirty, but we just followed the dinner rush. Very satisfied with this meal.
I made the drive to this place after seeing the yelp reviews but I found a restaurant this location???
Horrible service! Our table waited 15 min before anyone even showed up to our table...and they were out of two of the deserts we wanted...freaking lame.
Yummy salads and very thin crust pizza. Probably the most thin crust I have ever had. The salads are all fresh which I love. This is a great spot for lunch or a light dinner.
Other place was closed. This is a very good sick. Had the spicy tuna, and another specialty role which was all good.
Absolutely love this place!! Chicken sharwama plate is da bomb! Huge portion, quality is always consistent. highly recommend this place!
I love this place! I have almost tried everything on their menu and have loved everything. My favorite is the Chicken Saute. Everyone who works there is great, food is great, and it's clean!
The Venetian is a very elegant hotel.  A few years ago, I stayed in a room that was very elegant and the perfect setting for lingerie photos.  Although it was certainly great, I'm reserving 5 stars for some of the most absolute luxury hotels where I've stayed.
A Perfectly Overpriced Breakfast in Las Vegas!  I will go hear everytime I am in Las Vegas.
great service!  great food!  great place!  \n\nOur friend raves about this place so we gave it a try. Everyone is so nice and accommodating!  Very very clean. Bathrooms too!  We loved everything we had.  Even though we live across town, we will be back!
This is the worst establishment I have ever laid my eyes on if a hobo walked in to this store he would shit himself and say is this HELL??? But no it is not it is however the shitiest store I've ever seen
One of the best shows I've seen in Vegas. Very nostalgic for me. The show was energetic, funny...and who knew Marie had that kind of range?  Highly recommend.
Floors of bargains, Tortilla Flat Superstition Saloon  specials are sensational! Well laid out store with great range to choose from. Plenty of change rooms to try on clothes, helpful friendly staff. A Golden mile gem!
I ordered chef's special, grilled salmon.\nsalmon was like flakes, rice was crispy: may be it was from the bottom of pan.\nfurthermore, their computer was down, I couldn't redeem my birthday points.
If you want to taste the best fish & chip in the world, this is the place. We just came back from Alaska & Seattle, places supposed to have best fish & chip in the world, not even close. \nStaff is always friendly. This is a grate place.
Don't go here. This place is horrible. It's in the ghetto. It's not worth you time. There are better places out there
The only + is that it is open 24 hours, other than that your paying way too much for yet another mediocre phoenix based sandwich shop
I love donuts no matter how you spell them and O Face Doughnuts delivers.  Their staff is super friendly and the donuts are great.  I got the Maple Bacon w/ Maple Mascarpone one and it literally was one that needed a fork and knife. So great and if you're a donut lover, check this place out!
I come here when I need  mix of Filipino and select Hawaiian dishes when I miss Hawaii. This hits the spot every time. Their staple plate, The Thelma's Special, is always a good choice.
Great service!  Great food
always consistent quality and value. we have been regulars of pappadeaux in our previous  home of TX, and we still are big fans!
Pretty good food
Crab was seasoned well with Old Bay.  Moderately overpriced due to the very small portions of sides.
Huge and I mean huge portions.  Pancakes as big as your head. And the food is actually quite tasty. Different fruit juice mimosas are a dream! Good brunch place!
These guys rock. Fixed my i5 glass super fast. Nice clean friendly place. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
This place gets two stars because the service was good. Our waitress was accommodating. But the food wasn't that great. The food feels like something frozen and got microwaved.
Great hotel with comfortable beds and big rooms. I have stayed here a couple of times and it's nice. What surprises me is that I can always find a pretty good price for this hotel, even last minute.\nReally close to the airport, off the strip.
Pretty much blows since they changed from a New York pizza joint to an Applebee's wannabe. Service downhill, food is eh, we're done going here.
Great place for breakfast (bacon, eggs, potatoes, etc.).  Excellent service.
They handed a plate to a customer at my table that was so hot it burned his hand.  Then the waitress blamed it on him.  They were extremely rude about the whole matter.  Food wasn't that great, the wait was very long, and overall I just don't understand why people like this place.
I went here on a date once. Lavender Lemon Chai. Large. It was like heaven in my mouth! I drank the one there and got another one to go. It really is a nice place! A little pricey, but I guess that's just coffee in Pittsburgh :P
Awesome Pulled Pork and Smoked Sausage.  The ribs are great and I love the Mac and Cheese with Waffle Fire.  We get our BBQ fix a couple times a month at minimum..
Stopped by at 8PM on Friday night for a quick snack, place was locked up tight with not a soul in sight. Closing time on Friday according to the location website is 9PM
If you're in Pittsburgh you have to try a Primanti Brothers sandwich. For the longest time I stuck with the safe bet... steak and cheese but now my favorite is the Cajun chicken breast. There are many locations all around Pittsburgh so no matter where you are there should be one close by.
This saved our Vegas trip.  We got there around 7 pm on a Friday night.  Lots of really good free entertainment.   1 dollar margaritas and cheap food.  We had steak and lobster for 12 dollars.  We will be staying here next time we come to Vegas.  Also not one person trying to sell us a time share.
Clean & nice facility , they do a good job here :-)
Great selections, very knowledgable staff
What a bunch of pretentious coffee snobs. If they are going to charge almost double the normal price of non-casino Starbucks, at least give good service
Best Mexican in summerlin and possible in Vegas. Service, cocktails, food, atmosphere all top notch. Will be back next week. Happy hour great prices!
Fun bartenders, good wine, nice vibe
Lets see if triple D was right about this place. Yep. They were right.  This place is good.  I got a sampler of a variety of different BBQ flavors and all were good.  I was surprised that on a weekday this place was empty. Why?  This place was really good. Well, at least there was no wait.
Went there for threading and Dayana did a great job.  She is the first person in AZ that  I'm going back to see.  She didn't rush, I didn't have to show her sections she missed, and she's not in a mall.  \nWell worth the trip to Scottsdale.
Yummy! Good hearty buffet; fine for lunch. Many better buffets in Vegas, but none more commonly satisfying south of the city than South Point, though try the M Resort Casino buffet for quality.
Went during my lunch and wasn't too impressed by the food. I ordered the Ma La seafood under the chef's specialty and it definitely was spicy like it said on the menu. The shrimp tasted off to me though, like grassy or soil like. Service was good and there wasn't a long wait though.
A great place for a small joint like this on the west coast. \nBetter burger and fries than in-n-out!
Had lunch there today. Good food, however the girl at the register could have been much friendlier. Much improvement needed at the register. Again food was good.
Le Local is awesome... my new favorite in Montreal for high end dining. The interior is bright and open, with high ceilings and natural light. The staff are on point, and the food is fantastic.\n\nIn particular, the beef tartar and duck confit were delicious \n\nRecommended
Horrible. The sausage was frozen in the middle, the toast wasn't toasted, potatoes had no seasoning, coffee tasted like soap. Do they ever try their own food?
The coffee is good but the place is cold and the music is too loud. Very hard to study there.
Go here when in town  to visit w/ in-laws.  Great place!  Treat you well and do an awesome job.  Fair pricing.
Nice restaurant for 24 hour food. They serve pretty standard American cuisine and the prices are quite reasonable. I always get the value skillet- 2 eggs, hashbrowns, and toast for $3.99. Always filling and you can't beat the price!
This is a great place for salads and sandwiches, not to forget their amazing cookies. The wifey and I enjoy coming here for a cheap meal while enjoying our local eateries.
Terrible Service and mediocre food. Not worth it unless you just want to drink and watch games.
Dang, talk about kick ass yogurt that beats *most* Cali yogurts by far, but hey, not that I'm a snob or anything, the flavors here rock!  I'd come here again!
Had a good little breakfast for under $6.00. Simple decor friendly staff.
Great food highly recommend this small location but awesome food!!!!!!!! great staff and cooks!
I have came here a couple of times, food is mediocre.\n\nI will say this, the Chicken Pot Pie is my favorite dish on the menu.  I believe it is under $10, but you get your moneys worth, it is huge!
best food ive had so far in Phoenix everything was spot on service was great drinks rocked and the jerk chicken was amazing. will be going back very soon
Ruby's Diner is one of my favorite burger joints. Sadly this is the only location in Las Vegas. It's located in the McCarran International Airport. They have a great \"classic\" burger. I also like there breakfast.
Pay to cook my food? What the? And it is quite the average variety.
Excellent food! Great price! Food came hot and ready!!! Catfish were fat!!! Greens were great!
What a waste of money! Had the Classic Steampot, the shrimp were small and just wasn't worth the money. Service was good
What they may sometimes lack in availability of products, they make up in customer service.  The associates have gone above & beyond on several occasions to accommodate me and make me happy.  This is simply way I am loyal to Big 5, especially this store.
the food was excellent.  we had a special of pasta with lamb sausage - wow it was great.  the airline chicken (ditch the name please) was a little dry but tasty.\nservice was ok, must have been a new waitress.  she was not knowledgeable, thus the 4 stars versus 5.
This place was ok.  Good service. Wings are good.  Bit overpriced though in my opinion.
Must be the slowest fast food workers I have ever seen. To stand at the counter for 3-5 mins before even being greeted when there's 4 people in the kitchen and only me inside and one car in the drive thru is pretty bad service
Had the cheeseburger and clam chowder. Delicious and good price! They delivered pretty fast. Great service. Looking forward to trying more.
This place takes 25 mins to make one slice of pizza on a Saturday afternoon. If your hungry and want 1 SLICE of pizza don't come here.
I love coming here. Not only is it a beautiful and clean restaurant, but you get so much delicious food for your money. And obviously their cheesecake is amazing!!! I don't think I've ever had a bad meal or bad service here. Just make sure to get there early or there will be a line!
Excellent service.  Good food.  Very satisfied with our visit. Chips were replaced promptly as well as drinks.  We had more than one server.  Definitely a place to come and enjoy.
Tried to order for delivery in Las Vegas they are no longer in Las Vegas why don't they change the web site!
I had take out chicken pad thai. Easily the WORST pad thai ever. It was UNFLAVORED. the chicken was extremely dry, and this was almost $11! The portion was very small. Even after three tablespoons of hot sauce, this thing still tasted bland.
Well, what would you do if the staff is aware of your presence and does not bother taking your order more than 20 min after you seated? Leave, unless you enjoy staring at an immature crowd in an untidy and common coffee shop-looking spot.
Ended up here on a whim. We needed a dog friendly patio. The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly. I had the street tacos with sea bass. Amazing! My husband had the bison burger with the kale salad. He loved it. The cocktails were fantastic. I wish Fox would open one here in Tucson.
Did a great job on a major cleanup service and sprinkler repair that I needed.  I need more work done in the very near future, along with FINALIZATION of some repairs, but have been unable to get a return call.  Once repairs are complete, I would def give five stars.
The Freethinkers secular Unschooled group meets here on Thursdays.  We would be the hipster/eclectic parents of school age children.  They would be the children asking questions, engaging adults, and defying authority. You can find us playing chess in the gallery, exploring space, and noshing on seasonal produce!
Awesome! The place is so nice, clean and has a great ambiance . \nAnd they do a fabulous job on hair and I have some of the longest thickest hair ! \nwill definitely be my go to place when I need my hair blown out !
Their food is just OK. Somewhat inconsistent with fries. I'm glad I've been here before the new owner took over.
The sandwiches were delicious, but super greasy, I was shocked because it used to be so light at the other location. Have they under new management? I really wanted something healthy, and this was definitely not it.
This place would get four stars from me if it just wasnt so expensive.  I mean who wants to spend 10 dollars for coffee and a bagel.  Not me
A little inconsistent. They have some knowledgeable people, and some not. Sometimes they help with a project, and sometimes they try to sell you a ready-made version of your project (at higher cost).  Not really my favorite Home Depot, but it's OK.
My wife and I have been eating here for about two years. We love the service and reasonable pricing. I haven't tried much on the menu because I love their Parmesan Chicken with ziti so much. It is our go to place when we want good food and a great relaxed atmosphere.
Fast?
I won't go anywhere else for tires. They offer free tire rotation for life. Whenever I go there they are the most courteous and efficient. I don't know why I've waited so long to post a review, but I figured these guys deserve it. I love my discount tire!! Keep up the good work!!
Hole in the wall with average food. Went for lunch and it's pretty much what you expect from the exterior of the restaurant. Service was quick but with a lack of friendly demeanour.
Crack fries and gyro are always what I crave here! Service, music, and atmosphere is great. They also offer military discount.
A friend bought a red velvet cake for a party.  Under duress I took a bite to be polite.  It was everything I dreaded and more.  This time it was also gummy and stuck to the roof of my mouth.  The gift that keeps on giving.
The food is tasty, but pricey, huge portions. Service was just okay, even though there were no other customers, and despite the fact that I did state it was my first visit, the girl helping seemed annoyed that I had to think for a millisecond about what I wanted.
Love, love, love Bread and butter.  Lemon meringue tarts, homemade chocolate pudding, and my personal favorite, the cheese Danish.  I bring my out of town guests (and myself) here often for breakfast.  The owner is great, and we have always had great service.
I love Randys! The food is always really good and really fast! Its cheap and everyone is very friendly. Its my go to breakfast spot. Only downfall is they only take cash so no plastic everyone!
Goood zza, at a good price. Thanks to my fellow yelpers, I would not have stopped in with out the infomitive reviews. Just what I was looking for for lunch.
Good place for burgers when eating out with a mixture of carnivores & vegetarians. Birthdays too.
Craving hot dogs. Main website states open at 10, when it's really 11.  But i guess it's really not 11, because they are closed and its 11:20am.  Been waiting an hour and twenty minutes.  I'd eat at taste of chicago up the road if they were open on Sunday. Lame.
Were to begin... No one welcome us in, we had to sit ourselves. I ordered the dinner combination chicken bulgogi and shrimp tempera. Their was no taste at all... Should've went to panda next door and  prices is way too high.
My favorite sports bar anywhere.  The layout and screen placements are great for viewing your favorite team.  Drinks are a good value at full price and there are lots of different food and drink specials depending on the day and time you are there.  Food is very good for a sports bar.  Fish Tacos and pizza are my favorites.
Too Busy, long waits, over worked staff, and expensive for Pizza.  Other than that the food is Okay.
i can see why this place is popular. it's definitely hip and in a cool location. their coffee and their service have only been mediocre in my experiences, however. bitter shots and huge bubbles in the milk. even though the place is well known, you can probably find better quality and less of a pretentious atmosphere elsewhere.
It's interested concept but the sushi is not great at all. Most of them has crab mix. A lot of fried and I think they place coloring die on the fish. I will not go back here
I would not trust anyone but Connie to watch my dog.  The pictures she has posted of her clients are so cute and adorable.   She is so flexible and when she has watched my dog in the past, I would always get a text message about how she was doing.  Great place highly recommend.
Second visit to this location. Great service again this visit. Ordered a cake and couldn't be happier! Will definitely be back to this BR for my future cake order!
This is a great place for breakfast. They serve large potions and it is delicious. They have some awesome thick cut bacon that is cooked perfectly every time. The service is always friendly and fast. The place does get a little packed on the weekends, but it is worth the wait.
I'm not sure why such a good review, this store is always cluttered and seems dark.   Check the dates as we have purchased items that were out of date on multiple occasions.   \n\nToo much competition in the area to spend time in an average store.
Food and drinks are great! Service has been lacking both times I've been here.
Great place to relax and enjoy a great price drinks and food anytime of day. Was my first time visiting definitely will go back!!
fyi they moved to a new building about 300 feet down the road..Dont be fooled by the new building same old clowns working.
Many amazing MTL nights were centered here.\n\nSorry about that MTL.\n\n_C$
Avoid at all costs worst service in Vegas. The food is way over priced for the quality. If your looking for dessert in the Caesars Palace area I would reccomend the Cheesecake Factory in the Forum Shops at Caesars.
Pretty good Chinese restaurant, the dishes are genuine and the price is reasonable. It's a mix of Sichuan and Northeast style. Chicken and mushroom is a very good Northeastern cuisine to try if you haven't yet.
Gave Danny's the opportunity to correct the poor wash job the did on my wife's Yukon and they weren't able to deliver.  Poor customer service and same poor results.  Never again!
The servers are awesome and the cooks stay busy yet the time it takes to get food on the weekend is ridiculous. Either hire more staff or figure out a way to make things faster. \nI am sitting here waiting for 45 minutes for an omelette and burger, unacceptable.
I'd almost give them 5 stars other than the barber made me bleed with the straight razor haha. Nothing crazy, but they did a really good bald fade. I was worried since I just moved here from Michigan.
The service was terrible. I would go back again because the food was good but would not go back just because of the service.
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =\n\nThis location has closed.
Good quality hand soap and hand dryer here! Thanks for not cheaping out on us dunkin donuts! Stable WIFI! Donuts can be better.
The new restaurant is first rate - gorgeous interior, great service, great food.  Very busy, great atmosphere.
This place is just around the corner from work-- it has been recently redecorated. It looks very nice now. Prices are pretty good, but I come here because Linda does an outstanding job on my pedicure!  You can find me here every two weeks!
Really not that amazing. Only dying here once so possibly they were off.  I've had better cafeteria Chinese food.
Love this place.   I go every week.  Totally wish that it was going on this summer!   Always friendly vendors, and love that I can find trendy one of a kind gifts for friends and family.   I shop and then drop in to all the awesome pubs nearby.
One of the best Chinese buffet
They do a great job with their work however I feel like I am just another person interrupting their day when I walked in.  No questions asked, just \"grab your nail polish color\" and that's about it.  Would like some attention to the customer as this was the case with others too.
Had the quiche florentine and it was really good. Also had a shaken mocha iced coffee and it was really good. The only complaint I have is that the restaurants has a weird smell but besides that they have a grade A from the health dept and the food was good.
good stores . While being in the warm in the cold month of December. SHOPPING AND DRINKING DO NOT MIX. But it sure is fun (: I loved the random stores inside.
Big selection, sizes tend to run small. Clothes in good condition, great price. Friendly & helpful owner. Will be going back for sure!
Best donuts I've had in the Phoenix area. I wish there were some locations up in the NE section of town.
Well this is my first yelp review and I've been dining here for years.  Picasso is easily one of the finest restaurants in Las Vegas.  My husband and I came a little early for my birthday this year and had to stop by our favorite destination.  Always a great experience.
I was very impressed with the 2 for 1 burgers with endless fries! ... The oyesters are not bad either but not worth the price... Service was ok and you'll probably spend $10-15 on a meal.
hmmmmmm.... something has changed... the place was a mess, crumbs on every table, drink area a disaster, sloppier made sandwich... better bounce back!! I miss the old crew!!
Haloween night and only one checker.  We waited in line for 20 minutes.  This place is a joke.  Look ven my photo of everyone waiting in line is the main pic.. haha
I heart this place! The versa spa is awesome, I don't think I could ever go anywhere else!
I love this place!!! Tartufo is my favorite!
Great service great Thai food  especially pineapple fried rice.My son and I comes in at least once a week for lunch special $5.99
NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM.\n\nThat's all I have to say about that.
After posting my billing experience at Kobalt.  One dAy later my bank indicated a revised debit occurred.  I need to make the Public aware this occurred.
Been going here on and off for years. I won't step into another smoke shop because of the great service I get here. Even after moving across town I'll still stop in and they still remember who I am, awesomesauce. Great shop
Fresh Kabob is not so fresh. The meat was dry and over cooked. Nice view of the airport, but would not eat here again.
My wife works across the street at the Sunrise Hospital.  Any time we meet for lunch we always choose Applebee's.   The service is friendly and quick especially if you sit in the bar.  The 2 for 20 is our go to choice for a cheap lunch.  We have yet to be disappointed.
We have been here several times.  Service and food has always been quality for the price.
Good late night bar food, plan to wait in the drive through for at least 30 minutes
This place was great. We sat at the outside bar and had good service. The slice, meatball sub, and chicken parm sandwiches were all excellent. Wish I lived in Phoenix and could come more often.
The gentlemen that work here are very helpful and nice. Get's busy but I guess that's always good for business!
Well since the closest one to my house closed I was pleased to find this one. From the moment I walked in the employees were very nice and very helpful. The store was clean and organized. I was looking for new decor for my master bathroom and they had just about everything I needed.  And the candles smelled really nice too.
Ugg hortible service. Not helpful or smiley. Food was subpar. Flimsy lettuce and bland. Patio has no speakers or misters...but hey they have heaters..what the heck?
Better portions than subway.  Nicer interior.  Overall pretty good.  Had the sour dough sub roll.. Nothing special and basically too much bread.
Both fortunately and unfortunately, this location makes a great and consistent coffee. However, time is money and these folks are chatty and sloooow!\n\nI sat in the drive thru last week (after ordering one Vento coffee ) for 17 minutes. There were only 2 cars in front of me... Seriously?
Great food and great atmosphere. I got the corn beef hash. The gravy and biscuits are delicious. I regret not tryin their dessert.
A very decent sushi restaurant in a little strip mall.\nAnd despite their apparent obsession with James Blunt music, it was quite an enjoyable lunch.\nRolls were tasty and well priced.
Portions are less and the prices are substantially more. :( \n\nLove the food and the atmosphere but with the rising costs, my visits become less frequent.
Favorite Thai spot in CLT. Pad Thai is always delightful.
I love this place. Their veggie Benny is amazing. I regret to get a Benny anywhere else since there is no comparison. Donna , our server was awesome and we will surely be back next weekend...maybe tomorrow.
I love going to this place, the atmosphere is 5 stars and service often 5 stars as well. i wish there menu had a bit more to offer. That being said, the food is very good. last time Ihad a sammich, the artichoke spinach sandwhich and it was fantastic, homemade chips are special too.
I tried their Pumpkin Ale Beer last night it was really good! Pizza was good!
Wow. Absolutely delicious. Great salsas.  I have to search and search for good Mexican Food in Northern VA.  Much easier in this area!
Saturday....June 21, 2014.....\nHow does a Texas Roadhouse NOT have baked potato's??\nBad management obviously....or bad corporate policy aggravating the situation by not allowing the manager to just go somewhere and buy potato's.
This place is tons of fun! \nI stopped in with my family to have oysters and beer and we ended up eating and drinking for a couple of hours. \n\nGreat ambiance, friendly service and good food.
I walked in and then straight back out.  Also, there was an attack in the parking lot involving a hammer.
This is the nicest Chick Filet Ever. I stopped with my boss on a recent business trip and the service was the best I have ever had a fast food place. This is brand new and everything is nice and clean.
Cajun lobster roll was just okay for me, didn't seemed like I ate a whole lobster. Although it was served on a sweet bun which brought out the flavor. For about $20, probably pass.
Super cute decor but not really a poppin' spot to dance your heart out and bring out the inner Nicole Sherzinger in you.
Hail ceasar was relatively boring.. Dressing was bland. Baby kale salad was really good. Turkey burger was okay... Don't get the gluten free bread! Drinks were good.
Way too pricey!!! Not at all LA style pastramis... Probably will be our first and last. Waiting forever right now for our food, it's a Sunday no one else in sight and still we wait.
Irene was super dooper friendly and accommodated my ridiculous coffee concoction request AND made it in the most delicious manner EVER! This is by far the better of the area's two locations!!
went Fri March 27th.  meh...typical vegas club. same crowd and music as everywhere else. ive been to nicer venues in Vegas.  wasnt anything special.
I like this place so much that we held our apr\u00e8s wedding gig here! My husbands band (Sod's Law) played and it was great. Somewhere to go that hasn't disappeared up it's own backside. Only complaint is the nick of the toilets- sort it out.
Yummy! I enjoyed the pho and my friend enjoyed the bun. I know it was very nice inside.
The miso glazed butterfish was inedible. It tasted like it was bathed in soy sauce - way too salty.\nThe mozzarella and tomato \"salad\" was basically a soup - drenched in dressing.
The outdoor seating was nice. \nThe service was attentive. \n\nFood was meh.\nThe shrimp taco had a huge chunk of avocado (yum) and shrimp was well seasoned but the sauce was yucky. My friend had chicken alfredo and liked it.
Great fun.  Good food. Lots of tv's.   staff was friendly and service was excellent.  Nothing to complain about at the Rockhouse.
Started out with She Crab Soup, it was excellent should of had a bowl instead of a cup. Fish tacos where great. Will come back again for dinner.
I think this is the best thai in this area for sure. Their dinner dishes has really good taste and they make it look artistic and I like that !
3 stars. What more am I supposed to say aside from the fact that I love how they have slot machines inside... haha\n\nSin City baby!
This is the Cirque show of shows.  Amazing feats of water acrobatics and the pool constructed for the show is equally amazing. My only criticism is that I hated the clowns and the show dragged on a little bit too long.
Pretty good place to have drink. The food is pretty good also. Sometimes the bands in specific the \"singers\" they hire are uhhh, not always on key, to put it nicely.... But it's still fun!! :)
Three servers walked by us waiting at the front door and completely ignored us just now. We never were asked to be seated. There is no sign to seat yourself,  and no obvious host podium. Stood there feeling dumb as everyone ignored us. Lame.  Shame on them.
It's been difficult to get ahold of anyone to get maintenance done on my extensions.
Had cut, roots, and highlights and was very pleased with the experience.  The price seemed fair and the facility was fairly nice.  Not quite upscale but perfectly acceptable.  The girl that did my hair did a fantastic job!
I have always had a decent experience with the Bootlegger however tonight when wanting to have business drinks with business associates we were treated extremely rude by the waiter and two gals at the counter.  We all decided there are way to many places to eat, drink and be social we will never return to the bootlegger.
The Chicago pizza was absolutely amazing.  I would definitely recommend going. Great atmosphere and good service
You seen the movie Vegas vacation, where Cousin Eddy goes to the buffet and he says, \"Give me some of the yeller\"....   Honestly the worst buffet! Went for breakfast and what a disappointment.  Don't waste your money on this buffet.
The cornbread was the best part of the meal, all the other menu items I tried was sub-par.
Sign says open at 9am, it's now 9:30 and I am going to GSW because some one had not opened the door
Terrible. I called at 11 am and was told my car was ready. I show up at 1 pm and learn my car is not ready... Need another hour.  I had to get a ride twice. Wasting valuable time going to this place.
One of my worse experiences ever. From the silverware being dirty to a dry lemon for the beer it was just a terrible experience. From the get go half of the menu was eliminated as an option for being too spicy. The service was outstanding but the quality of the food does not merit a 20 dollar per person plate.
This is a casual, yet sophisticated place to eat. We got the corned beef, a traditional pub entree, quinoa black bean burger as well as the Scotch eggs, which were all equally delicious. But I highly recommend the Scotch eggs because it's so unique!
Maybe we just ordered the wrong thing?\n\nYeah, realized we did. Should have stuck with the water. Peace out. Chuck the deuces b4 you chuck the up.
Won't ever come here again. My tip explains it all. Wish I didn't have to leave any stars
Friendly, airy place. Modest menu, ok quality, spotty service, ok prices according to the people I was with. LOUD. I mean LOUD. Don't go there if you want to have a conversation.
the other side of vegas! free activity at vegas... must go at night!
Met a friend here for lunch...this chain is known for their great bakery items (fabulous chocolate chip cookies come with your lunch!) \nThe sandwiches, salads and soups are fine, but a little pricey. The place is clean and very busy, considering there are quite a few lunch places in this mall.
meh.  nothing too special about this ramen place.  it was good, just not that much different from all the other ramen spots in the valley.
Greenbush Bar is Madison's best kept secret. The service is knowledgable and friendly, the ambiance is hip and intimate, and the food is some of the very best in Madison.
Dr. Chawla has a very keen eye for detail.  Which is great cause I am a picky patient.   I needed to have some work done and Dr. Chawla understood all my concerns and got the dental work done perfect the first time!  Really enjoyed my time there - The office manager is a hoot too.
Not my favorite of the outlets.. felt like I was at a westfield mall. Nothing too special.
My new place for dim sum in Vegas. Everything seems to be well prepared and not too greasy. Would give only three stars, but the egg custard buns are simply amazing. I've never had better. So fluffy and perfectly soft and firm in all the right places. What was I talking about?
the Vdara is nice. panoramic windows over looking the city looks so amazing when the sun is coming down. Bring your Top Ramen because they got a stove! \n\nThe only problem i had with this hotel is that the water pressure sucked in the shower.
Funny, the same stuff gets executed much better here than in Atlanta's NW location, which I reviewed a few weeks ago.  Service was fine here too.
Sure am glad they built this place.  Much cleaner than the chevron and it was way to busy anyways.  Southern highlands is a large community with not enough gas stations.
Disappointing - high energy equals lousy ambiance for a quiet romantic dinner. Odd tables (table for two much longer than usual - 4 ft from your table mate). Food was fair - very expensive and therefore marginal value. Tried it once, will not be back
Im a fan of this place, food has been consistently good when i come here.  It is inside the casino and it does loose some authentic ambiance but hey your in vegas.  Ive tried only a small portion of the menu but so far so good.
horrible service! was hung up on after the woman on the phone told me she would just cancel my appointment just because I called to see if they had openings earlier since I've had this appointment for 2 months! one star because I can't leave 0
I eat here every time I come to viva. Love the carnitas and the Barbacoa blew my mind!!
I went here for lunch with my wife. Everything is grand about the place except for the food. The food was lackluster and was common like any other cheaper vegas buffet. I feel that you are just paying for the scenery and dining experience. I would go somewhere else for the money.
Best Burgers in Waterloo. One of the more popular restaurants in Uptown, there is often a long waiting list at the dinner time hours. The burgers are worth the wait however.
Good food. Nice wait staff. Horrible noise level due to carts going by tables laden with dirty dishes. Had to stop talking each time one went by, which was every two minutes.
A piece of San Jose in Vegas.\n\nService is great and orders come out fairly quickly.\n\nThe only problem is that the flavor/taste is inconsistent sometimes. They tend to be bland every now and then.
First impression very bad server.... Forgot the beer n the edamame....the sushi itself was delicious but very ordinary... Oh and the sweetheart roll was gross, the honey mustard mayo was miracle whip... Big disappointment.
This is a great little mexican shop.  i love their steak tacos and all the salsa is good.  would have given them 5 stars but they recently changed management and started charging me for guacomole and sour cream.  i hate litte ad ons
Bad waffles. Tasted like they were frozen then microwaved before serving.
I was trying to find something positive to say about these dry ass cupcakes......... Nothing came to mind.
Great view. Comfy bed. Automatic lights and curtain control :) Can hear neighbors next door! No  phone plugs next to the bed. Still probably my favorite hotel in Vegas.
The Big Dogs on Sierra was closed, we always went there when we were in town at least twice for the beer and Nachos so we trekked over to the Draft house on Rancho.  Nachos were a disappointment compared to what we used to get.  The beer is good but we were sadly disappointed in our favorite nachos.
We came here because the club \"The Bank\" wasn't opened yet. I got a glass of champagne that was decent price and chilled there for a bit. \n\nIt was dark and crowded. Loud music was playing, but forgot what kind. Nice lounge bar to just chill.
Some of the fastest service considering it is in a very busy hotel, even when there is a long line the service is still pretty fast for the amount of people in line. If you don't like waiting there is 2 locations inside Mandalay bay so just head to the other one.
I would never stay here again. It's too old and not clean enough as a hotel should be. Un-classy people and it is almost impossible to get a taxi from this hotel. Very disappointed.
Carlos and alfred are amazing! This place is awesome! I love everything about it from the food, atmosphere, hospitality! Its awesome! Keep it up fellas
Great food. Good atmosphere. good prices. Highly recommend this place!!!
a must in vegas.. 24 hr pho.. cant beat that
Pretty good homemade bread products.  We stopped by for lunch and had the chicken salad which was decent.
Ate at the bar, so service was meh.  Great guacamole, chips were really salty.  Had the carnitas tacos for entree, which were good.  Surprisingly good mexican food, totally unexpected for Charlotte, NC.
Extremely courteous service.  Waiter made phenomenal recommendations and the sushi was very fresh.  Highly recommended.
We had lunch prior to a visit to the Mint Museum and sat on the terrace.  The three of us loved our meals and the terrace setting.  Service was exceptional as well.
Italian coffee done right. My nonna would be very happy. An espresso from Vito is always welcome in my world. Not to mention, he's a kind guy too. You won't be disappointed. If you are, best to go to Starbucks and stay there. Ciao!
Fun place to grab a bite to eat! The food is good and the drinks are even better. Check in with FourSquare and get half off specialty cocktails!
Had nachos.  Were really good but portion was small. Beer was cold but not cold enough. Service was good. Atmosphere was good. It's close to home so I will go back.  The best part was the chocolate molten lava cake for dessert.  It was extremely good. Must try dessert.
Worst customer service I have ever had and on top of it she was trying to argue with me....I now remember why I don't shop at target thank u..
The dealers are so knowledgeable and helpful! We always find some great stuff. We just recently purchased vintage blue glass BALL jars from the 1950's for a DIY project.
great low prices
The yellow curry was actually red and it was covered with red chili pepper. It was too damn hot for me and I couldn't eat it. They were nice enough to offer to make me something else, which I took them up on it. \n\nI ordered General Tso chicken and was much milder.
Flight from Miami was on time to las vegas. However, I waited one hour for baggage to come from the plane to the baggage carousel.   That is way too long.
Love, love, love Chipotle and this location. Everyone is always super sweet and the food is delicious. Local meat, farm raised, non-GMO or rBGH. You can get as many sides of sour cream and salsa as you want and that makes me happy.
Awesome little spot. Great drink specials, talkative and friendly dancer, $5 table dances, $10 booth dances, $25 VIP, and to top it off, only a $5 cover!
this is a great case of reviews inflated by alcohol.  the late night crowd that lines up for pizza is incredibly annoying and not a bit discriminating.
The Mac n cheese bacon burger is one of the best I've had.  Fondue dippers are awesome.  Ambiance is great, menu had plenty to offer, and service was top notch.  Ask for Bria she was great! Food is reasonably priced, and don't forget your Total rewards card, they discount.
Food wasn't particularly over the top excellent but definitely \"good\".\n\n\nService was super chill and the bartenders & servers were exceptional. \n\nKeep rockin
I highly recommend Arizona Keys Locksmith. Levi is very professional and does super work! You won't be disappointed.
Had lots of promise on Yelp - no such luck when I got there. Business appears closed, phone line disconnected and website no longer running.
I love this place.the seating is awesome and it really feels like a night out when you can watch a good movie, be comfortable , have tons of leg room and get some amazing mac and cheese all in one place.It is a movie experience thst will make you wonder why all theaters arnt this way ...dine and watch!
Food is average for bar food.  Beer selection average.  Long wait(1hr) for food so this is why it gets three stars.
I was here for a conference and saw their sign for a $10 lunch special which wasn't available that day.  Took over an hour to just get a lunch salad.  The waiter had major attitude.\nAvoid this place!
Excellent decor.\n\nVery nice and friendly service.\n\nFood was ok, not great.\n\nPrice was more expensive than Irvine and Newport Beach, like $20 for taco plate.
Meh. . . I had some really, really dry Vaca Frita here. The place is nice and the staff friendly, but this isn't the place to score good Cuban food. It is next to the Little White Wedding Chapel though. Extra star!
I ordered the shabu shabu and my friend ordered the sukiyaki. The meat was ok. I expected better quality meat. The food is okay. Next time I'm in the mood for shabu shabu, I'll look for another place to try.
awful, food was not good, people with me got sick and will not go there again.
BEST in Vegas...wish I were there now.\nCreamy cold delicious.  Make sure you have cash...no ATMs nearby.
Rude and unfriendly lady check in staff. We booked through Expedia for a room with 2 queen beds but by the time we are checking in there is only one bed rooms were available and we ended up to order another room in full price.  No wonder it's average rating is so low
Idk I was still hungry after one slice. But it's got a good taste and its super greasy and cheesy.
This place was awesome. You are completely thrown by the outside. You walk in and you feel like you're in an upscale Scottsdale joint without the Scottsdale prices. The food was amazing. There were 4 of us and we were all very happy with our dishes. The Italian Sausage is amazing!
The elk meat is unbelievable .. This is our favorite stake house in all of Arizona. The deserts are excellent, we have try them all and I can not pick a favorite.\n\nI hate to say it but the old menu was way better. \nThere still time to change it back!!!!!
Good entertainment because of the Showroom. Their food is alright and same with the bars. So, not too great, but not too bad neither.
Not bad at all, but not fantastic.  I attended a nice \"Jazz Brunch\" today, and the atmosphere was very inviting and relaxing.  The buffet  was good, however the service was a bit slow.  To be fair, I was with a large group of over twenty (20), however the restaurant otherwise was not that busy.
Great food, great service. Everything was just really good, and the experience was top notch. Will return often.
I have been there 4times since the opening and everything I add was a amazing must try this place
Really disappointing. My sandwich was absolutely tasteless and the potato soup had dirt in it from the potatoes. $7 for a snack sized meal.  I won't be back.
ALWAYS friendly staff, never a long wait, MUCH better than Starbucks. How could you not love this place?!? Seriously though... never met happier workers, and that says a lot about the company.
The sandwich is pretty good except for the service . Its a little slow considering they have a lot of help behind the counter. Half of them don't even know what they are doing. Need more training for their help.
I only get my toes done here, but they are always professional and clean, the girls do a great job and the price is right.  They have asked if I could use cash, but never pressured me into doing so.  I like their massage chairs too!
Excellent Therapy provided. The way the instructors helped me to regain my Hand was terrific. Number one location to prefer for quick recovery.
Nordstrom Rack is new to the Phoenix market. I finally them a visit to get a makeup makeover. I really enjoyed the experience. The makeup associate really took her time with me. I received lots of compliments on my new image.
I go to this restaurant every time I visit Vegas.  Their Pho is so good.  The restaurant is clean and the service is fast.
Food is okay but a Lil overpriced.  How do you go from 6.99 sandwich to adding $5 more for fries and a drink?  I could've got a crispy chicken sandwich from jack in the box and still be satisfied.
The staff is always very cute and attentive. Great wine and beer selection. The grilled cheese & tomato soup is fantastic. \n\n I've been on certain nights where they were showing old westerns with a dj spinning great tunes. Big thumbs up!
What a little gold mine of a place.  The food was fantastic and the atmosphere was so relaxing.  The patio seating was comfortable and our server actually knew the meaning of silent service which is a rare find.  Next time we will go a little later in the evening so that we can enjoy the live music as well.
Topless vampires ...how could this be that bad? Don't pay attention to the story. Enjoy the humor involved and the 80s rock, and remember you are in the Stratosphere. We got a cheap deal cause we stayed at the hotel. Probably too pricey otherwise.
Dry meat. All the seasoned meat are not seasoned. Steamed egg is burned. Not changing the grill frequently enough so the meat is bitter.
Service was good, everyone was friendly and the sushi is good and the prices are great! The happy hour is a good deal. The outside area needs tending, clean Windows, sweep up cigarettes and wipe down tables and chairs. I would still come back...
$15 and then $12.50 for cleets, Wth? It takes 3mins time and the materials are $2.00
The resort is very easy on the eye, unfortunately looks alone does not equal a good business. Horrible customer service and unqualified employees.
Four Peaks is AMAZING!!! The atmosphere, food, and beer is ALL GREAT! They have indoor/outdoor seating and I love coming here with my friends! Their Arizona Chicken rolls are to die for or their popper burger! You can't go wrong with anything on their menu!
Enjoyed my meal very much. Service was great. Very efficient. Jay was very welcoming and so were the other employees.
Absolutely amazing Italian coffees. The atmosphere, set-up and clientele remind me of being in Italy.
I love this salon! I didn't love the mani 100% but it was my first one but the pedi was great! Great price too. I will definitely be going back!
Cultureless chain restaurant with bland food. Employees are more interested in flirting with each other at the host stand than to acknowledge you when you walk in or walk out.
their khao soi (sp?) dish is awesome! great thai restaurant if you want to eat something off the strip. definitely recommend trying other things besides your typical thai food (pad thai, pad se ew, etc).
It's at least open till 9:30, amazing in this \"24 hour\" town and it tastes great.  Can't beat a 7.95 dinner special with drink, egg roll and soup.  If they deliver to UNLV, it's a five.
We tried this place randomly and had a great experience. The shrimp tom yum soup was delish as well as the spicy basil noodles with chicken and the best part was the sticky rice with custard for dessert! Good ambiance and service was good too. Will be eating there again soon!
Growth Nation and AZIGG have worked with Sonoran Studios on several occasions and they have always been fast, reliable, professional, available and GREAT. It means a lot not to have to worry about A/V - Sonoran has it handled. Highly recommended!
Fun club with different levels and music. It has a great atmosphere and tons of beautiful people. It does get very crowded though and I felt very claustrophobic in the hip hop room. Over all I'd visit again.
I love Outback, the steaks are great and a lot less pricey then the hotel steakhouses.  The wait staff, hostesses and management are awesome.
The food was well priced and the taste was delicious especially with the many sauce selections! The waitress was also very nice and kept asking if the food tasted okay. She even let me sample the melon juice, which was refreshing! I got the pork and it had great flavor.
Pretty good store..............it usually has what I need. However, the store is ALWAYS understaffed.
This is chain restaurant quality. Not very good Mexican food at all. And is very expensive for what you get.
Been here a couple of times and both times I got a platter called Los Mejores de la Casa, the food was good although the sides did seem a bit bland, but I wouldn't really call this dish a Mexican dish, the chocolate flan was yummy, the restaurant is very nice looking inside and out...
Really, really good Dim Sum, staff is great, some items get lost\n in translation, but so far everything we have ate has been great!
Since this is a new location, i wanted to see if the roasted milk tea with grass jelly (half sugar no ice) was just as good as their other locations - and it was.\n\nPlease be sure to try this at least once!
Stopped in for a glass of wine. Everyone was very friendly.
Nice little place, food and service was good. Great atmosphere, interesting people constanting coming in and they there always seems to be cute girls here. :)
Pizza is good but price is on the high end for a pie!
Worst experience ever!!!!! All around thumbs down!!!! DO NOT COME HERE!!! Your better off at a Travel Lodge or Motel 6!!! Dirty & horrible service!!!!!!
Two other customers in the store, five staff people working, and it takes forever for me to pay for my items due to a \"shift change.\" Horrible customer service, avoid this place; I am.
Omg the poutine is sooo good. Nice fast food joint. I had this amazing poutine that was covered with bacon, cheddar, sour cream and shallot. The staff is very friendly and ready to recommend the best choices.
Jeff was awesome! Made us feel very welcome.
All we expected and wished a great meal and experience could be.
Every time I've been here I've had excellent service.\n\nMy selection: Chicken and Waffles and a Sangria.
Companies should sit down and listen to their customer service lines all day to see how over-the-phone customer service should be.  I always have a knowledgeable and friendly representative help me out.  Quite simply the gold standard of banking and insurance in my book.
Very disappointed!! My very first visit to a Jack in the box and NO ONE even greeted us, not even the employee who was leaving! There was no one up front to take orders. We left and went to Sonics next door for our dinner!!
Tried Archies cafe for the first time. The service was great and the food was the best Tai food I've had so far. I ordered the Pad Tai 6 on the spicey scale and it could have been a little hotter. It is a great atmosphere and overall a great restaurant.
Had a great family dinner over thanksgiving holiday. Service was great and the teppan chef was really fun and entertaining. The food was reliable I would have never tried this place without yelp and it's great reviews. Thanks everyone for taking the time to review.
Empty room for lunch and the hostess asked if I had a reservation. The food is good but it is definitely over priced. Atmosphere is nice but they continuously miss on service and me being wowed for a $10 po boy. This place is so close to my work but I doubt I'll ever go back again. Bummer.
Place was ok it was a mediocre sandwich with no veggies other than onion I had the southwest club, and a bread bowl of clam chowder which was pretty decent would I go back? probably not
It's closer than Costco where I used to be a member before I moved to Surprise. They always have good deals on fresh fruit and bulk household items. I mainly have the membership to take advantage of the eye center. The doctor at the eye center is very professional and friendly and I would recommend their eye services dept to anyone.
They also messed with my side mirror and gave me a huge blind spot which I didn't notice until driving!
I must say, this business has excellent customer service. They sent out a new batch of food that was good. Much better then the first batch. Everything we just tried was delicious this time. Maybe I was too harsh the first time. I will continue ordering from them in the future.
The service was good but the food is terrible!! Nothing that they serve even resembles Tex-Mex. Their queso is watery and gross. Throwing beans and chips together does not make Mexican food.
Consistently least fishy tasting sushi, my favorite. And for those naysayers? Sorry you don't know how top make friends and have fun in a sushi bar. For the privileged theres no netter experience.
Everything is top notch! Beautiful and elegant! Food is super fresh and tasty!  I will def be back whenever I visit vegas!
We ventured to Feedbag tonight and were not impressed with the food. The service was very good and portion sizes were nice but the instant macaroni and cheese and instant mashed potatoes left us disappointed.
flew in an out of international terminal or terminal 2. Very sub par, they need to finish the new international terminal very soon cause this one does not have much to offer accept a shorter wait for a cab.
I hate giving bad reviews, but I've gotta be honest. The sandwich was over cooked and dry, and there was so much grease in the fries that it leaked thru the bag... \n\nAt least the soda was good, I guess...
Good food, good prices. I love the falafel at Leena's.
Very cool family trip not a lot of activities and the costumed employees acted  like we were actually bothering them. Never the less it was fun and my daughter liked it
These guys are the best I have ever used!
Fantastic little indy spot. Friendly crowd, excellent food. The bartenders take of you like a friend. Highly recommended. You'll be family here in no time.
Beer, food, a beautiful view of the lake, and live music. What a magical combination . . .
I ordered the chicken pita and never again will I go back. The chicken was so over cooked I couldn't even chew it. I told the waitress and she did nothing about it.
Friendly people, but the food was not that great. I had the chicken pita & the sauce was hot & tasted bitter. The yams tasted ok, but you can tell they are canned. My friend got the hamburger, which was not homemade like the waitress  stated.
New place with the best hookah , customer service is beyond great.
This is one of my favorite places to go in Las Vegas. The service is awesome, the food is awesome... I have never had a bad meal or appetizer and the price is to be expected for an up scale steak place.  It is best to make reservations but you can always eat at the bar and still have a great experience.
Canned food & terrible drinks.
beet salad was fantastic. service was new and they spilled water over my table while I was eating. the short rib loco moco was too salty for my taste.
Pretty nice little bar. I was there for a work function and we'd reserved the downstairs area - it was a great little spot, they did some good food and a nice choice of beers.\n\nNot too noisy, too crowded, or too quiet. Plus I had a win on the bandit. Yeah!
Hi,\nEven my husband went for a hair cut last week.it was good.\nI would also be tryign this week.Hopefully they work good on ladies long hair too.
I will never shop at this place again this guy is reall mean. Rude from the get go. I will never do business with ever!
Ya well, 2012........the same. Kudos to some of the artists though - very talented people there. Don't quite understand why you have to pay to get in though....you would think it would free to expose the artists to more people. *shrug*
Great quality food especially for the price, excellent service by our server James H. I haven't had such good service from a server in a long time, he's fantastic and it made my mine and my girlfriends evening even better.. Thanks James.. Oh and I must recommend the Cowboy Meatloaf. Super good and worth every penny.
Far from the madding crowd...super food and service
The dry rub ribs and homemade macaroni and cheese was very good. Penny our server was very attentive to our table and service was great!
AMAZING draft and craft beer selection!!!  Also, solid bar food.  For vegetarians, there's a good flat bread, or leave the meat off of nachos or quesadillas.  The staff (particularly Ian) is knowledgeable about the beer and friendly, and overall the bar seems less smoky than most.
I love the change...it is hit or miss with the service though...
Good local Spanish bakery. We've been there a few times. The whole-wheat croissants are delicious.
Have a great happy hour. Good food and beer. Enjoyed myself. Great stop for sushi. Try it out if you get a chance.
WOW!  I have been to many Mexican restaurants and this one is amazing!  Great food, clean, fast and amazing prices.  Very friendly family owned place.  I love their Melanisa de Pollo con Tamal.  Huge variety of dishes to choose from.  This place is a must if you like Mexican home cooking.
Convenient, safe, easy, anonymous. Perfect for an illicit tryst away from anyone you might know.
We tried to go to Serendipity 3 for lunch, but we never actually saw a waiter. We waited about 20 minutes after being seating and saw plenty of other wait staff not making eye contact with patrons, but never found ours. It's too bad I was really looking forward to a $14 hot dog.
Best Burrito I've had in my life!! Literally ate that thing in under 5 minutes...food was great, service was excellent, everyone was so friendly and the place was very clean......definitely coming back soon
VERY DISAPPOINTING. Waited for 15-20 minutes for a table despite empty tables everywhere. Order was taken and 40 minutes later they brought out our food and BOTH orders were WRONG. Sad.
There is a fake hipster douche bag working there on Saturdays - do not go in at that time. He is condescending and rude to customers, as though they are bothering him while he is just slouched over Facebook.
The restaurant is beautiful, the service was great, the food ranged from mediocre to downright bad.\n\nMaybe it was an off night but I was seriously disappointed.
I loved the Royal Botanic Garden. The paths are wide and there are lots of quiet little pockets to sit and read or just enjoy the scenery. There is plenty of pretty wildlife as well. We fed the squirrels and birds. This is where my husband purposed to me.
Average Target.
I absolutely love this place. The food is great. The beer is great. The atmosphere is really cool too. Two thumbs way up!\n\nAnd they have a pet-friendly patio.
I love this place.  The accompanying classical pieces go great with the water show, I'm waiting for them to bust out Tchaikovsky's Overture of 1812.  My wife and I have been to this place twice in as same amount of trips and we never tire of it.
I love this place. Everything is amazing. Try something from the new food menu. The service is great here everyone is so friendly. My favorite gelato is sea salt caramel with chocolate truffles you have to try it.
Typical Vegas bar: Beautiful girls serving expensive drinks.  Happily, however, they don't torture you too much with Beatles music.  It is VERY small and located behind the casino - so don't waste your time if you aren't staying here.
Person answered the phone, my first reaction was how personable, then hold turned into ignore. I've threatened to go elsewhere for some time hoping customer service would become a priority but it just never does. Docs are nice, seem competent but staff can be abrasive.
Their rental policy is very screwy. I used the unit from July 8 to Sep 9 and was charged 3 months rent. They only prorate your closing month if you move out by the 6th. Your better off going with anyone else. \n\nThis is true of all Public Storages not just this location.
Their sushi is horrible, their food is like an old lean cuisine meal. I feel bad for the waitresses that have to work their. Their food is beyond over priced for the horrible taste that is left in your mouth.
Pricey, but good. Everything on the menu was pretty unique. Definitely get the cheesy fries.
the sushi is not worth it. it just tastes old and crusty.\n\nthe americanized chinese version of sweet and sour and kung pao are worth trying here!
Oy! Sooo salty! The burgs are definitely meaty, but whoa! Can't get over how salty, like lip-puckeringly so.
Pretty good. It is a pretty authentic and traditional fare and hole in the wall ambience.
Not a bad bojangles. I've been to better but considering the location, it's not bad at all.
I've been frequenting Leo's for a few years now and love the kind service, flavorful combos and the value of the food. The sauces are really tasty and are complimentary with your order. I prefer this establishment over other fast Hawaiian places.
I didn't enjoy this at all. The ending was entertaining, but I was almost asleep through most of the show.
Food was good for a buffet if a bit pricy.  My favorites were the mushroom ravioli and fruit cobbler.  One of the big things they could do better is label the buffet more throughly as there were many unlabeled dishes especially in the desert section.
I've stopped in a few times for drinks (but never dinner).  If in the area, it works.  Bartenders are attentive and there are a few different areas to sit once drinks are in hand.  It wouldn't be a destination location however as I don't really think it has a particular identity.
Dave and the Sound Xpression team is the best. Their customer service and attention to detail is outstanding!!!! I am so happy with the work they did on my 2014 Ford Focus!!!! Highly recommend if you are looking for car/truck audio and installation this is definitely the place to go. Thank you again!!!
Just waited 22 min for service and nothing.. We got set and literally sat there .. Waiting and waiting and waiting .. It wasn't even busy.. Incompetent staff, and terrible service.. From a previous hooters girl, I'm completely disappointed and will never come back. We walked out.
This was a regular burger place.  Good fries (and plenty of them), and a fairly good patty melt, but nothing amazing.
What've you done or not done Bellagio?  You were the gold standard.  We should have asked for a refund.  Tough chewy meat, skinny crab, poor service. One star because of the desserts.
Yummy food and nice atmosphere with wonderful service.
good food, good drinks, good location, good view. good music! Convenient location in the middle of the Strip. Wait for a table on the 3rd floor deck - the view of the Strip is worth it.
This place is a french want to be restaurant. Not really premium and authentic french food, Very americanized and expensive.
I love this bar. The bartenders are always extremely nice and the food is delicious. I love their pizza, stromboli, garlic parm fries, and buffalo chicken sandwich is amazing. Pool tables, jukebox, never too crowded. perfect.
I went here with  my friends and it was not worth waiting and hour and a half to eat crappy burnt food. Why do they put Sage and stick it on a biscuit...
HORRIBLE! Got a manicure and polish started chipping after just a few hours! The worker that did manicure seemed uninterested and annoyed to be there while rushing through manicure. Overall poor experience. Will never go back
The waitress was quite nice. The potato chips are awesome. The rest of our food was just ok, nothing spectacular. Place is very old school. It was an ok breakfast in general here ...
I'm surprised by some of the great reviews this place gets. I will never even try it again. Worst filet I have ever had and the service was terrible. Seriously not worth the drive off strip to eat here. I much prefer Canal Street in the Orleans for a decent steak.
The regular spa pedicure was amazing. What an awesome leg and foot massage. I will definitelly go back! Friendly staff. And great brow waxing too.
I have given this dive bar five stars because of the amazing alcohol prices.  We had 64 ounce pitchers of Goose Island IPA for $8.50.  The atmosphere was dark with pool tables and dart boards, everything you would expect from a dive bar.  The music was a nice eclectic mix and not too loud.  An excellent dive bar.
Not really a burger palace.  You can't add another patty, make your own burger or have different types of meats.\n\nFood is a bit pricey, pretty basic menu and honestly I would rather go to five guys.
Love this place.\n\nLove the food.\n\nLove the hotties that work there.
Great food, great atmosphere! Very kid friendly, we bring out family here all the time.
Excellent service! Great fries! Love the protein style!
Protein pancakes were the best pancakes I've ever had. Went with the half and half and combined them with the veggie skillet. Great service and restaurant.
Moto does everything good, but it never rises to great. They have an eclectic menu and there's tons for non-sushi eaters, too. Good value for dollar spent and usually walk away full and happy.
I would definitely come back here. Very friendly staff and pleasant environment. Came here due to reading other yelp reviews. Friends and I were visiting Vegas and needed to get a manicure and pedicures done. Glad we stop here. We all feel refresh and clean.
Boba not good.
Lindo MIchoacan has received so many BEST OF LAS VEGAS awards and now they have a location in Henderson with an incredible view of the city.  It doesn't get much better than great Mexican food with a view.
My favorite ramen on the Eastside! So glad I don't have to go all the way to Chinatown to get some great ramen. Our server is always so nice and sweet & she practically knows me already! My favorite is the Fukumimi Ramen with thick noodles and extra egg! YUMMMMM!
Love TCB&TL. This location is ok. The staff is friendly enough but don't stop here if you have somewhere to be quickly. I have always experienced a long wait in the drive thru. I've even gone in, not much difference in wait time.
We were late 15 minutes late and they gave away our seats. They put us in the bar area so we didn't have the best dining experience.\n\nThe food was mediocre. I've had better.\n\nThe service was nothing to rave about.
Quick, tasty & affordable.
This is not your typical Cirque show.  Much more entertainment value with less acrobatics.  If you are comfortable with raunchiness then this is a very good show. (I would highly suggest for couples.) If you are uncomfortable with that sort of stuff, I don't think this is the show for you.
very reliable car dealer, friendly staff and take amazing care of there customers
Mango my favorite flavor.  Today, I saw strawberry with chocolate and was tempted to try it with chocolate custard.  But since they had mango, I went with it.  \n\nI enjoy this cold sweet treat and am wondering how the winter is going to affect my desire for this wonderful treat.
They have some great harder-to-find packaged items (melon bars - yes, please!), but they sold us a whole bagful of ROTTEN purple yams!!  What?!  We got home and started preparing them before we figured it out. GROSS.
Love this place. Went twice in 1 week. I took my friend and boyfriend they absolutely loved the reflexology. For the price I am thinking of going every couple weeks or so. Friendly staff as well.
Place was alright,attended a birthday party for one of my son's classmates. Thou I didn't pay, I saw their pricing and it was pretty reasonable.  The food is ordered out from Hungry Howie's but there is a snack bar with a limited selection of snacks.  The place reeked of sweat and feet.
Live right across the st and I've been in a few times.  Two of the guys that work there are a zero on the friendly scale.  Prices seem a little higher also.  Not a fan of this particular store, but on the plus side, easy in easy out.
simply a dump!
This had been my go to place for bagels for some time now. They have never disappointed me. The staff is always friendly and their coffee is really good too. My favorite is their vanilla hazelnut coffee. You won't be sorry!
Really good food.  Try the Chili Relleno.  Great patio day or nite.  Parking may be a little tite.
Great place with dishes that will blow your mind with the variety and depth of spices used. We ordered the tasting menu which I would highly recommend and the lamb had a combination of spices I have never tasted before. \n\nIf you are staying closer to downtown it is worth the trip out and is very easy via Metro.
Really like this establishment, the store carries a lot of beautiful guns, the gun range is nice, friendly staff.
This gay club had the most real raw energy of any I visited in LV.  Monday night used to be the bumpin' night since most locals work on the weekends in LV.
I really want to like this place but the service is awful. The staff consistently chat with each other or a buddy who is a customer while your food is waiting to be served or your drink refilled.  I have gone back three times hoping it will get better. They definitely need a  manager to direct the wait staff!
Large authentic Mexican food. However the food was just ok in my opinion. And the service is slow.
Ghetto white trashy bar. First time here and my car was broken into.
went downhill rather fast over the past 3 years, hard stale cold chips, extremely week Margaritas, but good waitstaff, very attentive. food not really cheap either.
Slow service, food was not worth the price...  Feels like I fell into a tourist trap.
This place blows like a con air. Lamest crowd/staff ever. Over priced drinks, bad music, bad vibe, bad location. AVOID!
Their regular pizza is par, but it's the Chicken and Buffalo Fries Pizza that I go back for.  The most amazing not-really-definable-as pizza I've had.
Ok hamburgers. Forget the pulled pork. Service goes from bearable to lousy.
Pitiful ingredients! The mushrooms came straight from the can and the heart clogging grease was not even hidden. How lazy can these guys be? It's waaay overpriced (9.00?!) for regurgitated hotdog meat.
This place is THE BEST!  The Seafood Salad is a MUST have!  All-you- can- eat for lunch is THE best deal in town. A great combo of food and service.
We really enjoy coming here. Our waitress Poom is so cordial and attentive with us!!\n\nThank you!!
Food tastes good enough. Way over priced. I tried the 1/3 lb bacon blue burger. I didn't taste any bacon. My kid's kid burger was devoid of any condiments. Even he complained. My $3 side of fries amounted to about 25 fries.
Got here last minute at 10:15 and asked if I could still get food. I was told they close at 9:00 and were only open till 10:30 on weekends. Either yelp has the hours wrong or they didn't want to serve a hungry customer. Won't be attempting to come back again.
Best croissant I've ever had. Amazingly cheap ice cream you can have.\nCoffee was great.
Kinda a love/hate relationship with McCarran.  You love it when you land, but you might also love it or hate it when you leave!!
Needed breakfast in a pinch and this place hits the spot. Pancakes fluffy, hash browns crisp and grits creamy. Coffee is good too. Would definitely come here again.
I returned several items and never received the credit.  I've called the manager several times to resolve the issue and he has not handled it at all - he wants me to bring in my credit card statements to prove I didn't receive the credit.  I will never shop again due to this policy!
Mom's favorite is the honey walnut shrimp and the food here is always fresh
Great happy hour offset with ridiculously overpriced non happy-hour alcoholic drinks ($8 for a little Strawberry margarita class, c'mon?). Sushi/california roll - eh, was decent. Stuffed shrimp was incredible. Not enough to get me to come back or recommend to friends.
First night we got there the room was not that much clean. It was obvious that  the cleaning was done hastily and poorly after the previous guest had left. The next day was a little bit better.
Good food, always a line out the door. Alittle pricey per dish that is why only 4 stars.
Looking for a new nail place, this was convenient. Very average job though. Got a pedicure. People not that friendly. Place looked average clean. I decided not to get nails done there and probably will not go back.
I don't know how many THOUSANDS of dollars I've spent here, but I simply cannot spend another 15 minutes in their drive-thru. It's just way too slow. This location is off my list.
I cannot speak highly enough of this restaurant. The chips are to die for, the salads and tortilla soup were awesome. To top it off, the service by our waitress TJ (Tammy J) was excellent as she made us feel like guests in her own home. We'll go back again anytime we visit Phoenix.
WOW, a lot of changes...for the worst! The burgers were terrible! We used to love Red Robin! Now it sucks! There is an apparent shortage of napkins and silverware as well! WTF?!?!?!
I love the vanilla malts (and they're huge), and our 14-year-old son loves the burgers. It's a fun spot, in the classic diner style, though it's only 10 years old.
i absolutely love this place,they bring around different types of brazillian meats on skewers,from chicken to steak to lamb.the ambience is upscale,its perfect for special occasions birthdays,anniversaries,etc......
Yummy food!  Decent service.  Great prices!  The only downside is the environment, something about the decor put me off a bit, but that wouldn't stop me from eating there again!
Not sure why the high reviews. Ordered a hot chocolate and the Bruge. The strawberries were mushy and over ripe. The hot chocolate was watery and had chunks of hard not edible looking pieces in it. The waffle itself was good though.
Great pasta and calzone.  The music was too loud but otherwise pleasant.  Kids meal is plentiful for $5 for pasta.
I just had the wings again at this place. It was for a lack of a better word, delicious!! It was moist, crispy and flavorful. Appetizers are half price (4pm-7pm) for happy hour. Hurry go grab some wings!!!!
Best of the best,  love everything here, service is the best and food is made with perfection and great entertainment!  Bring everyone here family and friends!
The free guacamole worked! Yippie!!! Starting off w a Bloody Mary.
I love Chompies. Their food is always good especially the latkes and the breakfast anything. They aren't very good at caramelizing onions but most of the time they get my order right.
It's not hard to get Nachos wrong, but they did. So disappointed in this Hickory Tavern. Came to watch football but could hardly hear anything over the outrageously loud crowd. Service was pretty bad as well.. Waited ten minutes just to get our check so we could go watch the game elsewhere.
This is already one of my favorite places in Vegas! I eat paleo, so grass-fed beef is very important to me. You can taste the difference!
Happy Halloween manicure by Christine. LOVE this salon. Was in hospital and rehabilitation and my manicure looked like new after 5 weeks except that my nails grew so much.
Eco electric has the best, most reliable, and most honest electricians around. They provide great service, give solid and reasonable prices, and do what they say they will. We love Eco electric! Highly recommended and we got a lot of quotes and did a lot of research in the Las Vegas valley.
Left 4 messages over 4 days, no return call, no return email.  I understand being busy however  I have to assume at this point that lack of customer service on the sales end is indicative of the quality of work performed.
No impressed, very old, dingy places. food was very dry. meat selection very limited, price very high. Great place if you like dining alone, not many customers here. service was very good, lots of employees hanging around with nothing to do...
I guess if you'd never seen the Atrium before the MGM got it hands on it you might be impressed. What an incredible downgrade. Nothing here that one couldn't find in the plant selection at home depot. Heart breaking at best.
Good joint! Great food! Crazy Karaoke! Service is ok. Won't say much with my experience there since I had watch and deal with drama. Lucky my Girl bought me a bottle of VSOP HENNESSY!!! but still got a buzz kill!!! Boooo!
It was extremely crowded when I went (EDC weekend). Hard to dance when there isn't any space at all.   Did the presale tickets so we didn't have to wait in line too long.
Above average BBQ at a resonable price.  Large portions.
It's a great weekend for all you \"foodies\" out there. Come on out to the Greek Festival this weekend, Friday-Sunday. I'll be manning the grill tonight down by the beer garden so come hang out, enjoy the music and stuff your faces with awesome Greek cuisine.
Didn't care to much for this place. Way over priced.
This was terrible. The custard tastes so artificial I could barely eat two bites. The Italian ice was so artificial and sweet, it tasted like food coloring and ice. Barf.\n\nLuv It is still the best in town.
Love this location!  I created NAKED SUSHI at Geisha House a few years ago and  I'm glad to see they kept it going since I left.  Food is great and the staff are very nice!
Waited 14 minutes after being seated for our order to be taken. Not a good start. Food arrived 22 minutes in. The shrimp spring rolls were not good, tasted old (we arrived at 10:30am, possibly made the prior day). The pho is salty, but that seems to be the trend, but it was not bad.
This place just sucks.. Avoid at all cost.. Do your self a great favor, dont come here, i told you so..
Nice atmosphere, friendly service. Terrible food. I ordered a club sandwich, daughter ordered a chicken sandwich, we got the exact same thing - chicken strips on a bun.\nAlso, they only take cash but you don't find that out till you go to pay :-(
Banana Shake and Seasoned Fries. \n\nStick with that and you are good to go!
Best dry cleaners in Scottsdale. Ask for Mike at the drive through. Tell him Stew sent you.
good times. we've got live music, lots of patio seating, there are parrots on view. upstairs bar and views. its a soft opening weekend, so give the servers some time to settle in.
We have been going to Ah So for years and have never had a bad experience.  The sushi is always fresh and tastes great.  The teppanyaki tables are always fun and they give you too much food.  \n\nStop on by and see for yourself.
The seats may be comfy and the pricing better than AMC but this particular Harkins patrons are kind of in the ghetto, really sticky floors and loudmouthed people every time we go here to try and enjoy a movie. Better off sticking to Chandler Fashion over this one.
Clean and open airport. Loved it!
I highly recommend puchasing a firearm from Merchant Firearms. Excellent communication, fast shipping, response quickly to any of your questions or concerns.
Although the servers were friendly enough, the kitchen was way too slow! I write this as I've been waiting 40 min for my dinner! Just heard they were out of many favorites too!!!
I've experienced better, the rice had no taste, we had like 5 waiters each one would either bring you something or just ask if everything is ok. I love Mexican food but being Puerto Rican I need my food to have flavor and spices and it was just bland. :-/
3.5 stars. Its good and consistent. Its not my favorite sushi place but my wife and daughter enjoy it and its conveniently located for us.
This is the closest convenience store near my house and I really like the staff here. They open up new registers as soon as they see the lines getting long and they're really helpful and friendly.
It is very pricey here. Just wanted some drinks and ended up spending mre than $40.00 omg. go to SF LV Superstore instead. I havent been there but a couple of my friends advise it us a much better and more fresh option.
its compped.. get some.. if not?  go elsewehre
Croissant wasn't that good. I like bouchon bakery croissant better. The red velvet taste like chocolate, but the presentation decor of each cupcake is amazing. \nMy fave is the fruit tart.
Purchased a new bulb from this company 6mos ago, the new bulb just blew again. what a rip off. I was told I have a 1year warranty when I purchased it. Now they're telling me its a pro-rated warranty. I'm taking my business else where!
I originally went to have a piercing done, the service was ok, I went today to buy a different piece if jewelry no one would wait on me some were outside having a smoke and the others were to busy having a personal conversation, I finally left and will never return. I guess they are doing so well they don't need to wait on people.
We had the breakfast buffet...nothing to write home about. I was not impressed, and expected better from the Bellagio.
Very very noisy ..... Did I mention it's very noisy ??? Almost have to yell just to speak to my wife who is sitting across from me... :-(
I like the food don't take me wrong is just the price, quantity n quality of the food don't seem to be equal, but nice place to have some fun with friends and family...
I hired  4 therapists to give the staff at my office chair massages. They were awesome. Prompt, courteous, and gave my staff an excellent experience. Would highly recommend.
Great flavors and toppings. You can even get a waffle cone. I'll be back for the blackberry flavor alone.
If you get the room at the right price, then the place is hard to beat. Great pool.... cool people staying there. Good restaurants...Nobu and Pink Taco.\nThe Spa is just like the ones in Budapest.... really nice, worth the extra $20.
Amazing! Candie is fantastic! She took her time with me, listened to what I wanted and gave me one of the best salon experiences yet! I am so happy with my hair and absolutely loved the salons atmosphere and staff! I will definitely be going back!
Had dinner here and was terribly disappointed after reading other yelp reviews. VERY tasteless and unispired Italian food. Meatballs & sausage were bland and mushy, salad was spring mix and blase' and the ravioli was doughy. ugh.  Won't be eating here again. Be warned.
Placed our order and within 5 minutes we were chowing down. Beef Pepper Steak &  Hot Garlic beef. Service was spot on. I would highly recommend this to any sit down and it could top any buffet on the north rest part of the valley.
I have always enjoyed going to hot and juicy but this time was Awesome!   Not only was the food great but our waitress Jessica and Aubree were on their game.  They were attentive, friendly and engaging.  They really made the whole experience great.  Way to go Jessica and Aubree!
Last time I eat here!!! \nMy husband picked up a to go order I called in didn't get the 2nd Mac n cheese for my kids.\nTotally ruined my birthday dinner
Amazing light show, great time for those fascinated with Christmas lights and animals!! \nI loved the light show they offered in the center of the pond. Lights dancing to the rhythm of the music, amazing!! Highly reccommended to those with kids or young siblings!! Would make a great family time!!
i love it here very contemporary compared to the bellagio and some of the other high end casinos. when i walk in i look around and feel like there's an age limit, 35 years and younger. i will be returning even if at the time i'm over 35 just to feel young and hip.
Good food. Excellent service. Little pricey for the quality, but the atmosphere totally makes up for that. Be prepared to share a meal. Huge servings!
Just the worst! Incoming freshman you are better off ordering a pizza or heading to hooters, hipotle, five guys or cafe Roma after the dining hall closes :P
$1 jello shots!!! yeah! 190 Octane and the other red one was really freaking strong!
Decent. The dishes are somewhat bland and seem to be not quite as authentic as I have had in the past. The curry was ok and the tikka masala, well Ive had better. The buffet is above average and as always the Naan was wonderful!
Cool spot. Nice location. Great food. Cheap mimosa's.
Best Mexican North of the border...freshly made guacamole-made to order.. delicious and deadly mango margaritas..Steak fajitas my fav...Great people watching from patio...
Their price was right and the service was excellent.  I had a small problem with my spare and they even followed me to a service station to make sure I got there safely.  Thanks Save Money.  5 stars!
No no no. Avoid this place it's just well located otherwise food sucks!
I dropped off my shirts and was told that they would be 1.85 which is comparable to the other cleaners.  When I picked up they had changed me 3.75 for one shirt.  Management didn't care, so I will be going elsewhere.
T&S did an excellent job on my car. Install was fast and very clean. I have had companies replace windshields previously, and they leave the car a mess.  No need to clean up after them. I would highly recommend them.
Thought I'd give it another try, hoping they'd made an effort to improve on their food.  They haven't!
My boyfriend and I went here for his sister's birthday. The place is just okay in my opinion, but he was not a fan and said the bathrooms were gross. Overall, not impressed and we probably won't be going back.
Terrible customer service, they close 10 mins early as customers are getting out and turn them away, spend your money anywhere else.
Decent place, cool atmosphere
Wonderful little nail place. The staff was very friendly and sweet. They did the delux pedicure and standard manicure for my friend and I. It was heaven!! They added the hot stone treatment for only $5! We were both impressed and will be back very soon!
The place smells of chocolate and full of it as well. Must I say anymore? Well, I guess so. Overall the products are delicious, and they have a nice selection of hot chocolate. Although, a little pricey.
Worst experience ever die up sells me for wax do the wax tell him to get VIP car wash don't even wash the interior didn't even wipe down the dashboard got no sense will never come back to this place
one word ! SNOBAR!!!
I love the deals I get here, but the mall is a bit run down.
good food, good drinks service was okay
I've been getting my oil changed at this location for the past three years. The staff has always been prompt, courteous, and quick to resolve any company policy issue that I may have.
This place is now CLOSED AND GONE!  I'm sad because i actually liked this place
The line to get in here is all crazy. There's like a MILLION different lines... Anyway. We finally got int and upstairs. Not a bad set up. I didn't get a chance to walk around the club much but from the top we could see everyone dancing so it was good people watching.
If you want burned pizzas, go here.  If you want to pay full price for an incomplete order, go here.  I wish I could have given them zero stars because even one star is too many!
Loved this place for lunch and a refreshing margarita. Excellent Mexican street style food.  Salsa was fresh.
Great selection, clean, and good prices.  Nice jewelry selection too.
The Midori Margaritas are amazing! We had the carne asada tacos. They were cooked to perfection!
Basic simple food, very inexpensive, but good. Great value. Bring cash, they don't take cards.
The food is really really good and is not very expensive.  I love hush puppies and they were probably the best I have ever had.  The burgers and sandwiches are all really good and the service is fantastic.  The only problem is that the place is small and the wait is usually long.
David shows great customer service! Very good experience for an accident i had nothing to do with!! A girl backed into me in a parking lot... Thanks Collision Authority!!
Rude people. Terrible food. We bought the buffet pass and had 24 hours to eat as much as we wanted! But since 2 of the buffets that counted towards our pass were closed and and the other was across town, that left Planet Hollywood. We ate there twice and couldn't go back.
The food was delicious, but they were closing a few days after and had a very limited amount of items left so it was hard finding something I wanted to order and look on the list and find out they ran out of it. I ended up getting the cinnamon apple French toast and it was really good, but not worth 14.75
This is on the Oyster house...use to be great. Tonight empty, sat at bar and ordered steam clams and main course. After 40 minutes, threw $20 bucks on counter to cover cheap house wine and left. Wow, shocked how bad this place got.
A great place with impossible parking.  Just  a minor hurdle on my way to a cute neighborhood hang out place in a neighborhood that I don't live in.  \n\nGood sandwich, better pizzas and best vibe for a little cafe-like place in Phoenix.
Wow!  Easy ordering for big groups (do it here on yelp!) and delicious.  Worth every penny.  Large drink = 2 cans of soda.
The service was great, the food was amazing! Heirloom tomato BLT and locally grown sweet corn. Wonderful!
Decent Mexican food.  Easy split checks.  Good for larger lunch groups.
Food..... Ugh\nThey should pay us to eat there.\nGreat place to watch a game ... Just eat before you go.  :(\nI hate wasting money on terrible food!
Here is the proof...one photo tells all.  Don't stay here unless you don't like sleep.   I will say that after three nights of no sleep they are moving us to a new room.  So, a bit of redemption.
Of all the Lodges, this one has the best bartenders and servers. All others have left a bad taste in my mouth. This location is awesome and will recommended to anyone.
Make sure you eat the whole wheat salmon with sprouts
View is amazing. Service was 4 star and food and pricing were 2 star. We had angel hair pesto with chicken for $28.00 and pasta was overlooked and just ok. Service was great though so overall with the view was nice
Awesome place...fantastic food! This is the best Pita Jungle yet! One suggestion...the happy hour is from 3-5pm. That's great if you're a high school student or unemployed...however, if you're neither of the previous, their happy hour doesn't suit you well.
So friendly and helpful! Ask as many questions as u like, they love to share there kbowledge
What can you say? Its a Hooters. Do you really come for the Wings and Beer?
Love Phoenix's Metro Light Rail.  Quick, easy, convenient, & good price.  Much easier than trying to park down town, cheaper than gas, & fun to covers with fellow Phoenicians.  Can't wait for the extensions to be built in Mesa & Phoenix! =)
My favorite place to pick up Chinese food anywhere in Vegas, they know how to do it right
Food was really good. But the service was really bad   We waited 20minutes at the table before anybody even said anything.  And the person that final said something was a witness that had just got back from lunch and nobody was covering her tables for her. Unfortunately for us we were setting at her table.
I am a regular Wed .99\u00a2 chicken tacos. But answer your dam phone. I would give you five stars but I can get you too pick up the phone to place a take out order at 4 in the morning. WTH I dont get it. When I arrived there were only two tables of customers.
Great coffee (watch out for high cream levels out of there quick despenser) and good breakfast (can be a bit more expensive than the competition) this location gets very busy and the service can be subpar at times.  I suspect demanding clientel may ware on the staff here.
I've never had such a bad experience with Indian food.  The food was serve on a metal tray like the one in prisons, its terrible and it is rediculousy expensive for the qaulity and portion.  Unbelievable!!!  Spend your money elsewhere.
love the freshness of the ingredients - makes it a weekly trip for me!\nthe desserts are my favorite though - the burritos are overstuffed so I have never actually eaten a whole burritos yet!
$20 credit card minimum? EFF YOU\n\nThe customer service sucks, they tried really hard to make us pay for their mistake\n\nOnly reason it gets a 2 stars is because I enjoyed their salt and pepper pork and fried rice. All other items are laughable.
Wow. Ordered 3 dishes - all great. Blueberry muffins and the press tuna sandwich is to die for. I'm digging this place - perhaps my top 3 breakfast joint worldwide.
These guys do great work. Its quick service a fair price. My poor little s3 is now good as new. Recommend them if you want a no hassle experience. Keep it up fellas.
Quickly becoming one of my go-tos, but beer selections are continuing to fall flat. Date night is not quite as enjoyable when my Cab is more manly than the beer the fianc\u00e9 has to drink.
Love their adult milkshakes otherwise this bar is subpar. The atmosphere is like any other bar on saddlebag trail with a lot of speakers.
Very nice people, especially the owner. However, their demeanor is a little too casual for the restaurant's ambience. \n\nI've had the mushroom pizza 3-4 times and don't think there a reason to take my chances with anything else. It's great.
I love Costa Vida! The food is amazing and the employees at this location are really friendly. There is something on the menu to fit whatever mood you're in and there are so many ways you can switch it up. Different sauces, meats, beans, dressing etc. I will NEVER get sick of eating there.
i have not been here in a while but when i did go the food was rather good not too expensive at all i would return to this location
Bad customer service. They don't greet you the right way , they act as if you're taking forever to order. Oh and the drive thru. Yeah it pretty much sucks. They need a new speaker. Food is great. People there are just horrible!
Ordered a Gilled Italian with \"NO Tomatoes\" to go as a suggestion from one of 8 people behind the counter. Didn't realize till I got home it was something totally different.  Food is just so-so.  I prefer paradise I think.
I really liked getting my pedicure here. The venue was very nice and clean. It was a much better pedicure than another I got at a \"luxury\" spa place for a lot more money. \n\nI'll definitely come back here and bring my daughter with me next time.
Horrible customer service and food really wasn't that great!
Tasty ice cream but lack of seating and over the top poor service gives you 2 stars pink berry.
Love this place!! amazing food. always fast take put. the chicken pasta with lemon vinegarette is my favorite!!
I went with my mom to lux bar , very clean , very nice people , they did an awesom job on my moms nails & toes . Never seen a nail salon like this before .
Food is good as always. Mens bathroom was horrible. If I had not already ordered I would have walked out..
The complimentary chips come with 4 dips, a bean, sour cream, salsa, and green chili. Nice touch versus the usual chips and salsa. \nI ordered the chicken fajitas. The rice was a little soggy, but everything else was good.
For airport food you can't go wrong with chili's! Limited menu but good selections. Good place to pass the time while waiting at the airport which lets face it is always a drag. Mushroom swiss burger was juicy and fresh.
Very classy, very high end, very expensive.\n\nThis is the type of place you go to for the experience... at least once.  Be ready to pay for it though.
By far THE best cucumber martini around. Very light & fresh. The only thing that would make it better is if they would put a thin slice of cucumber on top instead of a wedge of lime.
I love feeling like a queen for the day. One tech at my feet, one doing my nails.  And I definitly recommend getting gel nails.  It looks great and lasts long.
I have been dying to come here during my last few visits to the Wynn. There is a long wait for Red 8 but the food is good and the prices aren't bad. It is an above average Chinese restaurant as far as quality and ambiance.
Been here about 7 times over the last year and there retarded ... I dont know how many grades it takes to pass to throw in hot fries and the right sauces when you order a 7 dollar meal ... avoid this place like the plague ..
I too am giving this place a 1 because I can not give a zero! Horrible service and mediocre food that was over priced. The waitress was awful and clueless. The only thing positive I have to say is that the band was great!
Great service from Sherry! She helped me out a lot with finding the right matress for my daughters new loft bed and I got a great deal!!!
Too spicy, too not... I wish I could find a middle ground for it all.  All the rum in the world cannot the essence of Jamaican flare for food.  Eating in the bar is for the brave only, as you will be tossed and turned while eating.  Plan ahead on a weekend and make a reservation.
Ummmm.... yummy. Happy to find a little bit of korean food here... :9\n\nI ordered the korean rice cakes, and sake bomb!! \n\nIm so happy they are open late!\n\nService was excellent!! :)
Went to the ARIA for the WPT500. Overall experience was very good. Excellent restaurants and staff.
Sensory overload is the only way to describe this area.\n\nIn the evenings, there are many concerts going on, and people dressed up in costumes.\n\nBring your camera.
Weird show. Rather than focus on the incredible acrobatic feats that were being performed, the spot light was on giant mascot pandas rolling around like Chris Farley in his Chippendales skit. If I had paid for this show, I would have asked for my money back.
Best pancakes ever..Red Velvets are a must !
the best ramen place here in Vegas almost as close to Ezogiku back home in Hawaii Nei.
I have been here several times.   This was once a good stop in the South Hills. Seems to be moving in the wrong direction. The food was just okay. The place needs a make over.  The atmosphere is not great.  Needs a good cleaning.  There was food on the wall in my booth.
Wonderful staff.  Always friendly.  They remember you and are genuinely concerned for you. I even get calls to follow up on how I was feeling.
Followed other yelpers and had the ribs, salad and baked potato soup. Ribs were a huge hit. Baked potato soup was delicious and very filling. Croissant was also delicious. The service was awesome. Your cup will never be empty!
I keep trying this place once a year and I never learn my lesson. Not good Italian food. Just go for a sandwich or burger. Tonight on 10/7/13 our server was poor. Prices have gone up too. Why???  Again just go for a sandwich.
Can't even get anyone on the phone. Left two messages - still no call back. Guess I'll be spending my money elsewhere!
Great service !  I tried the pesto sachettini for the first time and it was delicious! Dipped my baguette with the pesto sauce left on my plate! The Iced chai tea is great as always ,actually taste better than I remembered !
As someone who works in the medical feild, I would NEVER refer here after my experience.
Ok food but very poor service. They do not care. I would not even want to give one star. Not recommend!
I would give this place an eek methinks not except for the fact that they have such great stuff, but a no return policy...none at all, prevents me from ever going again.
My first visit here was a great!  The second was so-so.  This time we had to eat on the back patio. There were like a lot of flies were buzzing around the food.  Also seemed a little dated.
This place is great. Eat dessert, get a drink, and smoke some Hookah. Classy place, upscale feel, and a variety of options.
I festival dedicated to Ostriches and only two Ostriches, really?  This was a typical fair.  Over crowded with middle and high schooler's, people bumping into you, long ass lines and breathing in dirt.  Why anyone would think this would be fun is beyond me.
Stopped in to get some information on labels I was making for a project I was working on. The clerk at the service counter was very knowledgeable and helpful. I will take all my printing and office needs to the Max from now on.
Sal\u00fad is a welcome addition to the neighborhood, especially across from my favorite yoga studio. The staff was very helpful and blended my juice fresh for me, which I appreciated. I am looking forward to returning soon!
Not very impressed.  For the price and location, I was expecting A LOT more.
My personal opinion was it was a bad place to eat. The bill was high priced. The food was very greasy and my burrito had greasy meat with no flavor rice. The salsa and the cokes were the only good parts of the restaurant.
Hands down best steak (ribeye) I've ever ever had. Nice seasoning and aged steak. Try garlic sauteed wild mushrooms and potato gratin. Yummy. Wish I was eating it right now.. Drool...
Came in on a Friday night very busy but we were SAT quickly. Our waitress was very kind attentive and fast. I didn't like my burger and it was swapped without a problem,  then when it was ready and manager brought it out to me and made sure I was very happy. The customer service was amazing!!
I thought the sandwich was somewhat overpriced for the amount of turkey and condiments added. The turkey appeared  processed and slices were not fresh cut. That's my opinion anyway I probably will find a different deli instead next time!
Sadly it was really boring. And way to easy! I wanted to feel like I really figured out who did it!
Average food ., overpriced ... But friendly staff
Not aweful and a strong step above a corporate chain but very hard to compare to the other stellar options in the area.  If you like a baked omelet this is your place!
Love this place, I've been coming for years and the same family has been here since I can remember which means their food is just as good today. Cheese steaks are great and make sure you get the grilled peppers!
Ordered a chicken burrito here on Friday, June 28th.  Onset of FOOD POISONING was swift and severe.  Spent Saturday pretty much bed-ridden.
This place has a good vibe . Opens late and it's nice for a slow and nice conversation with people you wanna catch up with .
the best in az
Im a big fan of this place, its simple, but perfectly executed. The sausage pizza is great. Anytime friends and family come to visit I always take them here. Its a safe choice
I hate to write such a blah review, but I was really disappointed with the drunk bread. It really was nothing special and without being drunk, totally avoidable. While the Patio is really quite nice, I don't see any other reason to go.
Very similar to another reviewer, I spoke with their front office almost 3 weeks ago looking for a quote and have yet to receive a call back. I understand that a delay is possible but letting the client know upfront would be appreciated. The rating is not for work done as I cant even get a call back
What a lucky find! through Yelp!   Wanted comfort food and came to the right place. Good food and reasonable prices with lots of hospitality.  I'll stop by again when in Las Vegas!!
Concord Mills is exactly like every other ginormous outlet maze mall torture chamber. Exactly. Exactly.
Great service and atmosphere. The food and drinks are way overpriced though. If you like your Mexican food mild to bland, this is the place for you.
Went here with my Girlfriend and let me tell you that first off the Customer Service was GREAT ! I mean they was on point.... The food was Great also and I highly recommend.
Huge selection, decent customer service. No complaints but it seemed just like any other big name beer/wine store..
I thought Grayhawk Golf Club had good sliders...this place takes the prize.  They are true angus beef baby!  Nice bar and outdoor patio area.  Watched the NCAA playoffs their (UA)...Great spot...not too crowded mixed with good company...just right!!
I can't say anything about living here because I will NEVER move in here. I was looking for an apartment and the sales lady was extremely rude. Also, beware that the prices they email you and the prices the sales person will give you will be different!
Unbelievable Pork Shoulder Tacos & the Tableside Guacamole is out of this world. I have recommended this restaurant to many of my foodie friends & they have all raved about it. Going back tonite for my third time.......Yay!!
If there was anything I could bring back to the east coast with me it would have been Earl of Sandwich. Toasty and delicious.  The bread really makes it.\n\nI had a bacon, egg and cheddar breakfast sandwich and my fella had the turkey club sandwich.  SO GOOD.
Sorry got this place mixed up with livin juicy. Trying to figure out how to delete the review.
Pretty lame. It's far away from the strip and outdated. No cool shops and no good places to eat, but if you're into thrill rides and a cool view, you should check it out.
Wow the short ribs were amazing!!! And the strawberry wine was not bad either...lol
Had Kanpachi, tobiko and halibut, and it was fresh, not fishy tasting. Nothing outstanding or fancy but definitely pleasant. The server was really nice, too.\n\nThe dragon/crystal boa on the wall is disturbing and you either look at that or the casino.
Every time I've been to this Denny's the service is horrible. I tried it a few times because the first time I went was later in the night so I thought if give it another shot but every time I've gone nothing has changed.
Great space. Low end art.
Great food. Absolutely HORRIBLE service, actually brought wrong food, didn't bring drinks at all, didn't fill waters even once, didn't clear dishes and didn't bring check.  They were not busy, the waiter just wanted to talk with his friends,  As my people say, NEVER AGAIN!
Excited to try Toby Keith's for the first time. It was during happy hour which was pretty slow and ended up with horrible, slow service. Bartender walked by without making eye contact numerous times while we waited to order. Finally left and headed for Gordon Biersch to try their happy hour which ended up having Fabulous Service!!
Chef Jeff does an amazing and consistent job!  Enjoy each visit and look forward to every meal. Atmosphere is fun with beautiful views. Great place to take visitors.
I like to stop in here now and again since its so close to home. Good service and a really fun selection of gelato. Shares the building with coffee shop Hava Java next door. Nice private outdoor, shaded, seating as well. Good overall, but three stars for an previous issue with some spoiled gelato.
Excellent food and amazing service. You want a family run owned real Italian meal. This is the place to come!!!! Love!
Best crepes in Vegas.
Actually better than good, this is the new one across 215 from Costco.  Have eaten several times at Centennial and is also good.    The only problem was when i got home it was the wrong order, chicken vs beef teriyaki.
food is ok. meet is good. nice environment to hang out with friends.
Yum. Great cherry limeade and banana shake. Tater tots were super hot, which I love. Service was quick and friendly.
I had been here once before about a year ago and remember it being pretty good.  However, I went in a few days ago to get take out and was highly disappointed.  The hostess/cashier was incredibly unfriendly and the food wasn't good at all (and went right through me too!).  Will not be going there again.
Beautiful decor. Great place for a group or date. Food was delicious. Apps especially. Order the French Fries! They were some of the best ice I've ever had.
Sat at the bar and had dinner.  Great food.  Will be back soon!
Spanks tbell all day. Their hot sauce is actually hot and ya can't beat the prices ;)
Went last night. Friendly servers, food is fair. For the price  there are better restaurants. Everything over seasoned and  not even a piece of bread while waiting.
Gold Coast Bowling Alley Bar til 3am . $2 shots . $3 well drinks . $1 bowling after midnight per game . Nice bartenders & a fun time .
This coffee shop is fantastic.  I have been a customer for years.  They are at least twice as fast as other coffee shops and the customer service is top notch.  The reason I kept coming back when I originally found this place was the smiling faces and how well I was treated.  I can't say enough about Moka or their friendly staff.
Great food here. They are fast and give you a good portion of food. The general tso chicken is awesome!
Lamb Tandoori burger!  That's all you need to know!
Food is so-so.  Watch out they'll over charge you if you are drunk. Good view of the LV Strip.
The owner Nicole is a sweetheart! This is a very cozy, family-oriented space filled with healthful and all sorts of sweet selections. I would choose to come here over any other shop out there!
I rode this shuttle to Vegas for less than a $100. The driver was courteous and well-trained,  and pointed out scenery and landmarks along the way. It ran on time, and was clean and comfortable. I will definitely use them again.
Didn't have a lot to compare to, but it worked fine for a quick breakfast to take on the train. Had the traditional cornish beef pasty. Served hot and fresh. Nice for a quick grab and carry. Can we bring one of these back to the states?
They did not even get the car clean. The windows still had stains and the lowers panels weren't even touched! The back seats were still covered in dust and stains. Never going back!
First rate French baked goods and bread. Melt-in-your-mouth croissants.  Beautiful tarts, sandwiches, coffee, jams, pates. Yummmmm.
5 Stars for the Pool Area, best spot in the area! Must check out if you're a tourist and spend a day relaxing.
Has anyone else noticed this place went from 4 stars to 2?! Believe me it's with good reason! There's ALWAYS some issue!\nAnd yes taking 2 hours for delivery is a bit much for food that's average at best- plus the good is always missing stuff :( DONE
We need a place like this in town. Seafood is flown in every day-ish and the staff is awesome. If you can, ask for Matthew. Great personality and will help you figure out how to find the meat in a blue crab!!
ordered a Rueben sandwich and they microwaved the meat and kraut, pathetic excuse for a NY Deli.
Good flavorful food, long wait for food to get done, myself and two kids, above the \"average price\"
I like the food here. The Bar is definitely the best place to sit. The bartender are extremely nice. They get the food out quickly and make great recommendations.
The food was fine . I went to this restaurant several times but last time Was very bad because the server does not know how to deal good with costumers
Had our PodcampAZ pre-party here. A great space which can conform to whatever you might need it for. And you can work there for a nominal fee. I love the co-working concept, and hope it continues to spread throughout the valley.
I order meds all the time from Roadrunner and love them.  The are always friendly on the phone and meds arrive promptly.
not too great; wasn't spicy
Out of pure convenience would I ever eat at a chain restaurant for breakfast but for that factor alone IHOP will suffice. Nothing seems to have an overly personal touch, however like some have quoted before its pretty quick great hangover food.
I had a horrible service and a bad experience very similar to the other reviewers. \n\nVery unprofessional and not sure if they have any clues as to what they are doing. \n\nDo yourself a big big favor and do NOT use them. It'll save you some headache.
Slow and lazy people. Took 3 hours with appointment to change the tires. Wheels were not torqued to correct specs, thanks god and I didn't get into accident.
Good selection.  Really surprised at the cost of the Las Vegas charm ($175!) compared to the usual $40-$80.  Their credit card machine wouldn't accept our out-of-state debit card.  Had to go to the ATM to pull out cash.
Horrible service!  Don't waste your time.  Called several times and yet to ever get a ride.  They have you wait hours only to tell you they can't ride you. Last night happen twice.  And once each of the last 2 weeks.  Never again
Best Thai food I've ever had. Try the Northern Thai menu...it's very different from typical Thai fare. \n\nGreat Service. Convenient Location, even if you need to take a cab. \n\nDefinitely worth going.
The atmosphere was pleasant.  The selection was good.  The tuna and salmon nigiri wasnt the best I have tasted.  It just seemed a bit unfresh.  The service was good.  I probably wouldnt go back anytime soon because its would be a long drive from Surprise but if I was in the neighborhood I may drop by.
\"Rapida atenci\u00f3n, la comida deliciosa. \u00c9l gyro tradicional y \u00e9l grilled chicken...yummy\" Volvere pronto :p
pretty good but not amazing, probably best surprise has to offer for mexican food
McDonalds inside the Luxor food court. All the food was over priced vs typical McDonalds. The fries were soggy and limp instead of their usual golden cripsyness.
Awesome little spot. Great drink specials, talkative and friendly dancers, $5 table dances, $10 booth dances, $25 VIP, and to top it off $5 you-call-its
Filibertos a d Taco Bell are WAY better!  Del Taco (in my opinion) is amingst the weakest (if not the weakest) of fast food Mexican.  Just sayin!
Went for Vinnie Favorito, seems like this place might be on the upswing.  Still is old-Strip, but not a bad place to be overall.
This is a horrible institution. They charge non account holders a $10.00 fee to cash a check drawn on their account. They call it a \"processing fee\". What have we come to? This is INSANE!!!
We did not have a good experience there.  Contrary to what the Saturn company is supposed to stand for, the salesman we worked with was extremely pushy (even for a used car salesman).  We won't go back.
The display was great. That's why I wanted to try. But the taste is totally awful. The pepperoni pretzel doesn't even taste like pretzel. Oily and tasteless.  It tasted like uncooked dough. Totally a waste of money.
I was on a trip to Vegas and stayed at the hotel close to it, me and my mom wanted to get our nails done we walked in and they told us to wait 30min and their was like one person getting their nails done so I don't understand the wait? So we simply left
This place is dumb.  Large, overpriced, mediocre food and drinks.  I won't be back.
An excellent free museum. Varied displays, and great for kids and families. Equally great for escaping the elements outside. I can also say (from personal experience) that the upstairs cafe serves fine chocolate cake!
This is burger done right. Did the Burner burger. Actually spicy and the Ghostbuster sauce was hot too. GF did the Rattlecan and loved that one too. Come get some.
Justin did a fantastic job in cleaning my carpets at Benchmark printing. Our carpets take a beating with paper dust and ink. He came in and within 2 hours they were looking brand new again. I would definately recommend Elite Floor & Furniture Cleaning.
Sushi was alright not the best i've tasted but good enough.
Thought they threw down a good Filet (but not incredible). However, the seafood platter was ridiculous (oysters, crab legs, lobster, etc...). It's worth coming for the seafood platter - that's about it.
Chicken andouille sausage with onions and peppers was pretty tasty, just enough spiciness to it. I could barely tell it was chicken by the smokey flavor it had. I also liked the fresh, soft poppy seed onion roll. Their condiment bar is heavily lacking, though.
This pizza is by far the best pizza that I've tasted. It's prepared with a really fresh ingredients and it is a little pricey but you're paying for the quality. I recommend this to everyone! If you have not ate here before you are missing out. The best part about it is that they deliver.
I keep trying them but each time their chicken is so dry!  They do have great customer service.....but I can't go for just that.
A Sbarro by any other name ... Located in the Las Vegas MGM Grand, I was expecting above average Italian fare. I think my $4 soda was the best part of the meal. Garlic knots were okay. Pepperoni Stomboli? Meh.
I've been back twice since I wrote this review.  Same great food; same great music.  I can't recommend this place highly enough.
This place else mediocre at best and there are plenty of passable Asian fusion places around. If you're thinking about it, pass.
We went here for dinner Thanksgiving Day with a party of 12. Our waitress was really nice and super accommodating. I got chicken and waffles. Pretty yummy. Portions are epic here. No one was able to finish their dish. You definitely get your money's worth.
I thought I blew this time-share acquisition until the Cosmo was built! Now I love staying here and using the Cosmo \"facilities\" at a discount rate...
Why I loved Firefly\n1. Awesome Tapas\n2. Good atmosphere\n3. Very reasonable for Las Vegas ($30 per person including drinks)
Great fun for an afternoons entertainment with a group of friends. This was my 1st Karting experience but I will be back!
I think the poor reviews about the kitchen running out of food had much to do with the owner saving money on keeping inventory low, a last ditch effort to save money before closing their doors. We much prefer Bayrischer over Haus Murphy for food and drink quality, as well as service. A real shame they closed.
The people at this store are the best.  They are helpful, knowledgable, and generous with their time.  We go here all the time.  Yeah Healthy Tails!
Excellent pizza, not so crazy about the crepes (minus the dessert one with gnutella).  Hopping spot on the weekends, make sure you are not going on a gallery crawl night or be prepared for a 2+ hour wait.  Sadly no reservations.  Good beer list and service.
Awesome...authentic street food. Pazole took me back!!!
Definitely not NY pizza...I'm disappointed they actually call themselves  NYPD.   U want real NY pizza go to momma Mia or venezias.
Can't believe how bad the service has been at this particular Sheraton!!! Nickel and dining you for everything!!!! We'll never stay here again!!!
Decent food
Best tasting coffee in Phoenix and their homemade quiche, coffee cake, scones, ect....is all so yummy. I have been going their for years and just realized they have breakfast sandwiches, I can't wait to try one!
Came here looking for an Ameriflex angle stop washer for my toilet but they didn't have it.  I said that I purchased some about 4 years ago from here, but The person that helped me said their supplier no longer carries it.  Disappointed.  I thought this was a plumbing supply store.
Great building. Great views . Great atmosphere. Great location. The only reason its a 1 star is because of the management in this building. Its horrible. Very rude and not polite. I have been living here for a year now and cant wait to leave. Other high rises you should check out is Turnberry towers and Panorama. Stay away.
My wife and I moved to Las Vegas about a year ago and are fortunate to have found this place. Alison, Mike and Dee are great. Nice environment, friendly staff and good service. I would recommend this place for anyone with dental phobias or anxiety.
Wow... To have the same name of a great restaurant and deliver an experience that is subpar to say the least is an incredible let down. Expensive, cold and just disappointing.
The food was pretty good, but the service is horrible, and VERY VERY VERY VERY SLOW!!!!!!!
Cheaper then KFC and tastes better in my book.
The mac'n cheese was really lacking flavour. The Texas BBQ beans and brisket were excellent. The chicken a bit dry. And they dont give you enough sauce!!
Fresh fruit isn't 'fresh'. I've eaten here a few times & something is off. Doesn't seem as fresh.
Went here for my birthday dinner. Food was beautiful, staff were friendly and more than accommodating. A very enjoyable dinner.
Great breakfast, really good menu. Service was good too.
I went to the one at the old port. I had the thin pizza as an appetizer and the sausages for dinner. The food wasn't very good, I don't think I will go here again. The service was decent and the atmosphere is typical pub. I think there are many other places to go that have better food.
Great food -- it's a chain, so no surprises here -- but the drive thru line is always slow.
Wonderful food. Great service. Awesome Irish live music and Irish step dancer. Super atmosphere. Will come again!
It was alright not the best and one of the staff members had a pretty poor attitude for the morning, when I get my coffee I expect friendly people in the mornings kinda puts a damper on the day when someone is a sourpuss. But the coffee is pretty good I would buy their wine over the coffee though.
Friday night $2 drafts and some tasty wings...Always a good time here. Friendly staff. It is in a good spot, but go early for a parking place. For football this is a great place to go.
WOW!  This place is awesome!  I thought the store would have stuff from garage sales but I was wrong.  The inventory they had was incredible.  High end, unique and everything looks new.  This is the place to go if you're a basic cook or a great chef.  i couldn't believe it.  They have it all.
The service here was fine.  The food came out faster than I remember in the past.\n\nI think Carl's Jr food is something you have to acquire a taste for.  I never have.
Simple sweet little course. Expansive views of the LV Strip.
2 stars. Only cause the drink prices are good.
Yeah!  Rock on rentertainment.  It's the only home-video option in C-U for the non-brain dead crowd.  Documentaries, foreign and indie films, anime - lots of great stuff.
Just average and uninspiring.  When Palone's first opened, under original ownership, their pizza blew Lorenzo's away. Sadly the last owners ran Palone's into tge ground leaving Lorenzo's as the closest non-chain pizza place. My kids prefer Domino's and I tend to agree.
The flatbread pizzas were very excellent.  I got breakfast from this restaurant for room service a few times, and they were good.  The steaks were so-so, but the eggs were cooked well and the bagels were decent considering they weren't fresh baked (like from a bagel joint).
What a great experience!  The service was great, the food was great.  It's not even that expensive.  So happy that we decided to have breakfast here.  I didn't want to leave!
Had some drinks waiting for the nude girls across the street to get on stage.Pretty OK place!
Just went to happy hr today and got a new waitress she gave the worst service and when I complained to the manager he sided with her without even offering an apology with so many places uptown to enjoy happy hr,i will never go there again
Dental Appointment at 2pm (4 hours before I have to be at work) In the office for 3 hours. Work a 14 hour shift. #NoProblems \n\nWouldn't be possible without Desert Springs Dental Care and the gentle hands of Dr. Poremba
This is by far the worst steakhouse! We ordered the filet and the Wagyu steak both over cooked had to send back 1/2 hour later still waiting. Waiter nor manger has come by to offer anything. Not good service. Never coming back!!
This is a Starbuck's located inside Von's. It is owned and managed by Von's.\n  Plenty of help and seats.\n  Very convenient for a caffeine boost  when I patronize this Von's or I am headed southeast.
Love this place, from the ambiance to the walnut soup accompanied by gorgeous bread with soft butter.  My favorite place on the East side!
Good food. Friendly staff. Memorabilia wasn't that great - my teenage daughter had never heard of most of them. \nTip: Kids eat free sometimes, but you have to ask your server about it.
Cuteology Cakes created an AMAZING diving themed cake for my husband's 30th birthday. Alyssa was awesome with coming up with ideas and making a cake that was beyond what I even dreamed! I was so in love with it. Plus, it tasted every bit as good as it looked!
It's exactly what you would expect from a \"mexican\" fast food chain. I only use the drive-thru and its always quick and the order correct. \nNext time you need yummy and quick give them a try.
The worst gyro we ever had. Bad service. Very dirty place. Gross bathrooms. Use to be a good place before, not anymore. Stay away...
Great food, cool atmosphere, nice waitstaff, two can eat and drink themselves silly for under $100. One of my favorite spots downtown.
Definitely a fan.\n\nThe food was above average for an excellent price.\n\nI was confused on where it was, but it is in the casino/resort.\n\nGo to the back......... park..... enter and eat.
A State agency.  I have worked for 4 agencies and this is one of the best.  Caring and compassionate management and friendly coworkers.
I'm 6 feet 2 inches and weigh 275 pounds and a whisky drinker. That 190 octane slush with the extra shot had me feeling super nice.
Worst vegas experience I have ever had!! The entire casino went down and would not let me cash out. Hundreds of angry gamblers last week. Had to wait two and a half hours to be manually paid out on my machine. Ordered a rollaway bed...took another 2 hours. Never again!
Nothing great. Worst breakfast potatoes I ever had.  Bagel came a good 15 minutes before the rest of our meal.  Not the freshest bagel either.   Would not return.  There are much better breakfast places in  Montreal.
The elevators freaked me out a little since they ride at an angle; otherwise this was a nice clean place to stay.  Love that I can go from Luxor to Mandalay Bay inside.
Ive been to this place many times. Pete the owner knows his greek food. Coming from a greek . This food is good! Also the dinner portions are huge!!
great tapas, good wine, ambiance is very warming...\n\nrecommend; lobster canelloni, gnocchis...\n\ni dont like pasta and those were killer tapas
Similar menu to Bouchon in the Venetian but not quite Bouchon quality ( but very close). Had an amazing meal with a great view of the strip. Fris\u00e9e salad, mussels, baked goat cheese, shrimp cocktail, stiff cocktails and reasonably priced!
my first pick for all first time visitors  to vegas
Interesting boutique but features women's clothes for an older, richer woman. Some interesting accessories, but I preferred their sister boutique, Razberry at 1841 St. Catherine.
Worst place here. I wanted to go to a buffet and food was cold. The entire floor is trashed food everywhere. Restrooms are filthy toilet paper and paper towels trailed to the sitting area. I will not be returning here.
Rude cashier. So angry...should have gotten her name.  Will I go back?  OF course... That is one thing about these type of biz... people will return because of deals.
I found this place on Yelp. Being on a mostly-vegetable diet, I was intrigued by the reviews. After my first visit today, my wife and I have determined that this will be our weekly vegetable shopping place. Awesome prices!
They draw quite a crowd for a pay for view event, but they do not have the capacity to serve this size of crowd.  Required to spend a specified amount on food, but waited over 1 hour to place order.  Then waited 1 hour and 20 minutes for food to come.  Gratuity automatically added to bill, despite lack of service!
Messed up on all three things I ordered and they didn't care, when I mentioned it.
First time here! Food is good and customer service very good! Price is good! Love it!
I like the fact that the karate classes are structured so that they cater to beginners as well as to kids with advanced belts. Some of the belt requirements are even posted on the group's website! I also am impressed with YCOA's emphasis on self-defense in case kids get approached by strangers who wish to do them harm.
Great burgers made with REAL BEEF, fast & friendly service.
We're tourists & this was a great find. The service was excellent, the atmosphere fun, and Mexican food the way we like it--lots of choices & the right amount of spice. We'll be back.
It's a smooth ride. It sometimes eliminates the need to transfer buses and the waiting that entails. It runs frequently and it runs early until late, beyond Valley Metro bus service. \nStill it's pretty slow and I think the money could have been better used to extend and increase route service throughout the valley.
The place is over rated, the pabellon is not that great. The rice is dry and the prices are too much for the food I get. I was expecting more... Meh!
Very decent buffet with wide range of variety. You can find everything from crab legs to prime rib, flan and crepes. I must highlight the server lady for her excellent service despite the demand from dinner crowd. All in all, we like it, worth your money.
Ok crowd. Good place to see concerts. But stupid expensive drinks and the bartenders do not give very good service. I've downgraded this place to only a concert stop. And only then if there is nothing else going on.
Fun place...Fried chicken was the bomb.  Ribs had good flavor but not very meaty.  Knish was yummy....\n\nBread pudding was ehhhh...\n\nVery good service though, super nice.
I give it 1star because the crab cakes were horrible and smelt nasty & tasted disgusting.the waitress said it was normal but how! please fix.
I had a yellow cab driver almost run me over at the airport this morning. Not only do 1/2 scam you, they are also some of the rudest cabbies in town. It's no wonder companies like Uber are taking over their business.
Greasy food, and even if you tell them to hold the cheese they slather on the disgusting cheese sauce.  Maize is much better.
Breakfast here was great!  Highly recommend it!  Seeing what the rest of Scottsdale has to offer, I was disappointed that they didn't serve dinner.
Tried this place right after we moved into the area and it's amazing! Everything we have tried is delicious. Staff is friendly and very prompt. It can be busy because of the happy hour but you'r never left feeling forgotten. Great atmosphere and just over all great restaurant. My husband and I will definitely continue going to rid restaurant!!
Was disappointed to find that it was not even open during their business hours. We arrived at 5 after 8, and waited 20 minutes and still it was not open. If 0 stars was an option, that's what I'd be rating. Going to find another hookah lounge that can actually keep time.
food was amazing!! Burger was delicious, super juicy and flavorful..2 thumbs!! I'll have to try the shakes when I go back. Glad it's close to home :)
Excellent service at this location. Good happy hour specials.
Absolutely horrible service! They not only charged us for waters (the same price as a soda) without mentioning it to is when we ordered, but after we paid we realized they charged us for an extra cone. When we realized our bill was off the cashier told us too bad and didn't offer any solutions.
worst place i ever been to. just plan rude. girls are a -1 but they think there 10s.
Great late night daycare if you want to get out or need a break for a few hours and want a safe clean place for your kids to play with good supervision whether you are a local or in town visiting. We tried this one and the one at Texas Station (4 stars) this one is a great location for the kids
this place was so so.  we went on easter they were not busy at all but the service was awful.  they were slow and the food wasn't that good.
Suicide F'in Fries.  Crazy.  Saw them on TV had to try them.  It was worth it, but didn't like the atmosphere nor location.  Server was very nice.  Indoor smoking isn't my thing either when I eat.  Stupid Californian, I know.  I don't like cigs.
This used to be a good restaurant with great atmosphere and reasonable price. Unfortunately 6 people had lunch there 3 days ago and four got food poisoning .something I never expected in Vegas.  So don't fool yourself and think this is is the same restaurant that I had food before the name has changed so is the food.
Room smelled like mildew and mold.  They were just going to spray the room since they were sold out.\n\nSlept at the airport terminal instead.
The poorest customer service covered with a pseudo smile. Ordered and was very clear. My friends that accompanied thought so as well. The waitress got the order wrong. I can live with that. The problem came when the waitress all but called me a liar and placed blame on me. Won't be back.
Closed. Shut down first of the year.
The best specialty food grocery store in town! I come here for my Vienna beef, hotdog and Italian beef fix!
D-Vine has been a top local fixture for 10+years.  DV is consistently excellent in its culinary offerings...and the vino is pretty good too.
After 2nd visit with coworkers, who claim this is the best sushi joint in town, I'm still only mildly impressed.  The rolls cost quite a bit more than a few other neighborhood finds, and the quality is standard.  No complaints overall, but not worth my drive out of the way.  Would eat there again if in the area.
just ok for the price.
$6.99 Steak and eggs and $3.99 3 egg breakfast...count me in! Service was great, food was pretty good and the coffee was good, it didn't seem like the usual crappy coffee most breakfast places have.
Ok...took three friends to a Saturday evening dinner.  Note the 5 stars - Sakana is one of the best, if not the best, on the northwest side.  Wait staff is great, noise level and music are just right, prices are just what I'd expect.  And the serving sizes are perfect!
The best pizza this side of the Mississippi!
OK sushi, nothing special \nWe can not stand the bleach/old rag smell inside
We have been going here for years! Love the breakfast Burros!!!  Awesome food, and great service.
Rokerij is our sunday brunch spot for $5 mimosas. $5 make you hola.
Decent desert sushi and passable service, but Yelp has the map wrong related to the address.  Eat the sushi, don't bother trying to \"check-in,\" and be sure to ask for Mochi.
Visiting Scottsdale we stumbled on this great sushi bar. Nice fresh fish. Tasty rolls. Decent wine list. My sake was really fantastic. Very friendly and prompt service from Lindsay - her recommendations were tasty as well. Nice location with lots of outside dining near the mall plaza with palms, fountain, and big fireplace. Worth visiting again.
Heat turned up uncomfortably high. Ridiculously long wait for shows. Terrible production.
Food was good but not great.  For the prices, the food should be amazing.  However, they did have tasty pretzel bread.  But def not planning to go back.
The last time I was there, They had the nerve to want to charge me for a to-go water for $.99 cent. F**** this place. I just got done dishing out $8.50 for lunch, then that was the icing on the cake.
The food here is excellent! The service is excellent! I'm hooked. I have been here a bunch of times. If anyone has a bad experience at this restaurant, I highly recommend you say something to them! They will fix it. And if you leave unhappy, go back and give them another try.
Great hangover Pho if you ask me!
Food is good, great location, relaxed and comfortable. The potatoes were the best I've had in a long time.
Heading out here with a couple buddies for Taco Tuesday night, not extremely easy to find out what the apecials are... use the paper and pencils for Taco specials...beer specials are at the bar
I came here in March for a bachelorette party and we had a good time.\nThe food was good, but nothing that made me say wow.\nEveryone was friendly and catered even more to us as we were a party of 10 girls.\nI wouldn't go back by choice. LOL
This is a funky, college hangout that serves small, but very tasty street tacos. We shared a platter of pollo, carnitas and (2) pastor tacos.
Great place to buy auto parts
Style over substance. Ruben was an unmanageable mess, poutine had more fries than curds or gravy, no good beer on the menu. \n\nVegetarian options are pasta, pizza, or you can ask for a salad with no meat.
Totally overcharged and the owner is a perve. Next year it's Turbo Tax for me baby!
It is what it is.. stuff that bowl. Better quality meat than YC's. Fun atmosphere.
This place had nice lighting. A lot of Christmas type lights that made it alright. The place would have been great off the strength of what it looked like, the people in there killed it. If someone is coming toward the bar, that is your queue to move, these bastards didn't and looked at me like I was crazy.
I have to agree with Alice, everything does look a little skinny in this shop. The parrots looks anorexic, have a little look for yourself. But then again, when did you ever seen a happy caged animal?
bad service, bad internet, bad employees at the store specially tempe market place ones they are worst customer service ever, dont go there......
check it out I was taking my family and some friends to eat and was finishing smoking my cigarette in the parking lot. I was told I could not smoke on the lot. Won't be eating here again. In Goodyear Az
This place was okay. Service was not good.we needed a hooka refill but it took them forever, we had to physically walk up to them while they were playing cards.
Seriously? $20 to check in \"early\" meaning 1 pm? And no acknowledgment of spg status. So so hotel that is far away, overcharges. I won't be back...
This steakhouse is no longer what it used to be.  It is still a good steakhouse, but no longer in the upper echelon of Las Vegas steakhouses.  My ribeye was average for the price, and my baked potato was overcooked.  For long time patrons of this restaurant.  Save your trip to Circus Circus and eat elsewhere.
I didn't even get to try the food. I tried to order delivery, the first time I called they hung up on me without saying anything. The second time I called in they said they only deliver within 2 miles and hung up on me again.
Ate here once, it was good but not any better then some of the other places.  Yes the decor is nice and the atmosphere is cool but ......... When I left, I felt like I was leaving a gay bar. (no offense) But everyone in the bar area and standing around outside were boys.
Do they have good Boba? Yes\n\nIs it overpriced? Yes\n\nAre they rude? Yes and yes\n\nTwo stars for the fact that it is good boba but it is a pain to get it and you pay a lot for it.
(The most important, and only necessary part of a Yelp review...)\n\nGood food.  Go here. \n\nYou're welcome!
Was in the neighborhood , had to check out!\n\nGreat samples of pork. Looked like really good bacon to buy! \n\nStaff were friendly and hard working.
I been here few time and I love the Himachi Kama is good. You Gotta try the Osaka roll it's awesome and the staff little funny :)
I had an inspection and oil change. There was only one guy working alone and he communicated like a cave man. I will not be back.
The best steak I've ever had and fantastic service. Definitely a destination for a date night or to celebrate for a special event.
Okay so, this was the last leg of my Anniversary tour. Got upgraded to a suite.  Oh yeah.. And, the casino musta read my last review because my number on roulette hit a few times.  Thus, increased a star....  Boom
Absolutely the worst sushi my husband and I have ever had.  It was Gross!!! I don't know why they use so much rice or why the fish wasn't cold.  You couldn't pay me to go back to this place!
First time here. A little confused how to order the meal, but I got the chicken burrito , it was very good! Love the fresh made tortilla... I will be back again for sure!!
I love Chicago dogs.  This one was ok.  a bit cold though but flavor was just ok
It's not customary to walk in to your hotel room to find black hairs filling the tub and an empty tube of shampoo next to the sink. This is definitely one of the worst casinos I have stayed at in Vegas, but hey, at least the beds were comfy.
I liked it yummy
Not the fastest. Feels like they need 2 more staff each shift. Parking lot/drive thru is a mess.
men  I  want   to  el  birotazo  last  Friday  the  food  is  good   little  expensive  but  good   just  the  only  thing   is  the    1 dollar  charge  if  you  want  to  pay  with   card  that  is  crazy  one  dollar  really , zero  parking
This place is sketchy at best.  A friend bought his new Matrix here, and they gave him every kind of run around that's out there.  Save yourself some time and hassle and find another dealership.
Great sushi.  But above N. Scottsdale prices!   Can't afford to eat sushi at these prices very often. Service was okay. Sushi chef was friendly and offered yummy suggestions.
There is no seasoning on the \"seasoned fries\". They did not give me a pickle spear as promised. The bacon is pre-cooked. Not impressed
Great crew.  Each person has something special to offer and they all know what they are doing.  My mom switched after 10 years with Verizon because of some Bozo there...  Much happier with AT&T.
Great atmosphere on the patio. Servers were friendly and attentive. Food was good! I got the carne adobada plate. It was a  huge portion, plenty of left overs. Would definitely go back!!
Not impressed with sandwhiches or burgers here. Denny burgers n sandwhiches taste way better. their chicken and waffle may be the only great dish everything else other then the desert taster like anyother cafe or restaurant.
Ehhhh so so. Pretty bland for mexican food. Not impressed. Service and ambience were good, however.
We like the customer service so we keep coming back.
$5k for a dress that doesn't make me look like a million bucks...no thank you.
Great Jewler, I inherited 3 family rings  and he made them look brand new all for a very fair price. I definitely recommend Better Jewlers
Every taco is great, but the best is the adobada. It is incredibly good-would eat it every day if I could. The lack of chicken tacos and rice and bean sides keeps it at 4 stars for me.
Nice little pizza joint. Good pizza but only so so wine. Full bar so beer and mixed drinks available.  Don't go in with high expectations but enjoy the pizza and your company.
If you are a big fans in viet food, this is definitely a place you looking for.  The place is clean and neat.  The food are so delicious that you won't regret to visit.  Definitely will visit again!
Back again for a great breakfast burrito and a cup of their excellent coffee.  Y'all come by - I'll see you here. Richard\nNovember 2014. And the place is still as good as ever
Great find! Might become my new neighborhood bar. Good happy hour until 6pm with decent beers on tap. Hard to beat the lunch specials and burger/pitcher happy hour deals.
Didn't know smogs took an hour
Southwest flights are plentiful on the West Coast, though Phoenix is not the typical stop or layover that you would expect on the way to the East Coast.  Nonetheless, it's still a typical Southwest flight, good service and very efficient.
Exactly what the name is. Servers and bartenders are knowledge of all beers. They have wine for those of you who don't care for beer and rumor is in a few weeks they will have liquor. Ask for Jess as a server.
Speedy service, homemade food, feels quaint and full of character, reasonable pricing, yummy iced coffee and lots of open parking! Definitely worth stopping by :-)
This Bobby Flay joint is good for one thing, rapacious pricing! The food is not \nonly tasteless and unexceptional, they are charging 25% more at the Las Vegas \nrestaurant than they are at all there other locations.  Go play the slots, you \nwill have a better return on your money.
This place is a good choice for healthy food that is tasty. They are always friendly to :-)
Excellent work, knowledgable and friendly staff that can fix just about everything you throw at them. (Pun intended). But seriously, if you need some electronics fixed... Come here.
This is the best Greek food I've found in AZ.  Try their lamb kabobs, or lamb chops and Tzatziki and pita bread. Nice waiters, too! Good stuff!
Seriously the music was awful all the samples were \"get your ass, drink, hands etc. up\" mostly pop with somewhat vulgar loops thrown in. Got in free but didn't stay for more then a few songs.  It's a decent looking club, but not worth a lot of time or cash.
every time i have grabbed a snack at this place they have messed up my order and it tasted horrible anyhow.\n\nthey also take forever to complete your order. it does not take 20 minutes to make a quesadilla, sorry.\n\nnever going here again.
Excellent food, pricey, great waitress, empty the night we went. It was well worth the money once.
Just got an eye exam at Costco. I was a little hesitant, but they took my insurance. They got me in the same day and ordered my new glasses with no fuss. Very impressed.
best coffee, cakes, cute things, and this comes fom a proclaimed badass. this place is warm and inviting and cozy and smells so good and the staff/owner were so happy and warm. buy a new book, go here and grab a coffee and sit on the comfy old couch and greatly waste an afternoon.
This place has gone out of business.  If your looking for a gyro head in any other direction and you will find a place.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! It has fast service and super great food. I've been to other pho joints but their pho broth doesn't even compare. Also they give hugh sides of all the extras that go in the soup.
This is my home away from home... love the sports book and poker room... and the buffet.....  you gotta check the buffet
The fitting rooms looked like they haven't been cleaned in a while dirty tortillas on the ground...Ok over all, good selection but not the cleanest Target I've been to. (This was the Ahwatukee Target store)
Still labeling this place as \"a-ok\" but not a stand out.\n\nSake bombed here with 5 friends. Ate some decent sushi, had one horrendously bad roll, but it was my fault for ordering it.\n\nIt was dinner, no great shakes.
If you're looking for a good steak or prime rib don't try this place. I asked for a medium rare rib eye and it was not what I expected. The meat was not juicy at all. The side of mushrooms were very bland. I think the potatoes were once flakes.
The food is great but just give you enough! Ordered ribs and almost laughed,enough to feed a 9 year \nThe lighting is like a surgical operating room, with all that bright lighting you could perform.heart surgery, service is two speeds, no service and extra slow service!
this place is amazing! the sushi is really good and i had the kimchi fried rice which was amazing :) can't wait to go again
Good food, super friendly staff here.  If you need a burger fix, check 'em out!
Terribly slow service (especially drive through) and they're always running out of things.
Haze is awesome. They always play great music and the atmosphere is great as well. My friends from out of town always love Haze. The staff is very nice too. :] Valet pick up is right outside of the club too so you don't have to walk through the casino to get to the garage to get to your car.
Mediocre pizza.
This place is expensive and not good.\nI wouldn't recommend this place if you're looking for Italian food.\nI would suggest taking your hard earned cash elsewhere. Even Maggiano's across the street has better food.
Food are good but the service sucks. The wait is too long and the Vietnamese lady owner is just snabby. It seems like she don't want customers. No smile and rude greeting.
Went here with some co-workers during a convention.  The service was a little off, but the place was crowded with convention goers, so they may have not been staffed to handle all of us.  Everyone's order came out just right even with all the attendees there.
Delicious and suber tasty tacos! I had the fish, the pulled pork and squash taco and all were fab!
I wasn't very impressed with the food. Service was friendly.\n\nOther reviews have summed it up pretty well.  Decent, reasonable, nothing exceptional.\n\nStandard Mex, yo.
This place is the best.  I am tired of going to places that charge a lot and never do as good of a job as I do.  No more, as I'm going here now!!
What a cool place!!  Perfect hillside with amazing view, plenty of space and fun stuff around - just a few minutes from squirrel hill, right next to CMU, and the Phipps Conservatory right next door.  Were I a college student, I would be here all day, every day!
Yeah, I'm a shill and I admit that I like Starbucks.  But do me a favor and patronize 61C and Coffee Tree Roasters when you are in Squirrel Hill.  You can get a lot more ambiance at those places.
They have a wide selection of salad bar. And of course, all kinds of meat. \nHowever, it's just too much for me. Some people like it best, but I am okay. \nNot to mention, it's too pricey :)
Located between The Quad and The Flamingo on the Las Vegas Strip. Restaurants and shops galore, plus great people watching, and at the end is the worlds' largest observation wheel. Locals stop by on Tuesdays for specials all over the place! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
We waited at our table for 15 min and no one came over even to ask us if we wanted water. It looks like the other tables were waiting for the waiter as well. No one in sight. We left.
This place is really cool, I like how they have all the different foods of the world here, however it is not as good as Wynn, Bellagio, and Planet Hollywood.  I would go here again if I was at the Rio, but not out of my way to eat here...
I have been to City Tavern a couple of times, and to be honest it is always hit or miss.  Sometimes the food is good and the service is slow, other times the food is bad and service is great.  \n\nIt's a lot like my golf game in that I can't put together a perfect round.
It's hard to go wrong with 131.  The food is consistently very good.  I find myself craving their corn bread every month or two.  One of my favorites in Charlotte.  They miss the 5th star because the do seem a bit pricey, and on our last visit, our waiter forgot about/ignored us...twice.
Really wanted to like this place but it took a long time to get my food. It was hot in there and by that point it doesn't matter what the food tastes like.
Great food and service! Fresh food, homemade taste. Deli plates are dinner amounts, you get a full plate. Their apple strudel is delicious and warm.\nThe waitress was sweet.
As a dive bar this might work... as a restaurant it is a total loss. The food is far below pub grub standards and their audacity to claim \"The Best Burger in Charlotte\" is simply ridiculous. The service and food quality are non-existent. This place only exists because of its prime downtown location.
Very good fish tacos as well as a great taco bar.  Would go back again for sure!!
If you've ever had a pan roast from Grand Central Station in NYC, you'll know this is a ketchup nightmare... it's so not right.\n\nHorrible frozen ingredients mixed up with industrial grade HFC laden ketchup.  NO BUENO...
I have tried different items on their menu and have consistently been disappointed. French toast served either undercooked or barely battered. Fruit served on their plates is boring. Hell, they can't even get a toasted bagel right....\nThere are so many good places out there, why waste a meal here?
It took me a long time to find Ray. I wish I would have 12 years earlier because I will never step foot into another tattoo shop EVER!
This one just opened a few days ago and age for the first time today. Did a call in order for pickup and it was an hour and a half wait for our pickup time! Hot good was hot and salad cold, ready at pickup time. Crowded but very good.
The best sandwich shop in the universe. Cant add much to that. The Bobbie, Capristrami, Cheesesteak. I have been here a month, and have been to Capriotis at least 8 times. Great bang for the buck.
Everything was great - went before Mamma Mia and let Mariam know and she was awesome and even offered to store our box after dinner so we didn't have to rush to our room before the show and then when we returned after the show Miriam surprised us with dessert - definitely will go back
Meh....food was ok, typical on-the-strip touristy restaurant. Being a local wanted to try it out, but prob won't be back unless for dessert.
The food is mediocre.  It's difficult to eat anything because of the stench that hits you as soon as you walk in the front door.  Smells like pee and dirty mop water.
So not impressed. I think they gave us salad dressing instead of salsa. Everything was very bland (including the hot sauce). Service ok (glasses sat empty for a while).
Ate lunch here with a group.  Hibachi hicken was rubbery and had gristle, beef was not tender.  Sushi rolls seem to be the best option here.  Portions were adequate, service was good.  Not likely to go back, there are other places that are much better.
Slice of Bella had great cheese pizza and what a huge slice! Good service and the spaghetti and meatballs were wonderful. The garlic knots were fantastic. The salads were big and fresh with great blue cheese dressing. Good prices and great food!
Prices weren't low on half that items that I saw. I picked up a block of cheese and it felt like jello, I assume it felt that way because it had been left out in the heat for a while.
This was decent for Chinese.  The service was great and the people were friendly.  However the food was run of the mill Chinese.
This location sucks if you have have to go inside. The lines are always too long. They have room for 7 tellers up front but I've only ever seen 2 working. Managers and \"personal bankers\" never jump in to help yet you see them walking around or sitting at their desks.
This is my go to market.  Fresh food, easy to shop. \n\nGo go go and support your neighborhood market!!
One of the best sushi spots in Tempe/Chandler area. Enjoy their all you can eat sushi special.
Never disappoints. First time at the Vegas location. It's open 24/7 which I like. Had pork tenderloin sandwich and French toast tracker. Portions are huge!
Standard cafe with more food offerings than most on willy but cash only and limited places to pop a squat. Aaand by limited I mean unless you're solo or dos options are slight.
For a new shop was doing a good business. I waited about 5 minutes for my nails. Did s good job and offering discounts. I'll go back.
The pool was awesome,  however,  the hotel was a disappointment.  We went here to get married, the employees were rude snd the restaurants were over priced,  even for Vegas.  We spent most of our time nex door at the mirage.  But the pool was good.
best price coffee in the ny ny and it is pretty darn good as well. and they alos have huge azz donuts.
Have been to this place on many occasions. The service here is always very good, and the food is really good as well. I would definitely recommend.
it wasn't bad just wasn't good. the bread was too thick and dense. the toppings not that exciting. pretty good chicken wings otherwise it would have been a 2/5.
Great service and very friendly.  Oil change didn't take long and they gave me a discount.  Def going here for my car again.
I'm just starting to enjoy classics more. I always appreciated a good classic but never sought it out. The auto collection is definitely a great start!
The Spazmatics were not bad. \nThe venue itself had decent seating options and a restroom by the bar. Not having to leave the music to use the restroom is a plus in my book.
The staff seems to enjoy talking to each other rather then help customers.  The place seems more like a Chucky Cheese than a really Rockys.  I go out of my and go to the Monona Drive location.  They seem to be the friendliest and best quality.
This place was filthy!  Food prep area, walls, floors, worst off- the ice tea container. GROSS
I love Einsteins and though the flavors were right... the comments about inconsistencies are accurate. The green chili bagels were small
Ate here late at night, food was simply not good, meat was dried out and there wasn't much of a variety. You can find much better buffets for only a few dollars more.
Excellent - family owned, Gary treated us as family. All the food we ordered was great, but the clams in black bean with ginger was to die for. Definitely going to come back! Also had the seafood clay pot and wonton soup with noodles both were recommendable - a must try place!!
They were very accommodating!  Felt safe there.  They showed about sterilizing & options for your experience.  As a traveler this is very important to me.
Freshest sushi in Chandler.  Good service, great food.
From a Las Vegas local: Favorite show on the strip!
Tried getting gas here by using my debit card, since they only take debit or cash.  Then they want me to pay an extra $0.35 process fee for using my debit card.  Not sure how that work and I will not ever get anything from here again.
Their beer was decent but overall I feel like there are better breweries and beer destinations in the city. I do enjoy stopping in occasionally for the atmosphere. The German music, great hall setup, shot-skis and lederhosen can make for a rowdy crowd at times.
This school is disgusting, I had to remove my children from this school as they were constantly sick and missing more days than they were there. The positive responses are from staff members by the way.....
They didn't allow me to sit there for three hours during the lunch to do my work because there are getting busy. Will never show up here again.
Good, but watch the coffee if you order decaf.  The girl gave tried to give me regular 2x now. Didn't seem to care or concerned at all.
Dirty. Slow and unfriendly service.  Food wasn't bad but I felt sick thinking of how dirty their kitchen might have been based on the restaurant's cleanliness.  Should have gone elsewhere.
I went to the Hog Wash Express on July 17th and during the wash the final overhead rotating brush caught my rear window wiper and pulled it until it broke my rear window. The owner will not give me the business's insurance information so that I can get the window replaced. I would recommend NEVER going to this place.
For the price, the best Indian place in the central Phoenix area. I prefer to order off the menu but the buffet offers some unique options. And don't let the comments about the surly waitress dissuade you. I have seen her smile - you just have to become a regular to get on her good side. :-)
SIX HOURS.  That's how long I spent in this DMV to get a NV license.  Thanks, crappy DMV with rude staff.  My life is officially much shorter because of you.
The food was decent, sushi was pretty good, the servers were horrible, the chef/owner? was very nice and apologetic, the ice cream was good. i never got my roll. that about sums it up
One of the better sushi places around. Always good food and the lunch specials are cheap. The shogun chicken is really good.
Average sushi, TERRIBLE service. I've given this place 3 tries and each time was the same if not worse. You feel rushed, atmosphere is sad and the servers are not engaged with their customers.
Specials 9-11. Otherwise, expensive. Good atmosphere tho.
Hidden gem. Overpriced tourist trap on the surface, but happy hour is totally worth it! 4 to 7 is happy hour and amazing. You can watch the sunset while listening to old school lounge singers. Amazing view. Really good small plates. Try the sliders.
They have quick service and a good atmosphere the only bad thing is they do not offer ranch dressing for your salad. \nI always order the chicken Parma and at this place it was the worst I have had it was dry no breading and it was over done. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Okay little burger joint, not bad but nothing spectacular.  In a town inundated with burger places you'll find better.
Important update: I now love the pool here. They added fencing to extend the pool-side sitting area beyond the hot concrete so you can lie on the grass under a tree between dippings. There is always a breeze here, and the pool is always free. Magique.
This place has great food.  Double giro protein plate is outstanding.  The chicken giro meat is the best I've had anywhere.  The beef dip sandwich, super thick with awesome jus.  AND REAL Chicago dogs.  Don't think twice, eat here.
Best place for fresh raw oysters in Las Vegas,  They are $1 per oyster during the happy hour (2:45 to 6 pm).  The burger was perfection.  Order it medium rare with a pint of Guinness.
No drive thru at this location, but true-to-form Church's chicken. Not the healthest for you, but the original recipe is a good fried chicken fix. And their biscuits are the bomb.
Nice folks. Good place to go watch a game. Drinks were a little h2O'y but decent aps, bar food.   Kind of dead but it seemed like many places in Phoenix are these days.  Likely a function of the economy and the degree to which Phoenix is overbuilt.
The kabobs, gyro, and pork chops are all recommended, but I yet to have the lamb.
Terrible service, plain and simple!
Bons burgers. Salle sympa.
Wonderful service!!! We needed autograph cards printed under a tight timeline and they were so helpful and understanding! Very cool and convenient location as well. Ask for Kyle in the Print Department, he is very helpful!
Horrible service.  They do more talking then actually working. Brought my car in for alignment and oil change. Was told one hour tops. Three hours later still waiting. Don't go there.
We have given this place 2 attempts and both times we have left disappointed.  Food is very bland, no flavor.  And on the expensive side for a restaurant inside a movie theatre.  Even with the limited options in Maricopa, I still will not eat here anymore.
Went back there a month ago, and it's CLOSED !!\n\nI hope someone buys the franchise and reopens this place.
I wasnt wild about this place. I have 3-4 different sushi dishes and none were great. All were pretty average and forgettable. I was also kinda blown out by the bar bill, so didn't leave me feeling like I will be back. There are many better places in town.
Po Boys here are great. I switch between Alligator, Crawfish and Shrimp.  They're all tasty.
Good food.  Small portions, especially for a Mediterranean joint at the prices they are charging.
Service was awful!  I've heard it was bad, but it's worse than bad.  It's awful!  Food was okay.  I had to beg for my Chips and guacamole, which I paid $4.99 for.    We can eat anywhere in Henderson and Las Vegas and be treated 100% better.  So disappointed!
The waffle sandwhiches are amazing. Very light but still filling and very fresh. Staff is extremely friendly and it has a very comfortable atmosphere with comfy couches, as well as tables and chairs. And wifi ;)
The food is alright. The gyros were honestly pretty disappointing-- I had heard that they were the best in Madison, and I hope that they aren't. The atmosphere is pretty dumpy as well... Overall, nothing I'm very excited to try again. I wish I could recommend a better gyro place!
The beer was okay. Hoppiest offering was a IBU of 60. Service was poor, but they were crowded. Food was adequate.  Best thing about it was the ambience. Nice brass  brew kettles.
So I went back ... and i must say i found a decently pleasant hookah flavor... it's ownerflavor#2 . . . supposedly made of secret ingrediants, but it tasted exactly like a banana berry runt!
Used to be one of my fav LV  buffet.  Looks like the quality of the food went down and some of the items from the past are missing.\n\nthe crab legs were tiny too.    Sushi was weak.  Dessert was the highlight.   The Service was great.
Some of the best Thai food in town. Service is friendly, however; does not qualify for speedy. Worth the trip to Chinatown-great Tom Yum!
Eh, it's okay. One of the only places you can get the Eiffel Tower cups (but they're like $19, just doesn't seem worth it).
This place is a joke. Every time I have called they put you on hold for ten minutes.. Either having 2-3 receptions obviously isn't working or they need to learn how to answer phones
Came here for after dinner drinks (read: scotch).  The whiskey list here is impressive; some 8-10 pages of whiskeys from all over the world.  The atmosphere is very unique, dark and old feeling (in a good way).
Grade: Pure Evil\n\nAnother fine monument to the arrogance of Food Fight Inc. The lone, non-offensive part of this ordeal is the fact that it's only open at night. The owners of this rampageous zoo should be ashamed of themselves. Consider yourself a sucker if you spent money or time here.
Yes, I will take one bite out of four different dessert cakes and finish only one of them. Chocolate, Strawberry, and Peanut Butter you all fail and fall when Key Lime muscles you up.
Horrible service.  I would not recommend this location to anyone.
Still 1 star. Service was terrible. You can email as many buy 1 get one free to your customers, but if the service is terrible and I have to track the manager down to get a check and cash me out. Bad news.
Ordered pizza. Thought the servers were a little heavy handed with the drink suggestions. It was pricey. Good table bread. A nice quiet meal.
Friendly service, clean and modern interior, good noodles! Dan Dan noodles wasn't spicy enough for my taste but I'm coming back for more.
If you like overpriced salty food then this is the place for you!
The service is terribly slow unless you are getting pizza and was under staffed. Although the sandwiches were actually tasty, especially the Italian Deli Sandwich.
Very good food, good service, but very expensive. Maybe I've been spoiled by Santa Barbara's great selection.
They went out of business last month. I'm surprised they lasted that long. Nice location and beautiful building but very very very poor management.
The time it takes to catch shuttle twice from airport...plus the time in line may not be worth the savings. The line was long with not enough people working. On average you can pay $5/$10 more somewhere else and not wait for so long.
Crappy House! Didn't like their food at all. It was plain with not taste! All I tasted was salty food. Order up the beef pai Tay, chicken pai Tay, shrimp soup, seafood salad, egg rolls, Thai house special fried rice. Wasn't satisfied at all! Shame on them!
was here with the hubby.  Great service!
Strings is a great little cafe for a quick lunch. It is really cute and nice inside and not a big chain. My favorite thing here weirdly is the house salad, it is the first time that I had raisins on a salad and I'm hooked. The service is really good and the casual Italian food is always pleasing.
This place was decent when it opened. Now it's not worth eating even if its a comp meal.   Eat at the cafe it's way better
AWESOME. Best Thai food I've ever had. Crispy duck with drunken noodles was cooked perfectly.
Good choice
Love this place ... A friend introduced me and it is now my GO TO place.  Yummy and great drinks
Eaten here several times its my favorite place in Vegas for a steak. \nBy the way I'm young too and have never had any problems from waitstaff.
Food is pretty decent, prices are reasonable, and Harry (the manager) takes care of customers very nicely. Halal. Lunch buffet is $12 and has a wonderful selection. Restaurant is nice decor, clean, great service.
Awesome menu selections! I have eaten at the place several time and it is VERY delightful!  Its worth the drive if you live far! Check it out!
Good but not great.  The food is consistent just lacks the ? factor that makes you say, Let's have that tonight!  It's standard chinese food fair.
Went to the bathroom while the gas was pumping and the store smelled like the damn bathroom, as soon as i walked into the store i knew i was in for something nasty.\nclean your shit !!!!
the food we had was excellent, well seasoned and delicious. however i asked for a side of string beans intead of potatoes and they charged me $3 and gave me about 10 beans. The selection is very limited as well. Maybe if the specials were good we would go back.
I should have listened to the previous reviews and ratings.  French dip was tasteless and the roast beef had that greenish sheen to it like it had been sitting too long and then they over cooked it to cover for the fact it had gone bad.  Never again!
Excellent service and Great food!  The best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had. I even love the layout of the place.
the selection was good and everything but i only got 2 slices of roast beef in my sandwich. and my friend only got 2 slices of turkey. they don't give you any meat at all.
Goto spot for my late night poker session refueling. \n\nMy go to dish is the Chicken PadThai. Big portions and fresh. \nLemongrass always gets my comps and always will. \n\n\nProps to Aria for having great food selection for casino/poker room players.
The buffet was smaller than most but that wasn't a big deal. The problem was the dry and hard food. Then our bill had a  mandatory18% tip and a $13 service charge???? There are better places to eat close by at a better price.
They are soo friendly. The food is as good as when I make it at home. If you ever stop for food in Wickenburg, THIS is the place!!!
Great lunch!  Sat at the bar - busy spot - they have lots of take out orders.\nBartender do an ok job keeping up.\nSalad was delish!  A little too much arugula , so I removed some and it was better.\nWill look forward to coming back next visit to Charlotte
This place is tragic.   Ordered/paid @ 6:48. Now 7:17 still no food. Cashier said cook was busy & so was the manager.  Unacceptable!
Loved the cheese ravioli and the pizza here. The prices and portions are pretty good. The menu had lots of tasty choices. I liked the atmosphere the staff was friendly. I will definitely be back.
I am sad people lost their jobs but I am not surprised.  We stopped in and stood and waited for 15 minutes to be seated, staff walked by us the bartender looked at us but they all ignored us.  Was it because we had kids ?  Not kid friendly at all, in the end we just walked out.
Worst JITB ever. Slow and rude employees.
Good local bar with lots of TVs, good draft selection, and better than average bar food. Definitely a step up from the Saloon.
Eh...not worth the time/money in my opinion. The decor is nice, but the food is really greasy and will make you feel pretty horrible if you're not used to eating like that. The only real benefit here is that it's pretty inexpensive, but you get what you pay for.
I love Dairy Queens and \"have never met one that I didn't like\" but this one comes close. It is dirty. The windows are gross. The landscaping needs lots of attention. They turn off the Pepsi machine so you can't get a refill. This store needs lots of attention.
I've come here twice now, and have been really happy with my results both times. Amy always does a great job. She really listens to what my wants are. Everyone who works there is very friendly. The atmosphere is very welcoming.
Very professional from the free quote all the way through the cleaning process. I would definitely use this company again to clean my natural stone floors.
Yuck.
Loved this store I passed by stop to check it out great prices very clean and they have very fresh fruits and vegetables definitely going to continue shopping there
Chicken was outstanding , friendly, attentive staff , great view of the strip .Lots of original cocktails to try, portions lean toward small, but you're not here to stuff your face anyway.
The food was all together okay, but the nachos were the most exciting thing we ordered. The staff was also very nice, but there could have been more people to help serve. I felt like there was only one girl serving all the tables.
Nice to have close by but no customer service
.99 cent pastry with purchase was great. Absolutely not worth the price point. Food  had NO love in it. Thrown together, grilled quickly. Need a person that loves what they do in the kitchen. It will show in the dinning room.
Boring.......only like the one with prison bars props
Very happy my daughter and I walked in 35 minutes before they closed.  I asked if they had time for 2 pedicures and they were more than willing.  My daughter is 12. Her pedicure was $15 with flowers.  I picked the middle package which was $26 + $5 for my flowers. Very clean!
This is a decent place. Tiny little Greek bistro that has some nice food. Not the absolute best in the valley, but it's relatively decent. Only one thing on the menu that I can eat any day: chicken shwarma. It's the bomb! Everything else is okay.
Not very good today for breakfast. Everything I had except for the fresh made omelet was tasteless. The things I normally like we're beyond dead in the pans. To bad.
Waited 15 minutes in the drive thru lane with only 4 cars ahead of us. They we not apologetic, rather they gave us a few excuses as to why they were so slow. Also forgot our receipt. We are regular customers and were disappointed this time around.
I've loved it and recommended it in the past, but no more. The Pizza di Fava arrived with charred pepperoni and the crust was undercooked and soggy. Not to mention , one plate arrived with a green food remnant on it. We will be going back to Grimaldi's.
Not happy! Burned food and very unpleasant to deal with. I felt out of place and would not go back.
ultra swanky and absolutely stunning! i stayed at the aria, but i noticed i was also at the cosmo. i LOVED it here and i haven't even stayed in one of their rooms yet. i'll for sure book with cosmo next year and will add on to my review then.
Too much meat!
Excellent food \nGreat quality \nHuge portions \nThe restaurant on Fountain Hills Blvd Rocks!
Disgusting.  First had to send back the paint thinner tasting Jeremiah Red than on to the worse than frozen pizza and my wifes prime rib sandwich stayed a little too long.  Barf!
Best pizza in town. That's a tough title to earn with Jimmy and Joes right down the street.
Saw a few months ago and before that a few years ago, AND I'D GO AGAIN! \nLot's of fun. Fun Music. Funny. Fun for everyone. Good for kids too.\n\nAnd who doesn't like audience participation? =)
Loved everything about this place. It's beautifully done, small and quaint. The menu is great and the food was amazing. It was suggested as one of the best restaurants in the city and certainly delivered.
There are both male and female go go dancers here, all very good looking. I went on a Saturday when there was a rodeo in town, so unfortunately the DJs played a lot of country music. I ended up leaving after 30 minutes because I couldn't take it anymore. Otherwise, this place had good potential.
Best buffet i've had here. Service blew but the prime rib and deserte were incredible.  The crepes are very good.
Good alternative to pho, I've had different kinds of shabu shabu this to me is mediocre. Popcorn chicken is also mediocre same stuff you get from boba tea houses. Good thing the prices are not outrageous
It is too bad I can't give this zero stars.  Eat at your own risk!  I had Kung Pao Chicken and got really bad food poisoning.   The chicken was all dark meat and tasted aweful. I will never go back here again.
Atmosphere is nice.  Prices are a little high for lunch.  The food is tasty though.  It's nice to have things on the menu that are different.  Dog friendly patio.
The food was A-Okay. The winner here are the pies ! So many to choose from all of them homemade. I give an extra star for that and also the customer service is great too. Everyone is so helpful and friendly.
Honestly, the only good about the buffet was the complimentary lobster and the all you can drink wine. I thought the food was below average for the price. I wont be going back!
This park is so nice and beautiful! Great playgrounds, fun train ride and carousel. Splash pad to cool down in summer too!
1st lunch in Vegas on 9/11/14.  Party of 4.  Sat outside and did have a view of Bellagio fountains.  Found the menu a little limited.  Loved the crepe; I believe I had the mushroom one.
Love love love this place.  Buddy is so happy when he comes to visit here weekly. \nThis is his extended family and I am grateful for the care you take with Buddy.  \nI do my best to let everyone know about the care and love you all have for dogs.\nThank you.
Green chili pork, chicken fried steak.  Nothing else needs yo be said!
Careful !  They tack on an extra $17 per night for a bogus \"service fee\".  If have very little tolerance for deception.  This place was deceptive.
Great pizza! I normally travel all the way out to Coolidge for authentic New York style pizza. NYPD will not replace it, but it certainly will be a regular stop for me.
Not the nicest or newest hotel on the strip, but its centrally located, the prices are always incredibly hard to beat, and the staff is always helpful and friendly.  I would stay here anytime!
What girl doesn't love shoes?! My mama & I have been to this DSW over a dozen times & always leave with the cutest shoes & sometimes the occasional purse or scarf. My mom has their rewards card so whenever she gets a new coupon we head on over for some retail therapy.
cheap meats and some other items .  Not really a fan
Yes, the cleanest gas station in the USA! Good solid food, loved the carne torta, very flavorful cheese enchiladas and beans. We got our food to go a little too strange for us to eat amongst the pine-scented air fresheners...
Great for first thing in the morning beer while you wait for your flight.  I didn't have any food but enjoyed the ambiance and the conversation with other patrons and bar tender
I ordered the chicken strips and was asked if I wanted fries with it. The chicken was overfried and fries were mushy. Charged $23 bucks cheers\nMaybe I should have went with a burger
Not impressed. Great decor, great location - service, food and overall vibe was ack! Will try again in a few months.
Prepaid for services, drove over an hour to my appointment and was told the doctor was over booked and I would have to reschedule.  The staff was unfriendly and took over 2 weeks to refund my money.
Great service here and love the food. Always tasty with lots of flavor and big portions. We make it this a regular dinner date in Saturdays.
Dry chicken, bland help, yay it's southpark.
We've been here a few times and just now getting to the review. Each time we have been here it has been great.\n\nPro: so far everything we have tried has been great.
Solid chinese, little overpriced though.  Service is eh-ok.
Waffle was just ok.  The batter they use is more heavy than the light waffles I prefer.
Cozy lounge/bar, the bathrooms are vey small, the room seemed clean enough.\n\nTwo hookers got in a fight outside of my room around 4am, despite this I still thought the hotel was okay.
Had high expectations... Food was just average... Charge too much for what you get. Tables are way too close together. It is way too loud inside. You can't hear yourself think.... I will not be coming here again!
Music terrible food way over priced 39 dollar rib eye should not be paper thin , the venue was off the hook should have been a great experience but you can't judge a book by it cover!
Amazing experience! They are a little hard to discover being hidden away on Castle Street but they are a diamond in the rough. I have never had a better massage in my life!\n\nAnd Wednesdays are girls days 20% off!\n\nGo!!
Excellent food, great service, very friendly staff. \n\nHave dined here many times and have never been disappointed. The corn fritter appetizer is a real treat and should not be missed. \n\nThe food is just a notch below the Siam Orchid in Gilbert, but very good nonetheless.
I really like this outdoor mall! Tempe Marketplace has some nice stores, good restaurants and a Harkins. My only issue with this mall is parking..it's always packed, but I don't see that many people walking around.
put it this way...  when your signature food is chicken fingers...  your food sucks.  Good hangout spot for watching games though. Lots of tvs
No ice in the soda fountain. Pizza took 20min to get; it cost $20 and was the same size and tasted like a $5 Little Caesar pizza.
This place is awesome. Arizona is lucky to have such a great vegan dining option. We could use a local in TX. The end!
horrible service..Ruined my family breakfast, I decided to give them another chance months later but I ordered to go because I didn't want to deal with the attitude, Only to get home and see the wrong order!! $18 for a wrong breakfast..
The food here is great!! The miso soup is bomb and they have great sides also! Check this place out...
Average breakfast place.  \n\nI think the egg dishes are more unique than IHOP etc, but nothing really special.  \n\nUsually the servers are really nice, but there was one that made unnecessary comments on what my friend ordered.
Worst tofu ever...I think they cut up a dish sponge and put it in sauce...threw the dish out...
Probably the worst tasting burger I've ever had in my life. The meat was bland, the chicken patty looked fake, and wasn't seasoned at all either. The seasoning on the table is the only good thing there.
I love this place. Great food at a great price. The staff is so friendly. I've never had a bad experience. Love the atmosphere as well!
Beer Battered Fish tacos with baja sauce!!\n2 Fatty tacos & I'm done.. Chronic Tacos is pretty amazing.
I would always pay a visit to this place for their Holiday Pies ... Oh and honeslty i would have ordered a happy meal for myself just cause their giving out Hello Kitty watches which unfortunately they happen to run out. Boo!!!
This was literally the worse buffet food I have ever had and really has no place on the Vegas Strip. The food was bland, poorly presented and of medicore quality. The line layout is inefficient and confusing and the dessert table was like something at a gas stations snack area. Not even worth it when its free.
Ate here as a party of eight (five kids and three adults). Great service; food was what we expected.
Great atmosphere and the service was excellent.  The food and drinks were excellent.  Great spot to go to for happy hour.
Love love love their \"usually\" fresh bread and their food is fantastic. My husband and I frequent here a lot and have seen some horrible servers and a lot of turnover, but the food is always magnificant!
nice place to take the dogs and really nice park.
Food was amazing! Service was great and as a frequent customer of Benihana I would say the habachi chefs were better, food tasted better and the prices were better! I will definitely come back!
Just called to ask about their parking situation - parking lot or valet.  Person who answered said that they did have both.   I asked how much valet was or if it was free.  She didn't know.  Come on, teach these people how to better answer the phones!!!
Always raising prices on us as well as the worst customer service over the phone... fighting with us about how they have the best everything and really they don't we are no longer customers with them!
Best. Sandwiches. Ever. I love that it's 24/7, fast, cheap, & super delicious! My fav is the Montagu sandwich! Must try!!! ^_^
This is a goodwill store!!! Just another way to hide their name and sell items at over new store prices at as-is. Don't be fooled by the name Deja Blue Boutique it's just another shameless goodwill just like the one on Hawthorne street in Portland, or.
Great food, horrible service. The bad outweighs the good. Not worth spending your cash in that dough factory. Pass
Great service. The Good Morning Burger was delicious, especially that I couldn't make up my mind between fried eggs or a burger, this has both!!! Also the french fries are awesome. We also got a Double Bubble with the bill :)
Food is okay, not a big fan of getting an actual bag of lays chips with my meal. Prices are cheap but they really need better service. Could benefit from a college night or something of the sort. Not a repeat location.
I have been in this store  several times and have usually found the staff to be very arrogant and condescending. Also, needed to price some case lots of ammo and thought that I could do better elsewhere, for example, United Nations Ammo Co. who actually acts like they appreciates my business.
Nice cozy atmosphere, friendly service, and a drink like the Campfire Mocha?  Sign me up!  It's basically like a coffee s'more in a cup, and oh so snugly wugly feeling on a dreary day.  Try it!
Food was tasty, we were the only table in there... Waitress was friendly. My friend had a fresh made juice and it was good. Would go back!
Best place to hang out and have a drink, meet new friends and great food.
Susan started out great and helped with my green pool problem.  Then she stopped coming and did not return my calls or texts.  I paid Susan for a month, and possibly a month and a half for which I got no service.  When I asked for my money back I did not get a reply.
My least favourite place for coffee near McGill University.\n\nThe wait is long, the place is messy, and the floors are always dirty... At night, many homeless people gathers inside the coffee shop...
Been there several times, and service always polite and prompt.  Food good to very good.  Great neighborhood restaurant.
Not so much.... I've had better it's a nice fix but it reminds me of when I want a coke but some buys me a diet cook .... It's good but not exactly what I wanted
Service is good.  Expensive food here for sure.  I'm a fan of fresh fish and hot sake.  We had bone marrow, assorted sashimi, lobster fried rice and two other delicious dishes that I truly can not remember but it was fresh and good. =)
I only got takeout here but the food is tasty, hearty Italian.  The hostess was a real sweetheart, though!
Trendy restaurant in downtown. It was nice to grab a bite to eat and a beer on the patio in the heart of Downtown PHX. A little pricey but they have a good happy hour.
Totally overrated,the cashu was totally fat . that's why it's tender.that how they keep lower the price everything was salty, too much . I've lived in Hawaii for 5 years, I know what the good ramen taste like. They should put more bones not fat in soup base.
On the expensive side for Madison eating, but it's easily the best sushi in town. Great decor, wait staff, and tunes. The only disappointing thing is they never have Spanish mackerel!
Not a fan. The atmosphere is high tops and large bar in what looks like a mission but also lots of tvs for the sports fans.  We tried a bunch of the tacos. The only meat that had flavor was the coffee beef. The others were sweet..  Just weird
Went here last week for donuts and had to wait for it to open at 10. Wanted to buy several donuts but they only had five. What?? A bakery with no donuts in the morning. Sorry
Best value for hotel on the strip.  Smack dab in the middle of everything so hold on to your taxi money.  Some rooms have prime viewing of Bellagio fountains.  Seems nicer than similarly priced hotels and doesnt attract as many trashy people as them too.
I eat this pizza everyday of my life and I never get sick of it! Awesome environment and great service!
I love Penzey's. I've had great experiences with both their online and in store service. The only thing that would make them better is if they had stores in New Mexico! Instead I have to get my fix when I'm in AZ visiting family.
My wife and I love this place. We have been coming to Oregano's for years. And this new location did not disappoint. Thin crust is the best.
We loved this store in Hawaii and in Las Vegas they have great prices on wine. This will be out go-to place got booze on the future. Very friendly staff too.
Came in for lunch and the room looks big and clean. Kid friendly staff and the food looks good and taste good. Check this place out!
For a quick family-friendly and affordable experience with a great view, this is it. Doesn't take long and is very pleasant. I took my wife, 9 year old daughter, and 7 year old son to the top and back. We all enjoyed it.
I've had a few different experiences at paragon. Every instance involving the owner (steve) has been awful. However Russ one of the sales team has been helpful and pretty attentive. I would not give them my money again. It's a shame.
Not impressed.  Its dark, dated and overrated.   Seriously dont waste your money.  After seeing the dirty kitchen on the way out I wanted to call the health department.  The food was bland and did not seem fresh.    Many other options that are so much better.   DONT GO.  PICTURES MISLEADING.
Besides getting to take a look at the largest chocolate fountaing in the world you get to have some great tasting dessert crepes.  We make it a point to stop here and have a crepe everytime we come to Las Vegas.
The place was dead, but the dining area was a mess.  The few staff members I saw were clearly not interested in their jobs.
There is no doubt this is the best pizza place in Montreal.
I can't believe I keep getting tricked into eating here. Their advertising money is well spent it draws me in time and time again. I ordered the famous star special and there was nothing special about it. The hockey puck burger patty mixed with the wilted veggies just did not work. Two stars is being generous.
I have been paying on this account and they are sending me to collections. I am not some dead beat who doesn't pay their bills.  I have written letters, trying to work with anyone I can, to no avail.  These people are ruthless and greedy. \n\nRUN the other way, DO NOT go here!!!
Great food, superb service, very clean environment, friendly atmosphere, super clean Decor & restrooms. Nohemi was a great attentive server, major props to this place, it's nice to travel and have a good breakfast place with no or minimal wait. A must try.
Food is never good. Staff is rude and not helpful. Very slow as well. I wouldn't eat here.
Ordered Kadhai Paneer & Naan. The Paneer was extremely hard & did not taste authentic. Have had beter!
Quick , fast and easy phone in and picked up in 15 minutes.If you don't mind MSG food pretty good, fresh and hot. Can't beat the convenience!
This place is so neat! The Tuna Steak sandwich is fantastic and the cold brew coffee is a tasty treat to energize you! The store also has lots of nifty little gifts that you can't say no to buying.
Burger was good, service was good. The only thing I would recommend is better lighting outside in order to read the menu. LOL! I'm getting old.
Ordered 10 pizzas for delivery for a special event only 4 blocks from Corleones.  After 1 hour past delivery time and 3 phone calls, went to restaurant and picked up the pizzas.  Was told a variety of stories during the 3 calls, all misleading.\n\nWon't be back!
I like the decor and it is a good idea, but the food was meh.
Great new location.  My favorite vendors include East End Brewing Company, The Soup Nancys, La Palapa Mexican food and Clarion River Organics.  These vendors match their amazing products with great personalities.
Parking garage is a little confusing to get into. But once in great layout. Friendly employees. Slot machines pay out really well for being on the strip. Lots of nice shops and prices aren't bad.
Good food but TERRIBLE service.
Very clean, and very quick service..  In and out in under 3 minutes.\n\nVery friendly staff too..  I'm a fan of the #1, pepe..
Walked in mid-afternoon on a weekday and waited pretty much 20 minutes for an Americano to take away. That's too long. Nice-looking space with the usual assortment of hipsters perched in front of lap tops. Don't think I'll bother to try it again. I hate waiting that long for anything.
I am not a picky person but food really taste bad, the meats are not fresh, too much soy sauce and oil in everything. The only good thing is the portion. But what can you do with big portions if the dishes taste bad?
This is one of the three buffets I went to and I would place it at 3rd place.   The orange champagne things got me a good buzz for the late morning.  The food here was average and ordinary.   I would only go here if you were comped a free buffet.
I remember spending an obscene amount of time at Town & Country when I was in highschool, whether it was loitering around Jutenhoops or sitting on a bench...I thought the ambience was so charming. Very sad that nothing is there anymore.
Had great service at both the restaurant and store at Margaritaville last week. Glenn was great, provided such a personal level of service.  We are visiting Las Vegas in a near future and our first stop most definitely be at your store.\nYour professionalism was very well appreciated.\nSincerely, Oscar Dawson and family.
1) Stale fries\n2) Watery gravy\n3) Ketchup packs were all nasty because i guess sauce spilled all over it\n\ni've been to wayyyyy better popeyes!
Love this place!  Awesome lunch buffet!   Don't let the outside fool you.  This place is nice!  Food is fresh.  Good.  Service great!
Better than Texas de brasil. Still expensive but it was a ton of food, it just kept coming
So difficult to find anything in this place.  Scanned the aisles forever until I gave up.  Luckily, I tracked someone down at a register to direct me.  Finally get to the register to check out but the stupid thing wouldn't scan.  Ugh.  My last trip here.   Either Hobby Lobby or Michael's next time.
I don't understand covers at bars in general, but at crappy dive bars in Plaza Midwood? Next...
Nice decor but $8 for a pint of Stella at 2pm on a Monday?
Great Happy Hour! Can't wait to try the lamb. Also a real treat to see Micheal working!!!!!
One of the best American Steakhouses. This is the second time I've been to this location, and I always leave feeling cared for. Pricey as hell, but well worth it. The food and service are impeccable.
I had a good steak at a good price.  I like longhorn because you can get bacon and eggs on any steak, just ask for the rancher.  The service was good, and I had a decent glass of wine.  The food is consistent and at a decent price.
All I have to say is no. You should just cook at home because at Toby's you will practically serve your self!
My daughter and I had a yummy breakfast. Fast service. Coffee is delicious. Bagel skinny sandwiches were good.
Great night was had with 20+ guests. Have had Indian food in parts of AZ, as well as New York and Australia, this was one of the better places that's for sure. Staff were friendly and attentive and the meals were served quickly. Well worth a return visit.
Food is only so so. Too greasy and makes the buns soggy.
Great sandwich shop ! I had the buffalo sandwich and it was great! The kids love to write down what they want on their sandwich. They also offer crust free bread for the kids!  It's a little pricey compared to the other sandwich shops but the meat is a lot better here!!!!
Had it twice. Both times good.
Worst traffic management at any stadium in America. It took us 20 minutes to get from the corner to the lot.
I HATE that they charge 75 cents to use a credit card and that they charge extra to get a flour tortilla on a taco.  I have had much better tacos for less money!  I will not return.
Go socialize at their Social Hour from 7 -10pm! They hosted the Junior League Provisional Social and totally hooked us up with their awesome space. Korean bars are VERY rare here and I loved it. Will be back.
Good for a snack and always got treats at my job. \nWish they have powdered sugar donuts without the jam filling in it
Despite us both getting a little bit \"sick\" the next day, the food was delicious.  Not sure how you rate a restaurant when that happens, but we will probably go back!\n\nEdit:  Went back.  Delicious as always.  Waitress was nice, but probably too sick to be working.
Small place. Never knew it was there until I looked it up on Yelp. \nThe sausage gravy is perfect and you can tell it is homemade. The portions were perfect. The staff is friendly and the food came out faster than I expected.
Advertise they test batteries, showed up to have a battery test and he declined to come outside due to short staff. After I got in my car I saw about 12 employees parade out. Poor service and false advertisement.
Womp womp. Just stopped in here. Was seated in the bar and waited for 15 minutes without so much as a glance from the five waitstaff and bartender who were in the bar bar area at the time. Disappointed..have been wanting to stop in for a long time.
The best homemade mediterranean Italian food in the valley. Andy generously invites us into his cultural world and feeds us delicious homemade food and sparkling drink.
This place used to be awesome, but they recently changed to an Empenada only menu.  Best Green Chile burro in town?  Gone!!! I wont be back.
Disney Land for Foodies. Fresh Baked Goods, Salsas, Mexican dishes (the torta cubana is to die for) and an awesome atmosphere, plus more produce than the human eye should ever behold. My favorite place in Phoenix.
We enjoyed staying here for our anniversary trip. The breakfast nook is sunlit and charming, the rooms spacious and comfortable, and location - right across from a metro stop! - can't be beat. Breakfast can be ordered up to your room for no extra charge. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.
Worst Subway I have seen....staff does not wear hair nets....tried to get lunch today but its kinda hard to eat food when they are out of soup, wheat bread, tuna and meatballs.....am I supposed to fill up on chips and soda????
Excellent........absolutely excellent, get the traditional menu not the Americanized menu. Thank me later.
I'm not usually a fan of sweets but they have a perfect balance in their consistently superb variety of changing flavors.
The food was pretty good and at a good price, i will probably come back for lunch.
It was nothing extraordinary but still good. I ordered the Thai noodles which had a fancy name I couldn't remember and when it came out I found out I had ordered, pad thai. Oh well, it was still good but not what I expected. Husband raved about the kobe burgers though.
Great little head shop.
Every time I go to a convention and need some posters I go here first.  Awesome selection.  The staff is friendly and patient.  They have rolled and folded posters behind the counter.  Bring a \"wish list\" and get some great stuff.  New posters delivered weekly.
So many things can be done here to improve! I bring my cars here and always tip good because the guys kick butt on the cars but the management needs work!
Girl looked at me weird when I asked for Sicilian slice and I had to say square. They no have which is disappointing.  Plain cheese slice is good.
This place is just a rip off of the Flame Broiler down the street. Ribs are awful, chicken is fatty, and the service is slow.
What an awesome bar for locals! It's a bit off the beaten track, but well worth a visit. The food is really good, the portions are generous (without being overwhelming), and the prices can't be beat. Good drink selection too. \n\nI went on a Sunday night and the crowd was lively and fun.
My daughters love the italian drinks and bread.
Great food, great beer, and it's a Vikings bar! What's not to love?? The beer breads are all awesome as is the fish n' chips. And if your lucky enough to be around in the fall give the pumpkin porter a try!
My first trip to Pittsburgh. I rode this puppy twice: once at night, and once in daylight. Magnificent views from the top of Mt. Washington, and a cute little neighborhood, too. So cool to ride a piece of history!
They gave me a quote on the phone that was more than 50% less than when we showed up to send it. MANAGER Lisa was less than helpfull.
i actually liked this buffet. probably because they were also handing out coupons on the strip. the quality of the food was decent compared to other buffets in vegas. however, i can't remember anything spectaular. you wait in line upstairs and when they allow you to go downstairs there is another line.
Big portions and good food for a very cheap price.
King Cupcakes! Is posting a review on this!!  This is my specially!  Sprinkles cupcakes is very good!  The cupcakes here are not to bland or too sweet.  A combination between the cake and the icing is quite perfect.  This place is highly recommended by King Cupcake among other cupcake restaurants in Arizona.
Love all their food, it is delicious, havent gotten something that I havent enjoyed.  Love their Thai Ice Tea as well.  The only drawback is the service is TERRIBLE.  But, since the Thai is tasty and I just expect poor service, I still go.
We came here for my birthday dinner and ordered the cornmeal crusted chicken livers, steak and the bread pudding for dessert. Service was pleasant and the meal was good. It would have been nice if the steak wasn't just warm and the bread pudding more moist.
Great neighborhood place! Local crowd, small town feel. Get the steak sliders with fries. Their on kings Hawaiian rolls and are yum. And the beer is cheap and they keep it coming. Not a bad place. Try it sometime if you are in the neighborhood.
Dollar PBR on monday nights and always have a good selection of beers on tap. The staff is always friendly, and if you got the munchies they offer english candy bar you can only get there. Cheers!!
I didn't expect to find great Thai food in a strip mall in Henderson, but Thai Chili has the best Lad Nah I've ever had. The staff is incredibly friendly as well, I'll be back!
Chipotle never disappoints!
Great value and convenient location.  \nClean\nHelpful and friendly staff\nQuick check in/out\nNice fitness facility
The food taste like the oil they cook it in. My cheese enchilada was burnt. The rice was very dry.
It was good, I've been twice, the 2nd time most of us like it.  The service is so slow.  But I like the decor.
You can't get better then Desert Gator Pools! Thank you for excellent service every time!
The best place , I like this men he know what he is doing and the price is perfect . I advise  to everybody!
These guys are great. Knowledgable, honest, and great prices. Smokes Leslie's all day every day. Look forward to working with them again.
We had sandwiches from here not too long ago.  The combinations sounds really interesting and appetizing, but the results did not live up to my expecations.  The sanwhiches I've had there lacked real flavor and were overpriced.  There are many better options in the Strip.
Kinnson was such a great help during a stressful time. Great deals, fast and easy service.
First time visiting this restaurant. \n\nHad the chicken parm and it was very good! Food quality and quantity were above average. \n\nThe only complaint I have was the espresso was cold. Other than that it was tasty.
Horrible sales service.  2 salesmen took one hour to locate a Odyssey on the  lot while making us walk around outside looking for it. Bunch of young idiots they hire as salesmen...AVOID!!!
I have been in Arizona for almost 17yrs now and up until a few months ago, Macayos was my favorite Mexican restaurant.  Cien Agave is soooo good!  Thats all I can really say!
The owner Jamie is extremely helpful and sweet. The best juices in Vegas. The veggie juices are thin and light and the dessert/sweet juices are thick and filling- how they should be(opposite of suja)!
Great service great food. And the bacon queso fries are my new addiction.
To be completely honest, everyone gives such a hype about in n out and I just felt that my experience this time was not to great. I got animal style fries and there was so much sauce on them it was overwhelming and made then really soggy. Not the best here.
Terrible bar. Terrible bartender. The place is dirty & the tvs suck.
Should have been obvious. Dirty and old room, our server couldn't keep his fingers out of his mouth, biting his nails AS he served tables. Confit de Canard was pedestrian. Shameful.
Very solid Vietnamese food.  I enjoyed the iced coffee and rice vermicelli with grilled shrimp, egg rolls, and veggies.  This is the dish I get every time I go for Vietnamese.  My husband also enjoyed the pho ga (chicken pho soup).  Service is very prompt and generally friendly.
THE BEST! So good! A surprise! Who knew next to a strip club that such a great sushi restaurant would be found!?!
Been through this airport twice now and haven't had any issues. Easy to navigate, indoor smoking areas and slots to while away the time if you are so inclined. Typical food choices and stores. It's an airport what do you expect?
I cannot believe how a business can afford being gone for so long. Oh well, seems like they are back now. We were super excited to go and have some ribs again. mhhh The ribs were burned and they had a different sauce on them, not the usual rib sauce but some vinegary disgusting sauce. Was so disappointed.
If you like chocolate you are in for a treat (pun intended).  The over-the-top choclatyness of this place gets overwhelming fast but if you pace yourself and keep your portions small it's worth the indulgence of wallet and diet.
Took the whole family and had a great time and great food as well.  From the line dancing to riding on a saddle for birthdays, a very fun place even if country is not your thing!!!
Simply, I hate this airport.
I've never wasted or thrown away food, but I couldn't event take a bite. Food smelled funny and was really not tasty or edible.
Had an omelette.  Nothing fantastic, but good.  Service was hurried, but there was a mob waiting to eat.  Don't go when you are hungry on a Sunday morning - you might starve!
Great food, great Sangria, great live music, great vibe, great service EXCLAMATION MARK. Overall it was a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon.
I dont know what all the rave is about with mineos. it is cheesy salty with hard crust and excessively over priced.
One of the best 24 Hours I've been to. Working equipment, friendly staff, and good parking. I really want to try one of the classes they have badly.
Love this neighborhood hangin' joint. Friendly, great food, and drinks. It can get a little loud at times. West of the Andes, and Bob's Bad Breath Burger are faves.
The best steak in madison hands down, but that's not what makes tornado room great. If you've never been to the tornado room past 10 pm and found your way to the basement for cocktails and the nighttime menu, you are missing out.
Great for a quick stop for a forgotten item on vacation. However, we went grocery shopping here and were disappointed by the limited fresh produce options. Their limes were bruised and discolored from being old and their prices were not worth the quality. We ended up going to Sprouts down the street and were much happier.
There are 4 good reasons to go to Coffee Plantation...\n\n1. It isn't Starbucks\n2. There are still plenty of things that they do not overcharge for\n3. Free WIFI\n4. The people watching is still the best free floor show in town
We went for Margaritas - they are so good!  The place was packed and the service was still excellent.  I love Vida every time I go there :)
Awful customer service. They were so rude I had to walk out. Didn't seem very interested in serving me at all. I felt like I was bothering them.
This has to be the worst Mexican food I have ever had and the only reason I went was because my husband kept wanting to go here. He was as disappointed as I was. They charge for chips and salsa and it was really bad. They wont be here long and if they are it will be how they may cater to the college students.
The food is nothing to rave about. Just another run of the mill place. Our server amber c kept telling us our meals we're getting pushed back. Service and food sucked
More hype than good food unless you are looking for a booze bar. The Mac and cheese was almost worth the 45 min wait but the rest of the food wasn't. Service friendly with a lot of college kids. Many looked like they should have been carded. Go back? Maybe. Wait?  No way.  Parking impossible.
When I moved to Madison I was disappointed at the lack of real Mexican food, until I found Gemelos.  The restaurant is great, and so is the tienda.  I highly recommend the quesadillas compechano, the sopes, gorditas, or the pozole!
Danny was awesome!  He was able to get me in the same day... Removed some tint that was too dark for me and replaced it with some that was more to my liking. I will definitely bring all my vehicles back to him.
This place was nothing short of awesome!! The cinnamon French toast was wonderful & the omelette (we got the wild hog) was huge & delicious! Nicole was a great server. Made great menu suggestion and was very nice! A must-visit place for great breakfast!
Average food.  Slightly higher than average prices.\n\nI'd eat here if there was nothing else, but it's Vegas.  With so many options for dining, I wouldn't waste my time returning.
Both times I have been there the food is average at best, definitely not great.  Basically overpriced bar food.  Waitress screwed up our orders this last time.  Won't be going back, there are much better places.
Been going here my entire life! Enjoy the staff, and the rapport i have built with my doctor.
Super Crackin...Lots of fun. Great vibes, beautiful woman. Vegas atmosphere at its finest
Oh gosh. \n\nI've never woken up with so much pain the day after my massage.  My masseuse was so rough and the session felt so rushed.  Probably won't be returning again as I'd like to feel relaxed during my massage, not punished.
We usually include US Egg in our repertoire of breakfast joints.   They usually have good service but sometimes the food and service, are hit or miss.  We have also had entrees taste/are made differently each time.  The waitress in this one are fairly cute.   Service is usually fast and the wait at peak times is not very long.
Stopped by to pick up a few donuts and OMG those donuts were AMAZING!!!!!!  We will be back for more.
over priced and over rated.
Server was super rude on Christmas. Iwas born and raised in Vegas so I grew up eating at this location and the one in North Town. But after today I will never come back, I am so upset at the quality of food and service today. Goodbye Longhorn
There wasn't a huge selection of foods like some of the other Vegas buffets such at the one at the Wynn. It's also a bit out of the way to get to. I definitely wouldn't go back.
Great patio outside by day. Great smoky hipster bar on the inside by night. Always good drinks, although the prices can vary depending on your bartender. Fantastic jukebox and the coolest crowd in Madison.
Great hotel. Great service from the front desk. Have no complaints about the hotel. \n\nThe only downside is the walk to casinos, though not too bad if you want to go to Aria. \n\nDefinitely worth the stay.
I've spotted this place while driving down Scottsdale and saw it had great reviews on here and had to try it.  They have drinks, snacks, bfast/lunch items that are creative and tasty.  Healthier and more nutritious than others nearby.  Fast and friendly as well.
Very good burgers. Great portions. Bacon is nice and thick cut. Highly recommended to stop in here. No frills just good food.
Meaty, tasty chili with two buttery corn bread slices. Flavorful ice tea. Flaky pastries. This blows Panera out of the water.
Good service. Otherwise it's just another Applebee's. If you've seen one, you've seen them all.
Simply ,I did not like this show. I thought it was not funny at all. I guess I am a serious person more than a humorous one. Oh well at least the company payed for my ticket.
Tried their version of an iced mocha and it was really good! Slight pricey but tastes amazing.
Very disappointing. My $49 piece of fish (plus more for sides) was soggy and bland. Should have gone elsewhere.
This is my go to sushi spot when I'm in Vegas!! Absolutely love it here. The food is really fresh all the time. The hostess Arpi is really awesome. She's very nice and chill and remembers all the regulars. See you next time I'm in town!
Always a decent pick if you want Americanized Mediterranean food.
If you've got a disability, I would recommend not flying SWISS.  Fly Air Canada or anything else besides this joke of an airline.\n\nExtremely rude service combined with discriminatory practices forced me to rebook with another airline.  \n\nYou have been warned!!!
Rick is amazing. He arrive on time. He is an honest man and a very fair man. I will never go anywhere else. I am very satisfied.
The Walmart of Las Vegas hotels. You get what you pay for. Very basic rooms. Pool is like a public pool.
Can't get enough of the wings! So good, my mouth is watering just thinking about them!
The Lamb chop tastes like ass, the service stinks, the only thing that saves this place is the filet mignon. Our waiter was kind of a dick. If you get Jacinto, consider yourself warned. Also, this was my first time here. NEVER coming here again.
Amazing service Kim!! Our first time here for an anniversary dinner and had a great experience. Will come again just for her.
Worst Chinese ever. Wontons in the wonton soup were mushy.
Best mocha I have ever had. No joke. Congrats guys and good luck with the new business.
This yummy veggie burger spiced up my heavenly eating . Very polite customer service.
RA is to sushi what date rape is to romance.
I was a walk in customer at david and friends, luckily Rylee was available :) she was awesome and loved the way she did my hair! I recommend you to go see her if you're thinking about going. On their website there is also a discount 25% off services :) definitely going back to see Rylee.
Best place in Chinatown!!!\nWorth the wait
Just had my windsheild replaced and windows tinted and these guys are the best! Got me right in, fair price and good work!!! Theyre new but i can see em being around for quite some time!
The sushi chef is amazing! I don't understand why some people don't like this place I guess it depends on what they are comparing it to. The food is excellent and again the sushi chef is the best! I'd give them 10 stars if I could. I will be coming back!
Killer food. I only had one dish out of about 12 things I tried that I didn't like.
Saw this show on Sunday. It was amazing! I was so impressed. It was not only hilarious, but mesmerizing. All of the acts brought something unique to the table! I HIGHLY recommend seeing this if you are in vegas. You will not regret it!
Ordered 2 different dishes and got the same exact thing. Couldn't tell which of the 2 considering it was comparable to a sweet and sour sauce neither of which I ordered. Fried rice? Nope. Panda express is better and that is saying a lot.
Amazingly talented group, funny and creative. Great show! I've seen it 3 times now and it never gets old! Highly recommend seeing at least once! Lots of audience participation fun for all ages!
This is for the pharmacy. They have by far the worst customer service. I hate coming to this location, there RUDE, and have no customer service skills. You don't want to be treated badly especially when your not feeling well.
Great!  Loved the margaritas, street corn and guacamole.  Pretty much everything was great!  Awesome tequila selection and wonderful service.  My new favorite Scottsdale restaurant.
I wish I could give this place 0 stars. If you want bleach in your mochi, stained & cracked dishes & cockroaches crawling on your seats then this is the place for you. Absolutely horrible service & very dirty! I don't recommend this place to anyone. Really think they need a health inspection!
The upgrade to 2.0 failed. The breakfast  is unremarkable, as is the ambiance.
My new favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Charlotte, and that's saying a lot because there are a lot to choose from. I order any of their combo plates and Vietnamese coffee and call it a night.
Had a terrible experience today. We were both willing to pay full price for shoes but the salesperson was disinterested and arrogant.  \nShe didn't care and it showed. I'll buy them elsewhere.
The market is perhaps okay.  It is however very tiny.  I was not that impressed.  Did not buy anything as I did not see anything that I wanted.
Just heads up. This place looks like it will be closed for a good portion of September.
One of our favorites...
The concept is great and the raw foods are very good.  But it all falls down with the service.  I've experienced long waits here.
I've had my car scraped on the side window when I parked at a parking spot during a weekend and recently had my car rared ended when parked and no one left a note.  \nTrash was not picked up for more than 2 occasions even though you left them out exactly the way you are supposed to, in accordance to their guidelines.
Fly in my food, enough said. Only giving them two stars instead of one because their flavors were good. Would've been good had I not seen the fly. -.-
Tasty sushi. Decent service. Good prices. Would recommend.
I love the idea of combining dinner and a movie! The frozen hot chocolate was very good, and it was nice treat to enjoy during the movie. I probably would not eat my whole meal here, though, because you are eating in the dark and can't focus on the film. Neat concept with a very hip atmosphere, though.
An Irish themed sports bar and restaurant that has good food and beer selection. The fish and chips or steakburgers are great and the staff are very friendly.\n\nOutdoor tables for when the weather is good.
There are plenty of historical exhibits but I thought the museum as a whole was lacking. It wasn't interactive at all, nothing about iconic moments in the sport or crashes which everyone I think expects to see something about. The check in cards are a gimmick. All the cool stuff you had to pay extra to do.
The downtown location food is hit or miss. I don't know if it depends on who is cooking or what is happening. When you go on a 'good\" night the food is excelent otherwise it's just ok. This location does consistenly have poor service though especially on the patio.
The Italian ice is very very refreshing and tasty! The cashier wasn't the friendliest but her recommendation of the mango and passion fruit mix was great!
I wish the Club lounges in Sky Harbor were bigger or just stocked with a better selection of food.  I am getting really tired of the sorry snacks.  I know you can't bring food in the Club, so please, replace or improve on the choices.  So far Air Canada has been the best Club I've used.
Opened a cookbook priced normally retail at $40 and it was being resold at $32... sticker shock and so i was out of there...
This place never disappoints. New owner, awesome service great food! Sushi is very fresh beer is cold doesn't get any better :)
I was there last week having them check my car battery. Corry was there helping me to check the battery. He was very helpful and  honest. He helped me changed the battery and declined to accept a tip saying that he was glad that he could help me, and that was part of  his job.
Had a great time here!
Good burger place. Beats In n Out and five guys.
On a recent trip to Vegas, Dr. Ha booked a last minute appt for me and my friend.  They stayed open after hours and the staff was Awesome! I highly recommend...and I'm coming from California! Great Job! Keep up the good work!
The food was great, the service was great... Everything was excellent. The whole family recommends it!
Food was awsome.   The chicken and waffles were awsome.  A little slow coming out but turned out to be wort it.
Stuffed chicken and blueberry cheesecake mason jar. Enough said. This place is absolutely phenomenal.
So many options, so little room on plate! So happy they had Asian noodle soups. Was everything we chose delicious? No, but there were so many great things that the couple so-so things didn't matter.
4/2/13: Dinner with a large group of coworkers, I ordered the turkey pastrami sandwich served with coleslaw. Bread really tasted salty almost pretzel like but otherwise well made. Excellent location if you're either headed to see a baseball or basketball game.
Oh my ...dont like the food here. Tried the Pad thai and the chicken fried rice ...the pad thai was disgusting and the fried rice was not enticing either ...wont be going back ...ugh
Banquet facilities horrible and unorganized.  If you are thinking of booking a party or wedding here, think again and go someplace else.
Cheap pricing, decent rooms.\nParadise Cafe has decent food.\nBeds are comfortable, recommend Player Card for Gambling\n\n\n\nA little far from strip.
We didn't eat... only drank. It was a monday night, so we weren't expecting much to be going on. The bartender didn't expect much either. He really didn't seem too in to us even being there. I had a signature cucumber drink. It was syrupy and over the top.
I recently purchased a bike and also purchased extended warranty through Dick's. My bike has been in the shop waiting for a part for 3 weeks already! It seems this is the same thing every time I want to use my warranty! I recommend you take your bike to another shop.
I've eaten here many times and it's always great. pizza is great and cheese steaks are excellent! (I always order mine with provolone cheese because the cheese wiz is not for me). Happy eating.
This place is so so... Its pretty small, but its a nice venue.. They play good hip hop music in the main room, but it gets pretty packed.. The crowd is not really a good sight, Don't think I'll be back..
One of the BEST Hawaiian style places I've been to since I left Hawaii. I always make it a point to stop by here when in Vegas!
Sorry Joeys has new owners I was told the pizza was the same. Not even close. Soggy crust never acceptable . Still a good price if the pizza was good.
I love the noodles.  They don't bother me when I'm reading.  The portions are super big.  The only down side is the beef is sometimes dry.\n\nPretty neat fish tank too.
Veggie/vegan eco friehndly paradise. If you are after even the most obscure item or ingredient i would bet on them having it here.\nGood lot of remedies health and bodycare stuff here too.
...I need a washer and dryer.  Badly.  This place just confirmed something I already knew.
I attended a meeting at Caesars in May.  I had been to Caesars many, many times, but have never stayed at the hotel.  They put us up in the Octavius Tower...very nice!  Big rooms, comfy beds, nice bathrooms and great views!
Stay away, the kabob meat was reheated. My family said never again.
I saw this years ago at Disney World, before it was brought to Broadway and it certainly lived up to my prior experience.  I do however agreee with an earlier review that there are some parts that could be improve upon.  But definately I will see it again!!!
Food was good and beer was way over priced you can go to yard house and get two beers for the price of one at lbs, service sucked the manger and bartender spent more time watching football then pouring beer. would never go there again
Amazing food and the hospitality cannot be beat. Traveling alone can be tough and the staff here made me feel at home. Plus the owner was there also greeting diners. Love it- try the pizza!
While the staff is pretty friendly here, there is NO need to have a drive thru (with at least 15 cars blocking the parking lot) in a state that has 120 degree heat.  I'm pretty sure Arizona & Starbucks are doing their share to contribute to global warming.
We went back to Ling and Louie's recently and it was not as good as the first time we went.  I was a little disappointed.  Staff was still attentive, food just seemed not stove hot, only warm.
Cheap tools, cheap quality.
Charming pet store, or \"pet boutique\". Nice selection of accessories, ok selection of cat food and a little pricey. Wouldn't recommend it for buying food but would recommended for cute, trendy toys, sweaters, bowls etc.
If you're going here for \"tea\" good luck. Not much more than flavoring syrup and hot water. If you want a real cup of tea walk down to Tea Infusion.
Nice gastropub with good food good beer and good service. Every dish was done well and service was good. Small inside but worth the wait. Easily a 4 or 5. I chose 5.
Great atmosphere!  Quick and delicious lunch. Thursday's are great with Virginia working! :)
umm, not even worth typing a review,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, :(
I'm a big fan.  Good food at a good price. Great value for what you get.  Quality is fantastic.  My kids love taco Tuesday .99 cent tacos are the bomb!
I ordered food for pick up..  I was told the total was $16 and came to pick up my food and had to pay $24, I argued  and should have just left.  I payed the 24 buck and could hardly eat it is was dry and disgusting.  I am sorry to have given them the chance they never deserved.
This is a great shop!  They are honest, thorough and also timely.  I have been bringing my car to them for the past three years, and they are amazing!  It isn't easy to find a reputable mechanic, but Jose at A & B is definitely one!! :)
We live nearby and have only been for dinner and takeout.  We've never been disappointed.  \n\nThey are very friendly and so far everything we've tried has been so delicious!  If you are not familiar with vietnamese food, we love how light and fresh everything tastes.
Unable to find the place. Initially told it was only open on Mondays. Later learnt the location had changed. Finally, told by a taxi driver that they had shutdown.
My lady and I eat here on average at least once a month. Always delicious and I love the social aspect of being seated with strangers. Love the iced tea and the buffet. I wish the staff wore uniforms but other than that Zenith is awesome!
Excellent food, worth every penny.  The sides are big and you should share.  The wait staff needs some more training but overall fantastic experience.  I didn't taste anything I didn't like!
waited over an hour to return few item...this is a little annoying \n\n\n~bah humbug!..
The food was good, but was way over-priced (reminded me of Dardanelles on Monroe Street). \n\nDecor is cool though.
Me and hubby are enjoying our lunch. Thanks for great service and good food. Terrific value too.
Sushi and happy hour is a must here!!!
Not that bad for a chain. I prefer their Texas style brisket and the pulled pork. The Jalapeno beans are pretty good too. I haven't had them yet but the baby back ribs looked amazing. I also really like their spicy BBQ sauce!
I just wasn't feeling it here.  The steak was ok, although the bleu cheese sauce was very nice.  The sides were uninspired.\n\nThe service, as is usual in this area, was very good.
Very good vietmanese sandwiches! Good price for a good sized sandwich, I had the grilled pork one. The only downside is the location and all the potholes in the parking lot. Worth the effort though.
I ordered the food and it just made me sick.They were polite.
S-L-O-W ...there for Sunday brunch ..place was not at all packed, yet we waited about 45 minutes for our food.  Service wasn't good either ..food was decent, not spectacular ...probably won't go back to this place ..
Very excited about this place! Love the vibe, atmosphere, prices and especially the food!!! Amazing! & I love not having a server, no one to bug you;) great drink prices too! You can be casual or dress up for a night out! This place is great!
Yard House is a beer lover's dream.  Their enormous offerings of countless draught beers can be overwhelming.  There is definitely something for everyone in that department.  The food is average, eyt tasty.
By far the best happy hour deal in all of Phoenix...free burgers, chips and salsa and 1/2 price beer!
This place sucks. They over booked my truck and I ended up paying triple. It took at least an hour and a half to even get out of the place. Always go uhaul.
Did oil change and smog great job. They were very fast and costumer service was amazing.
Greasy, questionable interpretations of dishes that did not seem fresh. Even allowing for the difference between Chinese food in different regions, this was  terrible.
Good location ,good food and wonderful ambience,slightly pricey as have just moved back from the states bagels are less than half price.
Only been here once, but the sa cha tripe was very tasty. very fast service and a funny off-beat location. I'll definitely be back.
While the ambiance, service, and the meals of my friends were all impeccable/great, I do have to note that the   bouillabaisse was the most oversold and underrated meal I had for a very long time for a price that I am not going to mention.
Usually stay at the Wynn but figured to change it up and try the Encore.Top notch all the way.The Wynn is better for gaming but the Encore does have some nice pools.Both  properties are great. -1 star for overall value of food and drink.
Best yogurt place in town, it is worth the drive! Pure ingredients, and always making sure there is a delicious choice for my diabetic husband! Extremely clean and personable I would highly recommend for anyone! In such a cute up and coming neighborhood don't pass it up!
Very nice steakhouse. Great ambiance. Very nice staff. Our waiter AJ was great. The food was very good. I expected my steak to be more tender. But everyone else in our large party only had good things to say.
Typical Target.  Limited food selection, decent electronics and clothing selection.  Staff isn't super friendly but not what I'd call rude either.  I could take it or leave it.
I have gotten several pairs of designer glasses here.  Best place to go when you want to save a few ducketts and still get real designer stuff.  \n\nThe last thing I got here was a new pair of Dior shades.  Saved $100 bucks.
Food mediocre, service equally mediocre and bartender is on some I wish i were somewhere else powertrip. Other then the regular following  (which manages to sustain them/but no one said scottsdale has a discernible palate for food or service) , haven't met anyone who would return a second time.
Club is nice. Inside walking stick casino. $10 cover for men no cover for ladies. Dress code a little ridiculous. Jeans, no jeans, collar, no collar just seemed to depend on the bouncer's mood. Best if you stay at the resort.
I love dive bars. But dive bars should have dive bar prices, not $5 for a Corona. And please, when I ask for water don't tell me \"we only have bottled water\" and charge me $2. Not true and not cool.
The host refused to seat us because we had a child with us, or at least that is what he said.  However, there was another table where there were 2 kids seated.  The host said that since they have a bar license, they can not allow kids.  Either they violated the license rules by allowing the other kids, or we were discriminated.
I place an order and I was put on hold for 25 minutes, crazy, I don't think I will order ever again.
This is a pretty good Rodizio but definitely needs work. The place is pretty small and people are rubbing shoulders to get around. The meat is not the best quality but the servers work hard to make you feel comfortable. \n\nNot sure if Montreal has other Brazilian steakhouses but this is a decent option.
The general manager has chased off almost all of the good servers / women that have worked here for years!!.... The fun has left the building... too bad!!   It is only a few days until Downtown Summerlin gives us a ton of choices!!!
It was very expensive, and we didn't even get the fur parkas that are advertised. Instead, they gave us ugly giant blue jackets. We were uncomfortably cold, and nothing they provided made it a fun or enjoyable experience. The bar is tiny, and it's only moderately novel at best. Save your money!
I know that U.S. Cellular has a bad rap on this site. I have to say we have always received good service from them. I went into the store today and Marcus helped us. He was both fast and friendly. We were greeted as soon as we walked through the door and there was no waiting. :)
I'm not really a big fan of getting food that has ingredients that aren't mentioned on the menu.  Not just my meal but my friends had food that wasn't exactly what we ordered.
For the prices of the rooms and easy check in, I give this place a thumbs up..\nAs for the rooms themselves.. It's pretty so-so.. \nFor the casino.. Also a so-so..
I come in at least once a month since i work close by. Fast service...ceviche is always great. Have had the sopes and flautas and i have paid more for really bad food. I think its a great spot!
Stopped in on the way out of Phoenix.  everything was great.  Food was excellent and came out in a timely fashion.  scott, our waiter, was amazing - very attentive.  restaurant was very clean.
Burger was good, fried oysters weren't as good. Overall good lunch.
Yum! Good place, but questionable service and virtually no seating. Their phone was ringing the entire time and they ignored it, but then picked it up and took it off the hook. Pretty lame. Hopefully, this was a startup mistake.
It's the Mall that has it all, selection of great stores for everyone in the family!\nDefinitely Montreal's Flag Ship Mall good selection of restaurants at the food court! Just that simple!
cool place. It looks pretty but it is not like Chandelier(in Cosmo). This place truly is just for a quick drink not a true lounge more like a fancy bar. Good stop before heading into one of the hotel clubs but not a destination in and of itself. Waiting time is long....so go early
This pizza was worth 5 stars.
i came in as a tourist in the early afternoon with friends. The local folks were having a great time. We got the full tourist tour by the bartender, she was patient and made some great drinks. Love Tiki and this bar was fun!!
My prior review was 1 star about 60 days ago.  This time was remarkably better.  Server Deneice really knocked it out.  Kitchen runs a little slow there, so if they ever figure that out, they'll get to 5 stars
Great idea but save yourself $75 and invite yourself over to the house of the buddy who has the nice home theater.  You can bring Chili's takeout since that is about on par with what they serve here.  All told you still save about $30 and you can get by with taking off your shoes and getting really comfortable.
Bought myself a $300 queen size mattress from these guys and I'm pretty happy with it. Delivery was done the next day and the delivery guy help me set up the frame. Decent furniture at reasonable prices.
This is a place for kids. There is very little to do for them though... the Phx zoo is a much more entertaining spot to take the little ones.
Best start to my days and always a favorite amongst visiting family and friends. Can't beat the cupcakes or breakfast! Also a great place to drink coffee, relax, hangout or study.
The gumbo had no flavor and the Cajun fries were undercooked.
Long lines and just one person check the people out. Be ready to wait 30 minutes on the line if you go there . I will never go there again .
Cool ambiance really liked the vibe. However, was very disappointed by the house blonde beer. Reminded me too much of coors light.
Great for people watching, the drinks are a bit expensive. It is an upscale lounge. It was nice to take a break from the casino to hang out there ...
Convenience for a reasonable price,,,thats it.. no frills.......Best location
$2 Jameson shots.\n\nThe beer menu is pretty good.
I'm not extremely knowledge on what constitutes great pho but I love this place for the food. Great portion sizes great meat cuts. And the name is pretty funny. But check it out I think you'll love the food and the prices are reasonable as well.
This is a fantastic property.  Beautiful setting and service.  Last night I was here for a dinner in the ballroom with Beau MacMillan and Marcus Samuelsson.  It was a great Lunch and Learn event.  Topped off with a drink in the Jade Bar for the perfect evening.
Great ambiance. Delicious steak and vegs. Will go again... Real soon. Wonderful for locals and or visitors especially after day at pool. :)
One other thing:  The High Speed Internet is NOT, NOT, NOT!  You're lucky if you get 1mps.
Good, average food. Not the greatest but it hits the spot. 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate up the road has some fancier dishes, a little more tasty, but you get what you expect here.
The best chicken and pretty healthy I've ever had! Service is the bomb! I respect a Christian company that stands up for God!
Jen and Tom run an immaculate shop and work very hard to please the customer.   I have been a client for 8 years....they are extremely good at their profession and so easy!!!
The pizza is great. Other food items might disappoint. They do deliver! Service is hit and miss. There is one rude,  smile-less bartender... I have actually seen him through the window and decided to go somewhere else because I was in the mood for good service.
Great midday lunch. Nice atmosphere, great food, large menu selection.
Got my car detailed today, not only did they do a great job, but I opened my cup holder to find a graduation gift (Tiffany's necklace) that I thought was long gone. Their good work & honesty have definitely earned my future business.
Casino only. Sleazy. Not classy. Was in for fifteen minutes and i had to leave. Felt dirty.
Awesome! Get the thin crust! Classic New York style. Stop off for happy hour, it's half off pizzas for dine in. Great bread.
Wings were outstanding!
Service was ok and food wasn't any better.  The Orange chicken was ok, however the egg drop soup and fried rice left a lot to be desired.  Price is pretty good for a big lunch.  I don't think I'll be returning.
Good place to watch a game, but I would never go there for anything else.  The menu is totally sports-bar-esque and the food was greasy.  Good place if you're hungover and want to watch the game.  Otherwise... ummm... no thanks.
service was fast and polite. the place is well kept. I had the bacon fried rice which was excellent.
Really good food... If you go there, you have to try the \"SUNRISE SMOOTHIE, and the\" HASH BROWNS\". They are to die for.
Unfortunately I'm not a big fan of this place. The ambience and mood isn't as great as Kaba Curry. I had the chicken katsu with curry and the curry tasted water down.
The staff has always been helpful.
Visited last night with a group of business associates and were hugely disappointed. Service was solicitious but untrained. Food was downright marginal, and all the steaks came dredged in sauce. Simply awful, and outrageously expensive. I cannot recommend for any reason.
Food was good, waiter wasn't personable or friendly. Asked if I wanted a refill when I still had food on my plate, one glass minimum I guess on dr peppers?
One of the best places to eat breakfast!! Super good and so many options! Customer service is always on point!! :) must try!
The food was very good, and I highly recommend mixing and sharing some dishes with those you come with. However, I must say that our server pressured us a lot, and made our eating experience very uncomfortable. For that reason, I don't see myself returning for another visit.
Slimy noodles and lots of dim sum. Crowded, noisy, mediocre service. Very forgettable. It was so bad we went to the chocolate place at Bellagio afterward to recover.
Decent place. It's just so dark in there like a dungeon. I'm not sure if there trying to save money by not turning lights on but it's hard to get a good workout and have good energy in dim light. Other than that it's pretty good.
Had a friend who went here. REALLY BAD experience
I love Elite Transportation!! I've been on their party buses and their 4x4 limos and they are definitely the best in town! Plus being a total girly girl, they have the only pink limo in town, which I totally love!! \n\nThanks so much for all the fun Elite Transportation!!
Had the surf and turf for dinner here. the steak was great but the lobster tail was a little over cooked.
Don't expect friendly service from the staff there.  The telephone receptionist is VERY rude.  The lanes however make up for the poor service.
Food was just average. Service was very good and attentive.
Good customer service. It could be better. They need more employees tho to help expedite te vehicle maintence on waiting customers. My husband escalade needs servicing so I took it in. A simple door handle took 5hrs. We will be coming back only because this is his dealership but wait times suck.
Decent food, really polite and nice staff,  but order got mixed up a few times on an empty night.
The food was pretty OK, it was kind of plain/bland. I liked the fries. Cool vibe inside and the service was friendly. It's very dark inside. I received a free beer for checking in on yelp too!
ABSOLUTELY OUTSTANDING. The food is superb, the atmosphere is lovely and the waitstaff deserves a standing ovation. Kudos to The Henry.
staff could and should be nicer given that my coming in pays the bills. Coffee could and should be cheaper to keep me coming in. not enough outlets. I MUST COMPUTE!
I'm not really sure how to write a review for Target - aren't they the same everywhere?\n\nOh yeah - this one has a garage underneath it.  \n\nIt's a Target.  What more do you need to know?
I went here for an engagement party. It was ok. The food was nothing special at all. Certainly not memorable. \n\nFor some reason the open bar was closed during dinner. Not good when the wine they give you at dinner is utter crap. Oh well. It's an odd place.
this place has lousy service and the food is terrible if you get lunch or dinner. we went for brunch twice and they make a very decent breakfast. the service in the am is also not bad just not as friendly as you would like. their breakfast is one of the better ones in the limited variety of restaurants in the area.
The BBQ main dish is descent, the side dishes are not fresh.  I order mac n cheese for my son and it was from a box.  I was expected homemade or something that did not cost .99 at the grocery store.
It takes a long time, it is expensive and my car is STILL dirty--even though it wasn't actually that bad to begin with. \n\nThis has now happened three times, so I think I'm done with Danny's.
$9.92 for 2 fruit salads that were not fresh, so in the garbage they went. I had to run to catch my flight or else I'd go back and rip the Puckin cashier a new one.
Yard house happy hour is the reason why i love yard house so much. the quality of the food is already great let alone dropping prices for happy hour! selection of beers is amazing plus the various sizes you can choose from! great place for bites & drinks! even better place for a late lunch! Chicken Nachos is a must!
The managers here are complete clowns!  Should be fired on the spot, using the F word in front of customers, not professional.  Avoid at all costs!
Overall, a friendly and fast environment. Great music always playing on the speakers during the lunch rush hours, marked by good service/communication by the employees to customers. Fantastic food at all four locations; is a great place to walk down to on your lunch break/late afternoon hunger. Reasonably priced food, with a 'chill' atmosphere.
George's chocolate banana shake... Stop OMG
I lived in Albuquerque for four years and really miss the food.  I met a guy who lived in Santa Fe who recommended this place.  The worst place in ABQ was better than this and would cost a third of what they charged here.  I got the red and the green chile.  Both were unpleasant--the red tasted burnt.
awful, bugs, flies everywhere.  DIRTY.   You will get bug bites, food not cooked, and \nworkers and management are rude.
Excellent food but bring your winnings from the tables or your expense account as it is anything but cheap.  Nice ambience but on quieter side, excellent attentive service.  The lobster fried rice is a fun alternative side dish I would definately recommend.
I have ordered the mushroom asparagus penne meal at this location twice.  Each time the asparagus has been undercooked.   I don't live close and I think I will go to the Cave Creek and Tatum location from now on.  The manager Kim doesn't seem to appreciate her customers.
Good quality food. Free WiFi. HiTech iPads for placing orders. Will e-mail or text receipts. A little pricy for a fast food bistro.
Great selection of beers, service was good as well as food. Pub mini burgers were absolutely fantastic. On the expensive side, however, it's the strip!
Good place to go if you're hungry and don't want to cook breakfast.  Not great due to the fact that most of their food is straight from the freezer to the frying pan and just so-so.  Small portions of bland food.  Great people and great service.  Just altogether blah food.
It is the place I go for burgers.  Fatburgers.  The shakes and fries simply tidy the meal up in my opinion.  :)
2nd visit, nice to sit down inside instead of a truck. Not silky with ice chips. Not perfect, but good. My 3rd visit was ok, I think the Sumo portion is equivalent to the ninja, but the price is the same as before.
Poor poor Excalibur ... I bet at one time you were pretty cool ... but now you just smell like rotten eggs :/
overall everytime ive been there has been pretty solid, although there dinner isnt good- there lunch is pretty good. also i like that they seem to be pretty good about bringing stuff out.
Decent Mexican food for a good price. Great spot to come on a short lunch break with a few buddies. The Horchata is amazing I would highly recommend it, some of the best Horchata I have had.
Great food! Little things bugged me like the waiter wasn't very friendly. Didn't ask how I wanted my filet cooked or how I wanted my baked potato. The host was more of a waiter than ours was.\n\nI give it four stars because again, the food was great. Just poor service.
I was hungry and I stopped in for a quick bite. I ordered two supreme crossiants and a courtesy cup of water. and they were very good and the service was quick and friendly.
Poorly organized, run down buildings, unfriendly staff at every turn. I will try to stay away from this place as much as possible.
Good hotdogs and nothing much to say about this. If you are looking for a quick fix for hotdogs, then this one is just for that.
This is my go-to place.  The service is always amazing, the food is consistently delicious.  It is my favorite Thai restaurant.  I recommend the crab rangoons, beef jerky, and green curry!
Tons of fun.  I sweat my butt off and the kids had a blast.  Wow, I'm out of shape!
It need interior decorating for 5 star.  We order pork & cabbage dumpling and pan fried pork, shrimp & coriander dumpling....Very very good...coming from a chinese background.
Good experience as always!
Great staff and better pizza. Awesome crust with just the right amount of crispness outside and chewiness inside. Sausage was very good, too...not over seasoned or too lean.
Egg Works is a great breakfast and lunch diner. But, it is also home to the best Cincinnati chili west of Western Hills. They are expanding all over town. Go for a 3, 4 or 5-Way and life is good. Very friendly staff and solid service.
One of my favorite Chinese joints in college. Portions are huge, so large that I think 2 people can finish one lunch item. The menu has so many varieties of foods. I love the fried rice here...The staff is nice and they have a lot of seating to accommodate a large group. Very inexpensive and I highly recommend it!
Sucks they try to over charge you upon return. Customer services sucks! Very slow. They have no shuttle to and from airport! Very rude! Not in safe area! Rent somewhere else!!!!!!
Enjoyed a great night of comedy. Thanks!
This place was amazing. It reminded me of the little cafes I ate at in Italy. The pizza was to die for. We will be back for sure!
Nandos was by far my favorite chain restaurant in Europe. The butterfly burger was amazing, as I had one in the London, Dublin, and Edinburgh location. A must have if visiting!
The Manager here is an idiot this guy has an ego way to big for his own good. The food is good but over priced but because of Management I will never return.
Good food and great view!
There is a note at the bottom of each page of their menu that reads\"No Substitutions\". They are not kidding at all. That is a deal breaker for me. \n\nSorry, won't be returning.
Fast service and the grilled ham and cheese was decent too.  They charged $9 for a mimosa and $9 for a split of champagne so I ordered the split and asked for a small glass of OJ.  So basically I got two mimosa for the price of one.\n\nWhoo hoo!
The best hot dogs ever!
Whole Paycheck prices!  What more is there to say!  A small cart will be over $400!\nWayne Gorsek
Nothing about Satori really blows your hair back but they do have great specials on sushi. I frequent it often because it's convenient to where I live.
Amazing! Great Food! Great service!  party of 9 and service was Awsome.  Will Return before we leave town!
Service was par, food was terrible. The food had no flavor at all. Got the chicken salad sandwich with potato salad. Both equally bland and horrible. Didn't even eat 1/4 of it. Even the \"homemade\" were disappointing.  Wasted $$. Will not try again
I was not impressed with there \"pasta bravo\" there signature dish . I also was equally disappointed with the lasagna . the red sauce is way to sweet .. I'm not going to go there again ...olive garden is a way better option to give you a idea ..not to mention most others
Update: Had Zyggyz again, and I liked it more. The beef curry was good, chicken tikka masala was a big sweet for me, but ok.
Can't get much worse food, more overpriced drinks and sterile service.
Kind of messy unorganized there are people working here but not really working. I walked around the store a couple of times before I found what I was looking for. The best part was checking out. The cashier was nice.
This is our favorite Indian restaurant in the city.  Very consistent and good.  Authentic decorations and music.  Be ready to search for parking during the college school year.
slow, slow, slow!
The restaurant is a classic family owned mexican cantina vibe with quality food and a fun atmosphere. The menu is large and the drinks are strong. Definite a solid place to check out.
This is nothing more than a cantine for students. Food is decent but don't expect anything \"wouah\" but be prepared to wait, be unconfortable and finaly leave because you can't cope with the chaos anymore.
Worst pharmacy ever!!!!!!!!! I have thought they would improve but was wrong. They mislabel prescriptions, and are incompetent . Go elsewhere .
The atmosphere here really lost something after the change from Cosmos. It seems very drab and plain. The food is ok at best. In the weekends they turn a small portion of the place into a \"dance floor\".
Great place for lunch.  Definitely better than the other Cave Creek Mexican restaurants.
We had a great experience at Hussong's! Not only was the food fantastic, but the hospitality by the owners was awesome. My husband and I ate there twice during our trip to Vegas because we liked the food so much.
Beautiful place to watch fireworks on 4th of July! A truly romantic place as you can see the moon reflection on the lake and as you walk on the park, there's a lot of colorful lighting that lights your way. This is my great escape place when I need to wind up.
This is a big Happy hour place or at least it was when I was living in the Phoenix/Tempe area in my twenties!  The Green Corn Tamale with their own Baja Sauce.  This is a great dish!  The service was good and the restaurant was clean.
Service by Sherri was fine, but food was underwhelming and expensive. Fried Mac & Cheese was bland and the mini-burgers were mostly bun. Highlight was the signature burger with slightly sweet, white chocolate bun -- good with Tobasco.
My roommates and I love this place! Their hot n sour soup is really good and I really like their steamed dumplings and fried rice. They're super nice and quick when you call for take out. Delicious!
Not bad for the store itself, great location and it's within easy reach from SR-51 & SR-202 on the corner near Scottsdale Rd. & Shea Blvd.  This store even opens 24/7, which is a plus if you need something in the middle of the night and can't get it anywhere else.
Delicious fried pickles, I really enjoyed my classic burger with onion rings.  They had a fairly adventurous menu and the prices were reasonable,  Also the decor of pigs wearing cow suits was really cute.  Would eat here again.
I went there for happy hour.  The chips and salsa were good.  I was a little disappointed in the service.  We had to ask for everything.  I sat there with an empty glass for quite some time.  The bartender could have been having an off night so I will give them a try again.
Pretty good thai food. I have been here twice and enjoyed the curry dishes very much. Great quality food and perfectly prepared. Service is always prompt and friendly - great place for lunch and dinner.
Good solid Ma and Pa Restaurant.   I had no idea this Restaurant was here, and highly recommend you try if if you've never gone.\n\nThe Atmosphere is quaint, cozy, and great for a date/conversation.
Great service and decent food. However only place I have ever been in the USA where they want to charge for refills on sodas?? Crazy & a ripoff! Even the waiter was embarrassed when he told us!
The rooms looks old, the beds are hard, all the decor is dated or beat up or in rough shape. It is deafly not one of the best station properties, we probably will not stay here ever again until upgrades are made to the rooms.  They need to spend some of that UFC money on up grading this property.
I haven't been here for awhile since I've moved across town, but this still stands as my favorite Chinese restaurant in Phoenix. My favorite items are the Orange Chicken, Lemon Chicken and *the best* Hot and Sour Soup. Large portions, excellent quality. It was always very affordable, the lunch specials in particular.
I love Yogurtland. They have the best and most unusual flavors of yogurt. They have every topping you can imagine and the prices are good. My favorite is Taro and they always seem to be out of that. Ha- maybe because it is the best flavor!
Is there a dress code for the post office psi test? I dont know if im supposed to come in dress to impress or not.
Great food and decent prices.  Much better prices than traditional places like Macayo's and Manuel's.    Usually good service but can be challenged when there are a lot of people.  Great bar as well.
Great atmosphere!
I don't think material is fresh enough
Just okay. The food was overpriced. And portions are quite small. I expect that from a fancy dining kind of place, but this Public House doesn't belong in that category. at all.
We're \"too busy\" to help you\": 7pm 20 October- even though I was the only one waiting for quite sometime. Seems the word on the street from the youth we serve is true. Not recommended.
The filet mignon was fantastic!  Service was great.  Even with reservations the wait was annoying and it gets packed by the door. As with any other restaurant in Vegas, it was a bit spendy but worth it for the food and service.
Horrible service. Waited over an hour and sat at the table for 15 minutes before any service. Food was normal iHop quality. Walk out worthy
It's just ok.  At first, the food tasted pretty good, but as we settled into the meal we found it to be quite greasy.  In fact, my wife got sick from the meal while I only had an upset stomach.  I think we'll have to find another place.
This pizza is not good, call Streets of New York. I called Mr. Jim's twice and both times I got a recording instead of a human and I always have to give my info. Pizza is greasy and has no flavor!
The pizza is pretty good. The employees not so much. I called twice tonight and was hung up on both times.
This is an overpriced fast food restaurant that is 24 hours.  So overpriced for what you get.
We love Joe's Crab Shack.  We make the trip down from Scottsdale at least twice a month to enjoy Joe's wonderful Steam Pots.  A family favorite is the Lobster Daddy Steam Pot.  Even our 4 year old son loves Joe's.  Always a happy, family friendly environment.
Pretty expensive but an amazing place to party in Vegas. We went on Carmine Electras birthday and the place was poppin off!! Pussy Cat Dolls room was pretty tight and the balcony was amazing!!
Got a half price drink for checking in to Yelp at Fat Tuesday. The service was good and food was good. Was there long, but had no compliments.
Yo! I got a burger and peanut butter milkshake here! How fuckin rad is that! Peanut butter milkshake son! Burger was rad too!
They got me in and out quickly for my appointment at the Genius Bar.  Unfortunately when I got home I realized the problem I came in for hadn't been solved.
I wish more chains had great quality foods and ambience rich environments. I thoroughly enjoyed my roasted turkey, avo blt!
Service was on point. The food appears to be pretty consistent as this is my third time having lunch here. The lunch and dinner menu seem very similar.  My favorite part are the desserts. I absolutely love the fruit tarts and often find myself grabbing a bunch ( for peace of mind) lol.
Love this place! They just expanded to a new shop and it's absolutely beautiful! Nice people. Only negative is it is a bit slow but for a lazy Sunday morning the slow is actually great! Gives it a nice cozy feeling in a family atmosphere.
I have been going to Valle Luna since I was a kid. It is one of the few places left in Phoenix that is relatively unchanged.  I always have a good time, great service and good food. And the house margaritas are always plentiful. MMMM, margaritas.......
So delish!!!  I love going there and I'm definitely lovin' the Sanrio collaboration =)
Overall its a pretty cool place. Cold beer and good wings but the service us hit or miss and some if the bands bring in a rough croud.
The food is poor, but the margaritas are good, esp. at happy hour prices. A good place to spend time with a large group, but go for the drinks and eat somewhere else.
Awesome!!
Great experience! The staff was very accommodating, and the massage itself was fantastic. They really work hard and do not cut any corners. I went with two of my friends on Easter and they were able to get all of us in and we were all happy with the people who did our massage. highly recommended
The waiting is too long!! They should expand their patio , offer a complementary drink if you wait is more then an hour ! Who waits an hour to go out to eat! This is the reason i dont come here. She wanted to come here!
Since living in AZ this is the only mechanic I go to that I can trust.  Amazing service at an amazing price.  \n\nMy whole family and friends all take our vehicles to BD Car Care. \n\nMake sure to say hi to Dario and Allen when visiting.  These guys are real pros!!!
Brand new place, great beer selection, and delicious pasties. I'm always looking for something new, and this fit the bill. I'll definitely be back!
Very bad management!!!  They spill my drink all over my crotch and can't comp my meal.  And they still charged me for the drink on my pants.  ASSHOLES!!
I love Middle Eastern food, and Basha is my favourite. The workers here are great. This is the one I always go to, even though I find this to be the second best Basha there is (with the first being the one on St. Catherine and Mansfield - right next to Sports Expert).
Wonderful mall! A nice blend of high end stores and regular priced stores. Parking can be annoying on the weekends so I'd recommend getting there close to opening or more towards closing if you need to go on a Saturday or Sunday,
The pupusas here are as good as the ones I got on the side of the road in El Tunco, El Salvador last summer. The only difference is those cost me 25 cents each while these are 20 times that. I guess that's what happens when you have to pass American health codes...
Very crowded at points of the night.  The girls were great at pole dancing by the DJ.  Drinks were pricey. Wait to get in wasn't that long. Overall, o-k.
The location and the atmosphere of UP were lovely, and the food was pretty good too. I felt that the for a lunch time sandwich shop that it was way overpriced. For this reason I dont think that I will be going back, at least not very often. Its too bad because I live less than 5 minutes from here.
Oh my. The food is delicious. Reminds me of going to the south, good home style cooking. I get the chicken cabbage and Mac and cheese. My lady gets catfish, greens, and Mac and cheese. I have tried other soul food restaurants, and they don't come close to comparing.
No service, that's none, by female bartender on Sunday.  I left and will never return.  Pass the word.
Ordered margarita pizza which was nothing great,the spaghetti was flavorless ,I wouldn't go here again,could have gotten something much better for the amount I spent here
Been going to Marita for few yrs and first time with Michelle and love my hair color and cut!  I'm very particular on people cutting and coloring my hair and felt confident at salon VIP.
This is really good food. A little loud, but nothing to much. The chicken tenders are great! Very good fries, salads are legit and good-sized. New Mexico burger wad excellent.
Ox tail soup special after 11pm. market Street Cafe.
Roma Garden is a nice, small place that is great for a romantic dinner with your loved one. The food was good and rich in quality. I believe the menu is mostly $14+ items. The waitstaff is very friendly and do their best to make your evening out as comfortable as possible.
As much as I loved this place it closed down.  RIP Los Burritos.  However, I did see I was bought out by another Mexican join.  Need to check it out some time
The frozen drinks were appealing to the eyes but not the palate.  The chili dogs were appealing to neither.
Went here for breakfast.  Told the wait would be 15 - 20 minutes.  Waited 30 minutes.  Went to ask how much longer.  Told 30 more minutes.  Our name was 2nd down on list.  Do not appreciate being lied to about the wait.  We left.
The best sandwich there is the chicken cheese steak. It is so good. Never disappointed when I eat that.  So worth the price.
Comfortable and flavorful, and I hear there's a nice view when it's not so cloudy...that actually might have bumped the rating up a star.
Nice place, nice box, nice people. An highly recomended place to learn and practice Cross Fit. Thanks guys !!!
We love the food, our second time here. Unfortunately, we sat at the bar and the people just not friendly. We sat at the bar and I think the guys name is Chris, very antisocial, etc. But at least the food is great
Takara is pretty good, but the sushi is too darn expensive unless you get the lunch special.  The vegetarian teriyaki was OK, but not spectacular.
The diner at the Gold Spike is amazing. Monica, April and Morgan are excellent - they took care of me SO many times in the 3 days I was in Vegas at the Gold Spike. Lorenzo and Leon are great chefs - they run great, efficient kitchens that turn out delicious food. Give these guys a raise!
Delicious pizza! I just enjoyed a slice of pepperoni and Italian sausage with the perfect amount of grease on thin crust. Best part, it cost me less than $3.50. Will frequent for lunch.
First time visit. Great view of strip at table. Wonderful atmosphere. Great food. Good prices. Great service.
Enzo's is a nice change to the business park and offers good Italian food. Calamari is on point and the pizza is equally delicious
I LOVE coming to natural nails for pedicures. I have been to  lots of nail salons in Madison and this is by far the best!! They take their time, give you long hand/foot massages and are VERY friendly. Mary is wonderful!!!!
This place is ridiculously awesome. We have been coming here for awhile and never had a bad meal or bad service. Cheaper than nasty chain mexican food, and 50x better tasting. If you are in the area you need to stop here. I recommend a few of the bean tostadas, they can't be beat!
Food is ok and service is fast but it's cheap. So I guess it's not bad. Though the waiter sucks couldn't keep his eyes off TV screen. I still go back just because it's close to my place
I have to return some stuff today and u hate this place again, and again. Uggggggggg stop coming here.
Five star!  The staff is amazing, the amenities are top notch.  I enjoyed the pool, fire pit, daily happy hour, shuttle service, and the free bike rental.  I've visited here twice: the beds are so comfortable! My stay was pleasant and relaxing.  I highly recommend this resort.
Been here twice for happy hour during spring trainingg.  Good little spot off Mill.  Get the tater tots w/ cheese and bacon, its huge.
As good as it gets!  Great breakfasts and crazy good desserts at a fair price with good service.
Tasty ice cream, service is pretty good. I can never finish my ice cream, but that's alright with me.
4 stars for the service.\n4 stars for food presentation.\n3 stars for taste (Udon was a tad too bland)\n3 and a 1/2 stars for atmosphere.\n\nExtremely meduim overall.
My favorite Vietnamese restaurant here in Vegas. Great prices and service is really quick. Food is tasty as well. And most of all, 24 hours!!
always smiling and happy.\nthey have all the goodies you need when you want to spoil your hairy friend.
Great service and great food make this a win/win.  First time trying this place and very happy and will be back for sure. We are breakfast people and this hit the spot.  Come try it yourself to see!!!
the bread...the bread...the bread.  \n\neat it and be happy.
Yuk. Everything at this place is Made In China, Made in Honduras, or Made in Pakistan and priced like it is Faberge. BOO! Hiss!
The best thing about this restaurant was the variety of margaritas.  The food was just so-so at best.  The service, too, was merely average.  I asked for queso dip and was provided a plate of refried bean dip.  We won't be back.
The bread is awesome. Light on the meat, and the veggies weren't the freshest. Will go back only with a coupon as its costly for a sandwich.
Not a bad place. I came to the jazz and poetry night Tuesday. I enjoyed the atmosphere and my cheap beer. The round booths facing the stage makes for comfortable place to sit for a few hours.
The pastries all look good but because of their hours I never get to try them. Bakeries should be open early and all weekend. This place is right next to my house and I go out every weekend for coffee and something sweet. I'd like to do more than peek in the windows at this place.
Great pit stop before heading back to LA!
Definitely a crappy bar. I didn't expect much and that is what I got.
We tried this place a third time due to proximity and the service was consistently horrible. \n\nThe manager's attention was requested and for the second time, she didn't show. \n\nVery, very bad service and it's hard to screw up a buffet!
didn't they close already?. we wasted $23 on a all organic gluten free pizza that took them an hour to deliver less than 1/2 mile, and it was tasteless and the size of half a large pizza.
This place is great and really close to my workplace. Friendly people work here, makes it worth the walk.
Great diner food, great diner service, great diner prices. 3 eggs, a ton of gyro meat, hash browns, and ALL YOU CAN EAT pancakes for $8.95.
Jen comes to my daughters school to do Yoga.  She is a really positive person and engages with the kids.  I hear that she is tougher on the moms to make sure they reach their goals. I can't wait for my hip to heal so I can take her classes.
Kinda lame. If you have never been check it out. The view is very nice. But it is small and get's boring quick. Fun to socialize there. Not party. Check out Rain instead.
Duck creek...aw the del prado park of the 89123. I know of \"kids\" my age who still go there to do dumb high school middle school shenanigans. Definitely a lot of pill heads and thieves. Some things never change.
very good place for south Indian spicy food. We went for  dinner and not for buffet.  Chittinad dosa, Chicken Biryani,  chilli baby-corn, Chicken Chittinad, garlic naans are good.
I don't think this location can handle a lunch crowd. It took 25 mins (on my 1 hr lunch) to get my food. Service is very slow.
Great quality produce.  Wish I lived close to a Brennan's!
Feta red pepper dip is good if you don't like fish eggs switch it out for either the cucumber dip or roasted red pepper .. Saganaki was delish as well
best carne asada fries!!!!! we have to stop here every trip to vegas tons of meat and cheese and not pricey for the amount easily enough for two ppl with leftovers and they let u take beer inside
15 DELICIOUS micro brews on tap, and we tried a sample of them all, all fantastic. Full, local and organic menu- the fish tacos were spicy and delicious. Our waiter was awesome, friendly and had great recommendations. A little more expensive than the surrounding spots but totally worth the extra buck!!
Across the street from Autozone.  If you're too lazy to cross the street this this is your answer.  These stores are a mirror image.  Can two stores sell enough wiper fluid to stay in business?
We tried Bistro after seeing tons of great reviews, and they had gluten free crust. The service was great, but the pies weren't anything special ... And left both of us with nasty tummy aches--and we had two different things! Disappointed.
Horrible customer service. Waitress was not friendly. Hostess was bothered when asked for an extra kids menu for my son to color on.
The cleaning visits got shorter and shorter each month they came out, they went from a cleaning crew of 3 to only 2 and left basic things dirty; my TV Stand dusty, the toilets barely wiped and the shower grimey. They are cheap but you're house doesn't even get cleaned.
The beer selection is OUTSTANDING.  I've only eaten here once, but the appetizers left a lot to be desired (guac from a mix, very greasy).  A bit on the pricey side but where else can you get such a selection on draft?
The staff is so rude words can't even express. If you hate your job that much find a new one dont take it out on your customers.
I got my hair colored here. After a few hours and a lot of paste, it came out great. Had I known how fast the color would lighten up, I would have went a shade darker. This place charged me an extra $15 because I have thick hair and they used more than the normal amount of hair color (lame).
I loved their Ham sandwich and their pepper chips rock. But then I found out the ham sandwich with a thick cut of ham was only a limited time sandwich so its no longer available. What a bummer. I was going to start making this my regular lunch time pickup place. Maybe they'll decide to make limited sandwiches more permanent.
It was just ok.  I've had better bar food.  I'd rather go to Balboa's for sure.  Our service was absolutely horrible.  There weren't that many people in the bar and she only stopped by our table once.  I wouldn't recommend it since there are other 24 hour places open in Henderson.
I got Mahi Mahi and Spicy Chicken. The Mahi Mahi was ok, nothing special. The spicy chicken was good, not great. The amount of rice was for 4 people. Personally I like Island Flavor much more! This was typical fast food Hawaiian food type of restaurant.
Service was good. I just didn't care for the ribs and this is why I went there. The ribs were fatty and lacked flavor. They reminded me of $5 rib packs I can buy at fresh and easy to heat up in the microwave. The drinks were tasty and they have good happy hour.
Melissa, the waitress was very attentive, she was great.  Bloody marry needs improvement, drinks in general were lousy.  I'm still not impressed with the food.  Schucks.
The casino area smells really bad.  I would go more often if it didn't smell like smoke, sweat and feet.  Everyone of my friends say the same thing.  They need to prob get new carpet chairs and clean the whole place daily.
Always love pita jungle food but the downtown location consistently has bad service.
This Fresh & Easy is a smaller store in comparison to the others in the city. This location is right in the ghetto of North Las Vegas. Yes I admit I shop here on occassion but it's only for one or two items. I'll go to a different one or Smith's. Thanks.
Service is always terribly slow. Pizza is mediocre. Never wear heels- super slippery floor!
Everything I've tried here, I've liked! It gets pretty crowded during the lunch hour but they're always been able to accommodate a larger group it seems! The prices of what I wanted seemed a bit high to me but I always managed to get somtehing in my lunch budget.
Pretty clean for a Chinese restaurant. Bathroom was freshly cleaned.  Had Egg Foo Young for lunch, which was OK.  I was the only diner...  Very quiet place.
Had been looking forward to eating there. Was greeted by the woman at the counter, shown to a table, waited 15min then told the wait for pizza was 40. Server offered to call ahead to other location while we drove. There was no call. See other review for part 2. Poor planning on a busy evening.
It's a simple, straight forward menu and everything is done to perfection. The salad is minimalistic but the dressing is unique and flavourful. The steak is full of flavour and cooked exactly to your liking. Ambiance brings you to feeling like your in Paris. Love it every time.
I don't get to Carlsbad Tavern as much as I would like to but there food is really great!  The atmosphere is warm and inviting as well.  I think I need to go get some of that good green chile right now to warm me up!
Very much liked the experience here and what a great alternative to the resort pools.  Good music and good bartenders.  \n\nScene is a bit young and Affliction/tap-out prone but not sure what else one would expect!  Still a great time.
Went here last night and the atmosphere is wonderful.  The food is not so wonderful.  I got the New York strip and they copy city by the plate coming out sizzling and hot.   Steak was good but not near as good as city hall or capital grille.
Desert Wireless was awesome! They were the cheapest, fastest, iphone screen repair in the city! They were also very nice. I would definitey go back ;)
$1 Tacos on Tuesday are great!!  Good size and plenty of meat in them...
This place has a cool look on the out side but I didn't like the fact that they charged $5 for a tray of measly small samples of 5 different sodas. This is just outrageous.\n\nOverall, tourist trap =P
For leaving me BEREFT, Luigi's, and without delicious pizza, I give you ONE STAR.\n\nI hate you for closing.
Dive bar.  Free pool. Free popcorn. Free WiFi.  Cheap beer.  Sassy staff.  English friendly.  Knowledgeable bartender.  Yup - not bad.
Love this place! Great for the family as my kids enjoy all the activities with the rock climbing,soccer and martial arts. Great staff and facility
This place is alright... pretty convenient to I-85 and Concord Mills.  Nothing really special to report here... just fast, efficient, friendly service... with a very clean dining room.
With a trendy name like Bad Daddy's Burger Bar, I was expecting a bad ass twist on the American burger or at least a darn good burger. The food was just barely ok and for the price I am disappointed. The burger was dry and the onion straws were soggy.
I am from Chicago and this pizza is pretty good.  I like the thin crust. We usually just get cheese and sausage. The staff is very friendly.   I would suggest u give this place a try.
Decent place to come for breakfast cuz it's pretty hard to mess up breakfast. I wouldn't come here for any other meal. They have the traditional American stuff, so it's like an all-you-can-eat Denny's or IHOP.
It's going out of business! Get your personalized, whimsical items at discounted prices while you can!\n\nThey have cards, picnic items, party favors...lots of bright colors and many things have personalized letters on it (for those of you into stuff with your initial on it).
It was okay, not what I expected.  The toasted bun was nice, but the flavor from the chipotle chicken was lacking.  Both of the ice machines were out of ice so the fountain drink was not very cold.  For the money, it could have been spent better elsewhere.
Absolutely amazing! Bought a tin of chocolate chip macadamia cookies and they are to die for. Yvonne was amazing and managed to greet every single person who walked in the door with a smile and without a worry even though she was the only person in the store. She was great cookies were great... Definitely our new sweet treat.
I was really disappointed overall. The whole castle felt more like a showroom to appease curious tourists rather than a historical landmark. My favorite part believe it or not, was the dog cemetery. I did not find the audio guide to be too user friendly either.
Funky interior, decent music, very pleasant staff and customers and, bizarrely, Cumbrian dancing being practiced in the back bar. A delightful find.
Super super slow. Expect a 15 minute wait in the drive through and about 50% if the time the food is cold or old.
Before you order anything from Body Aware, be aware that they do not take returns!  I ordered a pair of boxers online for my boyfriend, and they're so cheaply made.  At $25, I expected far better quality.  I of course wanted to return them, but I failed to read the fine print on their site - no returns.
Worst bank/cu I've ever used. Fees for everything!! They're just crooks trying to rip off hard-working people.
I am working with McKenzi on a couple of projects.  She is very creative and insightful.  With a camera (still or video) in her hands she doesn't take a picture of just you, but she actually gets to WHO you are.  She is amazing; very professional; an artist.  Thank you McKenzi!
Meh. And they won't accept ApplePay anymore. Just go to Walgreens up the road. Wait forever for scripts.
First words that come to my mind after seeing this spectacular show of cirque de Soleil is WOW WOW! It is truly something else. Well worth the bucks. Now it's hard to find nice shows under $150 for some good seats with view. If you want to Make the most of your trip treat yourself to this wonderful show.
Wings are just okay. Nothing to really talk about, they were just there.\n\nBeers are CHEAP!!! a shock top is 1.50...what the deuce?? Yeah i will be back!
Ok not too much fun of mexican suhi. Love the Japanese sushi period..... dont like the fried sushi prices are way to expensive and not even good food. I won't be back because too expensive, no happy hour and don't like fried sushi sorry not a good place for me to eat
Absolutely amazing Ribeye! Worth every penny. \nService was quick and precise\nSeated immediatly with reservation.
Monti's is undergoing a large construction project which impacts the interior smell. We had to ask to move as the odor of paint thinner was dimming everyone's brain.\n\nI'll wait until after summer to re-try.\n\nThe shrimp salad is so-so.
Not happy. Mountainside just sent a letter saying they will charge all Members an annual fee of $25. Bad biz move. This wasn't mentioned when i signed up and is unethical. Bad move mountainside\nThe Mens Locker room smells like body odor.
Sourdough waffles were delicious.  Chicken and bacon waffles were amazing.\n\nGreat service at the bar. Espresso and mocha were spot on.
I absolutely love this car wash, they take great care of my car and the customer service is amazing!! Thank you Ecowash!
This place has amazing shabu. The service is amazing and their meat is true quality.\nCan't wait to come back here!
New york style pizza.  EVERY topping costs you $2 to $5.  Kind of expensive.  Lacking in cheese. Crust was good but honestly ate 2 slices and salad and I could have had more.  Service was great.  Not the best pizza I have had.
Not enough seating to enjoy the experience. They do not serve food, bad idea.
Awful service! Want some bread, or a glass of water? You'd do better to run to Jack in the box and come back. The food is good, but I won't be back. Honestly, I've had better food at much lower prices too.
Fantastic prices on produce. All fresh and ripe. 3 boxes of strawberries for a dollar?! WOW!!! This place is a true treasure. Support local businesses and shop here!!!
This place was pretty cool. I got passes so I didn't have to pay, which was cool. The ambiance is pretty nice and I like the music they play.  The drinks weren't too expensive. I guess I've seen more expensive drinks at other nightclubs.
this place has great food not only that but the most awesome view you can imagine!!!!! you can ride a roller coster  if you wanted to they even have bungie jumping! A+++++++ for the food.. great place for kids during the day time but once it hits dark its all for adults
I love Lowe's. Everyone is so helpful and I like how they email you deals and tips that you like according to what you purchase at the store.
Just wanted to eat breakfast. Hostess #1 said just needed to wipe down a table, hostess #2 said 5-10 min.  15 min later still waiting.  Guess we'll go somewhere else.
The burger I had was fine but the service was sloooooow, we ate half are meals without a drink
Service is always great at this location. Buca used to be one of my favorites, until there decline in taste. The last time I ate here nothing disappointed me.
We hadn't been here in a while so we decided to try it again.  It was a disappointment..the frozen yogurt always seems grainy--not creamy like I've had at other frozen yogurt shops.
After being disappointed by several expensive Italian restaurants in a row, Zio knocked my socks off.  Great prices and the spiedies are where it's at if you happen to like beef and bread.  Hooya!
My company used Cloud 9 to cater its technology event with the APTA! They were amazing and the desserts were delicious! So glad we found them!
Friendly service, excellent results, low pricing. They came in at thousands less than California Closets and made our store front so beautiful - I get compliments on a daily basis. I highly recommend Alessandro and Custom Closets!
My mom and I had a good and pleasant experience here. Lots of crepes to choose from on the menu, plus a lot of coffee drinks and non-alcoholic cocktails. Our server was SO friendly and sweet, I wish I had caught her name! Overall, we were very satisfied.
Went here with some friends after an ASU Graduation Ceremony and it was dead. Service was alright and our chef was nice but wasn't very engaging. The chicken fried rice was the best I have ever had from a teppenyaki style restaurant. The steak on the other hand was not cooked to liking.
Checked this place out for the first time.  With the exception of it being very hot inside (had all the doors open no A/C) it was a really for a social area.  We didn't have food, only drinks so I can't comment on the food.
How hard is to keep track of a small fry and smoothie? They have yet to get my or my parent's order right at this location. It would seem that management is lacking as everyone is standing around trying to figure out what they should be doing.
J'ADORE cet endroit pour l'entra\u00eenement. Avec Alain Bonnamie et Kimiko, on est s\u00fbr d'une grande mise en forme. Je vous le conseille fortement!!
if your a foodie do not go.. if you dont care about quality then go. Burger not good. Bread was hard and stale.
Royal flush Capitol of the world my ass. The machines are tight. The clientele is scary. I was constantly looking over my shoulder. I felt so uncomfortable here that a future visit is highly unlikely.
I love seeing downtown come around. I went to this place on a Thursday around 7pm and plenty of seats were free.  Drinks are great and the food was excellent.  I would have given this 5 stars but our server was not the best.
Very good food and wine, friendly server, and a great view of the fountains at the Bellagio.
This is my solid \"go to\" restaurant. You only need to know three things: Diablo Chicken Pasta, Corn Bread, and Margaritas. All their food is good but these are guaranteed good. \n\nGreat for take out as well!
This price is overpriced and has crappy service. I was there in September and it's was really hot when we were eatting. I asked if they could turn the air down an they told me the air conditioner was broken.
The pizza is mouth watering and  refreshing.  The service is 5 star and if it isn't right, they make it right and you are very pleased with your experience when you walk out the door.
Off the chart!! Best dogs on the planet! Their menu is vast and the put together combinations like no other. Incredible .
Groupon.\nBeer flight.\nArizona Honey Wheat. \nYes.
I'm always on a quest for real thin crust NY pizza. Stumbled upon Rocco's on my visit to Vegas. This place is the real deal! Fantastic pizza! I wish we had a Rocco's here in LA. Can't wait to go back!
Good Happy Hour with discount apps and drinks.  Enjoyed the chips and salsa with hot sauce on the side.  The mini chimi platter app was delicious.  Would be five stars except prices were a tad high even with the Happy Hour discount.
Started off good. Nachos were good. Drinks were good. The food poisoning my mom and I now have from eating there? Not so good. Will not be coming back.
Great place for happy hour with fantastic prices and the food was really good!  Very nice service as well.
Horrible service, went there at a cold night at 10:17 pm and the server told us they stopped serving at 10:15pm WTF . They were clearly open till 11:00pm and knew we were new and it was really cold outside...well horrible.\nVenky
I place large orders from this location for my office frequently. The website is easy to use and the local staff is helpful answering questions about special orders. They're almost always punctual and accurate.
Manager Sandra has zero customer service and spends more time telling people how fabulous she is than serving.  She is greedy beyond belief refusing to staff any wait staff besides herself for a party of  20+.  Jay the bartender is the only redeeming factor here.  But no worries for unsuspecting customers.  Doors should be closed permanently by 2015.
The sushi was disgusting. Our waitress was very rude and paid no attention to is. The raw shrimp was cleaned at all and was a gray color. Never going back again, I would never recommend anyone else to either.
Our server Laura was Great very attentive and very knowledgeable of the Menu. The ahi tuna civiche was excellent suggested by Laura also Lou the manager was a real cool dude. Thanks for the service will c u soon
I'm here once a week and I love it. Great food at great prices. Sign up to receive emails and they send coupons on a regular basis. The spoons aren't golden though, but the yogurt is great!
Best pizza in cave creek!
The clothes seemed tried.  They did have some designer labels that were high end.  You just need to be in the mood to hunt.
Dr Rooh is great! I've been seeing him for a few years, he's very reasonable and goes out of his way to be available. I leave there always feeling better than when I went in:)
Love Love this place.  Kevin is the best!
Our party of six agreed we would not be returning to Noca or recommending it  with all of the other wonderful restaurants in Phx.  Definitely too noisy for  $$$ dining. With everything being a la cart the proportions were definitely not worth the money,  Even the pasta was less than a 4 oz and tough in texture.
I have been here twice.  The service is quick, the food is cheap and tasty, but both times I ate here it made me sick.  Too bad :(
We have been this to Island's many times. The burgers are OK. I love the french fries (Especially the chili cheese fries). Most of the appetizers are pretty good. Service is hit and miss. This time we had a good service. For the inconsistent service, it is 3 starts.
Extremely underwhelming. My Brussels sprout hash was hardly cooked. The mushrooms and Brussels sprouts were nearly raw and had no flavor. Disappointing!
I love Fat Tuesday drink but I'm giving this location a 3 star review because the service was bad. Guy looked like he was miserable and made it clear he was annoyed. We didn't give him reason to be so his attitude was uncalled for. Other than that, our drinks were good and definitely got us feeling tipsy.
Excellent Mexican food, great service, nice spice salsa, the flan no tiene madre
The food is good and there's a wide selection, not just sushi. The service is fast and friendly.\n\nI've been here multiple times and it's a great spot to get some dinner at before catching a movie at Town Square.
Weak drinks, there I said it. Country music atmosphere. Plenty of T&A from the staff though. Overall average bar nothing special
Better than a museum. Hundreds of little interesting pieces and smart furniture. I could spend hours in here figuring out how stuff works. Shopping here is way too easy to make your place cool - takes the fun out of the find - but I gotta give them credit, their collection is awesome. I could decorate my entire house from this shop.
When we do get pizza it's here... The staff are fast and friendly and the kids love it ... We don't eat a lot of pizza but when we do its \"Luigis\"
Great experience at Market Street Kitchen. We enjoyed salmon, fried green tomatoes, and the market street fish (escolar). The service was great too.
Been living here for many years.   Sports bar with betting, usually fun but since proximity to ghetto can become unpredictably dangerous even though staff tries their best. Owner cane in and yelled at his staff infringement of patrons. . Kind of unprofessional but it is a kind of a dive.  Not for family or dates.
This place is great !\nI get the chili cheese fries and  have a Sanders hot fudge sundae for dessert. Sanders Milk chocolate  is the best. Its a nice mom and pop place and the Detroit atmosphere is prevalent all over the place.
Great real Italian food. If you expect olive garden this is not your place but it is the go to place for good Italian food. The owner is really nice everything I have tried here is good.
Food was fast, hot and very good. However waitress dropped the restaurants rating from 4 to 31/2. I like a nice glass of wine with my meal. By the time I got my glass of wine the waitress had to reheat my meal. Stay away from the blonde and you'll enjoy.
Fantastic service did exactly as they said they would, and even gave a follow up call.  Mike is a great guy great to work with and most importantly the car is as good as new.
Great environment, great food, great everything. Except they have an oompa loompa...and that's hella weird.
I ate here for the first time on Saturday and I must say it was very good,. the place was very clean, the service was great.  Nice sized portions you get a lot.                               I will definitely be back again. Loved it!!!
Great service, open late till 9pm. Good warranties.
I love F&E. they have really good fresh food for reasonable prices. \nToday I ran in and picked up some hummus, garlic naan and a few other items.\nI like that you check yourself out, but there is always someone their in case you need help.
I went on Wing tuesday! WooHoo! Those Mango Habeneros are good! $3.75 for a coors light!?!? I'm not sure what is worse, the price or admitting I drank it?
The food was great and the service was better. It's cheaper which is perfect for a casual date night or dinner with friends. The meals are easily shared and the pizza is definitely made to order. Our server Melissa was so great I asked to speak with her manager. She was patient, quick, easy going and nice. I will definitely go again.
Waited for a crappy bartender to wait on me on a very uncrowded night.  I guess he was texting someone to find more stupid ass white rim glasses.  Still tipped him.  This place has taken a turn downhill, possibly? Shame jack's, for shame!   Lol!
Mango wango is awesome. I have been here a dozen times it is fun, lively every time. Staff has always been good and nice.
On Trac allowed for someone unknown to me sign for a package.. I hope that person is enjoying my Amazon Prime Shipping package since I certainly am not.
What's more hip than getting coffee and delicious treats from an Airstream trailer? We often look forward to Saturday's at the Central Farmer's Market simply to get some of the best coffee in town. The Iced Cardamom is a summer favorite. Can't wait for their coffee shop to open so we can enjoy it every day!
Awesome place. Friendly staff. Good prices. Oh and their vape selection is amazing even compared to Cali. White Cloud definitely knows their stuff
Usually can't go wrong with the JD chicken and shrimp.  Desserts are pretty satisfying as well.
I've finally found an Indian restaurant that I can repeatedly go to! I haven't had Indian food since moving here as I was told there were no good places to go. The buffet at lunch was very good!
Great service by Allison; TERRIBLE food!  Took over 40 min to get awful, cold food.  Spoke to mgr, who never came to table, and only offered dessert as compensation.  \"Banana muffin\" was vanilla cream cupcake?
So ordered at 7pm. Pizza still not here and it's 8:50.  delivery time 8:05-8:15. Right :/ maybe I'll get it before the 2 hour marker.  Never have had it take this long usually here faster than given time. Not happy
I absolutely love going to this restaurant, I've been working on going to all the sushi restaurants in Madison and so far this is one of my favorites! \n\nThe sushi is delicious, and the service is great. Not to mention prices are affordable, I look forward to going here more often.
This place is a joke, ask for a little extra vegs on you salad and they up charge to make the mundane crappy salad 15 dollars. if they served adequate food then i wouldn't need to ask for extra. Complete rip off, hope they go out of business!!!
What a great way to spend an evening as you will be entertained from the minute you sit down. Frankie is an absolute pleasure to watch perform with his band .With his looks, charm and talent  I am sure everybody will know his name soon !\nFantastic experience , thank you Frankie for an absolute splendid evening
The signage at the airport was poor if you do a cross terminal.  In addition, I met the rudest TSA agent I have ever dealt with when asking about which terminal American Airlines was in.  It was like I was bothering him.
Great service, food is fabulous, location is convenient, restaurant is comfy.  Would recommend this place for anyone.
Always busy but with great food you would only expect it.
I went to Cowbell last year with my wife and we loved the food atmosphere and service. We happened to stumble to this restuarant while we were looking for another place to eat we loved the place.
Horrible,horrible service and supremely overpriced food. $11 for 10 tiny wings? Really?
Nice people work here & a welcome addition to the bland downtown lunch scene. Kinda expensive & cramped but that's ok
It's a Taco Bell and Pizza Hut Express combo, what more could you really ask for?!
AS OF 1/3/12.  This restaurant is closed.
Clean gym. They have cleaning supplies to teach members to clean machines after use.\nMembers and staff put weights back. Clean. \n\nMy only questionable and very minor opinion is; shouldn't personal trainers be inspirational? Meaning at least look like they workout themselves? Just saying...
This place has great tasting food which came out pretty quickly.  They also have an enormous selection of beer on tap and great service.
Service was slow and it wasn't busy at all. Food was not so good. Only good food was the seafood.
I was not impressed. The girl who served me was sick and barely had a voice. I don't want to get sick! I got an espresso and it was way to bitter. A good espresso is about 18 seconds of pouring time, it tasted of about 30 seconds.
Rude. Ruder. Rudest.
The walk up window though me off Ok Food but I had better BBQ in Phx
I ordered fries and the drunken monkey shake.  You can never go wrong w/ fries, and the drunken monkey was a hit!  Yum!
Fantastic place, great decor and great food/drinks. Very different from what Ive seen anywhere else, puts you in that perfect mood to eat, drink and just hang. Try the Sonju Yogurt alcoholic drink, you'll thank me for that one, killer! Well done guys!!
What a cool place!  I stopped in this week for a hot tea and a bite to eat.  The staff was super friendly, the decor is quaint, the atmosphere is really relaxed and the food/drinks were amazing!  Can't wait to come back and check-out the pet friendly patio when it gets warmer.
So many different topping choices it's crazy!  I'm a big fan of frozen yogurt and this place fits the bill.  When I saw the birthday cake batter I knew I had found true love.  :)\n\nCheck it out!
Delicious. Delicious. Delicious.
Ordered for the first time the other day.  Everything was great.  Guy who answered the phone also delivered.\n\nToday I go to order and get some imbecile with an attitude about a missing building number on my address.\n\nYeah, not ordering from that idiot again.
Hands down, best carwash on the east side. Friendly staff, low prices, and a quality wash. I got the mini detail for $39 on my new Civic. When they were finished, it looked nicer than when I drove it off the lot!! I will definitely be back here.
Pretty good little shop. I have checked several of them out on the strip. Their accessories are a favorite of mine. Lots of sparkly and fun ones to choose from and not very expensive prices. \n\nI check this place out from time to time when I'm in the area.
Horrible, had to wait almost an hour for a cab to pick me up. Should have just called somewhere else in the meanwhile.
Best Fish Fry in town on Wednesday & Friday nights. Prime Rib for only $10 on Saturday & Sunday is fantastic also.
Agree, worst McDonalds ever. Not only did they mess up our order, they messed up the order before ours.
I was invited to a Tasting which was for a student who was being tested I believe. She was perfectly on time with dishes, meals were perfect temperature. Delightful presentation and flow. Descriptions and open talk after were nice. A great experience & I will return!
Best burger of my entire life. No joke. So juicy. Get the Brie and mushroom angus burger!
Food is good. But they forgot my order and had to wait 40 minutes. They gave my order to the wrong person...
Really good food.... Staff could be a little friendlier but over all pretty good experience
Been in here a couple of times now. Good booze on tap, some interesting spirits, friendly staff and interesting looking venue. Aiming to head back and try out their menu at some point. Well worth a visit if you are passing..
The girl that took my order was extremely rude. Every time I go in there she seems to be working and no matter how nice I am to her she won't even crack a smile. Very uncomfortable to talk to her. Food is delicious though.
small selection and kind of overpriced. \n\ndefinitely avoid on wednesday nights. as saturday mornings are much more lively.
This has to be the worst cupcake I've ever tasted. I've had better cupcakes from the grocery store. every thing is over priced (even for Vegas). But I will say that the shakes are good.
Being the best pizza in Oregon is about the same prestige as being the best hockey player in Uganda, you don't get alot of bragging rights. The pizza and other menu items are decent , service good and the delivery is fast.
Good food but long wait during lunch....if you are hungry this place will get you full.  cozy and nice staff.....great little place!
This paper Fuckin sucks big ass balls they get their money right away but can't deliver the dam paper when their suppose to! Don't sign up for this shit! Paper cheaper at Fry's Food and sale for one dollar at the dtollar store!
Great Place to go to any time of day
I recommend this place due to the cheap combos, cleanliness, fast service, quality of food, and the wide variety of the food. I go all the time with my family and it's always just as great as the time before. It's rare to actually find real Mexican food but Federico's has it 24/7!!!
I got the mixed grill. The lamb and shrimp were overcooked and dry, but everything else was very good. The fact that there are no other good Indian restaurants in Henderson/Green Valley makes this an easy choice to return. The service was very good, the prices were fair, and overall, the food was delicious
This theatre is in the Planet Hollywood Hotel.  Saw Hittsville here last Friday afternoon and it was a great show.  It's very affordable especially when you use a coupon found in one of those vegas coupon books.  It's a fun and wild show featuring impersonators of the Motown legends.
Did a little gambling and won $20 on the penny slots which was definitely nice, but the real win here are the drink specials. $1 Guinness drafts and $3 Irish Car Bombs!! I was able to buy drinks for everyone with my winnings and still have money left over!
Kevin bought Rose Nails.  I was just there and they did a wonderful job.  There is a surcharge for using a credit card, so bring cash, it is well worth the money!!!!!
must-try: sourdough waffles\n\nairy with a slight crunch that melts in your mouth. highly recommend.
I really enjoyed this place. For starters the staff was super nice. The atmosphere was really up beat hard not to have a good time. We came in towards the end of happy hour and the drink specials were great. I love the pizza here we will have to come back here again.
loud, mediocre food
absolute waste of time and money. Good looking waitress but whats the use f the food takes ages to come. Taste is average and not worth the cost. Ie no value for money. Not gonna visit this one again.\nI can cook my own noodles at home for 1/10th the price and 200% better taste.
Don't ever go there for eye brown waxing!! I told the lady I just wanted to clean up and she took half of my eyebrown!! Also, she made one was thinner than other!! Really disappointed!!
Unfortunately the reason why this place  has gone down hill is because it's no longer what it used to be.
Went there last night, service was awesome.  Very friendly and personable. Food was excellent at a very reasonable price. I would choose them over a fast food place any day of the week. My order was done in 5-10 minutes.
I travel a lot....thrilled with new restaurant options. Matts is first disappointment.   20+ min for a less than mediocre Reuben.  Olive & Ivy much better and worth the hike to A gates.....and most likely faster!
Great Place.\n\nJust NEVER have their falafel and hummus and Pita stuff that they sell around salad bar. It is the WORST tasting falafel and hummus I have ever had.
Worst ever!!  Did my nails and they looked horrible. Went back in to fix them and they ignored me and were all looking at me and talking about me. Will never go back and would not recommend anyone else to go either!!!!!!!
Slow service and disorganized
Food is decent. Service is so-so. It is a so-called fast / semi fine dining. What can you expect from a bring-your-own-wine place?
Don't bother with these guys!  I called to make an appointment and never even received a phone call back!  I guess they don't need the business that bad or they are very unprofessional!!!!
The best Japanese restaurant in the area! Always the best food no matter what you try, and a very friendly attentive staff. I great spot for date night or groups. The chefs are always entertaining and I have always left satisfied and too full for my own good
Great place to stay when in Montreal. Can pretty much walk or take metro to anywhere you'd want to go in the city which is great. The rooms I have stayed in are very spacious and the staff here are very user-friendly.
Great venue, fun atmosphere and entertainment. The food potions however  are horribly tiny and mediocre at best. Our party of 4 was very disappointed. Not recommended unless you go for cocktails and light appetizers.
3 of my family members got sick after eating their guacamole.  \n\n1 extra star because it at least tasted good while eating it.  Even if it did make us sick for the next day or 2.
40minutes and still waiting for one slice of cheese- they told me it would be ready in 25 when I called
I'm giving two stars as the service wasn't bad. But the food, oh my god the food, is terrible. The steak burrito I ordered had less flavor then the rice. Even Cholula didn't help. If you're sober go somewhere else. Or just get drinks.
No cover for military.  That's awesome and free parking too!
I had there raw oyster and the Wagyu Filet Mignon.   I have to say food was good but it better be when i spend close to $200 dollars for dinner.  Jean Georges Steakhouse was nice and had very friendly staff.
Spicy deliciousness. Fresh and tasty, every time. My favorite Thai restaurant.
This place closes at 6 on Tuesday.
The pizza here was good. The only complaint I have is that the pizza was a little doughy so we ended up putting it in our oven at home to cook a little longer and it came out delicious. The crust was crispy and the toppings were good. We would come again and hopefully get a pizza that's cooked thoroughly.
Place sucks they refused to take back a jack stand that I  bought from them because I didn't have a receipt. Spoke to the manager and was told the same thing. So I went to the one on Decatur and they took it back. I guess I won't be shopping at the rainbow location anymore!!!
Decent breakfast burritos and surprisingly good rolled tacos.
Had dinner here the other night and it was lovely. The dragon phoenix soup was amazing, the service was wonderful, we'll definitely be going back.
My chicken was raw. I sent it back and it came back to me shriveled up and dried out. My friends meal was better but nothing to rave about. The staff was fantastic...but we wont be back.
Bueno. Definitely would eat here again. Good comida, fair prices, nice environment, good service. If I knew how to give 1/2 stars on my Android I would give 3&1/2 stars but I don't so I'll give 4.
Actually one of the best airports I've been too. \nWould I go back? Hell yeah? \nAnytime soon? Hell no.
grosse zimmer,wenn auch nicht der gewohnte standart von best western,sehr gut gelegen,freundliches personal,w-lan m\u00fchselig..
This place should be called beer pong bar because that's all there is.  Well, plus some to small 40 inch tvs so far away they can't easily be seen. Wont go back.
This place is awesome! Great ambience, friendly staff, and great food and beer. This was a phenomenal first experience, an I will be back.
this place is the gambling mecca for the asian peps out there is was crazy walked in here and did not see one whitey.
Great breakfasts with fresh ingredients and huge portions.  The California Benedict is exceptionally good, with avocados, spinach and hollandaise sauce.  Their sausage is homemade and absolutely delicious.  The hash-browns appear to be homemade too.  An excellent experience that we will repeat as soon as possible!
Just another cell phone store one day great service, one day no one cares, and then the last day its about getting you in and getting you out as quick as possible.
They have quite good banh mi but their service was sux, 15 mins waiting for 3 special sandwiches and they gave the girls who ordered after us the banh mi first WTH?
Angel was our server. He was extraordinary in his knowledge and hospitality skills.  We used a restaurant.com voucher with no hassles.  Everything was perfect.
Went to City Scape, they moved. Went to their new address, door was locked midday. I want to like Lawless, but fate won't let me.
Eggs and toast were actually pretty good for an airport but it comes with McDonald's style hash browns - fries squares.  Gave me bacon when I ordered sausage.  Also charged $4.49 for a small bottle if Perrier - really?  Unfortunately at 6am there aren't many choices here.
The best Mexican restaurant.  They give you tons of food at a reasonable price.  The chips come with a couple different kinds of salsa, one not so hot and the other I've been too afraid to try.  I always get the seafood soup which I've never been able to finish.  Great bang for your buck.
Great food selection and excellent service.  If you're VIP you don't have to wait.  High quality and Pierre Jout Champagne.
We called for hotel reservations.  I can't believe how I was spoken to.  The young lady must have had chip on her shoulder.  I guess she thought I was supposed to be serving her.  I hope the stay is more enjoyable than the reservation experience.\n\nJohnny J..
Have been to Teds somewhat frequently over the past 2 years. The staffs is friendly, efficient and thorough. The lanes are basic, clean and dependable. Business seems consistent and when there is a wait for a lane, it isn't usually very long. The customer/ shooter mentality seems safer then other ranges in the area.
Based on my first time experience, the fountain was so captivating, elegance and beautiful.\n\nA must-see free thing on the strip.\n\nSee u next time :)
My Esthetician Lindsey is Awesome!!! I always leave her feeling Amazing. She helps me maintain my complexion with DermaPlaning and recommending great products!  Thanks Linds!!!
The closest you'll get to NYC pizza in Phoenix. Avoid eating in the restaurant on busy Friday and Saturday nights -- they're super busy and service is incredibly slow because of it. We enjoy stopping in for a couple of slices after a matinee or ordering to go. The Sicilian is quite good, too.
One of the more reasonably priced places on the strip to have a bite to eat.  The food didn't stand out, but I remember it to be good.  The drinks were yummy and cheap.  We got our mid afternoon drink on.  Great place to step inside and cool off from the over 100 degree heat in the summer.
Ewww! Stay far away from this place! What kind of Chinese food is this! Defintely not from Hawaii or San Fransisco! What happened  to the taste? Not good at all!
It was good, but I do feel like it was way over hyped.  I think part of my hangup is that I really just prefer a slice of NY Style Pizza.  Service was good and the varity of pizza was also good.
noisy, mediocre pizza
They are CLOSED now. No more!
We ate here because we were in the area and Yelps good rating. I have no idea why it  is rated 4 stars. This was the worse food I've had in a long time. No flavor and fried rice wasn't fried at all and they swore it was. Good service horrible food.
Porter house! Great stuff and wonderful view outside next to the water show. Perfect for romance.
I like going to the second floor and using my laptop in the quiet room. Although some people don't seem to understand the concept. One guy had his shoes off, snoring as he napped in there. Cmon. There are some weirdos here.
Thank you for incredible service today! I went in for drawer knob bolts and was helped by two associates. The combo of the thread type and length I needed was tricky, but they kept looking until the right product was located. \nI've been in the power tools area before and also had incredible service!
The Griddle is a GREAT little Family restaurant with AMAZING good food & great customer service whether they're slammed or have 1/2 their tables available.
Wonderful fresh food!  I've never had a bad dish here, and just enjoyed the vermicelli with shrimp and the crispy spring roll....so delicious!  The staff is very friendly.  I'll be back soon!
sprouts.. i love it and hate it.. i always end up stopping by on the days where ads overlap.. =/
This place sucks. Food is ok but the people sucks. I had three empty plates but kickin it on the table waiting for someone to take it. They walked by me five times on my second plate. I should have went to the bigger buffets
Love the food! If u dont like spicy stuff i suggest u get under 5 for the spiciness.
Servers don't fully know the menu or the specials
So came down here on a Friday night to check out the local scene.  Well the NO COVER advertisement is a lie and no one was even here.
I have come here many times in the past but am now starting to notice a trend. They are slowly starting to go downhill.\n\nToday's meal consisted of a chewy prime rib, undercooked green beans and a rock hard baked potato. \n\nI sure they start to turn around again.
So apparently there's this thing called seasons and they affect when things are available (brussel sprouts are back)!
This is my choice for Indian food. I go in for the buffet so i don't have to choose which one i want. Favorite would be the curie chicken.
Pho best hang over cure ever for vegas but limited on add ins like certain meats. Service is ok, but horrible for large groups. Their alright in my book, because every time my groups order is put in, our soup comes out within 5 mins, so not complaining.
Went here last night and I'm still thinking about my meal!  Hands down best vegan place I've ever been too! Can't wait to come back when I'm in Tempe.  I'm from NY and haven't found anyplace that comes close to this place! Yum!!!
Such a great place. Good food and great service. I love their caprese sandwich but everything we have gotten there has been great. Highly recommend it!
Vary Poor customer Service from the front door to the Bartenders. The Worst of them Was the So Called Manager. they really all should take Customer Service 101 Training I Would Definitely Not Recommend Any One to Go There. Manager Should go Have His 200.00 Walmart Suit Pressed Out.
Overrated!  Sandwiches are small; bread tastes mass produced without flavor, and the texture is too airy.  Salads are small too.  Atmosphere is that of a frozen yogurt place (bubbly and plasticy) with food aspirations of Panera.
Attended last weekend for the Cactus and Corks event. I'm from Ohio and live in CO so this was an awesome place to check out the deserts terrain. I recommend keeping an eye for for local events and bringing any out of town guests to this garden. Beautiful. Well worth my afternoon
Overcrowded small place and long wait. Food was reasonably good. Location is weird and obscure.\nWe ordered moules frites which was good. I ordered a grapefruit margarita which I didn't like.
This sports bar had a great Chicago atmosphere and was fun to watch the game. The food was also much better than I expected. That being said, I ordered a tall bud light off draft and it was rather warm. I then changed to a bottled 312 in hopes that it would be colder, but alas, it was not.
Overall this is now my favorite hotel in Vegas for several reasons.   Location, price, room, and spa.   We enjoyed our stay and will be back in Aug 2014.  Room was clean and great view of strip.  Central location you can walk right on to the strip.  Hugh spa very relaxing, and decent price for room we got.
My girlfriend and I were here last week to have some sushi, but unfortunately we were disappointed. It was too cold and seemed prepared too quickly. She ended up getting sick right after as well. It's a shame, seemed like a nice Japanese restaurant. We will not be returning.
Bartenders were fantastic and the $3 beers were great too.
Cheap, cheap eats! Really great breakfast and service. The bloody mary was delish and for only $5, it packed a wallop for the small glass.
Nice selection,  Mongolian grill was great. Clean and very good service, price was right.
This place is great! Three of us got pedicures with very short notice. They gave very long massages and my nails look great!
This place is conveniently located around the corner from my apartment.\nCompetitive gas prices and there walk in beer freezer is AWESOME.
Such a horrible experience...the food was horrible...the owner is a jerk...and the cops were even present when the owner started some sort of a scene outside. I would never return.
Sat there for 20 minutes and no one come and take order. Enough said!
They fill this place in past max capacity where it literally is like walking on top of another person just to get anywhere. Even to get back in from outside you have to wait in another line because they have to wait for people to exit first. These people need to be more about customer service instead of money hungry thieves.
Great service & Great people. Thoroughly enjoyed my visit to the Fade Factory and chopping it up with the barbers. Nicole is the truth and definitely knows about quality cuts. Great prices as well, Definitely recommend to anyone looking.
Well...... This pizza was quite bad. BLEH!!! The toppings weren't bad, however the crust was like cardboard!! REALLY, REALLY TERRIBLE....\n     Don't waste your time, appetite or money.
Great staff. Great breakfast and pizza. Classic McGill spot.
Great Tea, Good Food, Horrible Service.
Their mango lasso is mixed with too much yogurt
Try Chinese food here. Very good
Pricey but worth it. The food is fabulous and the service is friendly and efficient. You can't go wrong here.
Great experience with these guys! Professional, quick and very affordable. I highly recommend you hire them if you need sprinkler help.
Love this place.  Always neat and tidy.  Good service.   All the sides are fantastic.  My personal favorite is the radish kimchi.  They don't have grills at the tables but the bbq is still good.  The soups are amazing.  And don't forget the soju!    : )
Wonderful (Thank you Yvonne) Staff very well trained. Large portions and presented very well. Would I go back  you bet
Went on a bachelor party at the end of March.  This was the first strip club we went to.  I was extremely disappointed with the quality of strippers that were there.  I didn't waste my money on one lap dance.  We went to 2 other strip clubs that were incredible.  This place is definitely not worth your time.
Been there twice so far and have to say Maggie is so sweet and very knowledgeable. She listens to your concerns and gives you advice outside of acupuncture to help with your problem. The office is very clean and easily accessible to anyone who lives in the south hills.
Good Chinese at reasonable prices.. they even have a late night menu.. only problem is the bad service!!
This is one of my favorite places in Vegas.  I go there at least once a week. I work around some of the best restaurants in the city, so I know good good. From the pizzas,  Russo ' s deli sandwich and pastas this place is top notch. Thanks Tony for a great place.
Cute little place. Only tried some of the baked goods, and they were good. I hope to try their desserts and coffee next time.
Today I got the \"Pad Z U\" lunch special.  While the noodle texture is delicious (and super thin) the seasoning was a bit lacking in my opinion.  None the less, the meal is satisfies my Thai cravings and the portion size is not bad.
The expanded location is very nice. The food is just as great as it ever was.  I am a huge fan of pizza and Riccio's version should not be missed. Although pleasant, the service was painfully slow, but that's what you get going out on a Friday evening.
Great place! The chicken is amazing! Friendly staff! Live music... Wish they had a mixed drink menu!
The food is all pretty greasy and a little overpriced. The Mexican pizza was pretty good if you're up for a heavy, grease-laden meal.
Like the concept but I received my first box and there were bugs in 2 of the items. I'm fine with rinsing the dirt but the bugs are too much.
If you are looking for a dive bar, here you go. Nothing fancy, just good drinks, better prices and a fun atmosphere tucked away. Iguana balls are tasty as well.
Ugly decor and hardly no patrons. I ate here on Friday night and it was silent and empty. Not even background music. The food was ok, but I'm in no hurry to come back.
Waited for over an hour for our food. When we finally got it; it was COLD & our order was wrong. Will not be ordering from this place again. Placed my order online.
I ordered the happy hour special 1 shredded beef taco and cheese enchilada. \nThe food tasted really commercial and the HOT salsa wasn't that hot. But the service was fantastic! Based on the food quality it's nothing special, I wouldn't come back.
$5 movie tickets on Monday how can you not give this 5 stars?!?\n\nLocated inside of the Palm's Casino. Nice clean restrooms and theaters. Comfortable seats that recline.\n\nNice way to break up the monotony of gambling (losing) all day.
I don't get the hype? My food came out luke warm, the bacon was cold and my coffee wasn't strong...
Oh goodness....SOOOOO GOOD! They have great specials too. Highly recommend for a different type of pizza place. Steve was awesome as well!
Everything was delicious. We had two kinds of bun and two kinds of broken rice, and I've rarely had better.
I got the cheese ravioli and the Portion was sorta small for the price. Atmosphere is casual and very family friendly. I'll come back an maybe try something else. Servers we're VERY attentive and even gave us appetizers on the house!!
they deliver the best breakfast burritos i've had here so far. and their huevos rancheros are quite tasty as well. they have a super solid happy hour for the middle class foodie.
this place has an awesome selection of treats and crepes are very tasty. But the place smells weird other than that i enjoy my visits here.
YUMMY!!! Seriously good cookies and great ice cream too! Customer service was excellent as well.
Fabulas great service with a smile. And good fresh food always donut clerks exceed my expectations
Rick was outstanding. Its great to deal with someone who owns their own business and takes their reputation seriously.\nHighly recommend.
i absolutely love the caramelized cauliflower!!!! great food. good service
Ugh. Found dirty used tissues and miscellaneous wrappers in the nightstand drawer. When I called the front desk to ask for someone to clean up the room: \"we can send someone in two hours\". I'm paying how much to stay here?
If you haven't been here you need to go there now. It is a great Italian restaurants which great food and cheap prices.
Came here with a friend on a tuesday when they do 'Gold Fish Racing'. The lady who MC's the whole thing was extremely vulgar and offensive. If you enjoy seeing people made fun with racist and sexist comments and jokes, you might enjoy this place, until you become the target of the remarks.
Good place to have some drinks and watch sporting events but would not recommend the food.
Food was great & Great service, good prices, great portions!
I was visiting my father here in Vegas from California and needed some new arrows. Jacob and the rest of the staff were very professional, helpful and friendly! The arrows I got were better in quality than the ones I bought from California and they were less expensive here! Great place, nice range and so many cool selections.
The old standby comes through again. Can't beat pizza and wings on game day. Food was great as usual, staff was friendly, and venue was clean. Can't ask for much more.
I honestly don't know why I keep coming here (other than it being close to work) The service is terrible and they never have enough people working. There is no reason a smoothie should take 20 minutes to make.
After having gelato at espressamente, the gelato here was disgusting.  None of us finished our scoops!  Some of the bites were icy with only a hint of its flavor.  GROSS!\n\nGo to the lower level and eat at Espressament!
Queen sheeba was very good. My first adventure into ethiopian food. The avocado salad was very delicious.  We also has a chicken and beer dish. Beef dish was tasty but chewy. They only have one server so plan on a wait. We got there at 4:30 so we were taken care of.
Been here a few times with friends and we got beyond drunk and turnt up !! LOL the mike Tyson punchout is delicious!
This place is pretty cool to go to, they have an eiffel tower that you can take an elevator up to look at the view, dont be fooled though because it isnt free. its nice to check out at least once in your life
Will not go here again! If you are looking for somewhere hip and classy on your Vegas trip then do not go here. This place is pretty much a dark room with a dance floor and overpriced drinks.
Great selection of casual authentic Cantonese food. The service was a little slow during lunch hour, and the food was a-ok. Overall a welcome addition to Las Vegas, and I look forward to trying out the many choices, especially the HK style desserts!
This place has a lot of cool stuff. From military surplus to work wear. The only thing I would recommend this place is to offer frequent customers some discounts.\n\nThe downside: NO REFUNDS OR EXCHANGES
I LOVE PPP. buuuut this location was horrible. Granted it was the buffet but they had DIRTY plates and the set up was weird. You have to get back in the regular line to get seconds. Still love PPP but NOT this location.
Lots of options in the store, and they offer a 10% Scottsdale healthcare discount- so be sure to mention it.
Love this new place! Sashimi on the all you can eat menu is amazing! Great selection, small bites! Bonus- booths hold up to 8 people easily!!
The food was delicious - we shared melted Brie, pizza and nachos. The wine was great too. The atmosphere: marvelous. But the service was very slow, although quite nice.
I used to think they had the best tonkotsu ramen in Arizona but lately something changed. It's not as good as before. The soup tastes weaker and the meat is harder and tastes different. Also, miso soup should never come out by its self for Japanese food.
we saw Iron Sky there and I loved it, good prices, good beer! kick back..
The best kobe hamburger in town.
I have to say this place is amazing !!!. The Red Velvet Pancakes are to die for. They give you a cream cheese syrup for it. This is a must go to place.  Be prepared for a wait as it is a small place but so worth the wait.
Have nothing good to say about this airline.
Food is alright, not bad for a dennys variant. But service....I get better service at McDonald's.
Friendly bartenders and BEST Dive Bar in Old Town! No skimping on these drinks!
There's simply no competition for this spa. It's the most incredibly beautiful spa I've ever been to. To be pampered in such a gorgeous environment is an experience everyone should have. Amazing treatments!
Great chicken and pasta dish.  Excellent service.  Loved sitting on the patio.  All Fox Restaurants are great.
Food is pretty good...service not so much. I can understand service being \"off\" when it's busy but NOT when there's nobody in the joint but you and one other guy waiting on his order.  Smile, ladies...You're employed...
egg rolls were good but dang, they are pricy for the same food we get here in Los Angeles
Two words: Absolute Garbage\n\nEverything, the staff, the food, the cleanliness, garbage.
I had ordered the Veggie hot pot it was delicious came with broccoli, carrots, and bok choy. The service was great! I'll be back again!
I like Cardenas. The staff are always polite. It helps if you speak Spanish, when you need help. This might annoy me if that type of thing annoyed me, but it doesn't- especially with such friendly employees. Prices are good and produce sales can be pretty awesome. Love the freshly made items. Great store!!
Very customer focused down to earth staff& food is home cookin& filling. Very packed dining area butt staff makes you feel like you are the only guests.\nBig variety in menu
Don't eat or drink here. Rooms okay but noisy. Parking scary. Bar and restaurant prices and service ridiculous. Wander to find better anywhere but here. Embarassed to think this represents Arizona for visitors.
Located in scottsdale Quarter:  If your looking for a hip night out with hubby and friends this is the place to be.  Great tasting food, awesome drinks, Prices very doable. If you have not been your missing out!\n\nThis place is awarded Analynn's :)
Everything is OK but they don't stock up enough stuff like Walmart eyes so that's why I go to Walmart now I just remembered
This place is awful! Beware...they lie, cheat, and steal! Do not support businesses like this when there are other honest apartments close to ASU...
Get it together cabo. No one should have to wait for their whole party to arrive to be sat. You're lazy. Take a reservation like a normal restaurant. Tacky.
The food was so good that I don't want to brush my teeth for a month at the off chance a fleck of meat might drop on my tongue
Beautiful presentations, so-so fish. Incredibly loud with annoying music blasting. \"Hip\" young staff who know very little about Japanese food and even less about customer service. A beautiful space in need of a new tenant; if you are spending that kind of money you should not waste it here.
This place is overpriced and service is slow. They served breakfast potatoes which seemed like frozen potatoes and when we asked the waiter he did say it is frozen. Pancakes were too thick and felt doughy. \n\nTheir Mexican breakfast items are way tastier!
Good Bakery with reasonable prices.  We shop here several times a month.
Wonderful restaurant\nI can relax well in inside and these authentic foods are really good and cheap.
I went here a few times while waiting for my car to get fixed. The food is pretty tasty, and the stuffed burger was on point. It was really clean, and with all the TVs you wont miss any game that is on.
Ate at Zinburger last night.  The Mrs. had a Blanco Burger and I had the Samburger with Kobe beef.  The burgers were awesome.  The loaded fries were delicious too.  And the drinks were great.  We'll definitely be back.
Slow service, incompetent cooks, poor quality food and drinks... but those were the good points. This place was way better when it was Cabo. More than just the name changed and not for the better.
Don't bother ordering the Red Velvet....it was the worst one I have ever had. It was a dry devils food with sweet dry frosting.  The chocolate marshmallow was awesome.
We've seen all the Vegas Cirque shows... This was a disappointment.  The \"star\" of the show was the stage.  Otherwise, it was completely forgettable.
This place is closed? Its now called Rooftop.
This place is a double carb load!  Every meal is made with a potato in it and served with rice.  No vegetables here, well I guess unless you count the potatoes.
I'm in love with the new guy Ricky. He did awesome job on my babes hair and the prices are awesome.  I will definitely be telling my friends.
Said was open at 4. Went to the bar around 415  and wasn't opened. Pretty disappointed.
My son goes here for speech, OT, and PT. We love it there and all the therapist are so great!
I went in knowing what to expect.  Classic menu, a little old-fashioned in every way.  The bruschetta was decent, so were the sides.  We got asparagus and mashed potatoes.  We all got prime rib, which was yummy.  3.5 stars, so I'm rounding up.
Fast and friendly service, but the coffee in my latte tasted bitter and burnt.
Beautiful hotel! Prime location! Friendly staff! Top two hotels in Montreal if not the best!
Blech. We ate here over a year ago when we first moved here...never to return. It tasted like \"Mexican\" food you get in Kansas. Low quality and not very authentic. Sorry...didn't care for it at all.
Always the best. Eating here makes you happy. And wheb theyvhave fresh crawfish it is truly juicy. Yummmy!!
The live music always looks inviting when I pick up Chinese at Yans nearby... But both times I've tried it... I've been unimpressed. Service is subpar and so is the food.
I'm not really a Pho kinda guy.  But a friend loves the place so we went.  I had the pork chops, which aside from them being really thin were actually pretty tasty.
Great service, great food! I love the capellini di mare and the desserts are awesome as well!
Of course it had first day issues but the food was really good and they have a lot of beers on tab and in bottles.  I would compare it to a Zipps or a Half Moon.
Hole-in-the-wall with fresh tasting deli inspired sandwiches. A combo will satisfy anyone and wont burn a hole in your wallet. Try the Shocky!
The portion size is huge and waitstaff is very efficient.  Food however, is bland at best... Even the pastrami which they say is a specialty.
Lets make this simple....the breakfast type food was excellent!   The hash browns is the best I have ever eatten and the breakfast burrito....the bomb!  Sure beats Denny's or IHOP!
I had anticipated this visit for months so there was a lot to live up to and I have to say bootleggers went above and beyond my greatest expectations. The complimentary bread is so sinfully delicious and the bolognese is comparable even to my immigrant Italian family's recipe!!
Great French inspired cuisine in a beautiful Carefree desert setting.  You truly do feel a world away here and at Binkley's.  As good as the other stuff is, the biggest impression came from their inspired take on potato chips and fries.
You'd think for $7 you'd get a detectable level of tequila in your margarita. And you'd think for $8 you'd at least get some rice or beans with your tacos. I think Austin has spoiled me, but we spent a lot of money for not very much in the end.
I waste 2hours.... The lady put my phone number wrong so i wait more than 2 hours.\nWhen i asked my wait hour at information desk again the guy said \"i do NOT have your phone number so you have to wait another 2hours.\" Thanks a lot!!  :(
What can I say. Absolutely fantastic Brazillian steakhouse. The food is perfect every time and you will never run out. Definitely ask for anything in particular you want, they'll bring it quick!
This is me and my friends favorite spots after a night out! I love there salsa bar! There tacos, burritos, and sopes are on POINT!!
Literally one of the best tacos I've ever had in Arizona. This place is a gem!
I am so bummed this place closed down!! I love Monkey Beer and the burgers rocked! Not sure why they closed but hope and pray they open another location in Scottsdale. In the mean time drive down to Tucson and try the brewery, its worth the drive!
Service is hit-or-miss, many teenage employees with little customer service skills.  They've never botched a drink order or over-charged, so I guess I'm content with it.
I've been coming here for years...the best.  One of my favs is the lulu wings.
$15 prohibition style cocktails overlooking the strip on the balcony, can't go wrong.\n\nDid not eat, rating is purely on the drinks (and we nearly missed a show after ordering 'just one more')
I live down the street from this WH so my circle of friends often finds ourselves here after a night of debauchery. It's really nothing special, trucker food at it's best, but the staff is really nice and there's something about it that makes my hangovers feel better.
Love this place! Great food and great prices. 1/4 chicken is more than enough food for one, choose between corn or flour tortillas and I always get a side of sour cream.  Staff isn't the friendliest, but easily overlooked by the quality of food. Don't forget to bring cash.
Just not all that.  If I am eating at the Chandler Mall then there are 4 restaurants I would rather eat at.
Pepper and egg sandwich, fries, and soda split with my wife. Plenty filling though a little salty. Marie liked it more. Met other people from Mary Romano's Chicagoans in the desert meetup while here.
I really loved this place and ate my dinner like it was going out of style. The beer was good and the food had excellent flavor. We had a great time eating with friends on the patio and my daughter loved watching the chefs through the huge kitchen windows.
Good coffee. Nice atmosphere. Rude employees. \nCoffee was great and the food looked good too but the restaurant is super disorganized and confusing and the staff was rude.
No comparison the the \"O\" show at the Bellagio.  Two or three good portions of the show, the rest of it was somewhat dissappointing.
First time I tried this restaurant.    Food was very fresh and good.  Service was not good.  Took forever to get a drink refill.  Never came back with my change from the bill until I asked.  No spoon for the coffee.  I will try it again and hope I get a better servcer.
Super nice servers and hostesses...great assortment of beers and they even let me tastes a few before I choose one to order...had the burger with cheese curds and it was to die for...yum yum good...I wanted to lick the plate clean...LOL!
We had crab dip in a bread bowl, a shrimp po-boy sandwich, and seafood alfredo pasta.  Portions were a good size, and the service was friendly.  Being from San Diego, we appreciated their Chargers spirit.  Glad they participate in Restaurant.com.  Would go again.
grimey but delicious.
A definite Must-Stop. The beer and the service is outstanding.
I'm not a vegan but the food here is great. You come out of there feeling very healthy too. The environment is also very nice and modern.
Matt's Big Breakfast is my favorite breakfast place of all time.  The food is super-fresh and super-delicious.  The service has always been extremely fast and friendly, which is amazing given how busy the place always is.  The only downside is that there's always a wait to get in.
He was incredibly sexist/homophobic. He could barely play the piano and when we finally recognized a song we could actually dance to he literally asked me to get off stage because he didn't like another on stage who could actually dance with the girls.
The service was great but the cheesecake was par.
This place was actually pretty decent, and satisfied my appetite for a good sandwich.  I had the turkey sandwich and I had no problem with it.  If I'm in this sports book again I will definitely have to try something else because the hot dogs looked good too.
This is the kind of place that you see from the outside and move on. When it comes to food, never judge it from its cover. The staff was very friendly and the food was delicious. I can't remember what I ordered, but I can recall the the mental snapshot I took for the food.
First place I went to when I got to Vegas after check in. I asked the cabbie for a good bar-not much of a club guy and he suggested this place. He was right, great band and live Irish dancer. The beer selection is pretty good too, a good bar, not just a good bar on the Strip.
I love their pizzas\nAnd now they have pastas, and they're awesome too!\n\nI still prefer Postino's bruschetta... but I can't seem to put my finger on why.  I think it might be the bread....
Did you already book?? Okay , you already lost! If you wanna leave without your pants, just go to luxor!!!! Omg everyone i know, is the same meaning! \nIf you wanna win money and pay normally prices, go to Primm!!! Buffalo bill :-)
The donuts are always fresh here! I get them for my office and everyone loves them
I really want to like this place more but the service is hit and miss. The food is good, but nothing great. It's so mediocre I don't care to write more. \n\nThat said, it's worth a trip to see the history.
This place is wonderful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fat free - new, clean place, plenty of parking - nice staff - and did I say fat free?  Great spot!
Went for breakfast - I remember this place being much better several years ago. Waiter was kinda a dick (until I tipped him!), the food was mostly cold (I'd say over 60% of the food was at room temperature). The bonus - no wait. Blackberries are good.
Never disappoints. Overall fantastic experience every time we visit. The Hiker's Egg Benedict was probably one of the best breakfast items I have ever had. Friendly service. Insides could use a revamp but maybe that is a matter of personal taste so we won't hold this against them ever.
Tourist trap. No way I'm paying 30 bucks for a burger I can make at home for $7.50.
I'm so happy this place closed down.. This was the nastiest food I ever ate.. Period.. Hands down..
I had a ton of citrus that needed trimmed, these guys were able to finish the job in one day. Very pleased with the finished product. Thought the price was very reasonable.
Friendly and Knowledgable staff picked up a few things for my computer the prices were cheap as hell. Also picked up a cool ass talking ted bear for my cousin and a crock pot for my mom. Great place to shop for gifts. I will definitely be back soon.
Small pub, but great staff, food and drinks! I've been going to BOP for about a year, and I've never had a poor experience. It also feels like a genuine English pub!
This laundromat is a good price and has flat screen TVs, video games and a theater in the back. Regular prices. nice washing machines and dryers dried all my clothes for $0.75. Good atmosphere. will be going back. would recommend to friends and family
Cool place. We just stopped in for some drinks to kill time before dinner. I'm sure the 200 plus reviews already summed it up so I'll just say it's worth stopping in at. The food looked great.
I agree with most other reviewers... They are pretty darn fast for lunch rush in drive thru, never had a mistake on my order and the people are nice in drive thru. Good for them at serving people the right way.
i am dissapoint :(\nhad to pey many money and vait long taym at door. bathroom very nais but i not go very offen so not enjoy it so much.\nvomans not very frendly, think they head so big.
Maybe my expectations were too high but I was a bit disappointed. Had the miso ramen. It did not have the depth of flavor I expected from a ramen only joint. noodles were OK but not the chewiest. will probably return but def not a fave
What can you say, they try to make flying fun. And when they change flights no fee YAY, but lets be honest the new cool younger airline Virgin America. But Southwest gets my needs done and tries to entertain me along the way but is it just me or are some of the flight attendants getting meaner...
Pollo fundido not good, Garcia's on 35th Ave way, way better.
Ugh. Make sure you have your receipt handy in case you get accosted by a garage employee to prove you made a purchase for validated parking... So rude.
Drove all the way over here because of reviews. Closed on a Tuesday 11am.... Even though hrs indicate otherwise. Ri-fn-diculous.
The beers were warm and flat.  The bartender was argumentative when we told him about it.  6 employees working on a Sunday afternoon and I still had to get up and go to the bar to get napkins for my wings since none were brought to me with them.  The place is cold and not inviting at all.  We won't be back.
Food was good, small place. The manager kept making personal calls right at the register which was a little strange, but the food was fantastic. I ordered 2 shawarma (one pita, one baguette) and both were amazing. Worth a visit
The only reason I'm giving them two stars is because of atmosphere and location.   If it was based on how much I enjoyed the food, it would be one star.   I have had better food from the noodle bowl places in strip malls.   Panda Express would be rated higher than this.
I wanted to get a quote and left my detailed information with the receptionist. Two days passed and I still have not received any calls from them.
Um Harrah's is just fine.  The bed was fine and the room didn't smell too weird.\n\nThe hot water didn't really work for me, which was rather annoying, but at least nothing was falling appart in the bathroom.
I'm so happy to have found this place! Great food for cheap!
First time visit to Chao... The food came out quickly which was nice but I ordered the teriyaki chicken and it was completely cold when I got it. My husband got the yellow curry which was very yummy! The only time we saw the waitress was when she asked for our order.
Truly fantastic food. Everything was full of richly layered flavors, great presentation, friendly service. A strong competitor to Mission in old town Scottsdale.
Dumpling skin was too dry & thick. Stuffed ingredients were flavorless. I suggest you to go to Mei Xiang Yuan instead which is on St-Catherine street.
Overrated.      IMHO.
Nice airport with a huge selection of restaurants. Its an airport so how comfortable can it be???
Damn, forgot to check in && a take a picture of this place. It is pretty sweet inside. I was so overwhelmed with all the things they had on sale. They have a lot of inexpensive stuff. Unfortunately I wasn't there for me. But I will be back soon.
Tried to use their 10 off offer and they said the current owner doesn't  do yelp anymore.   Not a good way to start off.
Nice spot with \"local\" flavor in Las Vegas. go for drinks, for outdoor sitting, for good talks and good food.
Great food, great service, nice ambience, and reasonable prices (for the Strip). So far, this is the best Chinese restaurant I've found on the strip in a resort.
Had a wonderful trip in Costa Rica, packed our bags and handed them to the United Airlines Crew, who then stole items out of them! I will never fly United again and will tell everyone I know what thieves they are, that is all.
Yes five stars. Get the chicken and waffles. Just do it. You won't regret it. I had the #8- one breast and one waffle. I also tried the fried okra and it was awesome! It is crowded but worth the wait.  Go!
Food is not great. I got the marinated pork over rice. Would not go back.
Amazing soup. Fresh hand made noodles.  it was perfect.
The place looks like a lot of fun. The food is above average for bar food. The patio and the outdoor stage make this place look like a lot of fun
Not bad.  Cheap and cheerful.  Clean.  Well placed.
their quality suffers when the crowds come in at 1-2 a.m.\n\\\ngo in the afternoon for their $5.50--a good deal!
Wonderful. Food and service are great
Very nice place.  Great food.  I come here every two weeks for breakfast. You all have to try the fresh juice and panini Italian sub. Just amazing!!!  Customer service is good. Price, we'll I dnt mind paying two more dollars more for fresh ingredients. I'm sure you all understand this.
The ice cream here is delicious, but the service is horrendous. There always seems to be 10+ people working here, yet they often seemed annoyed to have patrons. \n\nThis place is adorable, and has deep roots in old Az. Come on, Sugar Bowl, step it up a little.
Mediocre taste and horrible service. Always one person working and takes forever to make the boba.
Ordered from them yesterday. Delivery was fast and polite. Their chocolate cake, French fries and wings are awesome. Their pizza has a crispy crust and lots of toppings. They send their small sodas in a can which is better than a cup IMO. Will order from them again.
I love mediterranean food and they are completely approved. Excellent service and quality. I like traditional more than fast food, so it's what I expected to eat.
This USED to be my favorite sushi restaurant. Avocado was brown, crunch rolls were soggy, my sushi was made wrong. When I asked them to re-make it, I got huge attitude from the server.
Better than average but not getting 4 stars.   Do yourself a favor and get a basic burger.    No lobster and you'll be happier.
I had a really bad scallop and got sick. I will never go back here!
My chicken tasted raw. It didn't look pink . I kept trying to strain my eyes to be sure. And the rice was also kind of cruncky like it wasn't finished cooking. Someone train the new guy how to do it properly cause it had been fine in the past. Internet worked good enough for me to leave this review.
Dinner: Terrible service and even worse food. Cold and obviously microwaved. Would not recommend.  \nLunch: Totally different atmosphere. Salads are good and service is fast.
Steamed soup dumplings, ground pork broccoli, green onion pancake, and dan dan noodles.  Very authentic and good.  Another great option in squirrel hill.  Highly recommend.
In a long search for inexpensive tacos we finally found Zaba's.  Excellent fast food.  It's like a 5 Guys or Subway for Tacos.  You can build your own like a Subway order.  Try it for a quick taco fix.
Tasty burgers, shake and fries. Fries weren't hot, just warm.
I like this place since they have a huge menu, but sometimes less is more LOL! You are sure to satisfy your hunger with their fair portions. This particular location has a very small waiting area/lobby and on weekends can get very cramped. That would be my only complaint. Serviice is usually good and there food is edible.
One of my favorite place to eat. I have been here many times and their gross is always delicious. Must have for any pizza fan!
Rude staff and have to double check sandwiches to make sure they made them right and even to make sure it is the correct sandwich.  Multiple mistakes and poor service on several occasions gets this location 1 star
Fair but not a four star salsa lacks a Mexican flare and the bean dip doesn't have much taste tortilla soup was fair ceasar salad okay dressing little thin
Poor service.  Had to go to bar to get refill. Waitress was missing in action. Had to go to hostess get my tab. Won't return here.
Service was terrible.  Didn't even get a chance to order because it took so long to get drinks and it wasn't even busy.   Can't say anything about the food, but the waiter and manager were unreal.  I could go on about the experience but not worth it.  This place will be out of biz soon.
Great sandwich for the price!  Ordered the footlong 'Wanna be a Reuben' and it was well worth it!  Served on a tasty parmesan roll and filled with pastrami and coleslaw.  It's a great place to go if you're looking for take out sandwiches/food!
Super fun for my 2yr old. We went on a week day from noon-3pm only us and two other families. Lots of space for the kids to run around. Something for every age!
Besides pizzerias, this is one of our favorite kid friendly places to eat while in Mesa, AZ. The burgers, fries and shakes just hit the spot (like In n Out back home). The seating situation at this location is way better than the location in Mesa, AZ.
I've eaten here twice in the past three days,  and I love it.  \n\nGood choice of food,  well prepared and presented,  great customer service each time, very nice ambience,  great scenery and great energy. \n\nHighly recommended.
This store is the only Nail salon I will ever go too. Tim has been doing my nails for over 3 years now and his wife Kim is amazing too! They know how to take care of their customers and are vary professional. I love this place!
Great food,good service.
Perfect for a nightcap. Dim, moody lighting and totally intimate. Drinks are pretty pricy and didn't eat any food, but the service was great! I loved the 'feel' of the place so much I'd go back sometime.
Very knowledgeable staff that are willing to answer any question one may have! Great selection of gear and clothing!
Great place to stop for a pastry and coffee or tea in the lovely Montreal train station. The staff is terrific.
I enjoyed this establishment.  The staff was friendly and the food came out fresh and quick.  I like the food here better than \"Rock-n-Roll Fingers\" here in Tempe.  The chicken fingers, fries, and garlic bread tasted really good.  Also, this place even has a drive-thru which is nice.
Absolutely hands down the best steakhouse on the West side of town. I've been a few times and the food is amazing, and the service has been fabulous each time. Get the butter cake as a desert if you have room, it's like nothing I've had before. Really great place.
It was alright. I too went in with high expectations and I wish I hadn't. It wasn't bad ice cream, it just didn't live up to all the hype. They are a little skimpy on the hot fudge and very heavy handed with the whip cream. I won't be going back.
Excellent customer service.  Owner can answer all your questions.  Lots of different types of species.  You need it this store has it or can you help you find it!
Bliss! Amazing prices and a lovely, personable staff in a great location. My new nail place for sure!
Good food! Great Sushi. 12$ for a roll. 80-100$ per person. Unless you get sushi. Great service all night.
I read some of the negative reviews and I'm convinced they must have had an off night. The service was excellent. The atmosphere is very laid back and relaxed, and the food was phenomenal!
There nothing too special about this place.. they do however have a good T-Bone steak special, which I had. It's basically the typical cafe/coffee house sort of deal. The staff was friendly and attentive.
Stale chips, food under seasoned and their bathrooms smell horrible no thanks Super Mex.................................
Staff is super friendly.   I have been going here a little over a year to get my hair done.  I would ask for Carrie.  She is amazing and fast and also reasonably price too.
tastest damn great. Love this place. Only drawback is most of the menu is very caloric, but otherwise, it rocks!
This place is always good. It doesn't matter what you order, it is delicious! That's why there is always a line to get in. I go here often and would recommend it to anyone.
From the frozen hash brown patty to the overcooked low quality ingredients in the breakfast burrito and the almost absent service this place is the lowest of the low vegas has to offer. a shame for this location.
Some of the best food I've had in Pittsburgh; Point Brugge features friendly service, and a pleasant ambience. This place is quite popular, so expect to wait between 45 minutes and an hour for your table. Brunch is served on Sunday mornings only (after 11am) but is well worth it!
Don't let the protesters scare you, this place is rad!
I wanted to love it, but something about the layout put me off.  The decor is not that attractive compared to other clubs and the crowd was lame the night I went.  \n\nI guess I am just putting it up against other Vegas spots, I rather be somewhere else.
What can you really say here... it is what it should be.
They are not nice. I asked that half of my sub be wrapped to take home.  The server then informed me that they threw it in the garbage by mistake.  Did they try to compensate us in any way by maybe not charging us for the pie dessert? No.  Not even an apology.
Had my fluids changed here a few months ago and ever since I have had nothing but problems with my car. Power steering and engine oil leaking...save yourself the trouble and go somewhere where they know what they are doing.
Pretty good subs. The pastrami is to die for.
Store manager has a mustache and looks like a douche. I asked if he could help me with something. He just walks away and doesn't even send someone to help me.  Horrible customer service and their workers don't communicate well. Horrible selection for computers. Go to another best buy.
Outstanding. Pricey, but hey it's Scottsdale.
Service was excellent, food tasted fantastic, especially the ribeye. That being said, obviously we were expecting it to be expensive but it was hard to see the value besides just the deliciousness; small menu selection, small portions, cramped seating with tables on top of each other.
just left there--everything was raw  ---the service was rude--will never go back\nI was expecting a special wedding service and we sat there for a long time waiting\nfor our  food and wine--
They have great discounted used appliances. I got a stove for my parents here and they wanted a different one, so Kirch switched it out. They delivered the stove in the snow storm and took the old one away. Great local company!
Very urban chic! Their chai tea latte is one of the best I've had in Vegas. Their breakfast items are over-priced, especially since their bagels are supermaket Sara Lee brand; however, they have a honey-butter they serve with them that absolutely makes up for it.
Fast service, great food for reasonable price. I visit this place often. I definitely recommend this place.
The atmosphere is great, its very metro decorated.. very modern, which I like.  \n\nThe food was good, I had a cheeseburger, the sweet potato fries are absolutely fabulous.. \n\nAnd the staff was really attentive and very nice.  I def recommend it.
I got the breakfast burrito with salsa and they should have just poured water straight into it. Tasteless and gross. (I'm saying the salsa is waaaaaay to watery)
friendly service, great soups!
The salmon was dry and swimming in sauce. The crab was dry. All fish was sad. This was an incredible waist of money and time. Poor quality. Go anywhere but here.
Nothing really wrong with the food. It is a good go-to take-out eatery. Biggest complaint is cleanliness. The tables are frequently not cleaned after customers leave and the floors are often not swept. Step it up a notch and I would probably dine-in.
The most delicious pizza and the best cocktails in the area!! Such friendly staff!! I've always had an amazing experience!!
Location Location Location! Charlotte's great place to have a glass of wine and people watch. Dolce Vita is located in the Queen city best location in town, NODA. Great outdoor seating and good wine selection. Absolutely one of our favorites. 4 thumbs up!
Very rude would not serve a group of 20 poeple because the host did not want to move tables together and sit us.
Went to for b day dinner while back great atmosphere food and drinx.
The view of the fountain was nice but otherwise if you don't have a table there is no where to stand and dance. Not worth the time and money. Music was bad too
Tasty and affordable.  I especially like the palak paneer and goat kurma.  My son loves the tandoori chicken.
I'm going to be completely honest. I loved the food. I wish this place was located in my hood of Los Angeles!! Minus two stars for the absolutely abnoxious waitress. :)
cheapskates set their a/c at 80 degrees. this is az. we can't enjoy anything with a/c at full blast.
This is the second time going to a nail salon. And I would say it was alright.. The lady seemed like she was in a hurry though.. But overall, I really like how my nails turned out. It's pretty inexpensive too..
This establishment was brought to my attention by a friend, and I'm glad that I went. Healthy food, delicious food and beverages for a reasonable price!
Food was warm at best, some cold. Only two sugar free/nsa items oj the desert line and both were dry/stale. usually a very good buffet, but disappointing this time
Mandy's is really delicious. They're not skimpy on the delicious items in every bite. It's very yummy but way, way too expensive.
They have a great lunch special with a pork chop and pad thai, the food is always consistently good and they do a good job of making it anywhere from Thai Hot to no spice at all depending on what you are looking for.
Super friendly. Family owned. Very clean and the chicken kabaab and gyro are the best!
Saw roaches on the floor. Waitresses were hella rude. Complained to the manager and she spit in our faces and cursed us out. The chef looks like a fat sweaty slob. Just a horrible experience. Customer service is foreign to them.
Very surprised how good this place is, menudo and birria severed everyday instead of just Sundays like most restaurants, the birria was excellent . They also sell beer and make micheladas! Food prices and cheap might be a little more expensive than Roberto's tacos but well worth it . I will be coming back! :)
I had all but given up on finding a great Chinese restaurant in Ahwatukee, but...  I am very pleasantly surprised. Really enjoyed eating Chinese food with chicken that was all white meat & zero mystery meat. They will cook to order off menu items, which is awesome. Fast delivery.
Place is really cute and love the theme of wait staff wearing pj's but the meals were very over priced and the kids pancakes were a joke there were 3 tiny pancakes and the kids' meals don't include drinks.  Glad we tried it but won't go back.
Just like Original Ray's NYC ! \nI loved it... Went twice in one week! PBR on tap and a cheese slice! The price is right and its in and out quick and totally NY style pizza!
OMG.. I LOVE what you've done with this place. Saw Twilight - Breaking Dawn here (dont judge me). Service was excellent, food was excellent. Seats were comfy.. love that there is reserved seating...I dont know why you would go anywhere else?
Worst taco ever.  Chili cheese fries sucked!  Maybe this is tolerable at 3AM when you are drunk, but please, taco bell puts this to shame.  And it's with a heavy heart that I make that statement.
Terrible service, terrible food! Terrible service, terrible food! Terrible service, terrible food! Terrible service, terrible food! Did I say Terrible service, terrible food? Yes skip this restaurant!!!
Dont Go here... These people violate human rights!!
Can I just puke out what I ate? Coffee with petroleum packets, hot cocoa made with powder bought in an envelope packet. Who knows what the eggs were made of. Pancakes served with non-maple syrup. Like is this even a joke? Felt I was in a bad food dream.
Been going to this location for quite a few years now, very consistent quality and the staff is always super friendly.  I usually get the large teriyaki bowl with brown rice after the gym for some good carbs and protein.
Decent place for breakfast , brunch... The owner been around since the 50s and still hangs around..
I love this place. mmmmmmmm fish tacos.
Worst service ever I have a few business accounts here and waited in the drive threw line for 30min then decided to go inside.  The wait was just as long inside.  The business teller was not nice and was not helpful. Horrible experience for a loyal customer.
Steak was outstanding as was the service. Loved the ambiance. Not much else to say.
Went in just to look around!! Lots of nice and expensive stuff in there!!!
Great place!!! Prices are very affordable and the jewelery is better priced than charming charlies!!! The gal at the desk is very helpful and sweet!!! The dress i chose was a little low cut so she gave me a couple safety pins!! :) thank you!!! Above and beyond!!
This place is delicious. For my meal I got a carne asada chimichanga and shrimp chiveche. It was so good. Definitely will come back again. The guy at the counter who served us was very nice as well.
The service staff at this hotel was extremely rude and offensive. I would recommend that they have a reality / attitude adjustment. I'm sure this is not a everyday thing but it did happen to me and I was quite offended by how they treated me as a customer.
The two stars are for the service...  Food was not anywhere near what they charge for it...  Bottom of the list for steak places in Madison for food, top of list for price?!?!  No thanks.
I love Applebee's but this location always seem to disappoint me. Whenever I decide to try something new on the menu, they never have what I want available. I always end up settling for something that I can possibly make at home :/ but overall, it's not a bad hang out spot especially if you're local.
I was in here recently for breakfast the other day.  The banana and chocolate chip pancakes were very good.  I'd like to try them again sometime for lunch. Rachel's that is, not the pancakes!
Disappointed in mixed grill to-go. See picture. Did not come with humus, any accompaniment. Nothing.
Terrible food, extremely noisy. Fries came out way early and cold by the time the burgers came. Albino Boca burger looked and tasted like a freezer burnt corn tortilla. Hamburgers burnt, only 6 fries per kids order. Laughable.
Frozen vegetables and awful chicken.  My experience was worse than panda express.  Japan is sad for this restaurant
As authentic as Chinese food gets here. Fairly clean for an Asian restaurant with clashing decorations galore. We had a fairly large party and ordered around 7 dishes. Food is good!
No sweet potato fries anymore and $2 for a tea? McDonalds here I come! And their regular fries have changed yet again.
Not your average dog!   Takes hot dogs to the next level.  The best  potato salad I have ever eaten!
Beautiful place, very expensive and they duped me on my lease. Pleasant at first but then it went downhill.
The person they are calling their manager here has horrible customer service. He gave us an awful look and a very bad attitude. I would suggest going to any other store but here.
please is the shizzle!!! not one bad sadwich on the menu all around fun place to bake then grub.  I recomend this place to everyone when I visit the AZ
I really,liked grimadlis! I actually heard about this from zach on ghost adventure. The pizza is thin crust new york style. The pizza is awesome, and the service is great!
Pizza was the greatest. I will not get pizza anywhere else. Thank you for the great experience.
small drinks big price, food average\n\nthe best thing is the establishment itself\n\nif you go take a trip to the restroom, and look down the elevator shaft\nthats the coolest thing about it
Awful. I had spilled something on a blazer and asked that they stain treat it. After looking over the jacket upon pick up their \"stain remover\" had left bleach marks all over the blazer and did NOT get rid of the stain. Would not recommend to anyone!
I was here a few weekends ago, and I had a ton of fun. Staff was nice and our drinks were stiff. If you like to dance you'll be a fan.
The Bartenders are rude!
worst panda express\nfood cold all the time\nbad service all the time\nnever get what you order all the time like i told the manager if your service goes down during lunch hours and other peak times because you are busy then your prices should go down during lunch and other peak hours because you are busy!!!
Don't come here. Didn't get the order right and there was a BUG in the bag that fell on our table. YES A BUG. still alive and everything. And no it didn't come from our apartment... It came from inside the bag. I'm saving y'all a trip.
The burger  was amazing and juicy. I had the cheeseburger and you could taste the fresh  onions and tomatoes. The bun was slightly  crispy and soft. The fries were very fresh and delicious. They were lightly peppered and had a raw texture. The chocolate  shake  was too thick and needed a spoon
I enjoyed the novelty of getting my mercury on for $3 in a big cup. The shrimp were of poor quality - of that I am sure - but love the concept and they tasted decent.
I've tried their pizza, hoagies, and fries. They are alright. I wouldn't go back for pizza or hoagie.\n\nBut try their bbq wings! It's delicious. I love their bbq sauce.
Their tomato sauce is too sweet. I swear they pour sugar in it. Not a fan of that.
Steve really has an eye for detail. Great service, beautiful room, and great price.
Stopped by once to grab some sandwiches dinner time and they were closed.  Not sure why they keep shortened hours but I was in the mood for a Bobbie and had to settle for some KFC next door,
Yes, I had the all famous Cheesesteak stuffed with fries and coleslaw. Yes, it was awesome. Yes, my stomach was very unhappy afterwards. Yes, I'd eat it again!
This place is way over rated, food was average,  most things were not hot.  The made to order mac n cheese was delicous and the chocolate covered strawberries were really tasty as well.
Tried several tables, they were all sticky.  Server was chatting with a customer at the bar and did not bring menus or take our drink order for 10 minutes. Another 10 minutes to bring our drinks. Iced tea tasted old.  Server did not seem all that interested in taking our food order. We asked for the check and left.
I feel that this is one of the healthier choices for frozen yogurt.  The location is convenient although parking can be very tight.  The price per ounce has significantly increased lately which is why I give it 3 stars.
Been back a couple times since last review.  Margaritas were perfect both times.  Watermelon margaritas are unstoppable!  Chile relleno was a little bland and soupy, but the rest of the menu was terrific as usual.
It is bad in every way possible. We called and asked if they were busy and they hung up,  VERY expensive for low quality food, half the orders came out after everyone else was done eating, the salad was literally half a cup of chopped lettuce...
A very odd atmosphere to be a Chinese restaurant.  The place was an entire bar, with a gothic/ rock vibe to it. Food was okay, considering the fact we had to send back a plate because the noodles were so hard and had a nasty taste.  Save your money and go out to an actual restaurant.
This is a typical Subway. I frequent it because it is close to my house. They are efficient and I'm always pretty pleased with my meal. My go-to sandwich shop when I'm in a hurry and don't want to travel too far.
Outrageously priced wine list. Aging machos deliver a somewhat efficient but rough service. Food is slightly above average. \n\nOnly bright spots were the tomato and asparagus risotto that I ordered, the fabulous greeter girl and the overall upbeat vibe of the place.
Closed this place is closed
The food was excellent but it was very expensive for the portion sizes. For three of us at lunch, the bill before tip was $105 & we didn't even have drinks. Service was good too but again I can't justify the price.
Good location in town square, especially during summer for happy hour. Good food, good service. Grilled calmari is good, solid sushi. Good spot...romantic at night!
The pits man. my omelette was so watery and the \"vegetables\" were sparse and looked like they were canned. Our server lacked knowledge about the menu too. boo
All I can say is YUMMMMM. Great sangria and have the bruschetta sampler to share. Hummus one is my favorite. Per other reviews I had the shrimp tacos and they lived up to the reputation. They are great. Finished everything off with coconut flan and another sangria
The service is great. The food is good.  I come here every week for 1.5 years just to have magic hat on tap and they replaced it with less than appealing options. \n\nBRING BACK MAGIC HAT #9 !!!!!!!\n\nAnyone else agree?
If you love food that's floating with oil, then go A head be my guest.
The Cafe seems to be closed for good. Somebody from the nearby business came out and told us the place stopped operating a week ago.
Chicken taco was good, but the carne asada burrito tasted horrible. Also, there was a roach climbing up the wall halfway through lunch which pretty much ended it for me.
The steak was cooked to perfection  .  Staff  is very friendly. Nice place to hang out.
Went here a couple of weeks ago late night with some friends. Service sucked! We had to constantly flag down our servers. I say servers because they kept taking breaks and switching out. The pizza was OK and the wings were fine.
Great korean foods. Variety of menu. Close to strip and great location. Only bad thing is price. But if u really like korean food, you will love this place. Family atmosphere and great customer service.
This economy sucks.  A perfectly respectable Bagel Shop bit the dust.  I would have liked to have come in here, especially after finding the Rincon Restaurant closed next door.  Darn!
Not worth it!  The eggs Benedict was good tasting, but cold!  All the other food was very bland.  They need to focus on quality and not quantity!!!  Too many selections of bland food!
Hey, it's Starbucks... Seems like a decent location although I've only been here once. Kind of medium sized as far as Starbucks locations go.
So tonight was the second time I went to Aladdin's and all I gotta say is all I ever get is bland bland bland. Tonight I ate a greek chicken salad and there was nothing special about it at all. Maybe I should have ordered something better. Maybe it's just an underwhelming franchise.
Excellent pizza. Crust is just right. Good sauce and toppings. 2 slices and a soda for $6!  Good friendly service. Rock on.
The most expansive beer selection in pittsburgh, but perhaps not the best; true to its working class roots it has miller lite on tap.  The food is excellent although the portions are small, especially compared to its pittsburgh competition.
Great vegetable's , roles and deserts.....and all the entree's are solid as well.  Family of 4 can easily eat for under $25.00.    A family favorite !!
Um. It's okay, I guess. They have food at decent prices, but the isles are narrow, everything needs a good cleaning and repainting, and it just felt dark and depressing. Otherwise it's all right, but I don't plan on returning here.
Didn't fall for there dumb ass scam. Right when I called it seemed fishy. The owner of this company deserves to have his balls cut off.
This location is no longer in business.
Food so good you just want to fuck it rather than actually eat it!
NoDa Yoga is by far my favorite yoga studio in Charlotte. I have tried quite a few studios out before finding my home here. All of the teachers are well trained and friendly. Each teacher has their own style of training and they offer quite a few classes ranging from basics to power.
I didn't have an appointment. I Didn't wait long either.  They call in additional help when needed.  Nice pedi for the money.
Nice hard crispy thin crust.
yum yum dim sum!
Went for the buffet on Sunday.  As another reviewer said it was set up weird.  Grew up on German food and this didn't compare. Probably good for a restaurant though. Should try ordering from the menu it might be better.
Worst wifi ever. On its best day it barely works. 3 months of weekly wifi complaints an Google wifi provider can't get it functional
Stale bread, bland sword fish, slow service. On the up side, the crabs were nice. Our best dish of the night was the brocolini. Which isn't saying much about the restaurant.
Best Indian food I have had in years.
They met my tight time line for two dresses i needed on the weekend. even called and gave me the time i could pick them up. very efficient and friendly bunch.
Love the coffee. Love the people. Love the food. My favorite coffee shop, and trust me, I've been to A LOT of coffee shops.
Really wanted to like this place. Brisket was tough and rubbery. Cobbler was average. Hostess lacked warmth and scruples.
Sounded yummy: too bad they have us waiting 8 minutes on the phone and then the call just ended. A world of unfulfilled promises!
Hands down the best PJ location of all, yes even the Shea and the Indian School locations. My fav item in the menu is the Falafel with a side of garlic mash dip. Happy hour is awesome because you can sample a ton of tapas including garlic shrimp, pitas and dips etc.
Great food, phenomenal service. Will recommend to everyone!!! Kat is a great asset to Rockhouse she makes you feel like you're being entertained at someones home.\n\nNote, yelp asked me to finish this review, no idea why it didn't post, it's from Feb 2013
Good place to grab something quick
I expected more.  It's just another retail store that is riding on the coat tails of the celebrities that like it.  As for the pastry/bakery side: oh my gosh.  winner winner chicken dinner!
I had a nail in my tire and pulled in.  They got me right in and with 15 minutes I was back on the road.  AND THEY DIDN'T CHARGE ME.  I will be going there for all my auto needs.  Great customer service.  Thank you guys
enjoyed their frozen hot chocolate, not their service.
Food makes up for the horrible service.
One of my favorite Italian Restaurants of all! The Wedding Soup is to die for and the Chicken Cannelloni is superb! However everything on the menu is delicious!
If your young & single & ready to mingle then this place is off the hook. If your old & fat you better stay back.
Best Gyros in town, hands down!
Went there twice since we stayed in the hotel it is attached to Wings were decent. Food was mediocre, kinda bland, soup was warm flavored water. Just go here for wings, beer, and to watch sports.
Food is great. Grilled salmon burrito is awesome! Customer service, very friendly and 'above and beyond.'  I was surprised how unhygienic and gross the men's bathroom was; like a smelly truck stop.
A definite pet owners paradise.  Lots to choose from, although I found them to be very pricey.  (Dog harness at $45).  A pet friendly store with lots of tasty treats for the 4 legged friend.
I came here one evening for dinner with a friend. Their souvlakis were great, especially the fries. However, other dishes were mediocre at best. There is nothing special about the place.
This place just opened a month ago. The Beef Stroganoff is excellent. Just the right amount of sour cream in the sauce. I will definitely be back.
Burgers are great and you can get them anyway you want them.  I ate in the dining area and the service was great. Not much of a breakfast menu... since they're open 24 hours and all.
No snacks, no tv screens, no blankets, no pillows. What are we paying for these days? Sky mall? Not worth the ticket price :(
I have been approximately 10 times. Each time was good. I love their green sauce. The restaurant itself isn't very appealing.  The location of the bathroom bothers me. It is definitely a safe bet when stuck in Glendale.
Meh. It's Starbucks. The coffee sucks, the drinks are way overpriced for what they are, and all the money goes to a corporation.\n\nGo down the street and buy coffee from Copperstar and at the same time support the community you live in.
Great food and restaurants. Cool rooms. Small casino. Terrible front desk and customer service - computers were down at check out and getting through to someone by phone has been impossible.  I had a few rooms booked and over 1000 dollars of charges were billed twice!  Weeks after our trip, still waiting on hold to speak to their account receivable department.
It has indoor pool - that's the only reason we come here. The showers are in tragic conditions and only one family friendly shower room, which is also for disabled people, so usually looked. And the general shower area is extremely child unfriendly. Again the only reason we come here is the indoor pool, but otherwise not worth it.
See my tip! Subway just sucks. They are cheap and want to charge for extra ingredients! How about putting on a fair amount of ingredients in the first place!
As a person from the Midwest, this place is a joke.  Limited menu.  Fries were brown and soggy.  Burger was undercooked.  Not going to be a repeat customer.
Never had a bad eating experience at Cheba Hut! The food is Delicious, and the subs are TOASTED... Yummm!!! a must-try if you are new to Mesa or if you've just never been to Cheba Hut before!
Pho broth was very bland...tasteless, no flavor.
Where to start... the decor is atrocious, the place just looks like it's going to be bad. The service was mediocre and there was a waitress eating in front of me which I find tacky. The food was ok... just ok... barely ok.
Love not having to drop my clothes off and instead having them come to me! Clothes were clean!
interesting menu choices and just good food, but didn't impress me too much for the price.
Consistently good.  Friendly service and clean restrooms are always a plus in my book.
I came here few years ago after the wait at Rain was incredibly long-we decided to drive accross the street. I just had a ok time here...the music was alright but the crowd was lil bit older.   I didnt really mind it much though for $10 cover.
Went bk 4 more trying ABC burger, veggie wrap, fajita wrap, & french toast.  All was acceptable but as others have remarked-- on plain side.  Still seems wholesome though & not owned by a corp or chain.  Now they close @3pm everyday.
I like their spring roll, that's it. The meat in their pho seemed old as seen on it's consistency and quality. Place is clean though. I'd come back for the roll but if I want something else that's on the menu, I'd go somewhere else.
One of the worst bloody marys I have ever had.  The burger was one of those frozen packaged patties.  Thin and tasteless.  I should have ordered the smoked meat.
Place is great, nice hole in the wall feel with good pizza and friendly staff. Good lunch specials with pizza by the slice as well. Slices are huge!
prolly one of the best salons in town... had several haircuts from jewlz and shes amazing..  book her in advance shes hard to get because shes so talented!!
Mediocre service...AMAZING Cuban sandwich.
Grade: F\n\nFrom the moment you walk in the door and the stench of bad fried seafood hits you in the face till the bad service brings you your nasty cold seaslop, you will regret ever giving this place a try.
Had to wait a while, but the waitress definitely made up for in and was courteous that we were in a time crunch. I highly recommend the chimichonga. Best one of my life (if you like cheese.)
Dry sushi rude waitress. Second time this has happened! We used to love this place. Anyways sad really won't be coming back. Save yourself the trouble there's a reason the sushi is always half price now!
Not as good as I had hoped.  Strange menu:  pasta, but no burritos.  Had the chicken quesadilla, and didn't care much for it.  Although, the free dessert deal using Yelp was nice.
A fine spot for a weekend breakfast at a reasonable price.  Nothing to write home about, but a good meal.  There are very few options Uptown Charlotte...
This is a decent place for lunch. The vegetables are a little watery but the fried chicken is really good. I didn't like their cornbread because it was icky sweet (like a cake).
Hands down, consistently, the worst service I've gotten in Summerlin for the three years I've lived here. Actually it's not Summerlin. However, the drive through service is so bad. I keep coming back due to lack of options in the area.
LA based lifestyle company in the linq.  Soft opening but so far seems a bit overpriced - like urban outfitters for trust fund kids.
Best green tea! Garlic tuna nigiri. Yellowtail w ponzu n jalape\u00f1o nigiri. Wild salmon. Best spicy tuna rolls. Asakusa roll is redic! Dessert great too!!!
Good food weak service.
Quick and easy boarding! I never have a problem getting my baggage within a decent time frame. The only con is that there is a bit of traffic getting to your gate, so make sure you leave at least an hour to check in your bags.
I think I've found a new favorite restaurant! The food is very fresh and flavorful, atmosphere is quiet and clean, service is outstanding... the owner is so welcoming that it felt more like I was dining at his home than a restaurant! A1!
The food and the atmosphere were nice, but I thought the restaurant was a bit pricey.  There is an amazing view of the strip & it's a very cute, romantic date night type restaurant.
Popped in quickly to literally grab milk and bread. Easy, pleasy. Everything was where it's supposed to be, it was well stocked, clean and easy to purchase. I would say \"I wish all HT's were like this,\" but they are.
It could be the only place in the Palazzo I can get a drink for under a mortgage payment.  Ha ha, just kidding!  Bring gold ingots for your cherry tea.
lol, the stories of the owner cutting off college kids who try to practice their Japanese on him makes me like the guy even more.  The food is pretty good, too.  This place gets HOT in the summertime, I think it is a combination of the big windows on an older building, and AC turned too low.
I have been here twice and both times was a poor experience. If you don't point out a stain they miss it. The tailoring was sloppy, and the merchandise in the store was overpriced. Stay Away
Food was so so and the entertainment on their comedy night blew...not even close to par with the fullerton, ca location
Incredible food!!!!! \nJust had sweet potato soup.....AWESOME!!!!\nOrdered an extra bowl to go
It's an odd piece on the strip. It has the feel of the downtown casinos. It's smaller then most other casinos on the strip, but it always seems to be crowded. So, they are doing something right.
Was pleasantly surprised with how good my Pad Thai was. Flavor was good, a little sweet a little spicy. Noodles were cooked perfectly and I got a really good amount for the money. I will be going back.
Good place to come in the morning. Good Donuts and they will always make fresh coffee as needed.
Perfect night out for dinner and drinks! Although a bit pricey, Tanzy is about the same price of other upscale restaurants in Scottsdale. Service was impeccable and food was great. Portions were perfect size and you must try the table side mozzarella appetizers!
This restaurant is very cozy and is a bit off the beaten path. The few tables in the restaurant are very close to each other (the couple sitting beside us was commenting on our food and everything was within earshot). Service was excellent, but very slow. The food was scrumptious to say the least. Price was very reasonable.
Horrible! The check in took an hour! The place is run down and dirty. The elevators are filthy, we will NEVER go back there!
the rooms are sooo comfortable. The staff is very pleasant and helpful.. Anything I needed everyone was more than helpful. Food was good from the hotel and the hotel bar made tasty drinks. I love the tub (relaxing) I love the blackout shades, the kitchen and dining area in my room. I have intentions of returning soon.
Bread made on site is delicious! Very hospitable owners, love the olives. Wonderful beef with couscous, lots of vegetables. Will definitely be back as we work very close to here.  And must try the house hot tea!
Parking is a nightmare here...good luck!
direct tv sucks!!!! rip off company!!
Sold me drinks before close and rushed me out. Don't sell me drinks if you are going to be rude and rush me out of your bar
I was not happy with the Beef Lo Main. Not a dish I would suggest. The inside was pretty cute, they had fish in a little tank for you to look at while waiting for your food. The staff was nice. But I do not think I am going to go there again.
This place is great, I always get the jumbo dog and I love how they come with fries. Oh did I mention the fries are awesome here. \n\nMake sure you order the dog with everything plus peppers. \n\nAlso cash only.
Super smokey inside. The day bartender has real attitude. Not all good. Friendly crowd.
Bar is okay and the atmosphere is nice.  Food is below average and pricey. Our food was cold and when we commented on that the sever didn't seem to care.
Room was very small, smelled dirty, bath tub drained extremely slow. I will never stay here again. Light fixtures were rusting and room is outdated. Don't expect any type of luxury here. You get what you pay for.
This place was everything I ever wanted as far as mexican food goes. I ordered the mexican pizza, which was absolutely delicious!!! Salsa & chips were also great.  They had live mariachi. I have found a mexican restaurant that meets my expectations :)
I am SO glad that this place is doing well.  The coffee is great and the atmosphere very chill.   SOOOO much better than any other coffee place around my area.   Thanks for coming to the hood!  I love the friendly staff and the assortment of chairs, vibes, and diverse reading/info!
My favorite Mexican food!  Unlimited Chips, Bean Dip & Salsa - delicious!  \n\nThis place has a homely feel and reminds me of my Grandma's cooking.  Love the chimichangas & Taco platter.  Definitely try this place!
Great cupcakes  I love their cookie dough cupcake it's delicious  especially when warmed up in the microwave... I give them a three because they definitely could work on their service then this would definitely be a five
Great vegetarian food from a stellar staff. The vibe in this establishment is great, the service is solid. This place is a diamond in the rough on Grand avenue. Much appreciation for the awesome food.
It's a really cute little place & they have good food. Good vegetarian options too. I'll definitely go back at some point.
I've eaten here a few times in the past. Finally brought my wife because she has been wanting some Vietnamese food. She absolutely loved it and I wasn't disappointed. Tried a few items that I haven't tried before. Their avocado shake was really good and it was my first time trying it. Will definitely be coming back.
Desiree is by far the best hair dresser I have ever met!!! So happy with my hair and will be a diligent customer for the rest of my life!!! Thank you thank you thank you!!!
Come early! I love all Harkins Theaters, this one is one of the busiest!
I need to update my previous review. Not sure what happened, but they've gone downhill. It's like a different place. They went from being awesome to unreliable.
Delicious bagels, great variety of bagels and spreads, reasonable prices.
I love Pink Nails! No one does glitter gel better than here. My favorite place to get a Rock Star Manicure. They have iPads to use while you get a pedi too. Everyone here is hilarious and friendly. The service is great. Highly recommend.
This was just a fabulous restaurant - very intimiate - wonderful menu selection - great service - and just an overall great experience - strongly recommend listening to the staff  - they have great recommendations and great insight
Dr Pinkert is awesome !  He is one of the best Vision Drs in the Valley , plus he is cool as ....  I CAN SEE CLEARLY NOW !
The Pho was delicious, the place was cute, and the prices were decent. Also, the service was amazing! The waiter offered to warm up my son's bottle. Good service goes a long way, so we will definitely be back!
What is there  not to love about Costco.. Wish they would come to Casa Grande. Great products, super prices, fast checkout, friendly and helpful employees... etc etc etc.
Way too expansive! One of the worst couscous I ever had, tasteless. Ugly place. Take the +$10 for two, it's a better deal.\nThe star goes for the music and staff!
This best buy is really busy today!!!!! There is a nice open setup.....today the line is extremely longgggggg but a nice store.
It's an airport.  It is not near the top of my favorites.
I loved the atmosphere. The prices are very reasonable and the food was AMAZING. I had the ribs and fries and my friend ordered the Mac n Cheese and I tried it and it was delicious. I will be back again!
Jerry and his team provide complete service from advising on the best configuration, to install, and finally clean up and use. Also this was by far the best quality of materials and mounting that ensures safe storage of our items. Jerry understand how to set expectations and deliver on all expectations which provided me with complete confidence in his work.
The tuna burger is a top 5 sandwich in the valley. I also need the recipe for dip for the potatoes. Great place for a late lunch (to avoid the LGO rush).
We had an amazing time! Our hosts we wonderful and generous. They made sure everyone enjoyed themselves. Definitely have recommended it to everyone I know, and let me tell you, they can not wait to try this!!! Don't miss out on a great deal on a very good time in LV.
Fixed my locks, was on time and reasonably priced. I was pleased with the service and the tech did not try to sell me on unnecessary extras.
Totally agree with the other reviewers.  The repair shop is less than ethical.
Very disappointed
It reminded me of the dirty restroom at the gas station on HWY 40 driving through Texas. Dirty and nasty.
I do love me some Amado's.  Prices are good.  Food is above average.  The only thing I don't like is feeling like I'm going to get mugged every time I go here, regardless of time of day.
Way way way way way way too noisy. Food is good. They need a bigger space. I might give two stars but the food is good. There must have been sun spots or something. The have salt and pepper on the tables, which was good to see.
Our non-smoking room smelled like stale cigarettes, the decor went out of style when Clinton entered the White House, and the location was inconvenient.
Amazing products. Sinfully delicious :) I recommend their cheesecakes.
I have had shoe leather easier to chew, the pie showed up barely warm and missing its salad. When the salad did arrive it was a sorry excuse and there was no fork. The only thing going for the order was the good amount of toppings.
HUGE Beatles fan, HUGE Cirque fan. Enough said, Loved the show. Definitely recommend.
Absurdly massive burritos. Beyond that it's just pretty typical Mexican.
ok Go to the Dallas store ALL the time but Erin made me feel more at home than Ian usually does.....  Sorry Ian.  Food is what I expect for Eddie V's.  Menu is a bit different and still excellent.  Will definitely go to this location again when next n Phoenix!
I wanted to like this place because it's so close to my house, but the food was so disappointing. I ordered breakfast - the eggs we're dry, the bacon was fatty and undercooked (I asked for crispy). My husbands meal wasn't anything special either... Too bad.
This place shall be rated by negative stars for its absolutely grossness. First, the 18 year old doormen didn't honor the 21& over for free deal - false advertisement, then there were vomit and spilled drinks on the floor. No one cleaned up. Hello, Madison Avenue, the birth place of swine flu!
Great atmosphere,awesome waitresses, and superior food!! Eating on the patio is best place
A hidden gem. Very nice amenities and reasonably priced. I definitely recommend this place for some good old R&R!
Pretty decent place,  I would go back if I had bottle service .... would probably not if I were just going to check it out for the night..\n\nstaff is friendly and on top of their game but the club dance floor and bar are are too crowded and small.
This year will be my 10th CES... it's the biggest show I know for all Electronics. A great venue for European companies who are interested in US products...Especially in High End Audio.\nOnly for Trade people...come and see us in the Venetian 29th Floor room 229 :-)
I had their combo. It was a huge serving of meat.
We had breakfast here before checking out, had no complaints at all. I had the steak and eggs with potatoes. I was great, only problem was some kind of sauce on the steak. But I knew it was going to be on it, so that's my fault. Overall it was a good breakfast.
Place is huge!  So many tables outside with cabanas as well if you are feeling extra lucky. \n\nService was top notch for our table area, and we had a good location in respect to DJ. \n\nHighly recommend but come ready to pay!
Fine for sandwiches and fries.  I wouldn't get anything else there.  It isn't gourmet, it's like a glorified Denny's.  But it is quick, and portions are huge, and the hamburger was just fine.
We enjoyed a very nice lunch. We both ordered a medium hot and both were good and hot. Food was very good. Service was good and they were fairly busy. A good place.
After a long cross country journey, this was our last stop on our way \nhome. It ended up being the highlight of all the resturaunts. I had the saurbraten and absolutely loved it. Staff was great
Got a dog, had to be put down three days later with Distemper.  Thousands of dollars spent and a child's broken heart.  There is no recourse when adopting a dog from this place, they are not responsible for anything.  They don't care for these dogs, they just sell them.  I will never adopt from this shelter again.
Had the Farm Burger - duck breast bacon, english cheddar with a fried egg, med rare. It was without a doubt the best burger I've ever had in my life. Can't wait to go back. Service was great and the price was incredibly reasonable.
so terrible. They charged customers for resort fee after we prepay at priceline without any notice in advance
You've got to eat here if you are down on your luck and need a cheap meal to pick you back up.  We walked all the way down the strip just to eat here.
location: inside an antique mall so you can browse with your friends post-tea session.\nfood: standard tea and sandwiches. \nprice: reasonable\nambience: decorated with antiques...but wish it was more stylish.
Pretty standard Pho besides my bowl being packed with a tons of protein (meat). It was actually a huge bowl that I could barely make half a dent in.\n\nHad a chance to try the 7 course beef as well.\n\nI'd visit it again.
The employees are rude and not at all helpful. I went in looking for a particular item. There were no customers in there except me. They ignored me until I asked for help and than they looked annoyed like it was a big hassle to help me out. They acted very snobbish. I will never go back.
Great food at a great price!  Will def go again!   Deep fried marshmallows to die for and fried Oreos too!!!  Food hot and cooked great!!!
I love this shaved ice especially making it into a Bahama Mama Rama (ice cream inside). Its delicious. I get strawberry and peach.
The food is made to order and tastes great.  It's a small place and based on the food alone, is probably busy all the time.
Great waitress. Blah food.
Just got done eating here. Had the chicken sandwich for lunch with fries. Food is excellent. Great atmosphere. Had the desert which was good too.  Staff very friendly and service was excellent. Will definitely come back again.
First visit to the Church Brew Works and can safely say it left a lot to be desired.  Had the Oktoberfest and the IPA and the schnitzel for dinner.  The beers were average, as was the main course.  The ambiance is phenomenal though.
Didn't know what to expect, the prices were better than I expected. For the firs time being there I was impressed.  good price and good food.
Not worth your money. They skimp on the meat, they don't give you an egg, and broth isn't as flavorful or rich as other ramen places.
This Is very much a \"Dude\" bar...that's why us girl's like coming here ;) you can find all kinds of guys here...guys who just got out of work, guys who come to watch the games...good times, friendly staff and strong drinks.
The service was about as bad as it gets. The food wasn't very good either. I thought that the remodel looked great but the service killed any chance they had for our return.
This place is LITERALLY on top of a nightclub. If you like feeling at 1:52am that you're in the middle of a party scene while laying in bed than this may be the place for you. Unfortunately for me I like to sleep. I will never stay here again.
A great experience from beginning to end. Excellent customer service, fantastic food, great wine and exceptional company! Highly recommend Mastro's.\n\nBiggest highlight was the rack of lamb, extraordinary!
I'm pretty sure this is the best pizza I have ever had.  We split the bruschetta plank which was good, nothing spectacular and the garlic pizza.  The crust was cooked perfectly thin and had delicious flavor.  The ambiance was very nice as well.
Good sub joint!  You can get them hot or cold.  Situated in the cool downtown Chandler area ir is good for lunches!\n\nI would recommend a little wider chip selection. \nAs far as a sub it is definitely a step, or three, above Subway or Quiznos.
AWESOME GF Vegetarian/Vegan food tucked away in the Walnut shopping block in Shadyside. Friendly staff, generous portions, casual atmosphere. Fantastic brunch! A must try for all.
Happy hour:   \nPretty good food.  The fries fills you up, otherwise the other dishes may leave you hungrier than ever.\nIt was interesting to watch a the experienced bar tender train the new bar tender as I eat.
Very cool addition to Scottsdale.  We enjoyed some drinks at the bar this past weekend and really liked this place.  The bartenders were great - friendly and very helpful.
Not the greatest, not coming back.\nGrilled chicken breast sandwich: WAY more bread than meat. Chicken was pounded so thin was chewy and maybe 4oz. No side weird\n1/4 rotisserie chicken dark meat looked more like 1/8 and the green beans were very bland
The food was amazing 1st time there with family. The best view, friendly staff, I would go again. The only thing I wasn't happy with is they have  a dress code. Very happy customer!!!!
Very nice happy hour on Sunday
Friendly and great food with the freshest ingredients. Ask for Tony, he will get you Fried Rice or Chow Mein made New York style.
The chiken wasnt cooked well,all the salads wasn't fresh, i was really not satisfied.Usually the other scores restaurant are good but this one is really bad but the service is really fast
OMG! The Cupcakery in the Monte Carlo Resort has too die for cupcakes! Had the Red Velvet and Coconut Bliss cupcake. I would go back to Vegas just for these cupcakes!
There cowboy burger is the best onion ring/ bacon burger you will ever taste!! It's a very unique place and good smoothies!
Very cool setup with plenty of room however the wait staff seems to have trouble serving everyone. I was there on a not busy Wednesday night. Our waitress rarely showed up, then brought my entire group of 12 ONE bill without ever asking if we wanted to separate...very annoying. The drink prices are pretty high too.
Super clean, super friendly, awsome italian beef, boyfriend said chicago dog was awsome.
For the price I love this place. Get the Groupon deal and it is the best. We like to come here to watch a movie, have a few drinks, and grab a bite to eat. If you have an issue they have no hesitation recognizing it and compensating for it.
From the beginning, they could not understand our phone number, address (we live on a street right next to cactus!) and our full order. After waiting over an hour and fifteen minutes, we finally receive our order, cold and incorrect.\n\nI recommend not ordering from this restaurant if you want quality service!
We came here to smoke some cigars in a cigar lounge while on vacation bc it's illegal in WA. We not only had great service but we also got to drink some beers and watch some TNF. Great start to our vacation.
My experience has been fantastic, Dr Bakerink says the most informative, insightful and caring advice in our 15 years of pediatircians. I cannot speak for others but our waits are 5 - 10 minutes. Every person we have encountered there has been perfect, Keep it up!
Best local coffee shop in Gilbert. Solid selection of specialty coffee drinks if you're into that, and the food options rock. Their iced Americano MIGHT just be my favorite. Ever.
Easily in my top 10 meals of all time. Sat at the bar and was in heaven eating dim sum and the crispy duck salad.
This review is on the b\u00e1nh mi (Vietnamese sandwich). I ordered the pork sandwich. It was just average. Nothing great but nothing bad either. I haven't had one yet as good as in Vietnam but I'm looking. If I return, I wouldn't get the sandwich next time.
Typical Chili's food.
This place caters to vegan! They have two different types of sorbets that tasted good. The reason I rated it a 3 is because the price is very high!! It's 45 cents for one ounce! It ended up costing over $30 for only four ice creams!
I had a good experience with their delivery service but the last 2 times it has taken over an hour to receive my order. My office is only 0.73 miles from their location. The latest time I called them back twice and was simply given a \"sorry about that\" response. I do not plan on ordering from here again.
So..this place is cute!  Huge dance floor!  The whole place is huge! Geesh~  Fun decor and nice bartenders.  The guys there seem pretty lame though.  Cool place to get dressed up and dance.
Great rolls and bread!
First visit: staff very loud  in communicating with each other. Food was good but dry had to use soup to try to bring some moisture to rice , chicken and egg rolls. May give it another try
Sandwiches are just bread and a few slices of meat, not worth it for $9. Pretty subpar
Absolutely wonderful no words can describe the tranquility I am feeling. Great staff, immaculate, and will receive serious pampering.  You deserve it. Go
The best NY Giants bar in Las Vegas!\n\nIf you are a Giants fan and have not been to Fontane's yet, you are missing out. The best pizza in town! Hint: Grab a large meatball pizza on game days... I look forward to it every Sunday
terrible.
ehh, I've had better. Okey environment, especially during happy hour but there are a few other places nearby that I think strive to achieve more.
Decent and fun party zone before Dbax games, it can be packed on weekends. Babes look great, service is ok, and food is mediocre, but none of that really matters. Come for the babes before the game.
I always go here when I visit Las Vegas and the Pho is always good but the last time my waiter was ruder than usual but what do you expect in Chinatown. I'd go here again of course but I'll have to try other places since their are many in that location.
Good spice levels. Chicken tikka masala and samosas were the most popular with our group. Did not enjoy the shrimp curry.\nGreat friendly and helpful service.
Love this place! \n\nBYOB? Check\n\nLunch buffet to try new Indian dishes? Check\n\nAuthentic Indian food? Check\n\nFriendly good service? Check\n\nPlans for dinner tonight? Go here!
The arapas are amazing! The service is snappy and the atmosphere is very festive. If you are looking for a quick bite to eat in the plateau check this place out.
Casual atmosphere and quick seating.  Server was very mediocre in attitude and suggestions.  The night took a turn for the worst when I discovered a piece of plastic wrap inside my bacon wrapped meatloaf.  Will not be back!
This place is just ok. Restaurant is dirty especially the restroom. Makes me wonder what the kitchen look like. I won't be back.
Ate there today. Service and food was great and the prices were right in line.would recommend it highly.
So much fun. I have always enjoyed the sights, tastes, and events available here!\n\nWe love the museums, gardens, and food available here - all the while in close proximity to an open field of grass and great study space!
can i tell you how awesome the berry mojito's are?!  fresh mint and raspberry, and good sized glass...  i cant get enough!!\nas for the rest of the food, wasnt bad, wasnt spectacular.  but 5 stars for the mojito's!
Beautifully decorated group room but the service was mediocre and when I paid my tab I kinda felt ripped off.\n\nFood:  7/10\nService:  5/10\nPrice:  3/10\nAtmosphere:  10/10
Recommend the Fried Chicken and Mac n Cheese!
It is my first time been here after they changed owner. Won't be here anymore,bad Service and waiting for long time to get the food,they lost the order list but keep telling me that the food is coming!
We went for brunch after church. We waited for seating for five while groups of four were being seated that came in long after we arrived. I was looking forward to the monthly special of blackberry pancakes, but they had already run out. I don't plan to return anytime soon. Also, the fried egg ordered over medium were over cooked
The food is great here. Have yet to have something I didn't love. The pizza is perfect!  Can't say enough about the steak bomb, always hits the spot.  Always the first stop when we have company in town.
Loved the decorations for the Lunar New Year! It was so beautiful. Great picture spot. Definitely many things that will make you just stand there and observe. I wonder what they do during the other times of the year. Guess I will have to go back to see!
Very BAD service! Every room stinks of cigarettes! No water in the bathroom. and we paid $180/night here!  If looking for a bargain chose Circus Circus instead. Otherwise pay just a bit more and stay in a decent hotel. Total junk!
I was so excited to get a shave I walked in & the lady working there did not even know I was there.when I asked about the shaves she didn't know anything & I made a appointment for Monday & the barber doesn't work on Monday so why make a appointment for me then?????
Decent food, spotty service. I recommend the combo plates. Delicious salsa! Not my favorite Mexican restaurant but convenient for those living in old Henderson.
Love their shakes! :)
This is my favorite downtown casino...... good service, nice restauranat and great bar. they have great craft beer and the Coldest beer around!!
Very good informative tour! It's all outside in the Boneyard, so bring a hat, sunscreen, and sunglasses! Also probably better to do a morning tour during the summer.
The place is cute, food was fresh, and the service was good. But, the food was blah. I was very disappointed, hoped for something more. You can get better food and MUCH better prices across the street at Denny's.
first off parking for n event is a night mare. Then its in a basement so forget about it being decent walking distance from hotel lobby.
everytime I come this weekend and its clean and I love the bathroom it smells like candy and the water is warm great customer service quick
Great selection of glass . I had an issue with a piece and paul went out of his way to make the situation right . He was very knowledgeable and helped me make a good choice .  Honest, trust worthy and great selection - lower priced items as well as higher priced items such as rehab.
I've ordered here a couple times and today was the day that sealed their fate. Horrible service. I was hung up on 3 times and never given a clear answer. I will not be coming here ever again.
Wow! I tried Not Just Coffee out on Saturday and it was phenomenal. This morning, I detoured into the parking lot again for a taste of their heavenly Carmel Latte. It is some of the best coffee I've ever had. You HAVE to try this place  out!
Food was pretty good. Nothing to really rave about but it was my first time so I would definitely go back and give it another chance. They had lots of options...burgers, sandwiches, wraps, salads, smoothies. Cute little place in a nice area of town :)
this place is too good to miss it.We ordered delivery recently couple of times and their food is great and packed with flavor and not to mention HUGE PORTIONS..I havent visited the restaurant but I am sure eating the same food in the restaurant tastes even better than in the take out box..
Went here because we saw the great reviews on bloody Mary's and we were staying at the hotel . Worst decision ever . Maybe it was our bartender but we got two bloody Mary's that tasted like straight tomato juice no vodka in them . Returned them and got beers instead
The bar itself is very nice. Some of the staff are very friendly, some I just try to avoid. Its only busy on Thursday and Saturday nights. The prices are insane. If one domestic beer is $4.50, just imagine how much the cocktails are. I don't even go anymore. Its just too expensive.
Great place!  Great atmosphere!  Yummy drinks and awesome staff. The owner and bartender \"Russell\" were fantastic . I will definitely go back when I'm back in town
Brought my car in for an oil change because I had a coupon. Two weeks later I noticed oil stains in my garage where I park. I brought it back to my regular mechanic and he said that the Firestone mechanic that worked on it left the washer out when they put the oil tank plug back in and it was leaking.
No sign from the street - just a window banner. This hole in the wall is a hidden treasure. The food and prices is what wil bring me back here again and again!!!
Dumplings, Chicken fried steak with gravy. What more could you ask for. Staff was friendly and fast.
I picked up a copy of this magazine and found it really nice and informative.  The layout was great and the photos were beautiful.\n\nI enjoy supporting local farms and business and this magazine was very helpful.
This fruit hadn't ripened yet. Unfriendly unknowledgeable bartenders. The yard house feel is not present here. The limited drafts and specials are not available. The bartenders seemed bothered to serve us. I would pass this place up till they get their act together.
This place used to be excellent, however their recent menu changes really show that they are not in touch with their customers. They do not make my two favorite items any longer. The garden medley salad with blackened salmon, and the margaritas flatbread. Not sure if I'll go back...
Nice market for healthy food and meats.  Their meat counter is great and be sure to try one of their many fresh sausages.  Very little fat in them.  Produce is good and prices lower than most super market chains.  They carry a vast selections of health food brands.
The service here is good, our server Jaimie was great and the yummy Tropical iced tea was never empty. I had the ahi steak salad which was cooked nicely but I recommend asking for the dressing on the side.
Really good food, except for the deserts...they have courteous waiters, some of them young students from France, well trained. One tip, don't order the duck dish, its not worthy.
This is a pretty good place to go if you are in the mood for fresh and local Chinese food.  We have gotten take out from there many times and the portions are large but delicious.   The veggie are fresh which is a pleasant surprise.
Super cute spot with the freshest of the fresh ingredients. Tasty sandwiches and salads. Fast and friendly service. Adorable country farm feel. What's not to love?
Ehhhh I don't know.... This place didn't impress me. Had the hummus and avocado salad. Both kind of bland and don't me wrong, I love Mediterranean food..... It's was like hospital food trying to be Mediterranean.
Terrible hostess, doesn't have communication with guests, isn't respectful or friendly and ignore customers
The food at a Passage to Indian is PHENOMENAL, it is my favorite Indian spot in Charlotte. Every dish is flavorful and fresh. Their buffet is first rate and very reasonably priced. At lunchtime, they are always packed to the gills. I definitely recommend eating there.
The food here was great but it took so long that I forgot what I ordered.  I think our waiter forgot about our table my brother ordered a beer an hour later it was on the bill but still hadn't showed up and our water occasionally got refilled.  Like I said horrible half rude service but great food
Decided to stop on for dinner and drinks. Happy hour deals are not that much of a deal. The wings were a pretty big disapointment all together. First off they were not hot and the sauces were all pretty saltly. \n\nWe will stick with Buffalo Wild Wings next time.
Very good Hawaiian bbq! The meat is seasoned well, and they also have seafood. Reasonable prices, I'll be coming back!
Worst service ever! People that rated them were being very generous. We got in early in the morning made previous arrangements  months ago and they had no car for us. Their excuse was, \"Our car hasn't been returned yet.\"  Then we got handed us off to  another car rental.  Go figure!
If you don't know you better ask someone! I believe the best custard in town!
Not the best pizza in the world (it's also not the worst but at $5,  why complain.
This place has fresh & delicious food. I did a take out order and waited 15 minutes but there was 5 orders ahead of me. The foodwas very hot and awesome . I will be back to try some other menu items.
Great bread!  But I wish the sandwiches were a little bigger.  I got the wheat sub roll with meal deal and it disappeared too quickly...left me hungry!  I guess I'll try the french bread next time.  Maybe it's a little bigger.
Right in busy financial district of Edinburgh about 200 yards from Princess Street. Very nicely done up inside and a great place to chill out after work while everyone else is running around looking for buses etc.
The Cup O' Karma is such a neat coffee shop, it has a lot of character and flair and a great iced coffee.
It was nice to sit outside in the spring time. It's pretty quaint. The chips and salsa were good. The food was decent. The burrito was good and was big.
Do not trust T-Mobile! Their salespeople and Corporate support have lied to me about my initial signal strength and lied about a tower that was coming to my area just to get me past the buyers remorse period. No integrity at all as recently demonstrated by the overbilling scandal uncovered by the FTC.
I've loved zpizza for a while now, but I just tried their provence and tuscan pizzas and they are amazing!
Ajo Als on 16th Street es no bueno, my girlfriend and her brother got food poisoning from here yesterday! that's just gross!
Dirty restaurant. Last time I went, my food all smelled and tasted fishy. They do have good portion sizes.
group of 12 of us had a great time and great meal.  ordered lots of appetizers that went around the table - tasty assortment!  several craft beer fans in the group were very pleased.  one person ordered a wine cooler which came in an interesting bottle and it was very good.
While coffee is decent as Starbucks can be. The help has attitude. The place was burning up hot inside and when I asked if they had a/c I was told rudely by the barista \" I burn up every shift. \"  putting a much more sour taste than the coffee in my mouth .
It was ok - not anything great. Chips and guac was our favorite part and the atmosphere was really cool. It would be a great place to return to for drinks and try their wide selection of mezcla. The food was just over priced and not great - will go to Mad Mex the next time we want food.
I love Udder Delights! You can get single scoop, double scoop, a milkshake, or a banana split in any flavor ice cream. One of the cool and delicious flavors is baked potato chip. Plus it's good to support local. :)
We had very high hopes for the new location. However, things haven't come together just yet. I will give them another chance, in a few weeks to see if things (food) get back to the old ways. I sure hope so!
We ate here for breakfast. This was much better than any of the buffets I tried; however not better than some of the others on the strip. My preference would be the buffet in Paris casino. There is nothing wrong with the one at MGM Grand though....
As an employee at Sunless Glo I am pretty picky about my spray tan. Happy to say the newest addition of our team knocked it out of the park! Love my tan! \n-feeling famous!
I first tried frozen custard in Virginia. I jumped for joy when I saw the sign. We ordered the special of the day which was caramel cashew. I love cashews and my girlfriends and I all ordered the same thing. I was sad we didn't get a chance to go back.
The rice was hard and the beans were cold. That was a terrible example for mexican food tonight. (12/26/2011)
This place is great. Food is always good and the service is excellent. There is generally a little bit of a wait, but if you come in anticipating that you should be fine. Generally avg of 15 mins or so.
I remember going there to eat a short while back. I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and was not disappointed in the least. The portion was generous and the price was reasonable. The waiter was courteous and friendly. The food was delicious.
Nothing has changed, same boring food and same nonsense in the store area.
Went there one on our lunch break one day and it took over 40 minutes to make our sandwiches!!! What in the world??!!?!! Had to scarf down our food on the way back to work! Not a great first experience
Annihilator Freeze! So tasty! I've been to this location and the new one off Gilbert Rd, and both have SUPER DUPER friendly staff. That's something you don't find too often anymore, so it's greatly appreciated.
Smoothies are great but the girl who made them.... Not so much. Used a Groupon, dont think i would ever come here without a deal.
Frozen hot chocolate is a must! Just use the walk up window- and enjoy. I had the traditional one and it was awesome! Shared it with my sister an still had plenty left over!
took advantage of the coupons and got the chicken fingers. fast service and friendly. the chicken fingers were good,just be careful ordering hot! I still have much to try here so the jury is still out,but so far so good!
This place is the best.  Great food and cold beer at reasonable prices. Try the Stromboli!  Just a great place.
Cute family restaurant with great food! I had the hot pastrami sandwich. The meat was fresh, melt in your mouth sandwich! my husband had the fish fry which was perfectly crispy on the outside and nice a fluffy on the inside! Anyone looking for a great county ma&pa place this is it!!
did not like this place.  Decor was dark and manly.  Like a man's den or a bachelor pad.  The buffet was okay.  The restaurants on Studio Row look delicious but very pricey.  The lounges and nightlife was hot and happening which saved the MGM a one star rating.
I have eaten here many times, dining in and taking out. I come back for the food, but the service is driving me away. There has not been one time where they did not mess up the order, and the wait has always been trying.
Its okay overall, a little pricey compared to Jewelry and Mineral though. Will go again if I need to.
spend some good amount of time at this place, and very friendly people, and the customer service is very good.
Pretty good buffet they have everything from tamales to steak to lobster. they have a dessert area that rivals some ice cream shops and pastry shops pretty good eating
Large food and drink selection and great attentive service. We will be back.
Decent price on domestic pitchers. Entrees were half off but all looked mediocre. Tried the jambalaya and it was so so. Big groups of patrons led to pretty slow service.
I have been going here for two years and I must say I really do enjoy it. I can go anywhere for good sushi, but friendly staff  is the main selling point for me. This is definitely a place that makes you feel welcomed and the owner is a very charming and patient person. I would recommend this place to anyone. :)
I stopped in here a few weeks ago for some salsa and margaritas.  Good salsa and decent margaritas.  Great value.
Ended up having to have all of the work re-done at a Nissan dealership about 4 months later.  It was several hundred dollars on a duplicate repair to have it done right.  Bummer.
I really liked the staff here, but the facility is substandard (cramped, bad seating, no bathroom inside), and it seems to attract unnerving customers.
The was nothing spectacular. It was good,  but not great. The steak frites are very good.
We can for dinner as we arrived to Vegas. I just remember it being cheap but forgot that the selection is limited. \n\nTheir food is dry and not so tasty. Dessert looks good, but not enough to get me back here ever again.
Poor service - slow, error prone and had to be reminded repeatedly. Chef did a better job though. Chicken and lamb were nicely done but vegetarian dishes were mediocre.
Awesome. Outstanding staff, amazing climbing walls and cheap price.  If you like to climb, this is the place. Great workout or a place to take the kids to burn off energy. I'm coming back for sure!
This Walgreens has some great employees. Janice, however,  is one of the most dismissive pharmacists I've ever met. I will be taking my business elsewhere.
Horrible service and horrible food !!!!\nWent to have lunch and they told us to pick a table and after we did they told us that we have to move because that table was for 4 of more . The place was dead !!!! Really ??????
Thai Peanut Chicken Sandwich is great. Very fresh flavors and well balanced. Very reasonably priced. Restaurant is very clean and well kept. I recommend this spot for great sandwiches, soups and salads.
Berin got the job done in a timely manner. I appreciate their service and recommend them to anyone who needs an attorney who is honest, straightforward and real. If I need an attorney again, they will be my first choice. Thanks Berin Law Firm!
I think I heard too much hype...it just wasn't good. Very bland biryani with little or no meat, subpar service, and slow food delivery. I prefer Priya...though the service is not good either...their dishes are delicious.
Great location, decent food, but really noisy restaurant/bar on Mill Avenue!  The service was incredibly slow too!
We actually came to this place because of its reviews on yelp.. We were not disappointed.. Good food, friendly service and best of all good value..
Interesting to walk through. Thunderstorm is an interesting experience and mall decor is artistic. Shopping is high priced. We've been here twice and never buy anything. Kiosk sales people are relentless. We avoid them like the plague. A few nice restaurants and snack shops. Valet parking available via entrance off Harmon.
Cute atmosphere in a convenient location. Definitely better than Starbucks but they seem to be using a dark roast espresso. The macchiato I had was ok but the foam could have been better. If you're in the area not a bad option. They have a good sandwich and snack selection on the upside.
I needed an outlet installed in my pantry and Eco Electric was very prompt. The outlet was easily installed, it was inexpensive and the company was accomodating to my time schedule.\n\nHighly recommend Chris at Eco Electric :)
Over cooked lobster and very fishy mussels and clams. This is the not the first time we've been let down here. We will not be coming back.
Stumbled into this place for lunch. Pre fix was a salad and steak frites in a delicious mustard sauce. Very good food and our waitress was very nice to our 3 yr old daughter and brought her a free dessert. We'd definitely go back.
The Piglet is a nice intimate bar with a great bar and some amazing craft brews. Although it can get very crowded the clientele is grad student and late 20's so no worries about loud drunks. A great place to go when you just want to unwind and relax.
1.5x price than before after they move to Murray. It is still a mess there. Waiters seems don't have a clue yet. It might take time.
Good place to workout. Just avoid peak hours because it can get super packed!!! I would give it 4 stars if they would update the TVs or the cardio equipment. The weight machines are good enough and there is a good sized weight area. Overall a solid, clean, gym.
Their Chicken Critter Salad's got game. More portion of chicken than any other chicken salad I've ordered elsewhere.  They have other great entrees, but this cowpoke likes his critters
This use to be a must when going to vegas. I got a table 2 months in advanced. tried to cancel it after less than 24 hrs after i purchased it. they said they would give me a refund asap but NEVER did. Horrible service. NEVER get a table here.
Awesoem company....great service. Flew with them thanksgiving weekend 2007....will return to use them again soon.
My husband and I went to the seasonal 2 hour workshop and it was a great intro to glassblowing.  The two teachers were amazing and gave us just enough to help us feel engaged in the process, but not overwhelmed.  This is really a fun thing to do and I will definitely go back.  Who knows, we may have a new hobby.
Food was good BUT the place was so filthy that I lost my appetite. It's an old 5 & diner restaurant, they haven't redecorated one ounce. You can literally scrape the dirt and grime off of the chairs, floor and walls. I can't imagine what the kitchen must look like!
4 hour wait just to check in.  When I book a hotel, I expect to be able to sleep there, but they've kept everyone waiting past 4am.  Ridiculous.
The food is okay. Gave it 2 star cause they have a late night happy hour and it's all you can eat or than that, the services sucks, not enough grills so wait time for a table is forever. Waiting seats are not comfortable, bathrooms are gross, parking sucks & over all I don't recommend this place.
Usually love this place until the last time we were there, all the fish were dead or dying in the fish tank display.....very turned off.
They put a sign that says 75% off on frames then i went to pay for it they said its full price ( wrong info ) , making the customer confuse...
Great place! We have eaten here several times and have enjoyed it every time!! I love the chicken jalfrezi and garlic naan!
i never know how to review an airline. they get me there and back. only if the flight attendants are extraordinarily great or bad do i feel any inspiration to write an extensive review. \n\nthey don't give you little snacks, but do any of them? i think maybe southwest.
The flavors are boring.. nothing tasted like what it was supposed to and I don't like the fact that when you ask for a sample they fill it up for you and stand there when you try them.. it made me feel uncomfortable.
First time here with my mom and we absolutely love this place! They stay open late and their hospitality is incredible! There in the middle of remodeling I can't wait to see how it turns out
If you have any coupons for Arizona Auto Wash I would advise using them quickly. They are selling off and/or closing their locations and have only one left in Maricopa County, namely on Indian Bend Road.\n\nNot a big loss however, considering their substandard work.
I probably eat here way too much. But dang, it's so delicious! The club is the best! The staff is great; always friendly and efficient.
Great place to go. Friday and Saturdays are busy. Good prices for shady side.
Great snacks at the register
We figured we'd go to PB because of the great reputation, but we weren't impressed. Super overrated and the service was subpar at best. The sandwiches lived up to being stuffed full of toppings, but the meat was lacking and everything tasted bland. We're glad we went, but wouldn't go again.
Just as the review stated, there are so e thieves employed by this car wash. Who cars about the service when your kids' gadgets come up missing. Will not visit again. If you do, as the sign says, management is not responsible for the customer's belongings.
Food was poorly made. Pouched eggs thrown on a thin layer of stale sour dough bread with a touch of goat cheese that was very hard to find under wet asparagus and over cooked cheery tomatoes.
This is the place I took my parents during their visit to Vegas. And yummy!!! When I read these reviews I was happy that most loved this place. \n\nGo eat and enjoy.
Nice place to go...I just moved here and had Jessica and Brenda do my services.  I would go back...they were busy!
The food at the buffet was uh, passable.. The gal that insisted we get a players card was sweet, and the attendant came to us, so that was really cool. Again I wish the food had been better. Not sure I will have a reason to come back..
If you don't want to spend money don't go here or any of them. Vickie is my weakness lol. But this location is vey clean and easy to shop at, meaning there retail is not all on the floor and overall things are organized. I can't shop in clutter it's just overwhelming to me.
I called a psychic for a phone reading and boy, it was AWFUL. She basically asked my sign and gave generic attributes about it. Not worth the money.\n\nAlso, it felt very much like a \"Psychic Network Hotline.\" Not personalized or warm at all.
Just went there on a Saturday afternoon.  Went to check out in front (by the exit) and there was no one there; no one around.  So we went to the checkout near the mall entrance.  No one there; no one around.  I love B&N, but this one apparently has lousy management.
I've stopped by here every day this week and I get the same thing, a soda and a sandwich.  Monday it was $2.35, Tuesday $2.81, Wednesday $3.02.  I didn't come back on Thursday, at this rate of inflation I couldn't afford it.
Not here. Just an Italian Bakery
If I could afford it, I would buy a penthouse here and be totally happy! It's so beautiful and even the floors in the gardens are exquisite. Parking was easy to find and it's free. Check in looked a bit crazy but it was UFC weekend, it was being held at Mandalay Bay,
Great food, especially the Italian Beef! Make sure you get it with the sweet peppers. Love the onion rings. Atmosphere is very friendly. Service is great and entertaining.
Missed appts. don't brush the pool or add chemicals as requested and agreed upon.  They flooded my backyard by leaving the hose on.  On top of that when we contacted them to remedy the issue they couldn't have cared less.  Avoid them.
We ordered on-line which of course was super easy.  We ordered two different pasta bowls.  The food arrived sooner than predicted, was very hot.  The delivery person was presentable, personable, and efficient.  This is the very best experience we have ever had from this Domino's location.
Great selection! They always have my favorite, Cakebread!
Great pizza, great selection of beer and great service by Kayla; she's the best server in Charlotte!
Great service and great staff!\n\nReserved a Dyna, but was able to switch to a Fat Boy at the last minute without hesitation. \n\n2nd time renting in the past year, and will do so again!
$20 all you can eat sushi, how can you go wrong? The place is not too big and has a homey feel. The workers there are all awesome. I mean really awesome. One of my new favorite habits. Going to try to make it at least once a month.
Best fried chicken I've had in the area. Workers were super nice and helpful. Only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 is I thought the sides were just ok.
We've been to a lot of car dealerships in the last few weeks, and this was hands-down, the worst experience of the bunch. We were first ignored, then made to sit and wait for pricing for more than 20 minutes, for no apparent reason. We will definitely not be going back.
What's there to say? Decent (not amazing, but fully adequate) New York-style pizza, open late, no-frills, perfect for that stop between drinking destinations at the Cosmopolitan.
I've been to this store several times and have always had a decent experience. My most recent experience was to purchase a new SIM card as i was inheriting my husband's iPhone 5 when he upgraded to the 5S. I was upgrading from the 4S. Terry was very helpful and it was no charge!
Do you know what it feels like to get drunk, go to the mall, see other drunk people there, drink some more (at the mall) and blow a couple of thousand dollars?  I do.
Good selection of merchandise. Some fairly talented staff, although heavy on attitude. Customer service after the sale was a complete disaster. Found management to be either absent or unwilling to resolve problems.
When they say \"Cafe\" they mean it. It has a cafeteria feel inside. Do not come here for a first date :) Big menu. I got pineapple fried rice. It was OK. Place was clean.
They have a new menu food was good.  Not a great place for watching sports, tv's only at the bar.  Service was really slow for food, I waited a quarter and a half for fried fish.
Ordered the hamburger and fries pizza by mistake --it wasn't bad!!!  Great place to just grab a quick bite and hang out on the street.
Solid restaurant :)\n\nGood service, nice location, food is tasty & nicely presented. \n\nI had a Paradise roll & an order of Edamame & I was stuffed!
I love Gyros and this wasn't the place to get a good one.  There are way better places around the Henderson area to get one.  Prices seemed too high as well
Closed. Out of business, at least when trying to check the place out on July 14, 2010.
Excellent tandoori mixed grill.  It had a variety of chicken pieces, some kebabs and shrimp.  All were perfectly cooked, everything aw tender and juicy,  I also had the garlic naan which was great also.
Ordered delivery and it got here really fast. Within 15-20 minutes.\n\nGot the pork fried rice and it was pretty good. Generous portions and reasonable prices.
Went to this place for lunch. My wife order a wrap and I order a salad. Very nice food. The sweet potato fries are wonderful. My smoked duck break salad is wonderful too. Highly recommended.
Not my first choice for Mexican food by far but when I have mo choice so be it. The staff is ehh and not that friendly or fast. The only thing I will eat here is the rolled tacos, everything else I've had is not up to my Mexican food standards by a long shot.
This place reminds me of a small town restaurant, yet this was in a casino. Decent price, good service. Can't say much about the food because I had a chicken salad, but hey it was good.
THE best Sunday brunch I ever had.  The food was outstanding, everything was delicious.  If you don't mind standing in a short line to get in, then you'll be happy too.
First time eating Filipino cuisine and the folks here made it an awesome experience. Great food @ a great price! We will be back.
This is one of the larger dry cleaners in Pittsburgh.  They also have a location in Shadyside, I believe.  They are pretty reliable here.  I've gotten my clothes back and my husband's clothes back on time.  The dry cleaning has been good.  The tailoring and altering is also good.
As good as we remember!  Love the Southwest Benedict and the Crab Benedict.  Both were beyond magnificent!
Love this place!  Food is always great and the service top notch!
i dont know if the management changed again?  the place smells of cleaning supply when you enter. the buffet is horrible. its almost like the dishes are fightng for the worst tasting food competition.
Tostadas, I'm such a fan of their pastor tostadas. The wait and limited seating make it kind of a pain though. So I suggest calling in and ordering for pick up.
This Starbucks always seems to be busy, probably because its at the train stations. But there are always seats and the baristas move fast here so I feel I don't wait very long for my drink, makes up for the line time. Great place to kill 30 or 40 min till ones train arrives.
Locos taco is amazing.
arrived at 9:30pm when they clearly closed at 10pm according to the posted hours on the window. door was locked and the 2 employes inside just stared at us, couldn't even come to the door to apologize for closing early. won't be returning.
Lowest in my rankings for Chinese food on Craig street. Go to Little Asia or Orient express - MUCH better than Lulu's.
Simply honest and hard working. Detailed and not over priced, will be my mechanic forever.
Something has changed at this Sephora location.  I have been going here for years, and always had a great experience. Not anymore!  The last few times have been unpleasant. Seems the employees have changed. I have found them rude, pushy and not very knowledgeable on their products..  Will be going to a different Sephora location from now on.
We have used Yelp to find fun, unique & yummy places to eat our way thru Phoenix during our Spring Training  trip and this place did not disappoint! The service was wonderful, the deviled eggs are delicious and my French Dip with seasoned fries hit the spot!
Quite nice.  The private water park is a blast for kids and keeps kids away from the other pools which is a blast for adults.
Good bar.  Good location. The service was quick and the beer was cold.  They have a great happy hour including weekends.  Had the brat; it was pretty good but fell apart.  The fries witht he bacon dipping sauce are great.  Next time I am in tempa I will return.
BB king's makes you forget you are in Vegas. The live music was good, pretty much what you would expect. The food was OK. But a nice change from the insanity of the strip... added bonus: no dudes slapping hooker cards all over in the restaurant.
Food tasted good, line was not long and service was quick. Food was a little plain and a little pricey for what you're getting, but a good place for a quick to go lunch.
Amazing food from start to finish! I wanted some good authentic Mexican food so I drive 45 minutes and it was worth it! The food was fresh to order with amazing salsa and the service was great! We got our food within great timing.  I would definitely come back!
Dr Schreiber gets you results, simple as that. Highly recommended.
I've been looking for a great breakfast place in Charlotte for years. I found a lot of good ones but not so many great ones. This place comes really close.
mannnnn this place is good!!!!!
Jenny brown did a phonomal job on my color and cut. I loove it! The while school was very nice and clean. I felt very confident with jenny and the teachers helping her. Can't wait to hi again!
Beaautiful park great paths for running or walking. Natural surroundings and well taken care of !
There was basically no cheese on my \"cheese combo sandwich\", the fries were gross, and the waitress was nasty to us.
Was ok. Nice place and clean and yes everyone speaks English lol but didn't get the full pedi experience. No foot massage , no exfoliation , no scrubbing the feet ( which is the main reason I go). Didn't even get lotions up. But everyone was nice and accommodating
It a nice place for pharmacy besides that please dont buy their earphones the 5 dollar ones suck just to let u know and save somo extra cash.
Not my first choice for Mexican food. Bland to explain it at most. I had the California Burrito. Customer service was good. I didn't care for the Salsa either. I was hoping for better and was disappointed.
Pizzas, calzones and salads all very taste..the place is a typical Italian pizzeria, very cozy ..
Still the best in town!!! I brought my car in the other day and yet again Tigh and his crew took amazing care of us. I only trust them with my vehicles!!! Thank you for everything, see you for my next oil change 10's all of the way.
A solid meh for their breakfast buffet. Compared to other buffets the price was okay, but also compared to other buffets their selections was really limited. Ah well. Lesson learned.
Bought a dyson vacuum cleaner for dirt cheap! Great!
Service here varies on the person and day of the week.\nFood always looks like it was microwaved. So awful. \nOnly reason I gave it two stars was because of the drinks.
Always beautiful!
3rd time here... Arrive early for better quality if produce! :)
Love this place! Food and service is great, there's always something new to try. I can't stop eating their baklava!
A special store with wines that are often \"off the beaten path\" but memorable.  As its motto says, the owner has collected wines \"to believe in\".
My husband and I like this place a lot!!!  We love the pineapple chicken fried rice and sample platter. Always yummy!
Have NEVER had a bad meal there. Have NEVER had bad service either. Have eaten there MANY times.
Best eggplant parm in the west valley.
Johnny is awesome, the food is great, and at a very reasonable price. I love the homemade chips and the variety of salsas especially the hot stuff. Johnny usually has the food up in two to three minutes and it's fresh and piping hot. I highly recommend this place.
Really a lovely place to enjoy a meal.  Great atmosphere and service.  Potatoes Au Gratin are best ever.
Burgers cooked perfectly (Medium rare, as I requested), egg salad with pancetta was out of this world, and the service was great! We will be telling everyone to come here! I bet if they wanted to, they would make amazing fries, but their burgers did it for me! :) thanks for a great lunch!
Manhattan.
Love the pizza and the fancy drinks. Everything is so fresh and fast. Great ambiance and the staff is pleasant.
Overall, it was a good experience.  The Wreck sandwich was very tasty and the price with chips and a drink was reasonable.  Others have complained that the sandwiches were too small but I thought the portion was perfect for lunch.
$1.00 for Captain America yesterday!  So cheap my friend payed!  The chairs are not as comfortable as what you get in the high priced theaters but who cares you are only there two hours!  Picture and sound quality were just fine and the chairs are not uncomfortable, the restroom is Big and Clean!
After recently discovering the joys of gelato on a trip to Seattle, I was eager to find a decent place in the burgh. Mulberry Creamery not only stands up to the Seattle establishments, it beats them in terms of flavor variety and waffle cone tastiness! More flavors than you can shake a stick at? Check.
Pretty average place.  Disappointed that they weren't casing franks.  Surprised a hot dog place would serve a generic hot dog.  The chili was pretty flavorless and the onions were almost ground rather than chopped.  The only thing that got them to three stars were the fresh cut fries.
Nice atmosphere. Excellent service. Food was delicious, however, the room was so cold that our meals, shortly after arrival, were cold. Pizza, broccolini and the filet.  Tricky to find this place - but worth it.
Such a BOMB burger!! They really load it up with the \"fixin's\". If I'm in the area, I will definitely be back!
No toys or tv for children during lobby waiting period and the nurse offered a lollipop to my 12 month old on our way out. not the kind of practice I am looking for.
My wife and I decided to give this place a try and fell in love with the food. The food is fresh and has authentic flavors. The curries are outstanding, the best I think I have ever had, if you like Asian cuisine you are going to love this place.
Thank God you guys are here, smaller and more personal than Neiman's but, actually has a better curated selection for men
Nothing but fun.  A MUST SEE!
Awesome food and excellent service in a fun family oriented environment.  Love this place.
I love breakfast places but this one was slow and the food was not good at all. I had the #38 omelet. Large plate of food that was over cooked and greasy. One omelet and a cup of coffee $14.99, a bit over priced. Try the omelet house at your own risk...
We went here as a school field trip. It was extremely fun. The only thing that disappointed me was that I found a lollipop on the ground and I tried to sell it to them for 30 cents but they said no. This is what made them lose 4 stars.
I love the capastromi cheese steak is good too! If only it fit with my everyday healthy diet. I'd be here everyday! I always get a large and eat some today n save the rest for later.
Food good for chain. Customer service at this location indifferent, poor and slow. \n\nThere was just us and one other. Fulfillment of order good, check out process extremely slow.
Our favorite restaurant for steak.  This is one of few restaurants on the strip that I would recommend.  I'm usually one for variety but the filet mignon with red wine reduction is so good that I cannot bring myself to order anything else.
Truly not a great place for mexican food! The burritos were cold inside, cheese not melted and not wrapped correctly. Basically the goods were tossed in the middle of a tortilla and that was it. Yuck! Won't be going back!
Was an alright restaurant, I would return here again, slightly overpriced though. The food quality was good though!
Great place if you don't want anything unusual. When I go to a salon, I expect the technician to be able to give me ideas.
10 bucks for wi-fi?! Cheap bastards.
I love seafood but I'm usually not a fan of chained restaurants.  This place was good. I had the shrimp scampi.  It was a big portion so I saved some for breakfast.  We also had some type of soup with shrimp, very delicious also.
Good food and good service. Some of the best guacamole in town and margaritas are exceptional as well
Sushi station was just OK needed more than just salmon & rolls but everything else was worth the price of admission.I would go back.
Place is cool, literally.  It's kind of small and it's expensive.  I laughed as I could go to be that cold to a football game all bundled up and tailgate :)  It's good for an experience, but not a place to go regularly.  Need how they have \"ice\" glasses and all the ice furniture.
$30 for breakfast for 2. Not a good value. Ordered omelette with pancakes. I only ate half of it. Didn't taste good. Pancakes suppose to be fluffy. Felt sick to my stomach afterward because it's so expensive and tastes bad.
Amazing food very farm fresh just make sure you are prepared to wait in line if you go during prime time on the weekends. I have never had a bad meal!
Excellent food & service
very good hawaiian bbq chicken\ni always order hawiaiian bbq chicken\nits the best~better then any other teriyaki or the bbq chicken places\nwont hurt to try!
I really like this place. Cheap drinks. A relaxed dive atmosphere. No douchebags in sight. And great karaoke. This is my favorite little dive in Vegas.
You have things listed on your website that I can't order... False advertising is not a good business practice. #0991002921 listed for 199.00 but can't order in site or a guitar center. I can't order a neck from fender? Maybe you need new IT people.
I really don't see how anyone can recommend this place. yes it's the only place you can get a deep fried what ever you want but beware this is a very very unsanitary place.
No stars for Hash A Go Go.  We waited over 45 minutes for frozen sunny side eggs.  We asked for a new order only to be served more frozen sunny side eggs.  Avoid if Salmonella is not your thing.
This place was good.  I gotta come back to try something different.  But it's too damn far.
I have been to this ugrent care a couple times and the staff is always friendly. I really feel comfortable with Dr. Sloan and would recommend this urgent care to anyone that needs to be treated in a timely manner or after doctor office hours.
Bright uncomfortable sitting area. We get it, it's a happy place : -). The wait is horrible on the weekends. The food is excellent though.
I was assured this one was so much better than the other one I went to.  Boy, were they wrong.  The same bland Mexican food and salsa still tasted like a can of tomato paste.
The atmosphere is cute, and overall a good location. I went here a couple days ago and ordered the cod with fries. The pricing seemed competitive, however, the food didn't wow me. It was alright though.
Simple and plain don't waste your time or money...
Yum yum yum yum. One of the best if not the best smoked meat sammich in the city. Open late, nice service, and a gorgeous restaurant all contribute to the 5-star rating.
It's cathartic to give this sorry organization 1 star.\n\nNote: this is a review of the baseball club, not the stadium in which they play
Great place to get a cut. The gentlemen here are actual barbers with skill. This is an actual barber shop, not a place for hoodlums to hang out it. Great job guys!
great food, great place, awesome people. Sometime they out of their food...overall, one of my favorite place
The thai food here is pretty good. I have always ordered take out so I cannot comment on the service, however, i have never had to wait and the people there are very nice. The red curry is yummy!
I've been shopping here since they opened & love it more & more each time I go! Great finds, reasonable prices, & friendly staff. The staff & owner know me by name & my fashion sense & the shop is decorated so cute. Cute clothes! Gotta check it out!
Good food, good service, but way overpriced for what you get.
Best Thai Food Ever....
Nice find for breakfast on my way back to Phoenix from Flagstaff! Very comfortable, \"eggcelent\" service and good food as well! I will definitely return when back in the area!
We went to Roy's on a recent trip to Vegas.  I guess we were expecting the quality of the Roy's on Oahu.   Really, for how slow the restaurant was, I expected better.  Maybe we'll have better luck next time.   I do have to admit that the calamari was great but everything else was so so.
Wally's is an upscale pub with a price tag to match but the menu is carefully thought out, well prepared and (usually) served with a smile.
U need free auto vacumes! Over all I like how I dont have some jerk standing at the automated cash machine trying for the up sell.
Overpriced.... Not very flavorful ... Expensive drinks not a lot of alcohol... Iffy service... Only redeeming factor was location... Go somewhere else!
Hard to say a bad thing about this place. Bar tending is primo. Customer service... Spot on. The food is the best in Old Town. \n\nAmongst all the glory hole places on \"the strip\"  in Old town, you cannot go wrong with The Boss.
Nice coffee shop but terrible lighting for studying unless you're sitting by the windows during the day.  If you're more in the mood to chill, talk or play a board game with friends you'll probably enjoy the atmosphere.  Oh, and the espresso is pretty decent too.
Came here for a kolachi but only the northern location has them. Oh well. But still enjoyed the maple bacon donut and the sprinkle donut. Not good for the diet but good for the soul. The lady behind counter was super sweet and nice. Really liked the friendly atmosphere.
Looooong wait. Told us 15 minutes and we left after waiting 45 minutes. Clean it up Oregano's.
Loved the Peartini. The calamari is good but the shrimp bruschetta was jut OK. The bartender Sean was very friendly and helpful in recommending different beers.
Visiting from southern CA and made a great choice from Yelp's review. The service was great and the quality of fish was great. Just know it's BYOB.
I was expecting this place to be bomb.... instead i got a sandwich that i could have just made at home for a quarter of the price.
I was hoping this exhibit would be better. I enjoyed it, but people hyped it up too much I think. I maybe would've liked more explanation. A lot of the time I felt like I was looking at the same exact thing over and over again.
Horrible.  Never before have I been charged $6 for the olives in my martini.  If I'm already paying $21 for a martini the olives should be included. Overpriced mediocre food. Go somewhere else for seafood. 'Nuff said.
Their menus are fun.\nBut I guess they aren't that fun.\nUhhh...where's my pizza?
Great gyro and fries! My buddy came along and got the hot dog and apparently it was amazing. Nice little atmosphere with TVs, Feel like it's a great place for a quick bite that's not too expensive.
Clean, cheap, friendly, and yummy.
Love the food and the service.  I highly recommend if you are looking for a unique, healthy and flavorful alternative.
Easy review...  The f-bomb with chicken was awesomely tasty!  Perfect place for lunch!  Fast and friendly service.  I ordered the pita the other two in my group ordered platters and we all walked away satisfied.
This place is just ok. My wife and I went there and both got beef brisket sandwiches and they were not that good. The bread was hard and the meat was dry. I got Mac and cheese on the side and it was good but hardly any reason to go there. It was way overpriced for the food quality.
Very friendly & helpful staff, they carry specialty dog food at great prices. Love coming here for my fur kids! They also offer low cost vaccine clinics on saturdays
Avocado roll is de-lish.  Pad-thai is okay.  Tofu is inedible.\n\nOne of the few places that delivers.  Sushi seems like the only thing worth ordering.
Good food, excellent service. Although due to this it's very popular so queuing should be expected, but make sure you do or book ahead ... It's worth the wait!
This place ROX ! The ramen was so good and flavorful but sometimes the ramen comes lukewarm. Maybe because there are too many people sometimes ?
This has been a great experience for my kids. Sean and his staff are amazing. Can't say enough about his teaching and ability to relate to younger kids.
I have tried a few different pizza's here and recently Chad M suggested I try the meatballs and jalapeno. Seriously good! The secret to this place is to have a few toppings  instead of loaded to the hilt.  If you are not into customizing your 'Za than try the Brooklyn -  it's a favorite.
This facility has an abundance of reading materials.  There is a very good selection of CD's.  You will also find a decent selection of movies.  The wireless connectivity is pretty good.
Horrible parking. If you need to have breakfast? Plan to wait for a long time.
Love UO for:\n\nRetro items\nClothes\nFurniture\nCool books\nLocations
I'm from Cali and I'm just visiting so I heard that this was kind of a big deal place to go to. So I tried it out with some friend! Omg I was in heaven!! It was soooo good! Definitely must try!
I was very unimpressed and disappointed with this Cirque show. I've O, KA, Mystere, and Viva Elvis and I enjoyed all of those more than this show. Never again!
Coffee is ok\nExpensive for self service and very little sit down space. I can not really hang out here and only get coffee to go. Honestly, I am just as happy with Shell coffee for $1 as with this place
Hair in my salad. No refills. Didn't ask how my food was or how my steak was cooked. Unpleasant waitress. Need I say more?
We did return and the pizza was even greasier than the first time. It took 3 paper towels to blot up all the grease. It was just too much. We will not be going back again.
I love this place! Great talent, friendly staff and always a good haircut! Cass has been cutting my hair for a year and she's fantastic! Highly recommended for men's cuts :)
Went to Point Brugge recently for lunch and had an excellent meal. Mussels were good with reasonable prices, service was fast and efficient. There are certainly better mussel places in cities closer to oceans, but Point Brugge was quite nice nevertheless. Would make an excellent goto place for business lunches.
I hosted my parents 50th wedding anniversary celebration at this club.\nThe event was a tremendous success thanks to the kind and attentive service of Helga, Karen and their staff. The food is good and the  enviroment is charming. this is a lovely alternative to a commercial event space.
Second attempt, same result. Terrible service. Pathetic, cold, bland tacos for $3 each. Ran out of glasses and silverware. Air conditioning blasting directly on our table when it was only 75 degrees outside. So many better options nearby.
This place made both my sister and me sick.  We will not be going back.
One great bar! They always pour them strong and quick, always a plus. Great place to hang with a few friends. Come for the booze stay for the free darts and local flavor
Service was very slow and bordered on surly.  Plenty of other options in Vegas - take them.
This is a 5 star, not 3. People are inpatient and lame. Everything is bomb! Lobster won tons were...bomb! Udon was...bomb! Tempura sweet potato was...bomb!!!!
This place had great food with great prices.  The alligator bites is a must, and the french onion is one of the best i have had.
These guys have always taken good care of my car.  I've been coming to them for 3 years, and only one time did they miss something.  Their prices aren't bad either.  They usually have specials during the week when it's slow.
Great place to visit. I love the chocolate chip cookies and the  eclectic decor.
Love my Dim Sum ! Have tried dim sum in LA, San Francisco, Seattle, Vancouver, NYC, Atlanta, Maryland, Minnesota, Orlando and Toronto. Definitely go on weekends. more so on Saturday when its freshest ! Enjoyed all the dumplings.
Terrible. Meat. Terrible.\n\nTerrible. Dressing. Terrible.\n\nCorporate Garbage that Sand Paper Palette Eating People really like. \n\nNEVER AGAIN!
Work near this salon and treated myself to a manicure,  What a treat.  Not only do my nails look great but the staff was wonderful.  I relaxed, we chatted and I walked out with beautiful nails that are lasting a lot longer than I expected. \nI will be treating myself again very soon!
Meh........ too expensive \n\nwasnt the best or worst buffet but i really wouldnt do it again
....my hair looks fine, but I swear to God the young lady cutting it was intentionally jabbing me with the sheers.
The Ultimate New York Cheese Steak Baked Sub Sandwich is to DIE for. Like, seriously. It's a bit pricey ($10) and delivery takes a long time sometimes (1hr+), but soooo worth it.
So, I ate there on Wednesday and it is now Friday.  I have not had solid food or been able to keep anything down since I went there.  In an area that has so many great places don't go there.  Keep driving east on Camelback and hit one of the many other restaurants on that street.
John was fantastic! I called from California to have a balloon bouquet delivered to a casino for my granddaughter's 21st birthday. He was so helpful and friendly that I knew I had the perfect person to fulfill this birthday request. Yay!
Love going there never had a bad meal yet.  Go at least twice a month.
Slowest car wash ever! Over 50 minutes for a basic car wash in the middle of a weekday..
Nice Guys, \n\nThe Breakfast egg burrito was A-Ok.  Try the verde salsa, unique.  Just a note: the prices even for dinner are all under $8.  Seem to me to be a decent value.
I had the art's unfried chicken, it was very delicious. Also tasted seasonal chicken and kale soup. Great food, friendly environment.
I've been here about 5 times and overall I think this place has ok food and the prices are a bit high for the food you get
Exceptional service and food.  Most dishes showcase local specialities and seasonal ingrediants.  A must try for anyone living in this part of the country.
This is my brothers favorite pizza place. Make sure you know what kind of pizza you like before you order. I it's crispy which I love but others hate.
I was a little disappointed with both the service and the food.  The food was not even warm when it was served.  It was greasy on top of that.  Coffee was good though.
Sevice... what service? Got to the \"wait to be seated\" sign and without anyone in front of us waited 10 minutes. We called someone and got seated. Nobody showed up for the next 10 minutes although they were not busy.  Got up and left.... unnoticed!
I like this place bc they are fast and less crowded and broth is not bad. I only gave them 3 stars bc the pho ga (chicken pho) is good not great and ginger sauce is okay, and eggroll filling is mushy not firm.
So delish! Every doughnut I have had has been absolutely amazing! My favorite is the chocolate glaze or the cinnamon cake
Their service is great but the food will make you ill! I tried different things to see if maybe it was just the popcorn chicken that made me sick, but everything gave me terrible stomach pain for over a day. Do NOT eat here!
Horrible service. Would not recommend.  You do not get the service for the price you pay. Also the food the mediocre.
Wife and I stopped in on our way back from Mineral Point for brunch.  The breakfast tacos (black bean and chorizo) were delicious and so were her farm fresh organic eggs and ham!
I have been to cityscape many times. From the mardi gras to the ice skating in December. And I loved every moment of it. The city has done good building this was a great investment on there part, and I know this it can only get better from here.
Slow service but OK if you don't want to deal with a restaurant.  Ordered a wrap and it took forever...not enough help.  Another day, ordered a bowl of noodles.  Was much faster but paid almost $10 so not a bargain.
SO MUCH PRODUCT! The store is huge! \n\nI was able to find the 'sellout' Urban Decay shadow that doesn't seem to be in stock in any of the Michigan stores (#WIN) \n\nThat's all it takes for me!
Went for a concert, which was amazing. The  crazy expensive and totally disgusting cold food was unbelievable. There were not nearly enough tables for the kitchen to have a problem putting out hot food and the quality was shameful. I could find better selections at Costco.
Staff is friendly. Food is of course Subway. The only thing is its always busy. Expect to stand in line for a good long time. People just can't seem to make up their minds while they stare at all the veggies. Lol
The wait is horrible. Place is full of open tables and we have to wait 45 mins. Bellagio - get some more waiters to take care of your customers! My advice would be not to come here or the casino/hotel itself because this place is not worth the time.
Dr. Cohen is a fantastic Doctor who I'd highly recommend!! Checked my eyes and my contacts and made slight corrections to my contacts and I was on my way.
This is a French restaurant that is confused and thinks that it's Italian. Food is not worth the money...or any money for that matter...\nService wasn't good either.
What I liked about this place was that it looks like you have landed on Mars. Just check out some of the rock formations outside. What I do not like about this place is that it is in Arizona. Enough said.
So after my negative review, I was offered a chance by the restaurant to come and re-try their food.  I responded via email to the manager, never heard back... Way to add salt to the wound!
If I would rather repeatedly shoot myself in the junk with frozen paintball pellets than go to a certain bar, then you know it must have a lot going for it.
I came back last night...they still have the same rude and hostile female employee...so I went next door and spent my money at the other sandwich shop...
This place is ok. I love the curbside food pick-up option. This is great when you are on your way home from work and don't want to cook. Unfortunately the food is not consistent in quality.
Things have changed at this location, I usually enjoy shrimp , crab and calamari and they had none of that. I will not visit this location again when visiting Scottsdale like we usually do.
They got rid of the maui sandwich which was excellent.  The crab bisque was basically soup with very little crab sprinkled on top.  Fish tacos lacked flavor.  They forgot the side I ordered, put the order in late, brought it at the end of the meal, and charged it to us.
Uhu...it just doesnt stand out
Hamburger so so, onion rings burnt
This  place is clean compared to other places I've gotten a pedicure. Staff is very friendly and offered me a. Bottled water upon arrival. Not the best massage but overall was satisfied.
I just want to emphasize the great service I always receive at Zio. The food is also well prepared and a good value. Tuesday is half priced bottles of wine.
Very good Mexican food, wonderful atmosphere.  Always happy to find a great place to eat Mexican food when I am out of San Diego.  We went here on Mother's Day and all the moms got 'Hot Tamales' candy.  There is a big parking lot and we had no trouble finding a spot in the lot.
Was in Pitt for a hockey tournament, and the Doubletree recommended Eggs R Us for breakfast.  It is an excellent diner.  We had breakfast here both days and loved.  One of our players ate the breakfast burrito. He said they are huge and delicious.  Great service as we'll
Webster orthodontics is a beautiful and welcoming office.  Dr. Webster is a perfectionist and a trustworthy man.  I would recommend this office to anyone!
Okay food. \nBeans are sometimes old with a little crustiness.\n75% of the time the people have an attitude taking orders... so they get $0 tip most the time.
Best Burgers in CU.  Everything else on their eclectic menus also pretty rocks the most.  That will be all.
The best sandwich place! I love their sandwich! Always fresh and customer service are excellent. I don't have to wait forever for my order!
Impressive selection of local beers and some delicacies. You'll always find something new to taste here. A weekly stop for me :)
Been going here for 4 years.. Going downhill fast.  Poor service, dirty and food quality has gone way down.  Stopped in today.  Bathrooms were dirty,  service was slow and food was not what it used to be.  The \"new\" items on the menu were \"new\" 4 years ago.
The best burger I ever ate. The potatoes are very tasty tb. The place is very crowded and sometimes it's tricky to find a place, but worth it! If you let go of the In-N-Out Burgerto go at McDonalds will be losing ...
It wasn't horrible, so it doesn't get one star, but there's nothing notable about the cuisine either. I had the chicken combo,my wife had the cod. Neither of us felt there was anything special. It's fish and potatoes, fried. No more, no less.
Great pizza and wings !! get delivery from here at least 3 times a month definitely recommend it
Left my wallet on the gas pump, called and got the owner ASAP.  He gave me the number to the station. I called and they went and grabbed my wallet and waited for me. \n\nStaff was kind and helpful.    \n\n\nThanks again guys
Getting my order took a long time. I think there was only one cook. A lot of people were waiting for their orders. The girls, working the register, looked unhappy. I come here about twice a month. Good food. I'll come again.
I have to give a big shout out to Tracy and Rip.  They helped me get financed and find the perfect car for me.  I love my new car.  Thank you, thank you, thank you to the wonderful team at Earnhardt Buick GMC!!!
Highlights:\n- Reasonably priced\n- Prime Rib\n- Crab legs\n- Shrimp cocktail\n\nLowlights:\n- Limited variety of dessert
Not Impressed!   Stopped in to order a Personal pan Pizza,  was told they were out of them.  So I ordered a small order of chicken wings.  It took over 30 minutes for me to get them & I had to ask.  After that long wait the wings were cold.    On a good note the staff was pleasant.
Favorite lunch spot in the whole Mt. Lebanon strip
Everything was absolutely delicious here. The prices were reasonable for the amount of food you get as well.\n\nLoved that they made meatloaf out of their brisket!
Not what I expected. Food was really dry and didn't have much seasoning. The best part about this buffet was the ice cream. Not worth the price!! The line wasn't too long for being a Saturday night.
This place has been closed for months.   Why doesn't Yelp take these restaurants down once they are closed?  It's such a waste of time.
Got some more hedgehog food :) I got my hedgehogs from here and now they are parents ;D lol
Absolutely outstanding service, atmosphere, drink specials, and food. The burgers are delicious, and it is hands down one of the best hidden gems on Walnut St.
I use to love this place. I am very disappointed with the service and new food changes. I use to love to get the pork ramen with the extra types of pork, the pork belly was my favorite and they have now gotten rid of that and the chicken karage. I really wished they didn't morph with the burger place.
Heather is very personable, experienced and a great bargain!  There is never a hassle with making appointments, she is on time, she is also fast at lash extensions- real fast!  You won't find anyone better in the West Valley for this price.
Nice coaster but to pricey for the ride!
I was thirsty and decided to get a drink.  McDonald's is the best place to get something cheap, especially when you're on the strip.
Really slammed. Waited but mgr comped meal. Really nice . Better luck next time!
I have dealt with many electricians before but never had this experience. They are so reasonable with the prices and the people are all so amazingly sweet and professional! I am truly in awe of how easy it felt to deal with an annoying house chore. Just recommended them to my mom!
Good happy hour prices. Nice beer selection. Staff was very nice. The place overall has a great mellow vibe. Great place to unwind downtown after work. Better than sitting in traffic. Check this place out.
Blueberry cream pie yummy my all time favorite and it reminds me of my mom, since she use to buy it for us for the holiday's. Go when they have their special's , I believe that they have their pie sale twice a year.  Happy yelping\n\n\nxoxox \nTerri
Not for everybody, but we enjoyed it. The sleek appetizer was really good. Entrees were fairly priced, decent sized, and really good. Service was fine.\n\nA great place for a casual meal with some different flavors.
The only criticism that I have is their ordering system. Very confusing but WORTH the frustration! The food was amazing! The al pastor is the best that I have had! Loved it!  Go NOW!!
Dino and the guys at scorpion have single handedly changed my opinion of off road shop. They are not only knowledgeable and friendly, but there is literally nothing they can't do. From bolt on to complete custom this is the place you should be coming. Ha coming
Food and service was fantastic! Sweet potato fries with bacon cinnamon sauce is heaven! We had a party of 6 and the Bill came with each persons order seperated...yet all on 1 Bill!!! Loved it
Absolutely love this place!  French bistro food at a reasonable price - gratis dessert and croissants.  Simple, casually elegant, a little noisy - and by all means yummy.  Its really hard to not like the offerings.   \n\nThis gets 5 stars for filling a really awesome niche in Central Phoenix.
Best French toast in town!!
Tyler Custom Designs was amazing! My wedding turned out so beautiful. Karen and her staff were so easy to work with and prices were very reasonable. I couldnt do it without her. I will defintley be using her for my next event!!
I got my new born shoot done last week and the photos come out fabulous :) I'm very happy to share them with others !!Sheena was awesome , she is very nice and patient . I'm looking forward to having her to do our family session in spring . Highly recommend her for your next photo session .
The food was good.  It was busy and service was slow because of that, but it was okay.  The chips are good (mas amigos).  I had a supreme quesadilla and it was good.
Really great food, more American with a Moroccan twist than the other way around. The cinnamon sugar sweet potato fries are a must, and the fez burger was awesome. The vibe was modern but laid back. Our server was so-so but the other ones looked like they had their stuff together.
This is the first time I have been compelled to review an airport but after reading in a clearly biased US Airways magazine that this airport won a best airport award. I couldn't help myself. This is the worst airport layout ever. Basically, it is the Pontiac Aztec of airports.
For the hungry!  Big buffet.  Some great experiments like cabbage and spaetzle.  Attentive staff.  Lost a star for atmosphere (missing) and substandard desserts (whipped sugar in many forms).
The store itself is great.  The Pharmacy on the other hand is terrible.  They have the worst customer service.  Don't try to call and ask a question.  You'll be put on hold for a VERY long time.  Sometimes they just pick the phone up and place it directly on hold without acknowledging you.  I'm switching.
Bad food and bad service.  Been here twice since the reopening and likely wont be back.  +1 star for the TVs.
Horrible long waits for take out.  Poor service & organization.  Gave them three chances.  They blew it long ago.
The two women at the counter spoke to each other in Spanish the whole time I was in there.  The sandwich was okay.  Parking lot sucks to get out of though.
Best place to eat in Vegas! We come here every time were in Vegas. Reasonably priced and worth the money!
Good flavors! but there is something missing...something I can't define. But it is a good taste still and good price.
Not impressed.  Convenient location.  Decent food.  Salad was good.  How hard can it be to make a black and tan that is black....  and tan?
I came here on a recommendation from a friend. \n\nThe place is clean, staff is very friendly.\n\nI guess i expected more.\n\nThe sandwich was ok. Nothing to write home about. \n\nSorry but I like Capriotti's much better...
I like this place for take out because the price is right and I get to pick up a little bit of everything. Without the cost of drinks, tips and such, we get a good deal.
First off,I feel I am friendly and easy to get along with, but this was the worst \"bartending experience\" I have ever encountered! [It was Thanksgiving Eve 6:15 in case the owner/manager might read this]. Either I was 1] not a regular or 2]a bother. NEVER again!
A real hole in the wall place but that adds to the charm. BBQ burrito is amazing and the service is always great. There is no better place for Mexican in charlotte
Two words: food poisoning.
Man vs Food!!!!!!!!! Huge portions
Must try the guacamole...and their pulled pork dishes are phenomenal!! I have yet to eat anything bad from here. Very authentic and very good. They make the guacamole fresh right in front of you.
My first Pho since relocating from Oregon. Pho Van seems like an typical pho restaurant. The service was nice but erratic, the salad rolls were just average and the grilled pork vermicelli pretty good.\nOverall, it was good, but I am sure that there are better place out there.
I wanted to be the 2000th review.  Love this hotel. Upgrade to view of Belliago fountains :)
They have a large selection with a variety of types of furnishings....BUTT, their prices were ridiculous. Nit to mention the two teams two times I have been there not one sales person offered to help me
Pretty cookie cutter when it comes to serve yourself yogurt places. But the flavors offered rotate and the toppings are fresh. \n\nGotta try the cookie dough when they have it!  And 1 time was there was a German chocolate cake flavor. Mmmmm! So good.
Beware: inspect your furniture VERY carefully.  Poor stitching on a seam on 5 month old leather loveseat is causing hole in leather.  No warranty covers.  Don't bother buying extra warranty - doesn't help with much of anything.  Look at all your shipping options before spending money here.
This is the best restaurant in Vegas.  The food is amazing and the service is perfect.  I especially like the shrimp tempura on the appetizer menu and the funky roll (soft-shell crab).
Walked right in and got rescued from an over-grown out of date hair style transformed into a contemporary easy to manage hair style from Danni.
I use this place every time I need a car wash. It is quick and the guys working are always nice and helpful. I was able (can't quite remember when last year) to spend $20 on a gift card and receive an additional $20. Pretty awesome! It is a great place to get a basic car wash!
Won't be coming back.   The food was only mediocre and the service was bad.
Convenient to were I work. Always friendly and polite. Sometimes too friendly when the regular customers come in, but they seem to get the job done.
Fancy atmosphere but the food is not all that great. Good? Yeah.\nSpecial?  Not really.  \nTrendy?  You bet. \nTamari  is Overhyped in my opinion, it highlights all the \"sexy\"food trends but doesn't really make a niche for itself
The menu is huge and there is something for everyone. They serve breakfast all day and the food is always great.
LOVED my experience here!\n\nYolanda did my friend's makeup for edc and it came out GORGEOUS.\n\nThe quality of the shadows is great and extremely reasonably priced.\n\nDo come in and check it out
can't stand provigo I find it to expensive. compared to maxi anyway
This is a pretty decent restaurant with average-tasting food. This place is considered \"pretty good\" for a Vegas Chinese restaurant.
Employees are great! The Pharmacy is incompetent. We always call before to see if our RX is in because we know how retarded they are and we STILL have issues when we get there. The only reason we go is so we can use our frys card and get gas points which is a plus.
Used them for the second time today. I know most of the reviews are bad but once again had a good experience.  Driver was earlier than expected car was clean driver was pleasant.
Had brunch on 9/2.\nI ordered pasta, I think it was a bit too salty. My husband ordered steak and egg. Not bad for the price. The server was really nice and helpful.
For a company that puts so much  effort into sourcing sustainable and ethical food sources, they might want to put the same effort into management. The dour, taller, older man seems to manage by intimidation rather than leadership. Food was terrific as always, it's Chipotle after all
Love love love their tomato soup and usually - everything else I order as well.\nThe new Spinach Power salad was just OK - weird dressing in my opinion. But this branch is as nice as the other ones, and the service was great.
The prices are great, but the wait is miserable. Don't think I've ever been here and not waited over 45 minutes. How about some more employees?
For a place specializing in burgers, their burgers are really unimpressive. They are not bad by any means. Just boring. The outside seating is a plus though.
I am just happy I didn't get food poisoning this time!!!
Didn't care for the blackened prime rib benny.  The meat was diced & the red peppers made it sour :(
Great food, wonderful service, & really good prices. I love this place!
We love to enjoy the \"feast for two\" and try an array of freshly prepared, delicious dishes. The lamb is marvelous as is the fresh pita.
Great crew at grave yard shift! The rest are ok they get a 4 star.
Would have liked to have tasted food.  But after 10 minutes in our booth with no service , we left.  Lots of staff standing around looking bored.
Had a couple shredded beef tacos from this Robertos for lunch and the beef didn't have any of the normal flavoring.  Service was good, but food needs a little work to be as good as some of the other Robertos in town.
Amazing mani and pedi! Super friendly service! They really go above and beyond and pay close attention to detail. I HIGHLY recommend! You will not be disappointed!
I know this place is popular, due to the fact they are usually busy, and you MUST have an appointment! BUT, I find it to be just mediocre. Not impressed.
Horrible customer service. I was literally hung up on while trying to get pricing for my clients. Avoid this printer at all costs. They do not understand customer service, I am extremely angry and offended.
its cool place but management and rooms service is realy sucks .its under new managment  and even they didnt put coffee maker ( which it was there) before  and I ask for lotions they didnt have it in bathroom .I will never go back in this hotel.
Found this restaurant on a food network app. I got the four taco combo meal. All four tacos I had were completely different. For a great price for flavor, I would check this place out.
Great spot to meet up and catch a quick drink. We stopped at Parasol Up for a couple cocktails before heading out to dinner. I think the views from Parasol Down would probably merit 5 stars, but the atmosphere at Up is still pretty cool, it's in the Wynn after all!
Disappointing.  Waited in line for less than avg. Burger.  Only thing awesome about this joint is their custard hybrid milk shakes.
I've always appreciated Filiberto's for a late night taco or burrito, but this location delivers exceptional quality. Also just tried their fajitas and I'm surprised to say they are the best I've ever had... And half the price most Mexican sit down restaurants!
Great trivia host. Good karaoke. Typical bar food.
Will be another club in a month or so, bad club, bad music, watered down overpriced drinks.
Delicious food! Service was incredible, well orchestrated and very friendly. Our server was incredible and had great recommendations about the food and drink selection. The patio is really nice and a great place to people watch while having an incredible dinning experience.
100x better than anything In n Out could shit out into a wrapper and try to pass off as food.\n\nSo glad these guys finally opened up here... now if only they could get a location going closer to my house...
Love the half price wine night! Goes well with the BBQ chicken pizza.
I thought it was very good. I got the Chicken Cordon Bleu sandwich and it had great flavor and texture. Also, the soup of the day was Tomato Bisque, also delicious.\n\nThe only complaint I had was that the chicken on the sandwich was a little burned on the edges.
They're open on Sunday now.  Huge plus in my book.  Yay!
Have used them 5 times. Great incentives, and after one issue the owner of the company himself came to fix the issue. \n\nGreat local business, definitely recommend.
Always receive top notch service when I go. I go once a week for an appetizer and cocktail, and I recommend this location to fans of the Yard House.
It's ok pho. Not much ingredients and broth pretty plain but overall ok. Service not good, won't even separate our tab.
Good sandwich, but not 4.5 star good. The full Montague is good but nothing spectacular. Considering the price, size of the sandwich, the out of the way location, and the hype, it was disappointing. I guess I've been spoiled by Ike's in SF and Bay Cities in LA.
No snow crab in lunch, everything is bad. No worth for the holiday price $30+ per person.
AMAZING SHOW! Second time I've seen it. The first time game me a slight headache, but still... It's an amazing experience.
Sushi was pretty good although overpriced. Atmosphere was nice,  comfortable booths. Waitress was a little snooty but got the job done. All in all, don't know if it's worth the price.
The staff was very nice! And the food was delicious! Yum! I ordered the jade red chicken and a chicken quesadilla with chicken fried rice and it was definitely the best quesadilla in town!
We thought we would give this place a try since we bought the Groupon.  After hearing how the owner was a Michelin-Star recipient.  But he did not live up that at all.  The food was over priced and the burger was very dry.  We will never go back!!!
Amazing.  Hands down. \n\nHits: every food item, tight knit family joint, personable service\n\nMisses: Upcharge for extra chips \n\nHints: go with the house margarita.  It's cheap and tasty.
Food was very salty. I think I'm bout to have a heart attack. God took too long to come out and half our order was forgotten. Anyhoo I was so hungry I ignored the salty food and scarfed it down. There seasonal fruit contained 3 canned pineapples and 2 canned grapes.
Delicious clean \nbest first fish burrito I ever taste\nBut I think its a pricey
We did a google search to find an italian restaurant near my mother's house.  What a find!!!  The service was AMAZING!!!  the staff so friendly and helpful.  The food was amazing and filling.  Prices were great too.  Definitely will revisit and recommend to friends!!!
Food is always good, I would highly recommend this place.
outstanding hotel. we had a really amazing suite...the bathroom was the size of a small apartment and you can do laps in the bath. vegas is already a great time in itself, but staying here made it that much better. especially when you've been up for 2 days and you really need an extra comfy bed to collapse in.
If you eat-in it is amazing here! Easily 4 or 5 stars. But when you order delivery the food and service get lousy! So spare yourself the heartache and disappointment and eat in!
Wicked Spoon does not compare to Paris, Bellagio, Wynn, or Studio B buffets.  Even the buffet at Riveria hotel is better. $40 per person you get a terrible selection, salty food, and no champagne. Now I know why there was no line.
Been here a couple times and it continues to satisfy me. If the portions were a little bigger, it would be more of a common place to go to.
Food is tasty.  Come prepared to wait.  Not a quick eat and get out....our waitress, Laura, was very good....friendly and attentive.  I enjoyed my meal...Guinness stew...the soda bread is delish!
The highlight of our dinner was the beef ribs, prime rib and gelato. service was good but I couldnt reccomend this to family or friends visiting unless its comp.
The burger and beer reputation this place has lived up to the hype.  One of the best burgers I've ever had and discovered dogfishhead hellhound double ipa that I've never heard of.
Mixologists extraordinaire.   The bartenders here like their craft and like to surprise you (pleasantly) if you're in the mood for something.   Very friendly and relaxing and a cool crowd as hotel lobby bars go.
Most spicy food we ever try. But everything was tasty and delicious. Especially chimichanga with machaca and shrimps as well.
Go Daddy obviously doesn't support the web. They supported SOPA & PIPA. Also the web hosting service on this service isn't good. Just don't go for this host even for domain registration. There are so many other options.
This was pretty awful for $25. the food really did taste like it had been sitting there for hours. I stayed away from the seafood, my co-worker looked unpleased, but thankfully wasn't too miserable later on.
Nice place, sushi had a bland taste.
This was my second time here and I enjoyed the food, but spending $28.00 on a plate of Mexican food just doesn't sit right with me.  Bario Cafe just down the street, while also expensive, does a better job.  I don't think I will be back anytime soon.
Cabo is always on my mind whenever I crave a fish taco or one of their huge burritos.  Service is about as good as you should expect from a pretty popular locale and the beer selection is fantastic.  If the weather is good, try to get a patio table and people watch!
The pizza was excellent. We came here looking for a nice outdoor eating experience and enjoyed their pretty courtyard. We'll certainly be back for the pizza.
meh it's ok, it's pricey for what you get! was cool to try but I'm not in a hurry to eat there again
Way too expensive. \n\nThe food was great but wow was it overpriced. $44 for a pitcher of sangria! There's just way too much good food in Vegas to spend lots of money and leave hungry. Won't be coming back.
When we bought our new home, we had Heaven's Best come out and give the carpets the once over. What a difference. After we've been in a while, I'll call them again and have them come out, and so should you.
If you are on a budget and expect quality food for quality prices.... Run! Too expensive to enjoy. Travel to Los Angeles, stay in a cheap hotel and enjoy the best sushi one can afford without having a corporate account to pay for it. Pleasant atmosphere great for a one-upper in Vegas.
This place is over priced and the flavor of the tea is sugar syrup with no real fruit!\n\n#1 Boba is better. \n\n****************OVER PRICED***************
Nice place, pho is delicious and always consistent. Had the #76 udon pork and shrimp,  would have liked more pork but the serving size made up for it. Overall recommend. The friend was above average.
If I could give this craphole 0 stars I would. Placed a delivery order 2.5 hours ago... Called twice to check the status and the Asians just pick up the phone and put it down and never pick it back up again!
Wow.  Came in the restaurant at 8:45 pm on a Saturday night to be told we would not be served because they close at 9 pm.  \nI'm never coming back!
Friendly staff, clean restrooms, standard cafe decor.\nthe menu for this place is very diverse. \nDon't expect world class cuisine from a cafe, and you won't be let down.\nFor what it is,it's fantastic.
FEZ never disappoints. Consistently delicious food/drinks and fast, attentive service.  Love their hummus, black bean burger, and any of their salads topped with salmon.
Great little spot and delicious Arizona Mules! :)  There is also a back room that has skeeball and shuffleboard.  It's fun to play against new friends and the loser gets to buy a round of shots!
I've had this place once in Cali, and I remember it being ALOT better! Good enough as to which is why I wanted to get it again in Vegas.  But ehh. Not sure if it was just this location.
Mandalay Bay has topnotch staff, and the facilities were awesome. Mandalay Bay also has a pool area which has salt water and has a lazy river and wave machine.  It was pretty sweet.
Be careful  my wife had her purse stollen at the park. The kid ran to the walking trail to the apartments. The security at the park   Found her ID & after dumpster diving  I got  her purse back.  lost debit card & her gps.
Not worth the $$$, way to expensive. Food was eh.
Nothing really stands out to me about this place and the drinks are over priced. I came here on a Friday night once when they were having some sort of beer pong night and we were quite bored out of our minds, the place was near EMPTY, the music was mediocre as was the service as well.
Dr.spellman is great. I felt no pain during a filing and felt very comfortable. I'm not a fan of dentists, but he made me feel comfortable.
This sandwich shop was not what I was expecting. Although it was a quality sandwich with a great taste, the price was too much. The portions were so small for a sandwich so expensive. The great taste is overruled by the ridiculous price of a sandwich.
Shrimp tacos are amazing!!!!! Also love the fish tacos. I wish they had them everyday. You can't go wrong with their salad. Delicious guacamole.
From reading all of the positive reviews I wonder where all the wonderful service happened to be when I came in. Respect and Courtesy wasn't their strong suit on this beautiful Saturday.
Food was better when they first opened.  But since then, food has been going downhill. But I do love the wine. My parents always go here when they're in town because we live like 5 minutes away. Love the differant salads and there is always something for everyone. U always have to save room for dessert though.
YUM!!!  My partner and I enjoyed dinner with our family here last night and it was DElicous with lot's of comfort food options, great friendly service and a cool Scottsdaleish vibe.  We will go again!
Another nice hotel/casino, with great food choices and nice decor.
interesting chocolate fountain, though it's not as big as I expected it to be, guess my friends hyped my expectations of this place. In general, I like the decor here. \n\ndesserts are nice but definitely overpriced.
i went to true aveda today and i absolutely love my hair cut. kayla did a wonderful job. i had a hard time articulating what i had in mind but she did it exactly how i wanted. i had been here a couple times before, and i have never been disappointed.
We loved the food!!! The service was not up to the standards that we expected from a \"Marc's Restaurant\". Food 5 stars and service 1. Not sure we will go back!
Great sandwiches and fresh juice drinks
Luxurious atmosphere, however breakfast choices are limited and service not great.   Would benefit from having daily menu specials...
Good Mexican place\nSuper nachos are good.\nI have great memories of coming here at 3am schwasted and if you asked me then I would have given it 5 stars.
Went to this buffet to see if it taste different from the one on Baseline and it does. The other one on Baseline is way better,more clean, and better customer service.
The fish was fresh enough but the spicy crab roll was all heat.  Gyoza seemed overdone and the edamame was bland.  Service was good if you don't count the servers standing around the teppanyaki table chatting away.
Can not compare to Archi's.  The wor wanton was very bad, do not recommend at all, but the mangolian chicken wouldnt have been bad if i wasnt use to eating it from Archi's. I only went there due to it being close to my house
Another dive.\n\nI don't remember anything standing out about this place.  Just a dive.\nHad a draft and moved on.
Ran up on this little place last night. The decor and the smell of delicious food was awesome. Big portions and decent pricing. Def coming back
Love the soft pretzels! Service can be so so at times. however like many of my fav spots its really close to home and i love the decor and its a just a chill spot to get some drinks and have some pretty good bar food. and its open 24/7 for those really really late nights! LOL
I have been here several times now and have enjoyed all my experiences. I have had most everything on the menu and enjoyed it but I cant wait for the menu to expand. Rumor has it that a full breakfast menu is around the corner.
the quality of and consistency of the food at the location is on par with other locations we've dined at.  my favorite location is still the anaheim location for it's decor and service. overall a good dining experience.
These are the biggest room yet. And looking over the pool and golf course is great. The Sunday brunch can not be beat.
Disappointing.  The bbq pork was off.  Veggies for the soup - no so fresh.  1st miss in a number of visits.
Sahara is good place to hold your personal belongings, shower, sleep, brush your teeth, and take a deuce. That's it!
Awful service and extremely slow. Go elsewhere.
I've been here on a number of occasions to see bands and I really like it. I've also heard that the club nights are very good.\n\nIt's a bit like a cave, would make a good Goth club!
So good during a rush they are so sweet N super fast! Good Chinese neighborhood restaurant !
I went here based on a recommendation from a friend. I had the bacon and blue burger with fries. The pretzel bun was very good. The burger was average, but the other burgers on the menu sounded good, too. I will go back to try the others.
The owner guy is a miserable grump and he carries a gun on his hip to protect his overpriced products. He needs to lose the gun and find a personality.
Not sure we went to the pub. i'm pretty sure we were directed to the Club part of this establishment. \nThere was a mix of tourists, hoochie girls, really sloppy and drunk frat boys. \nNot horrible but not really my scene. The bartenders were nice though
Excellent place to buy meat, fish and fowl. Like there BBQ area, they make the best Kobe Burger for the price! You can buy the raw Kobe burgers in the store and make your own, the Sashimi is better than most high dollar restaurants. Overall the store is high end but well worth the price.
Delicious red velvet cupcake with chocolate ganache in the center- exactly what I was craving! Amazing icing and moist cake! Really nice server as well :)
Just moved back to Phoenix and decided to check this place out. Peter cut my hair and did an excellent job. I also got a neck shave followed by a surprise neck and head massage. Total came out to $21 bucks, which I thought was a great deal. I'll be back to see Peter again.
Had to get surgical staples after a nice piece of glass from a shot glass, which was dropped on the ground, ricocheted and sliced open my leg. Forget that though, I would have given the establishment this rating anyway, even despite my little experience.
couldn't give it 5 stars because the steak, our $9 per oz steak, was so not good. later i realized i should have had it sent back. luckily, everything else was great so they still get 4 stars. just stay away from the steak and you should enjoy your meal.
Pretty expensive, but worth it. You can also order directly online in case you can't get to a store and need some Gator Jerky!
fairly decent italian restaurant.  food itself good, but not sure if it's good enough to justify their prices.  wild mushroom pizza was interesting.  cozy yet boring decore.
Need a little spice in your life then come here!!!! Yummoo to spicy Mexican food!!! This place is very good!!! We love it!  My favourites are the Adovoda burrito and green chili stew! You can't go wrong with this place!
Not a great selection of beer for a place called a \"Draught Emporium\".  Also the food was less than mediocre and they were out both chicken tenders and pizza when we were there.  There are a lot of much better places to get craft beer and bar food in Charlotte.
boba tea = good\n\nfood = baaaaddd\n\nhad a pork sandwich and a bbq beef sandwich...both looked nothing like the picture and tasted GROSS...never again!
This show is kind of boring. Nothing compared to some of the other ones. Let me just say very expensive nap :(
You get what you pay for. Great location but awful rooms! Smelly, dirty and very small. Elevators kept getting stuck. Room service was actually not that bad...asked for extra towels and blankets, got them right away. Overall those rooms have to get worked on badly.
It's hard for me to rate a movie theater below three stars because you kinda know what you're getting into when you go there. This place is an exception. The seats creak loudly. While this may serve to make a horror movie extra scary, for all other movies it will just make you annoyed as hell.
Don't waste your time here. We waked out after the aggressive \"jerk\" sales guy refused to offer us more info on the bed we were interested in. Hungry commission driven focused on the sale not the customer. He even shouted out 1/2 off was my wife and I walked out the door. HORRID Experience.
It's a mall. In Madison. It's exactly what you'd expect. \n\nThe interior has been spruced up and there are some new stores, but West Towne still wins.  If you really need to shop, get outta town and head to Milwaukee or Chicago.
I didn't know theaters without stadium seating existed anymore.  The price was right so it gets 3 stars.  If you have a lot of disposable income go somewhere else.  If you don't, this place is worth it for what they charge.
The best. Love the furniture and the helpful  salesperson.  Very knowledgable.
After my husband and I purchased a home, we decided to replace our vinyl blinds to wood shutter blinds. Sunburst shutter are a great team of professionals. Their shutters are a little pricier than other, however, there quality and team are great! It is worth the extra bucks for something you will be pleased with.
Good breakfast for a reasonable price.  Staff was courteous and the place had a good old time atmosphere.   Was actually better in some ways to the egg and I.  As it seemed more country than fast paced packed house style of eating.
When a cold hits and the fuzziness sets in, all I want is soup and grilled cheese. Well, I find some great soup here! They have some of the best tomato basil around and it comes with a nice cheesy piece of bread. This combination is perfect for a cold day or a stuffy nose day!
I would go just for the raspberry lemonade. Food was decent, service was alright. My only complaint is that the music was too loud. I don't know if  it's normally that loud, but they should lower it early in the evening when the place is full of families.
I was surprised that there were no grass fed beef options on the menu. The fries (both regular and truffle Parmesan) were good and our server was super friendly and knowledgable about gluten sensitivities.
Excellent choice of burgers and other selections.  I had the turkey burger which was ground with seasonings and was surprisingly good.  Great place for a normal feeling while in Vegas and better prices for food than most places around the strip.
Best flavored croissants in town.  don't be looking for the dinner roll type these are special.   !!!  I've bought these from this family  for years in several locations as they grew.   You have to try them.
I'm apparently the only one who did not think was very good. General Tso's chicken let me down.
Was lazy in planning and didn't make reservations in time for anyplace better.  First time visit here for me, last Saturday night.  \n\nFood was just okay, especially considering the prices.  I guess you're paying for the view of the Bellagio fountain across the street.
Pretty plain. What was weird, the frosting was falling off the donut as you bite into it, now that is a reflection on the freshness... The place has great reviews and that's why I actually stopped by this hole in a wall but I know a good donut and this place does not have em
Horrible place to go.. It's small and the locals act as if they own the bar. The bathrooms are dirty and the bar isn't that clean. The owner doesn't act like much of an owner, he is very immature and gets drunk with his patrons. Would not recommend at all!
Pretty good value for tasty food, but service was really poor. They forgot to give us napkins and gave us the wrong dish.
Great advice, did an excellent and prices at way below what the dealer quoted.
Filet mignon was the best followed by picanha, chicken etc. cheese bread is very good. Way too much food. \nChocolate kava cake and flan were pretty good. Not great. Kids 11 and 14 yr old girls were charged same price as adults. Really???
Cool place, but do NOT get the chicken. Mine was like rubber, I had to send it back and just didn't eat. So gross. Dirty place. But seems fun if you get drunk
Have not been back since the food inspection noted on November 2012.\nhttp://www.ktnv.com/news/local/177746751.html\n\n\"The pictures really do tell the story of Ellis Island restaurant's 60-demerit closure.\"
First off, this place was on tripple d. Amazing food! Great service! Get the tav-a-roo tuna tacos!
Phoned this morning.  Seems it isn't even in business any more.
Very bad experience last nite there, please take of your belongings while at this place. My big size drink got disappeared in couple of moments when I was dancing  with my wife. They have so called security and staff but to yell on us.
Happy hour is great for drinks, but could stand to be expanded a bit on the food side.  With that said, the food itself is delicious and very reasonably priced even outside of happy hour. I'd recommend the spicy tuna salad - delicious and a great value for how much you get.
Absolutely AVERAGE donuts; not terrible but nothing special. To be honest I'd give the QT a higher mark for donuts than Bosa.
One of the worst hotels I stayed in anywhere.  During my spring training visit earlier this year, almost every day I had trouble with the door key cards.  Very poor decor also.
15 minute wait for a table, no problem. 15 minute wait in line to pay after eating, big problem.  Food was fine. The place is badly understaffed bordering on chaos.
Not a fan. Fries didn't taste good and didn't like the taste of the sandwiches at all. \n\nI won't be coming back.
I've been going to Pita Pit since I was a kid in SD and a weekly regular in college in Sacramento so to finally see this in Vegas makes me so excited. The chicken crave is my go to pita and was delicious as always. Service lacked a little, otherwise it would have been 5 stars.
I love the Spanish quesadilla and the steaks are amazing. Make sure you order a steak here!
Ok, the beers are outstanding, but the poutine is amazing!  Short ribs, braised to perfection.  With gravy.  Over fries and cheese curds (be still, my Wisconsin-girl heart).  Yum!!
Apple Store in Northlake is now open! Was so much fun to be a part of the Grand Opening this morning!
repurpose, recycle, reuse...stopped in over the long weekend and love the store...hope they do well in town square...
Hint: get free online pass\nFriendly reception & staff\nClean, well-configured for equipment & free weights\nAbout 20 ellipticals\nKiddie fitness center; apparel & refreshment area\nNice locker rooms: need own lock\nTowels for rent
My wife got food poisoning from here. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.....
Amazing service, our wait staff was over the top.  We dine in a lot of the top restaurants and private clubs and this was the best.  Food is fabulous, spectacular presentation, great selection.
I don't know how they work. When you sign up they say that it can be cancelled anytime and you get the money back, and now they say that since I did not avail the offer as they did not have any rooms available on weekends, I lose the money.
Good atmosphere and food. Decent beer too.  Nothing major to write home about.  The patio was nice to sit out on.
Nice for lunch in the middle of the casino. Solid but not great. Tried the crab cakes, the ribs, the spicy ahi and the Caesar salad. $18. Glass of sparkling wine. On the pricey side, service was excellent.
quiet place in terms of vegas standards. there is 1 bar by the registration desk. the place is quieter, since there's no casino.\n\nrecommend if you want to stay at a nice, low-key, quiet place on the strip.
Barbeque is very subjective, and I happen to love the pulled turkey and the sauce here and will keep going back for it again and again. I suggest at least giving it a try, if you don't like it there keep trying different palces.
Still an original Kmart with the lunch counter & ICEE machine. Lots of good stuff, a little more limited than walmart butter a much better experience and they have lay away
Longhorn is OK, not great or fantastic.  We have been there three times and have not been wowed.  Food = OK, Service = Good, Value= OK.  For the same price you can do better elsewhere.
recommend: grilled salmon+bean sprouts, coconut sauce chicken rice. very hot and fresh served. mango salad was average. enjoyed  it .
Best Mexican food in town, I've been eating here for a very long time, everything is good and waiters are the best.
Dont ever Fly US Airways to Hawaii. The Flight Attendants were rude and very unpleasant. Spend the Extra and Fly Hawaiian Airline.
One of the best experience. For any occasion. Food is excellent great meat selection and side and out standing service. And if you r not a big meat lover you can always just do the salad bar its a great salad selection. Its a little pricey but is worth it...
The pastries are SO good here.  The vibe is comfy.   Did I mention the pastries?  SO good.
Work with Heather!! She gave great customer service and ideas for gifts while visiting the store on Fashion night out! The manager on the other hand was very rude and I would never work with her again! My family who was with me all agreed!
This place was good but not amazing. The price was really high in my opinion for the quality of food. I have another Thai place I am going to stick with.
Sat at the bar - good service. Had the steak tacos - pretty good. Draft beer - 20 oz. Total = $20. I left full and not broke in the airport. I'd go back.
There food is average at best.The highlight is the Al Pastor which leaves much to desire.
Great breakfast! Yummy! :)
The food is good and the drinks are huge and awesome. The only bad thing I can say about this place is people that work there are snobby and they lack in customer service. Also the prices on the menus are on the pricey side. But other than that it's a good place to eat.
Love it here! Great beds...always see amazing results! Staff is VERY knowledgeable and friendly! Good prices and a variety of lotions to chose from at any price point! Have been coming here for months and will continue! So happy to find such a great place so close home!!!
Five stars coz there isn't anything higher than that!  Excellent food,  very professional service and perfect ambience.  Best place for Indian chinese food hands down!  We drive all the way from Gilbert for this food!  Great job!  Love their veg coin manchurian and lat mai paneer!
If you are really hungry for a big breakfast, this place is the spot!  Incredible portions and the banana my muffins....OMG....the banana nut muffins...!
Thank you for responding back to my past yelp.
Super slick setup, not bad for a buffet, ultra friendly service!
Favorite pizza place! Their sicilian and white sauce pizza are so good!! A little pricey but totally worth your money. We had a little trouble finding it but it's on the third floor at the cosmopolitan.
Poor service, and just okay food.  The tapas were too small to share and nothing was really that great.
Best coffee in town. Friendly staff and free wifi! Large cafe with plenty of seating and non-pretentious atmosphere. Good prices, $2.50 for a cappuccino.
Most pretentious place I have EVER eaten. The chef \"doesn't believe in ranch dressing\". 3/4 of the items on the menu have ingredients that you can only pronounce if you are fluent in every language in Europe and Asia. I hope that this review saves at least one person from eating here.
Came here for lunch and it was a bit pricey. The portion was so-so, they forgot to add the meat with my bibimbop!
Visited from California and looked for a KBBQ place in Las Vegas, found this place and loved it! Ordered the brisket plate and was delicious!!! Side dishes were so plentiful...highly recommended for awesome korean bbq =)
booked on expedia.  \nCheap!!!!!!  \nIn the middle of the strip!!!!!\nThey have beds.  'NOUGH SAID\nTheir bar rock house is low maintenance fun.
I live very close to Jason's Deli. For a long time, I ate there at least once a week. Last time I visited Jason's Deli, I ordered a chicken salad wrap with tomato and found a metal staple in my food. I have not been back since...
This is the BEST breakfast in all of Pittsburgh.  Service is always good.  Seating is limited but it's worth the wait if you find a line.
I might have expected too much, but price is good for donuts.  It's a healthy version donut that is not overly sweet or greasy.  If I could I will give 3.5 star for the fluffiness and healthiness.
Everything in A stirafoam container. Deep fried greasy fast food. Not healthy. Not nice. Clean restrooms.
I liked their tortilla for the bean burrito, but I've had better beans. The shredded beef taco was pretty good. They didn't have enough meat on it though. For fast Mexican food it's fine. Close to my house.
Low prices and great food. Fast service.... definitely one of my favorite places! AMAZING selection of indie sodas!
Windows look great!\n\nGoing to use them for our front door once I have the cash.\n\nThey arrived on time, completed 8 windows in less than 6 hours and cleaned up the mess. \n\nGreat communication as we discussed options on windows.
A decent Thai restaurant off the strip.  The  decor was sparse, the wait staff pre-occupied,  the portions were modist and the prices on the high side for Thai.  We had Pad Thai, a Duck curry that tasted wonderful and a Northern Thai dish that was simple but nice.
Outdated and not that good. 20 years ago it was barely cool. The kids were not impressed. Half the games are broken or malfunctioning.  The salad was sort of wilted. The pizza was not flavorful and hard like it was overcooked.  I think this is just an outdated concept. Not incredibly clean also.
You can't get smoked wings just anywhere. The rub was great. Less is more when it comes to how these are prepared. The price is a bit steep, but worth it.
I gave 5 stars just for the dragon bowl. Seriously! However everything else that we ordered was great, especially sushi rolls. Don't bother to order dinner. The salmon and steak weren't good. Overall we were happy w this place. Highly recommended
This store is not for me, most of those clothes here is all the clothes no one would ever want at a big discounted price.
Jerry is great.  Fair.  Honest.  Responsive.  Knowledgeable.  The kind of guy you are happy to pay when the job is done.  He fixed my hi-tech fridge earlier this year and I have to call him tomorrow to fix my dishwasher.  \n\nYou can't go wrong with Jerry.
I am satisfied with the work that they have done for me on framing my very oversized medical diploma and framing canvas prints that I have actually bought for a deal in this place. \n\nRock on!!!
Soooo slow....even the drive through
They are only open until 3:00 pm. Excellent Tomato bisque and open faced grilled cheese sandwich. A little pricey, but it's the Encore / Wynn. The plate shape is very awkward and hard to work with.
Service was fine. Ok selection. Didn't have my size in the first couple shirts I wanted (Lrg). The shirt I did buy, grafic came of a little and faded first wash.
We tent camped,mtn biked,hiked did it all.  Had a big time will be back.\nThe mountainbike trails were awesome.  all the people we met were nice friendly\nhelpful.
Awesome tacos, Quesadillas etc...\n\nA must stop if going downtown (from the strip).
This place has awesome food, drinks and atmoshpere. Very classy decor and well dressed patrons. Great lighting and presentation inside I was very happy with my NY Strip on the bone. The Margarita was fantastic as well! A little pricey but you get what you pay for.
We survived inspite of the stale food! Several items on the buffet were just plain stale. Not sure how these guys are in business.
Took the little one a few times to get the French Toast. Great staff and quick food. The french fries are awesome with that seasoning they use.
Pad thai is great. HUGE portions but ordered shrimp & chicken - only got 3 shrimp :-( Will return
Such delicious Thai Food! This is a must when visiting downtown. Everything is great but my favs are Awesome Noodle with tofu or the short rib fried rice!
Not bad.. not like in and out...  good burgers, kinda pricey.. the fries werent that great either, but I do find myself craving another one of their burgers.
Such a good vibe here !!!
POS is by far my favorite sub place.  Beats the other restaurants hands down, but I visited this particular location and the doors were lock 15 minutes prior to the schedule.  That is it, everything else is great.
Disappointed.  Not that it was bad, but I could have made this food.  No real WOW factor, and given the neighborhood, they really need one to survive long term.  The place just came off as mediocre.
Really good food & service. They have a cute patio. Very clean. Not a large selection of a \"healthy\" menu options
The chicken Katsu combo was perfect!:) but don't try the boba!! Tried the coconut and it was nasty. I'll stick to \"bomb boba\" on cactus from here on out.
Fantastic place to have a vacation..love this place. Close to shopping too...
Love the PHX Zoo!! All the animals were out and about and looked good. The weather was cooler in Oct. Staff was friendly. Kudos to @phoenixzoo on Twitter for getting us out and reminding us to go!
Pretzel was gross and seemed like it had been sitting there for a few days. Staff was unfriendly and looked sad. If you walk a little further, there is an Auntie Anne's which is a lot better.
We were so very happy with the service here I would have no problem recommending Classic Gold to anyone needing auto body work done.  It's like it never even happened.   Thanks again!!
Way to create customer loyalty not taking a To Go order at 9:02pm when your kitchen closed at 9:00. Well done!\n\nI love your food and I live in the neighborhood but will most likely start ordering take out from other places instead of CBW like I have been every other week for the past 6 months.
We had their cheese pizza and wings, it was pretty good. The best thing about the pizza was the crust. The wings were nothing special.
Pretty good. Your average Pei Wei. Parking is a huge pain in the ass here.
Amazing bon bons made by a chocolatier from Amsterdam. Incredibly, all profits from this store go to the Madison Scouts (see article in the Wisconsin State Journal: http://bit.ly/cvSuMa ).
Megan H...... Dr. Mickey handing out excessive pain meds? I must have been absent that day. Nobody in this office hands out pain meds very easily. they will send you to a pain clinic, thats about it. I was in last week. 5 star service as usual.
Fantastic lunch special prices, food is HOT.  Soup is luke warm (temperature), but flavorful.\n\nNot many people are here when we go on various days for lunch.\n\nThey have a fish tank with fishes that have big eyes.
Great locayion and love the fire pit! However, shrimp on happy hour menu was terrible. We could smell it before it hit the table.
Woooow, impressed, friendly dentist and assist, before I came here the last time I em was at a dentist office was like 16 years In one of those scare of dentist but this guys made me feel very comfy, love it very clean and on time with appt :)
Meets the basic needs...\nA really dated centre...\nLocal teens hangout.
The worst pulled pork sandwich I have ever had.    Their watermelon mixed drink was very good though.  I won't be returning.
Food is not bad. But staff is not friendly. Closed at 9:30 pm, but take out only after 9.
Nice atmosphere, good beer selection but the food has no taste.  I've given it 3 tries now but won't be going back.
Absolutely amazing food! I love the home feel to the place. It takes me back to sitting in my grandpa's kitchen as he made very similar breakfasts for us! My all time favorite breakfast joint. The biscuits and gravy or chicken friend steak are the best!! Highly recommended and keep up the good work guys!
Best Italian! It's our go-to spot when Friends from out of town visit.  Our New York friends love it!  Lasagna is to die for!
Will go back
I love getting dinner here before seeing a movie at Sundance. The tomato cilantro soba is consistently delicious and satisfying. You can tell that the staff is committed to making excellent food.
The service takes forever... But they are nice... Obviously you must get the Frozen Hot Chocolate... Get it girrrrrrrrrrl
YUMMY!!!! Can't go wrong with Panera. The thing that urks me most is the single door entrance/exit...this place needs double doors with all the people going through it!
Was in town for work and stopped in to check out the sample sale. I have a couple functions coming up and thought it would be worth it to take a look. I had the best luck!  Kendra was so helpful and picked out some great things for me to try. I found two gorgeous dresses, very reasonably priced.
Nice group of People. I bought a RC car for my son which broke after 2-3 months. Went back to this place expecting to buy some new parts and these guys just fixed it for us free of charge. Nice selection for such a small square footage
Consistent and quality.  Although it might be a love it or hate it thing.  I love it, so there ya go.
This place is the best Indian food in the CU area. The Chicken Korma and the Naan are to die for. I can't get enough of Sitara!
Beware of PT's ...... One star is to much for most locations, Crappy service.  Dirty bathrooms.  Cold food brought out at separate times than my friends food.   This place is awful.
Food is good, after have it delivered to my house 4x in the last 4 months... all of a sudden my address is out of range for delivery.  Good food but not good enough for me to drive to pick it up.
Crappy pizza, poor preparation, lousy ingredients.  Would you feed this junk to your kids? I think not.
For a speedy, cheap lunch, it's tolerable. As Asian food goes, Yeesh, I sure hope not.
The lady on the phone - owner's daughter - spoke somewhat rudely and refused to accept cash and hung up on me. lol...Make sure you have a credit card else they won't accept your order. You've been warned.
If you are looking for a good burrito you wont find it here. I kept giving this place a chance just by trying other things they had to offer , just because someone says its good don't believe the hype.....!!!!!
Loved that the red wine was chilled!
Excellent bike shop.  Matt got us fixed up and on our way in record time.  My wife and I were very impressed by him, and with our visit there yesterday.  Thanks!
The staff is very friendly and very helpful when you have a question.  They are trying to do better about there customer service and it is showing.  Rather go to them now then Lowells.
Food was good but soup wasn't hot.  Service was incredibly slow even though no one was in the restaurant but a couple other two tops.  I'd come back but try a different server next time.
The atmosphere feels like you were back home, excellent tasting food, Hawaiian sized portions, and our server Lei is one of the nicest servers there is!
We stopped at Kona for lunch on our way from Carefree to Scottsdale.  Weird menu, everything from sushi to flatbread pizza.  We were underwhelmed by the food but service was friendly and attentive.  Would not recommend if you're into good food.
I love the Unagi Don.
OMG! If you have kids steer clear. No children's menu and they don't care... They make you feel like a big bother!
The food is great, there is a lot of tempura sushi on the menu, which is sort of limiting sushi wise. The service leaves something to  be desired and it does seem a little disorganized in the kitchhen. Overall food great I just wouldn't go on a busy night
$$$
Always satisfying! Never been disappointed by this place! Red pepper hummus is my fav & I used to be addicted to the philly chicken love it! Always fresh!! Lemonade is perfection!
I went through the drive through around 10 am this morning.  Fastest drive through service ever,  tasty coffee.  I highly recommend pumpkin spice coffee during the fall.
My favorite place to get drinks at Town Square. Its hip and relaxed at same point. Their finger food goes well with their drinks. Try out their old fashioned, its pretty great for whisky lovers.
Ever since Dominos changed up their recipe/ingredients, their pizza has really been awesome. I enjoy the thin crust with spinach, tomatoes, and mushrooms.  Mmmm
Crappy service. Good food..... Ordered, then got food 50mins Later then didn't see the Waitress for another 30 mins..... When she dropped off the check...
This is a great location, its always clean and the staff is always helpful and nice. I even heard one of them rapping and it was adorable
Great place to bring kids to get cut and excellent service. I have been to a lot of Charlotte shops this is by far the best and the absolutely best environment.
My girlfriend would go hungry without this place. Always FRESH, but would be EASIER without the self-checkout
Burnt to a crisp. And thankfully so. This place is closed. We are all thrilled.
Dollar corn dogs on tuesdays...Score!\n\nLocated conveniently in the Fashion Show mall. \n\nFunnel cake sticks are amazing and only  $2.75.
Our new favorite spot!!!!! Been here a few times have ordered different things (my boyfriend and I) and have all exceeded our expectations :) Service is great and speedy. Love love love this place!
The worst!  Weird decor and atmosphere. Food, blech!
The food here is disgusting. We had a variety of dishes and none of them were close to being Mexican or American-Mexican cuisine. The service was slow and the tables and floor were dirty. You're better off buying frozen Mexican food at the grocery store or cooking it yourself.
Beautiful surroundings with mostly wonderful food. My husband was dissapointed with the veal. My scallops were excellent. Our choice of salad was not great. It looked good but was mostly cucumbers and a slice of avocado. The side dishes were fantastic, ratatouille, polenta and gnocchi.
Solid lunch if you want mexican food. I like the flautas and beef burritos.  Good chips and salsa as well.  Not the best around but definitely not the worst.
Yes. \n\nThere were lynx kittens. What else do I need to say?\n\nParked on street and walked over. Very cool experience. The more time you spend the more you will see. Very cool zoo experience.
The meat on both of our plates were raw. Bright red in the middle. Customer service was rushed and wanted us out because they wanted to close. Not a good experience and we will not be going back.
If your in the mood for great soup and sandwiches and desserts that are as good as any I have ever had, then your in luck. Cafe Zupas won't let you down. Give them a try. They are super friendly despite being opening week.
Horrible it's smell horrible it was super dirty worse food experience ever
I ordered the airline chicken fettuccine and it tasted like fish. Obviously the chicken was cooked on the same grill as the fish. I was I was very disappointed. This was my second visit to the restaurant and it will be my last.
I walk in, smile and say hi. Lady at the front ignores me and walks away. New lady takes my order but the chef decides he's gonna have a 5 min conversation with the first lady before he prepares my food. Too many better options out there.
Older crowd here. They have a few slots machines and poker/roulette tables set ups. Waitresses are dressed like the bunnies! Friday night crowd at about midnight was pretty light. We paid $40 pp for a pass that got us into rain, ghost bar, playboy lounge, and moon for the entire night.
The Ancho citrus grilled shrimp burrito was excellent.  Service was fast and friendly.  Will come back again.
Place is dirty,  most if not all of the tables need to be wiped down.  Had to sit at a dirty table.  Yuck!
I really, really like this place.  The food is fresh and consistently good.  Especially for such a reasonably priced, casual place, the service is exceptionally good.  They are always extremely friendly and accommodating.  I feel happy as soon as I walk in their door!  A standby.
Great food, large portions.
Not impressed. Food was ok, server was average. I guess I just expected more for the price. Most items $20+. I eat out 2-3 times per week and will pass by here next time. I'd say its worth driving a few miles to desert ridge and eat at BJ's if you want a brewery type restaurant.
Looks more upscale than it is. G&T was very weak, and Margarita was not only weak but made with mix. Horrible. Bartender was polite and food may or may not be any good. Wiuld give one star but am giving wo stars because it's probably my own fault for expecting a proper drink here.
The car wash does not work very well. People inside were nice, but paid $6 for a brushless wash that should be called a wash-less wash.
Decor was upscale and friendly.  Food could use little more attention for $$$. Service was disappointing because server did not take order correctly twice and loudness of the restaurant was unpleasant.
Came here for dinner and overall, the food was good and service was excellent.  Ordered the Lamb Vindaloo at a spice level of 10 and not that spicy.  Spice levels apparently go up to 15.  The samosas were good but a little too dense.
I recently bought my second car here. This has to be the best darn car dealership ever. The Finance guy was the coolest guy I have ever met. the sales staff was great.
Easy to work with. Quick and simple. Gives great advice when storing. Good place to go to if ASU student looking to store items over the summer.
3.5 Stars. Ordered the Vesper. If you like Gin get this drink. I don't but it gave me a big buzz which is always a plus.
not a big fan of kbbq but had lots of selection and fairly cheap with good service, always had my drinks filled to the rim
I miss this restaurant so much. Their tortilla soup and jerk chicken salad speaks to my soul. I recommend trying these two items because they are delicious. While I enjoy the Scottsdale location, the Tempe one is nice too.
Friendly and accommodating. Dr Strickland was able to fit me in the same day since I was suffering from extreme back pain. My pain has been considerably reduced after one visit. He is also very knowledgeable and takes time to explain things to his patients.
Nice store.  Friendly staff.  I've just never seen a price there that I could not beat somewhere else.
I have been here twice. Found on yelp. Great staff. Never too busy. Perfect waiting room.
This show was awesome! The stage was so unique along with the characters and outfits. It is a martial arts based performance with a love story woven in. I really enjoyed the pyrotechnics. We were able to get nice seats in the middle with a great view for very reasonable prices for a cirque du soliel show.
OK, like everything in this little area.  The price was alright, my burrito was alright, the salsa was alright.  There's got to be a better place close by!
I used 24-7 Locksmith and mentioned the internet ad hoping to receive my discount. Not only did I not receive the discount, but I have been lied to all 7 times I have called trying to resolve this issue. This business uses the bate and switch. I feel cheated.
Wow!  Good food large portions!  Great prices!  The other restaurant that was here sucked.
Some of the Tuesday night refs need to check their messages, cause I think they missed some calls...
It was okay I've been there before in California. I think this 1 is a little different for me sometimes depends on the location but I didn't really enjoy it Planet Hollywood. Get customer service but other than that I didn't really enjoy the food there. If it is a next time maybe I should try the 1 in Green Valley.
Had work done to my Mitsubishi EclipseGT 07 for a duel exhaust system, with black tips. Pretty straight forward and simple with decent fair prices compared to other places.
My family and I love this place! my husband, kids and I enjoyed breakfast almost all the weekends. The pancakes and Guadalajara skillet are the best! \n\nDescent prices!! \nFriendly staff!! \n\nGOOD FOOD!!!
Food was great and so was the entertainment. The staff was very friendly.
Poor service and ok food. We sat in the bad and had a long wait to order and for our food. We had to ask our server for refills, cheese, a check, and a box. We had to walk to the bar to get her attention. Fries were great - fun atmosphere - ok pizza.
If u want a burger that will change how u look at quality n pricing this is the place begs everything unlike 5guys In n Out the big chain restaurants they put love care n their food u leave feeling happy full and planing ur nxt visit
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! We bought discount tickets for $85...We wouldn't go again if you gave us free tickets. They were not funny...bored me for the first 50 mins then I had to endure the rest of the show.
If you are from the tri-state area and  you believe the previous posts that this is authentic NY style pizza, you will be disappointed.  I have had much better pizza in the area, yet nothing comes too close to the real deal, so i keep trying new places.  This is not a winner.
Price was ok (24.99 for brunch). Sushi was meh, potatoes were great.  BUT, no eggs benedict!  On a brunch buffet!  For shame, MGM Grand.  For shame.
Stingray Sushi is at it again--being tacky, that is. Their current ad-campaign is through tasteless Romney-supporting political signs. I can't tell if I'm disgusted more by their mixing politics with food or pretending to support politics for free advertising all over the streets.
Well my rice was crunchy. My black beans hard and flavorless, my tortilla was sticky and I got mostly dark chicken in my burrito.  Ugggggh!
Not bad have had problems in the past
Best steak I had in Madison.  It was done medium rare,wine is very very good and pasta is always al dente.
Going to this place is a hit or miss, some nights it is awful, other nights its awesome. there are no real just good nights. Very pricy. I go here once every 2 to 3 months, if i have friends that want to go downtown, this usually is a spot i hit
i like the sushi man that make sushis!!!!!! i look forward to eating more of his sushis. yuuummmmmy
Have you recently had a colonoscopy? You will look back upon the experience with fondness after eating here.  No, seriously, have your interior probed before dining at this establishment. It's never a bad idea to get to know the doctor this undercooked food will be forcing you to visit.
Sunday afternoons at one require more than one cashier. Lined up customers for dine in, and a growing line for pick up and take out. A tad dysfunctional. Wound up @ Tokyo express...
I did omakase here with my family and it was mediocre. It definitely was not worth the $500 bill. NYC Blue Ribbon is much better than this place. \n\nAlso, everyone had a mild stomach ache after and the next day. All 4 of us.
One of the best Asian restaurants in Madison.  Consistently good and the new Atwood location means you can get a table.  5 star hot means HOT!  I couldn't handle it and I love spicy food.
Prices at this location are generally higher then others
Just stopped in to get a juice before I tackle Walmart. I have a miserable cold/upper respiratory infection and sound half dead. Lol. I ordered the citrus kick and the girl who helped me suggested i add the c and zinc to help me feel better. She was so sweet I had to post a complimemt.
The free wifi might as well not exist, it works intermittently and is incredibly slow despite full signal. \n\nThe jacuzzi closes at 5 pm, which is absurd.
OK place, students cutting hair.
Best. Corn. Bread. Ever. \nIf your mama ain't around slap someone else. \nRib tips are sublime. \nDigging into my Burnt Ends now. \nColeslaw was meh. Everything else was worth the wait.
Will not be coming back.  Drinks tasted weak. Very weak.
I've been here twice for service and both times, the staff have been extremely rude.  I now drive out of my way to Henderson just for dealership services.
Attic is fine. From the street, it looks like the most hopping place in Charlotte, because of that great balcony. Decent bar. Make sure to pop into the hidden cigar bar in back. That place is cooler in my opinion. Madison's? Yeah.
Great job here as always, but they often mischarge me...rather, overcharge me
I have never been contacted by this manager. They did however call me with their automated review system, so they do have my number...... it is a shame, I work in a customer service area, and would have really appreciated that, but no serious contact was ever attempted.
Came back for our 3rd visit during Friday night happy hour,  much improved,  tried the raspberry, strawberry and apple Zipparita, all 3 were good. Excellent chips, guacamole and salsa, plus cheese pizza. ALSO ordered Golden sweet wings had a kick to them. Would come back again.
After contacting them, I have been through all the loopholes of getting an approval from my insurance. Called to make my appointment to finally hear that they don't accept new patients. And they even hung on me when I asked what's going on. Agape physical therapy... not recommended.
Probably one of the smaller buffets on the strip. We were disappointed by the lack of food and of the food quality.  It is priced the same as some of the more upscale and larger buffets.....go to those!
Don't go in the Drive Thru if there are more than 3 cars. You will sit there for 20 minutes.
Family and I thought this place wasn't too bad. Daughter loved their salads. Wife also enjoyed hers. Mine must not have been that great since I can not remember what I ate!!!! It has been ten days ago since we were there. But once again I am drawing an blank. The service was decent though!
Love the pork barbacoa tacos! Yummmmm!!!!!!! :)
this place is as good as it gets!!!  you cannot get a bad product here.  The employees are top notch and will guide you through the plethora of products.  Stellar operation this place has,  like being in italy honestly.
went to a bunch of clubs in Scottsdale and this was one of the better ones really had a blast here DJ was awesome, music was good, dance floor was bigger than most of the other clubs around only issue is the dance floor gets slippery so be careful!
Nice place! Fast and efficient service! They even have Sriachai hot sauce on the table (in a bottle).  I enjoyed eating at the restaurant.
Horrible greasy food.\nGm didn't care at all when we complained.\nManagement reflects overall very poor experience. My tummy still hurts!
Kathy's Southern Cooking has the best chicken fried steak ever!!!\nI challenge anyone to find any restaurant in town with better chicken \nfried steak.  I am a soul-food connoisseur and this is the real deal!
i want to say it was hard to find but maybe i was a little off lol but anyway the adobo was simply amazing....i would definitely go back if i was on that side of town....!!
Had a good chicken sandwich with fries and an overly-oily salad for under $10+tax and tip. Server was really friendly and fun. \n\nDecent lunch, but I don't know that I will be rushing back.
It was not the hotel that I expected.\nYou can hear noise from next door. It was so loud when next door open and\nclose the door.\nThere is no amenities other than shampoo and conditioner.
Good food, good atmosphere, friendly staff.\n\nPatio is dog friendly, they even brought out water for our 130 pound rottie, he loved it! Great place to take the kids, they love the free chocolate fountain.\n\nChips and salsa are fabulous!
Place is closed. Out of business. Too bad? Looked nice. This area sorely needed a Cigar Lounge. Less then a year the place was open? Oh well.
It not often where someone will offer to pump your gas for you. Friendly people
This place, like all other downtown places, smell like piss and bums.  No thanks.
I had high expectations and Winghart's delivered. Staff has been polite and friendly each time I have gone. The fries were average, but the burger was amazing.
This is a horrible place for nail service, went today for pedi and a gel Mani. Can't believe I actually paid them.  The  lady worked on me and another lady at the same time!  NEVER again...
Normally very happy with this place but came here for Mother's Day.  16 people. Made reservations using open table for 7:15. It's now 8:50 and still don't have food yet. Very unhappy. They obviously overbooked and couldn't handle it.
It's Target....not much else to say.\n\nThe parking at this one can be kind of a mess, though, so just park on the first floor and use your legs to drive you to the front door.
I wasn't impressed.  I mean, the food was just \"eh\" my sandwich fell apart.  Going to a Beer place, I expect lots of potions for Beer, and well they only have 5-6 beers to pick from.  Meh.
Food was so-so. Carne Asada burrito I ordered came with beans which I wasn't expecting. I would suggest Filibertos over this place. You won't have to wait for your food for 30 minutes like I did and the food will probably be leaps and bounds better.
Great food!!  My wife and i were delightfully surprised.  Fish tacos were very good - the slaw made the taco.  The quesadillas very fantastic.  Excellent staff, efficient service.  Leave room for dessert because the four piece sampler was awesome!
Sheera's awesome. Clean, sanitary and very creative. I'm convinced there's no idea she cannot think of!! So much fun; great sense of humor. You'll have a blast and best of all you'll have nails that you will love!
I like PCL! Yes its small and crowded but the music is good...the drinks are good...and I like to dance! I think its a fun club and I recommend you atleast check it out. :)
I normally really like outback. This one has slow and not so good service.
Go here a lot with friends and I have loved this place for a long time. I will continue to go here for great burgers.
Skip it. Nineteen dollars for a chicken avocado sandwich and soda. Food was not hot and was fairly tasteless. Even the movie memorabilia is kinda lame. Service was slow on a non-busy Sunday afternoon.  If you need a burger, go across the street to Johnny Rockets in the Flamingo.
Great food!! Awesome people!!
it was fun here... very nice ..\n\ncame to Vegas for memorial weekend. \n\ncame with friends and cousin...hella packed\n\nno waiting in line though so it was koo..
Awesome place! Very chill, good location and the staff is great! Love the set up and decor as well..great job! Thank you to the new owners!
Chicken kabob was bland and chicken was a little dry. My friend's chicken Shwarma tasted like Indian food not Shwarma. Not typical middle eastern/Greek food. \n\nHummus and dolmades were good though.
Happy Hour is great and Taco Tuesday is awesome as well, but the service is TERRIBLE!!!
Best shrimp po'boy in Arizona. Just like being in New Orleans! Great relaxed atmosphere and very friendly environment.
Yuck. Over priced and gross. Quick delivery doesn't save you from the nastiness that is their pizza.
Green curry with shrimp and chicken was delicious. Good portion with perfectly prepared rice. Will return to go for the Basil Duck. Quaint, quiet, tasteful. Perfect service.
First time in Denny's visiting Vegas from NYC. Hmmm NO Avoid this chain. Can we say extra extra Butter on everything including the butter? lol Yea no never again...
I stopped in this store again, not realizing when I found it in the Yellow Pages that it was a store I'd been to when I was here in 2007.  I still enjoyed looking around and bought a couple of alcohol ink pens and colored pencils.  Then I headed over to Sally's Beauty Supply next door.
Make your way over to paymons once and you'll be hooked. Stiff drinks and tasty mediterranean dishes await you. Make youre u get the ice base on your hookah. it burns all night long! \nDont forget tuesdays are local nights and select appeitzers are half off!
Went there for lunch. The wait wasn't that bad. It only took us ten minutes to get a seat outside. The atmosphere was great especially when the bellagio fountain is right across the street. Food was decent, but it was reaaaaalllllyyyyyy slow.
Great spiced chicken....great service, great place. I was a little surprised that I could not get black beans or any beans there as a side, but I would go there again and that is saying a lot considering all the good restaurants in caesars.
Great concert venue,  I've been to concerts on the lawn and in the seats and enjoyed the sound from both.\n\nMy only complaints are about the ridiculous drink prices and the even more absurd bathroom situation... Too many port-a-potties and too few toilets.
Adam is a true professional and perfectionist! He was prompt and courteous and took his time on the tint job. You can tell he really knows his stuff. The car came out beautifully and by far the best tint job I've ever had on a car. He is more than worth his cost.
Fuk the Asian/Hawaiian guestlist guy with the beard
It's closed. For the entire summer. They're claiming renovations, but that is way lame.
Small portions, Large price. \n\nI went in with low expectations and came out feeling affirmed.  \nI got the Bangkok Curry and it was just..okay.  The whole experience of the food was just...okay.
Meh -- even with the deal, I don't care for it. I got my steak medium rare, but it was so chewy. Then my sunny side up eggs was too undercooked (the white was still very clear).  The service took forever. I wouldn't come back here again.
Not sure why a surf shop is needed in the middle of the desert.  Maybe because you can surf in the monster pool at the Mandalay Bay.  It is really no different from the other chain stores that you can see in Hawaii or on the coast of California.
I came in with my mom to make some jewelry.  We had a blast!! The owner and family were so much fun.  They helped us create really awesome necklaces, and they fixed the broken jewelry I brought with me.  I enjoyed the experience, I will be back.  Great place for a party, or to bring someone for their birthday.
Why is it that when you get older and can appreciate the best things in life, they add lbs like crazy. I get the white chocolate macadamia nut  clusters. They have to be sinful and from the devil, they are too darn good. And i will leave it at that since I need this hand to nibble on one.
I like supporting local businesses and this place is family run. Food is always good and the shrimp fantastic. it's not cheap but you get what you pay for.
Space Age Lodge is a comical and obscure spot to stop in during a road trip. However, if you are vegetarian, skip it. The only thing on the menu I could order was a very greasy quesadilla.
My pho of choice is chicken, and the chicken pho at this place had an unusual flavor - kind of sweet.  But otherwise, not much other flavor.  I had to keep adding soy sauce & sriracha but overall a disappointing meal.  I won't be back.
We had an excellent lunch here. Our server Mariah was very helpful and informative, and everyone enjoyed their food: chillaquilles, fish sandwich, burrito, chicken quesadilla- all excellent!
Dr. Khaydatov treated my family member and we were really happy with the results. He was very professional, attentive and pleasant to deal withl. We are definitely coming back to see him and the staff!
Very good. You get a lot of tasty food. The belly dancers were amazing. The dessert wasn't very great.
Good ice cream. Very good service by the solo attendant. The store generally looks dirty, the floor is nasty from the front door to the back.  Happy to find the bathrooms clean.
Ordered chicken fingers and fries on special for $5.95. The chicken fingers were the kind of chicken you find in a $1 McDonald's chicken sandwich. The fries were completely tasteless. No salt. For the price, Jack in the Box or Farm Basket is much much better. Will not eat here again.
Its soooo good! Had the kiki's burger, it was delicious, unlike anything I've ever had. The salt and pepper garlic fries were so flavorful.
Food was good, Nice ambiance. Fun winelist. House made Gin & Tonic was great
Sometimes I get a serious craving for this place. The spam musubi is by far my favorite. The BBQ chicken plate is my second favorite option. I usually take my food to go so I can't comment on atmosphere, but of you like Hawaiian food check it out. It really is quite good.
See if we can get our money worth. Lol.  I tried the prime rib which just can't go wrong with, but aside from that...it was just another buffet.  just ok.
This club is amazing. Amazing layout. Very very popular in Vegas so, expect long lines. Very trendy. Awesome Awesome Awesome. You will not be dissapointed if you are looking for a trendy dance club.
I love Mexican food and this is Not Spectacular just OK ..........pretty Americanized but the food has decent flavors! They do have good prices and good salsa bar!
Same old starbucks as everywhere else. Have your usual!  I love the white mocha frap  with caramel. This is probably the main reason I come to Starbucks.
Worst place ever! I will never return and would NEVER recommend! I have a Beautiful female Yorkie who now looks like a butchered male chihuahua:( I am so incredibly upset with this place! BEWARE!!!!
The rooms and suites here are affordable and although the location is a little off the beaten path, sometimes thats a good thing.
Nice hotel but nothing special. The room was average size & surprisingly no cigarette smell in the room! I don't like their location on the strip so I probably wouldn't stay here again unless I got an amazing deal. I would recommend the hotel with the only drawback being location at the end of the strip.
Not feeling Flo's at all, the staff was nice but the place is way too loud and the food isn't as good as the lunch time prices.
Extremely laid back (a.k.a. slowww and steady) service, cute waitresses though, and yummy crispy margherita pizzas.  We also ordered the spinach artichoke dip which was swimming in grease, but I ate it anyway. Surprise! Good for a quick bite.
Worst qt Ever, an employee actually threatened to power wash my car when I tried to fill up and almost all of their pumps were out of order. I will never go back
I have been there. It has nice things inside but expect more.
Have had many good meals here. Great service. Tonight was not one of them. We ordered Grilled Lamb Chops and Gorgonzola Crusted Bistecco. Sauces didn't melt in and the meat was very tough for both meals. Sorry.
A very friendly service, fair prices for very good foods. We were 6 and we all said that they are the best omelet and best pancakes we've ever had
My co-worker Tom suggested this today for lunch, I had the breakfast burrito, Not bad. The tables and chairs and atmosphere say \"self serve\" until the waiter comes up and fools ya.
Jason the bartender is great. Other than that, food is average and waiters walk right past you.
Meal Description:  Rubber chicken placed in bowl of Campbell's tomato soup, no Mango Lassi, two spoons (no fork), butter naan and garlic naan (unable to differentiate), level of satisfaction = none.
Every time we go it gets worse... Barely any steak in my California Burrito along with a tiny amount of pico and soggy fries.
Hands down the best Mexican restaurant I have found in Charlotte.  The food is consistently good, the prices are reasonable and the service is good.  You should give it a try.  you won't be disappointed.
I definitely don't go to Vegas to shop, they have the same stores as most large malls, but it wasn't the worst stroll ever.
we had breakfast there yesterday huevos rancheros for me ham and egg burrito for the wife nothing great senior taco out rocks this place  50-1 on the breakfast front
Amazing place, exactly what you would expect from a Vegas pool party.
Savers seems to be getting a little over-priced but luckily they have changed this by reimplementing their 50% off tag sale days and they still have their senior sale days. Everything at this store is pretty much organized than other locations probably because no one goes to this one because it is so far, score for me.
Do not go to the restaurant right now. The hotel is under construction and you will be dining in an auxiliary room, which has as much charm as a coat room. When I called and asked about having breakfast there, the gal on the phone didn't even mention this. I was meeting some out of town guests and was quite embarrassed.
possibly the best gyro I've ever had. Tabouli was great. And you need to try the saffron ice cream. Hummus was a
Beautiful show, would go again. \nMy husband doesn't even like Celine all that much and he loved it!\nGreat music, cool theatrics, beautiful theater. \n\nWe are locals and we recommend this show above most others. See it!
It's definitely not the worst Wal Mart I've visited. But, as sort of a customer service snob, I tend to expect at LEAST a \"hello\" from the staff throughout the store. You'd be hard pressed to get acknowledged by anyone after you pass the greeter.
here are call buttons on each table to help you get service quickly. The rice cake in hot sauce is excellent. Good for large groups- BBQs on every table so you can cook to your hearts desire. Woot
Very rude service. Poor choices of sides (e.g. no french fries)
People here are incompetent.  They claim I can't get a health certificate in the state of Nevada and fly my pet out from another state.  On top of that they apparently only take walkins.  I'll never bring my dog back here.
The food is not that good. Nor is the sangria. Firefly has this place beat I'm sorry to say. Good try guys but up your game.
Just.... not great. Tired classics. The food tasted like it had been sitting out for awhile- the bread/soup/salad. White wine- Warm. Just.... nothing I'd come back again for. So disappointed. :( \n\nCasa di amore is way better.
Phenomenal tacos. Cheap. Stopped in on the way to good Sam and ordered the 5 taco plate for $5.49. Carne asada. Street tacos the way they should be. Amazing!
slow service and you'd better order the soup, because everything else arrives so oversauced and overdressed it might as well be soup.
We bought a Groupon for this place.  Glad we didn't pay full price!  Totally disappointed!  Food was not fresh....chips bland, obviously jar salsa, tasted like canned enchilada sauce....  All in all....not good.  Two thumbs down!
Definitely a Vegas staple and used to be a must-visit (before Caesar's Bacchanal Buffet opened, which is only $5 more and significantly better). Great selection of entrees but the dessert station will disappoint. Service is prompt and courteous.
too many people packed in a room the size of a small ballroom I've been to many casinos but this one is just really small and not enough games.
I just bought a place here in town and heard about Romy's here on Yelp! \nAs a big fan of BBQ, it was excellent ! I will definitely be going back and Romy's a very personable guy which makes it a great place !
Not bad at all.  The food is tasty, portions are large and prices are reasonable.  Avoid the Khus Shurbat drink, though---it simply tastes like Sprite, which is what they said they made it from.
Have purchased several pieces here and have been very pleased.  Their prices are fantastic.  And the quality is second to none.  Ask for Mordechai!!!
The fair is here ! The fair is here!
I don't really like huge corporate stores, but when the need arises to enter such store this place isn't bad.
Great find!! This is a perfect spot for a quick and tasty meal.  Don't let the fact it's in a strip mall keep you from trying this jewel of a restaurant.  The food is great and the staff is very friendly.
This place is total bullshit.\nIt is the worst food I have ever eaten.\nThese tortillas and chips are harder than a damn rock.\nThis place sucks, don't come here, save your money.
Excellent food and side dishes. Service was very slow. There was only one server. But never refilled our water until bringing us the check. Food made up for it. We will try it again and hopefully have better service. Used the $15 for $25 deal with no problem.
Place was crowded, parking sucks.  Drinks are weak. Ping Pong tables and paddles are worn out.  Cool Concept but they should ad more games. Staff was friendly.
no. no. no.  $5 credit card minimum.  no bathrooms . . . and you sell coffee? good brew but why bother having tables if you don't have a place for customers to go?
BEST carne asada tacos in AZ!!! Being Hispanic and growing up w/ good Mexican food, I have yet to find a spot that serves up carne asada better than this! The menu is inexpensive and TOTALLY worth it!
The food is amazing. A+
Wish their have more dishes on the menu ... The food is ok\nI have some noodles  the noodle look like italian pasta wrong noodles for a Japanese restaurant
Didn't really care for bbq beef brisket sandwich. Fries are good though, wish dey had fry sauce for there fries.
This is an upscale tapas joint. Spicy meatballs were great. Good wine. Pricier than normal tapas.
The Gyro combo is fantastic
Went for a tour which was incredibly packed with daycares since it is the summer but the workers handled it lovely. Pay the $10 to make a chocolate pizza, it is worth it. The chocolate is amazing and there is a large selection to choose from!
I did not try any of the main dishes, only sweets.  They where very very good and I would go back.  The service however was very slow.  It was not a busy day, it just seemed like my waiter was more interested in talking with the other staff members than checking on our table.
This place was awesome! The atmosphere was great. The burgers we got were perfect. I don't know how else to say the food was so yummy.
My son has been going here since he was 3 months old.  Yeah they get sick sometimes but what kid doesn't?   I enjoy the environment and staff and I know my soon to be 3 year old does too!  MGM and CCLC has made it easy and convenient for MGM employees to have their children taken care of.
On my way out of  Las Vegas, I stopped here at the airport location and ordered the Italian sub and it was so delicious and so meaty. I was not disappointed, I wish we had these in Chicago, Thanks
The food looks great, but it didn't taste fresh, my daughter's first time tasting chicken and waffles and the chicken had to be cooked in old oil.
Very clean, comfortable, and employs friendly and helpful people at the front desk. Their shuttle service from and to the airport was prompt.
Target corp needs to take a look at this location. It's way past its prime. Feels more like a Walmart. I suggest you Yelp for another Target in your area and stay away from this one.
They really made me happy when we got our flu shot for free.  Thats because we get ours on the military base for free.  So they didn't charge us. So they will see me every year, as long as there offering it to me for free.
the interior reminds me of Johnny Rockets. This place is alright for burgers and has good prices. If you are in the Southpoint casino and looking for reasonably priced food, its worth a stop. They also have seasoning for fries/burgers, but I didn't try it.
Never get my online order in less than an hour. I'm done!
I ordered the Primavera. So fabulous. Had bread with some oil pesto dip. Overcast November day,  great service. Couldn't have asked for more.
Nice atmosphere and people.  Really enjoyed the big Wally omelette! It is an interesting combination of Cream cheese sun dried tomatoes & scallions. The choices of sides are nice. The standard brew coffee does not stand out here as one might expect. An improvement  perhaps that  would be appropriate.
OK for a Starbucks. It's very busy, which makes it noisy and the staff hurried. The furniture, especially the armchairs, are comfortable and a decent place ti sit and read.
Was not impressed by anything here. We sat at the bar because of the long wait for a table, fries were decent but the burger tasted like charcoal and was expensive to boot. There are far better places to get a burger in Vegas!
Horribly slow service.  Waitress with attitude.  So so food that's waaaaay overpriced.
Thank goodness for Brooke at the brow lady! You saved my eyebrows and my day. I walked away looking amazing! I'm coming back and bringing all my friends and family. Love this salon!!!
I was disappointed that the flavor selection was the same as last week
There steak taco was good,but I wish that didn't put cabbage in the lettuce because I don't like cabbage. I like there chips and salas.  I wish they low there prices.
Great little Mexican place. The interior is very nice and updated. They have the best tortillas around and the prices are very good. If you haven't been here you should definitely check it out.
I was so excited to hear that PJ opened next to my work!  I love how trendy the decor is and the food is even better!  I could eat that grilled chicken and hummus everyday if I could!  Last time I tried the Grilled Veggie salad, it was a large portion and delish!
OK is really all I can say so far.  This is my second visit.  This time for lunch.  The food is good.  Service OK.  Just nothing to get excited about.  I was one of the younger people in the place...and I'm 60.  So, not sure.  My first visit was breakfast and it was much better.
Ok I get that you want to keep this place OG and all BUT...this place is durrrty and freaken stinks....\nBUT 3 stars for the bomb.com steak and eggs and prime rib special :) \nNext time Ill try the BBQ.
The food was great and the atmosphere/presentation was amazing as well.  The food has a unique urban touch but is still more or less traditional Thai.
Hands down best food, drinks and service!!! Best restaurant by far in Scottsdale! Highly recommend this place if you're looking for a good vibe, good food and awesome drinks. Must get the chicken tacos and a Mai tai, seriously the best I've ever had!
Full Disclosure:  this is your Captain speaking.  Join us on Lake Pleasant for wildflower season!  If you have been on one of our boat trips, PLEASE review your experience.  Come see the gorgeous lake and the wildlife!
$4.50 all you drink soda? You have got to be kidding me, and the server says \"you can drink all you want until 11 pm\".  To add insult to injury, it's not even alcoholic.  Water please, kthxby.
Appointment times seem to be arbitrary and it feels more like a first come first served basis.  After waiting for 30 minutes I had to cancel and leave.  Front desk was friendly enough but seemed disorganized and overworked.  I'll try again another day and update review if things are different.
Came in twice, wasn't impressed both times, poutine is not authentic had some pizza chimichanga things I came in once at 4pm and at 10:00pm same results. I tried!
Beware: Sadly our party of four received food poisoning from the calamari appetizer that wasn't completely cooked. Main dishes of lasagna, lamb shank, linguini with shrimp, and salmon were very good.
It's Portillos! What can I say? Super reliable, very good food! Always been a fan of their burgers and fries. \nFor the locals here, give it a try. This is probably as close to Chicago Food as you can find here.
Compared to the other places that I've been to in Vegas, this place tops them all! Very friendly and helpful staff. \n\nPssssssst. They're on Groupon. Definitely check it out!
Great food, fun and relaxed atmosphere, and excellent service :]
Tried Si Senor last night for dinner and definitely enjoyed the food! Love how spicy everything is. The chip platter is excellent and we loved the sopapillas after dinner.  Yum!!
One of my favorites
This is by far the most populated post office and the wait times just to pick up a package is long. I'm in line now on a Tuesday afternoon. Over 30 mins it's 1pm.
The food is delicious enough to eat every last bite of the large portions. Can't get enough!
I had really high expectations for this place but the food was overpriced & bland my lasagna tasted like it was made by Stouffers. The service was excellent the food nothing great.
I tried the green chili omelette and a caramel roll.  There are a number of pretty unique things on the menu, and everything that we tried was prepared well.  The setting is quite nice, an older house with a nice patio for outside seating.  I would definitely come back.
They are closed, out of business
Vernon....enough said. This young man took care of an emergency situation for my wife and I. Everyone was nice but Vernon was beyond nice. Just ask for Vernon.
Home of the terrible French Dip. It was made with philly steak, not sliced beef. Seasoned to taste like a Philly Steak sandwich. Service was put off by bartender Rebecca. She asked if she could get us anything else, I said ranch dressing, and she said \"I was talking to him\".
The sheer power and aura around this place for ten minutes helped finalize my decision to go to UW-Madison. I wanted to be there. The setting is that good.\nEnough said.
Visited area and place was recommended.   I found it difficult to find.  Service was very slow and entries for our group came at random times.  Would not recommend for a group.  Also visited ladies room and found a waitress only quickly rinsing hands using NO   soap.  This concerned me and I would not recommend.
One of the best meals we ever had.  Can't rave about it enough. The VIP martini was awesome. Rochelle was our waitress and she was great. Must try this restaurant if you are in Vegas. Not cheap though so bring a full wallet.
Great old world service! Use Priceline to book your room. Become an Omni rewards member before you arrive to avoid the wifi fee ($10/night). Food and the room service rocks!
My stay at the Encore, was amazing! I enjoyed every bit of it from the moment we pulled up to vallet my car, to the moment we checked out.  We got the panoramic view suite & the view was amazing!
My friend ordered fake shrimp and didn't like it. I had fake veggie beef and loved it. Very tasty and even the texture resembled beef.
Amazing veg!  Well worth stopping in for some great food & coffee!!!
Mongorian beef is good. Flied lice isn't all that, could use some flavor.
Good for what it is. Super greasy comfort Mexican food. Service is OK but could be quicker and more attentive. I would probably recommend other Mexican food places over this one most days but its nice on occasion.
This Target makes me feel like i'm in a Walmart, not a good thing! The whole layout is cramped and there is no Pizza Hut Express. Service is slow and staff doesn't want to help :(
I recommend the goat cheese flatbread, wings and avocado stack but we didn't care for the hummus or the short ribs.
Cool place, but I was expecting a lot more from the Gerbers.  Drinks were good and the bartender was nice.
Best mani ever! Gina was friendly and thorough. Shop is clean and comfortable. Manager asked for my name and actually remembered it. Totally going back for my next mani.
The brisket was dry and flavorless, the baby back ribs had hardly any meat on them, the coleslaw was also bland. Considering they just opened... If this is the best it's going to be then I'm not impressed.
Friendly staff. Decent food spoiled with NYC Tao I guess there is just no place like home
Good food, excellent drinks, and great patio\n\nThe taco's are interesting and flavourful but not my first pick for upscale taco joint.\n\nThe decor is amazing, the patio is really nice for an evening out.
the rooms look ok i guess... but the ipod docks really didn't work in the room. not that many asian people here. this place caters to people who like rock music.
This Airport Terminal 4 location is a great place to grab some good food to take on a flight. Besides a great selection of goodies like cookies and brownies, they have fresh salads and sandwiches. \n\nNote that this is a \"grab and go\" location - no seating.
A bit pricy but I love the variety.
Jong loses your clothes then screams at you when HE can't find them!  DO NOT GO HERE!!!
Here to have a massage with Rich by far the best massage therapist I've ever had here.  Wow amazing as usual.
One of our touchstones in Vegas. Consistent, well priced fare. Good place to chill and relax while watching the Fountains at Bellagio in the background. Not fussy but not a diner. Bistro vibe in a restaurant setting.
I had given up on it for a bit, but we gave in and tried it again last night...and I have to say everything was delicious.  :)\n\nMuch happier this time around, hopefully the consistency is there because we will try them again soon.
Chang Jiang is good, solid Americanized Chinese food. It's not the best Chinese take out I've had, but it works.
The lion habitat is definitely one of those cool free things to see on the strip though the lions are generally lazing around and not doing anything exciting. They did spoon while we were there and one lion bonked the other on the head, so cute!
Well..I have to say I actually love this place but I was sad this evening when I went there for dinner but only to find it closed?!?  I found a sign on the door that says closed until a new permit is granted.  Not sure what happened.
...Food does not taste good, wait for a long time, I dont  want back again...
A bit much for adults, but great for the young ones.  Lots of animated animals and large fish tanks.  Food is amusement park fare to match the ambiance.  A bit pricey if you don't appreciate the showmanship of the place.  Fine for families but not for a date in my view.  Service was very slow.
Asian airport food - what more could you expect. I wish I ate at Paradise Bakery & Cafe next door.
I'm pretty sure this place has either closed or moved.  When I called the number listed, it was disconnected.  MY GPS led me to a strip mall but no Knit Las Vegas was in that strip mall.
Appears that they are changing over their staff. Much friendlier than before. They recently replaced Mandarin Chicken with the better tasting Teriyaki Chicken.
Good place to go for nice mature fun. Good music and good people.
I just love the Mongolian beef, I order it every time I get take out.
Fajitas with burnt vegetables and a chx quesadilla with 8# of cheese, zero vegetables. I'll pass.
Not a fan. I question their ingredients and ethics. The women working there are all extremely rude. Certainly lacking in customer service!
Poor service, slow to get food and drinks. When we finally received food most of ours were cold.
best library ever...clean, good programs, pretty inside, and the cafe~!
The best underground house music by far between Vegas, LA, and San Diego. Now if they would only get rid of the hip hop room, this club would be the best and I would rate it 5 stars. The only place I have found that has Ibiza style music...thank god!
I like the fact that this location is clean and organized, but the inventory is poor and runs low on merchandise often.
You have absolutely got to try this place. It is awesome! The crepes are amazing!!!!! It is family owned so you automatically feel welcome when you walk in. I honestly can't stop thinking about the next time I get to come back! This place is a MUST!
I get a kick out of all the hipsters here.  Their pork belly sliders were amazing!  I also enjoyed a coffee drink with whiskey.  I wish their TV over the bar was a little better so I could watch the Suns game more clearly.
I feel like no one works here because I spent 15 minutes walking around to see if someone could help me look for something. All I saw were cashiers and one guy who helped out everyone. Just one. \n\nThe supply area wasn't very organized either.
Get the daily pasta special.. Can't beat it. Skip salad and dessert-won't have room
Grabbed a slice before we saw zarkana and were very pleasantly surprised. Amply sized slice for the casino-price. Great taste and VERY cheesy like I like it.
I agree with all of the reviews of this place.   It is over hyped.  Yea the view is great but as with most restaurants with a view the food never lives up to it.  Please try Isabella or even Monteray bay before shelling out le cash for le mont.
Good food, decent prices. I've never had a bad meal, but I've never been amazed. The beer, however, is awesome. I love the czech pilsner!
Nice room layout.  Super comfortable bed.  Large flat screen TV.  Quick check in.  Nice bathtub.  Great pool.  Nice service.  Fastest internet I have had away from home in a long time.  No complaints.  Easy, peasy.
Great place !!!! Great service !!!! Reasonable prices .. If you're ballin on a budget this is the place to be !!
Our very first visit and I couldn't be more pleased! Excellent food, very friendly owner and staff. I can't believe I've lived in this area for three years and have only just now discovered it. If you like middle eastern food don't miss this little gem. You won't be disappointed!
CALLLLINNNGGGG ALLLLLLLLL  COOOUUGGGGGAAARRSS WELLL GUYS WITH FALSE TEETH TOO   omg   yuck  i have not seen leather thigh high boots in over 10 yrs  lol
SkyZone is wonderful family fun! We have attended several birthday parties, hosted our own party and just gone to jump many times and each experience has been great! The kids love the fun and I love how clean it is. The staff is friendly and does a good job at monitoring. I'd highly recommend SkyZone!
Blah. Tacos and empanadas are not up to par. I would not even compare it to the Filbertos on every corner of Phoenix. Very Americanized tacos, which lacks flavor and spice.
The best! This place is so delicious. It's small so expect a wait, but well worth it.
Horrible place to stay. Had to wait 45 mins to check in. There was a club outside our windows and the music didn't stop thumping til 3ish in the morning. The bathroom was dirty and there were stains everywhere. Will never return to this place.
This has always been my favorite Chinese Restaurant in the Pgh area. Food is consistently very good - General Tso's is tender, not the shoe leather I sometimes get at other places. Steamed dumplings, wonton soup, lo-mein, all terrific.
Awful service awful food. So disappointing, other locations are significantly better.
No fans or air conditioning in bathrooms.  You will sweat like a pig!
closed when they should be open on a thursday. Hours of operation in the window and no other sign indicating why it was not open when it should have been, a real shame because my boyfriend and I were from out of town and this was somewhere we wanted to check out before heading home. LAME
As a sushi connoisseur, I believe Jade serves some of the best sushi in Charlotte. It is fresh and has exceptional flavor--however, it is also a tad pricey. Even still, the cost is worth it, as their cherry blossom rolls are to die for.
Super honest and I really trust them to do 100%! Highly recommend.
Turkey avocado on French country will change your views on what a sandwich is capable of...it's that good. Top it off with raspberry bread pudding and your taste buds will thank you profusely:)
I think I'm the only person who doesn't like these.  I think Sprinkles is way too sweet and sometimes too dry.  The flavors are good but the execution is weak.  Plus they are expensive.
I purchase all of my protein shakes and bars here as well as some other supplements. The staff is great,super friendly, but the store can not stay stocked up on a few items that I purchase weekly.
The food options are spread out, expensive, and impersonal.  The service at US Airways is impolite, and the entire experience is stressful.  This used to be my favorite airport, but now I find it nothing but a hassle.
Went here for a child's bday party! Very inexpensive and fun for all ages! Highly recommend.
Very dirty place.\nThe bussers stroll around with big smelly carts with food leftovers between the tables to collect dirty dishes. DISGUSTING!! \n\nThe food was OK but not great.\nThey had crab legs.
5 stars for the large sampler , fresh , tasty and big portion!\n\n2-star goes for my Surf&Turf  due to the unchewable lobster..very disappointed since it should not have happened in such a noted restaurant
Stopped for lunch with my daughter she had the spaghetti and I had the calzone. HUGE servings! The food was good but honestly have has better Italian. Staff was great it was a good experience will come back for lunch again.
I'm from out of town and just happened to stop by this place after a baseball game in the afternoon to soak up some air conditioning and let me tell you.... the food in this place is awesome. Very tasty and perfect portions. Definitely stopping by here next time I'm in town.
I've never been in a gamestop with rude staff. I don't know how they find these teenagers, but gamestop has some of the friendliest staff on the planet. Furthermore I'm very impressed with their knowledge. They must have an excellent staff training program.
Decent cheap Chinese food. Everything is on the greasy side as they use lots of MSG.
Ok, I broke down n decided to go spend over $3 ea for a cup cake, one vegan (double chocolate) n a cherry ..it was good, but nothing to go back to.
Great find. Tucked away in the tunnel under MGM. Neopolitan-style pizza. Tasty ingredents. No alcohol which was my only disappointment. Will be back.
Hype for no reason. Service is ok, food is alright. I expected more after hearing about Curry Corner. There are far better options in the area.
This was okay, but I've definitely had better!
Visited Yellowtails last night and had a great time as usual. The sushi is always spot on, great sashimi, very fresh. Ken, the owner, makes everyone feel at home and the waitresses are cool too. Good happy hour where the Saki Bombers flow. Can't go wrong with this place.
Well I have to say for a court I was treated fair and had no issues with anything. The judge I had was very professional and I feel I was treated fairly by him.
Loved the food. We had the chicken fried rice ,lo mein, and egg rolls. Everything was tasty and the staff was friendly.
I am not a buffet fan, but this is the buffet you have to try when you are in Las Vegas. No queue for Platinum Marriott member is a big big plus, I don't think I will queue for more than 15 minutes for ANYTHING!
Nothing remarkable.  The food is good, as with any PF Changs, but the value is questionable.  Service is slow probably because of volume and location.  This is not a destination for locals, but if you are visiting from Ohio and staying near by you may enjoy this restaurant.  If you have a rental car there are other, better options nearby.
Good food. Good value. Good service. Enough said :) The only downfall is that it's not close to home...
I found Jessica on YELP, I was in town for a wedding, she is friendly, makes you feel very comfortable and I came out with a gorgeous spray tan that lasted a very long time.  I will visit her again when I'm back in town!
Me and my wife went with our friends who had already been once before. I was impressed with the pulled pork and brisket but the sides were sub-par. The dirty rice was odd flavored and the mac&cheese was  bland and mushy. I would eat there again but not very often.
Super fast and friendly.  Needed to re-key 5 locks, and the guy was here in an hour and done in under 40 minutes.  Came with 2 keys for the locks.  Much cheaper than buying 5 new locks for the house.
This particular Starbucks is larger than the one at Ellsworth, however the service and staff are not as pleasant. \n\nDrinks are done well most of the time, but never feel like they are friendly as other stores are, especially when handing over a Gold Card.
What you'd expect from a chain Mediterranean (?) restaurant.  It's good, but not authentic or amazing.   Just wish they had a full bar like the one downtown.
The food is tasty. The restaurant and decor are fine. Service is very good. I am only rating three stars because the portions are stingy.
I could eat at Swish every day! The food is really good and I've never been unhappy with the service. I highly recommend the Kobe Beef \"Hungry Plate\"
One of the best around.
I believe this is the correct Freed's location I visited. Cakes were good, cookies ok. Nothing spectacular. I was visiting family with friends and they had found and drooled over their cakes on the website. I've had better.
nice fat, succulent gyro sandwich, w/rice & drink for $9.99 .  best homemade taziki i ever had. been here once & will eat here anytime. nice, clean operation & the 4 employees i encountered were hella-nice.  ok dolmades.
They were very nice and friendly!! Will be back for sure!! They even got my mom to do it for the first time and she loved it.:-) the massage was awesome!!
Soak toilet paper noodles and the broccoli in the vegetarian pho felt like they were cut using a dog :) \nenough said ... \nThe server was a really cool dude late at night ...
my all-time favorite attraction in vegas. if you are staying at the cosmopolitan (or can somehow finagle your way up to the rooftop pool), the best arial view of the show (every 15 minutes) can be seen from here.
Food was terrible, but the candles were real, not those electronic ones. That was cool. \n\nMusic was in Spanish, not Portuguese.
I had heard about how good this place was and when there was a deal on HOmerun..i bought it..I have had many facials and was surprised to learn something new about my skin..awesome and informative facial!!!!!
Like the food when they have it available...twice no Caesars Chix and tonight no Carbonera
Not really the greatest pizza place. The marinara doesnt really taste like marinara... But overall not bad... Dont know if I'd come here again tho...
It took a long time to get our food.  I was the first one seated.  And no on was even there upon arrival.  Still saw other people that came in after me eating before we got ours.  I finally got it to go.   The food was NOT GOOD.  :(
Very yummy food, great service, the owner really cares about his customers and their wants/needs. Highly recommend for quality Mediterranean food!
Great service and amazing hot dogs!!
Their sandwiches just miss.\n\nThe pastrami, steak and turkey are plentiful, but flavorless.\n\nI have had better at other Capriotti's and certainly at other sandwich shops.
Just had a nice tall frosty cocktail and awesome mini corn dogs and mozzarella sticks!!  Yummy!!
RW&B is one of our favorite restaurants! The food is always fantastic and everyone is always so nice :) I just wish they would build one on the west side of town!
Stopped here for some oysters before Cirque's Elvis show.  They were $2 each and they were beautiful! OMG, we could have eaten them for days.  The sauces they came with were delicious too. Can't wait to go back and try other dishes.
Amazing warm banana nut bread and delicious potatoes! The omelettes are huge...consider sharing. Coffee is not the best but everything else makes up for it. Friendly service and cozy place....the restaurant is inside a shopping center not to be confused by the sign.
I had an amazing experience here on Friday night! The pizza & salad were delicious, the beer was perfect and service was prompt. I can't wait to go back again!
Delish!  Can't say enough about their BUTTERMILK PIE!  Yum!
Excellent service, items delivered on time.  The initial delivery was two chairs short, but with one phone call, the missing items were delivered promptly and with a smile.  Our guests thought our party decor looked great.  I wouldn't hesitate to use RSVP again.
They make a decent pizza with ample toppings and a chewy crust. Better, their sauce is sweet!
I was in the office for an hour and a half due to waiting intervals in between routine eye exam tests. Don't know if other places would be faster or about the same.
Extremely disappointing!!! We were a table of four and it took well over an hour after we placed our order. What's worse is it was not worth the wait. Portions are small, price ridiculous, flavor bland. It was a complete bust.
My boyfriend and I went last Friday night.  The service was good; we were seated right away and the wait staff was attentive.  However, the food was sub-par and expensive!  I've had much better thai for much less money at smiling banana leaf, thai me up or nicky's.  Try one of those instead.
Not terrible, but many other better choices in the Valley for American Chinese food.  The soups did not have enough substance (i.e., mostly broth) and three of our four mains tasted the same.  The only standout was the twice cooked pork, which I asked to be extra spicy (and it was).
Visiting from south texas and wanting some home comfort food. This place is fantastic! Lunch plates were well served and food was delicious!  We loved the salsa bar. The best plate was the Chile relleno stuffed with queso fresco and topped with red salsa. Will definitely be returning when visiting this beautiful state!
Not amazing, not terrible. The green bean fries are pretty good but the rest of the menu is blah.
Great place for a quick breakfast! Service was fast and friendly and it's location is not too far off the strip. Prices are all below $10 for a sandwich, panini etc. They even spelled my name right...my kind of place :)
I am new to Las Vegas. I was not happy with recent my color and cut, so I went to Yelp and found Josephine Skaught. Allison did my hair today.  She is amazing! She consulted me, asked me questions, made recommendations and was very thorough. She fixed the color and I walked out feeling amazing!
Overrated in my opinion. It's not bad but not great, especially if you have to consider price.  Nothing extraordinary.
Average to good diner. Nothing more.\nPancakes are good, bacon unfortunately tasteless. They have good dinner deals but a overwhelming menu. Not the best sign.\nCoffee far better than most diners but tends to be pricier. Maybe quite OK for LV
Been here twice and it has the best burger I have ever tastes in my entire life. For $18, the Gold Standard is the shiznitobam!
this place is amazing! Way cheaper then other ones around, super fast service, super super fast! Love my new fancy bejeweled home button! for just $30some bucks\n :) very professional
Had bagels there today and would not recommend it. Two employees just stood around but did not realize that coffee was empty. The egg sandwiches are heated in the microwave and taste substandard. I actually got sick a while after I ate there.
Not a great buffet but the best one (for the $) I've found since moving to the area. Better selection than any of the others around and very economical.
We love Mellow, esp during happy hour! The pretzels and pizza are awesome! Karma if my fav. Like that we can bring our young kids, there's always lots of other families there. Wish they had HH on weekends too. The staff is always super friendly and very helpful.
Overall I'm a fan of their pizza. Nice thin crust, sauce has a good taste, and the toppings were plentiful and fresh. I'll definitely be going back.
Like a motel with a golf course. Except you don't have to park 15 minutes away from your room at a motel. No room service no spa.
Kitchy, very kitchy. \n\nTheir selection of \"old time\" candies is pretty good though. i liked how their sign said \"Come remember when...: and we heard every single person say \"Remember this?\". The staff was very nice as well.
Lobster Bisque is the business. Bartender John was attentive and had a great demeanor and personality. Good experience all around.
Pushy salespeople.  Nice facility.  Overrun by jocks.  Juice bar.  Pushy salespeople.  Great running track. It'll do.
The Place is closed. Too bad - Although it is a monster chain restaurant - it was a nice chain.
Hawaii style food!  Great food! Local Hawaii people all over the place.  It's great that at breakfast  you can order anything on the menu.  To bad the cashier has little if any \"aloha spirit\".
Love the server she was excellent. The place was expensive for what you get in comparison to other places and the meals themselves came out average.
The food was good but the customer service was the worst. No class, no positivity, no PRIVACY. Touched one of my friends & said rude words toward them. I told myself I would only write positive reviews but this was just unpleasant.
The air-conditioning in this location is inappropriately dysfunctional.  It is been abnormally hot inside this coffeeshop for multiple years and they need to work with the management company and resolve it. It is frustrating for me because I live across the street and I would spend more time here if it was a comfortable environment.
Some of the best food in the area. Great selection of wines and very personable staff. Comfy atmosphere and great ambiance.
Great food w/ Eastern European flair.  In fact, that's where the owner is from.  The patio is the best part with a great view of the skyline.  Great spot for cool casual dining.  Good drink specials.  I love this place...no complaints!
Ok tacos and margaritas.  Nothing to write home about
I enjoy eating at mimi's cafe. I try to go there at least 1 or 2 times monthly. Breakfast, lunch or dinner you can always count on great food, service and atmosphere while dining with friends, family or even by yourself.
This show was fantastic! It's rare that I have such a great time at a family friendly show. I would definitely come see this again. Truly entertaining!!
Horrible. Do not go here. Well at least not in the later hours. The service was HORRIBLE. The food wasn't good. Overall a waste of time and money.
The salt and pepper shrimp was tasty, but I prefer it chrunchier; crab and sweet corn soup was great; and the szechuan chicken was just right.  Service was friendly but slow, even when there were not a lot of people at the restaurant.  I prefer Manor over Chop Chop and Golden Dragon.
We ate here in February and we all enjoyed our food. We all ordered omelets this time and were disappointed. The egg was fully cooked with the ingredients stuck in the middle and the Denver omelette had more cheese than egg! Too much.
This is a really pretty place that is multiple levels. I didnt get a chance to try any of their drinks, but its definitely a nice place to lounge in. I cant wait until I go back to Vegas so I can re-visit and have some drinks.
All in all its just fun pizza.
Customer service is non-existent. TINY PORTIONS and HIGH PRICES. I have been several times and they have yet to get my order right on the first attempt.
It's rare that I give anything 5 stars.  The freshness, preparation, and delivery are nothing short of outstanding at this place.  Also the employees are nice and you get the feeling that they are very proud of their food. Most 4 1/2 star places don't deserve high marks to me. They do!
This is where all of the village idiots work.
I came for the lamb taco, stayed for the great service, and will return for the steak taco! Great place!
Good food and service! Worth trying. Looking forward to warmer weather to enjoy the patio.
This is our go-to pizza takeout.  The wings are nicely sized and always loaded with sauce.  The pizza is always tasty with a crispy crust.  Giant pizza and loads of wings at a great price.
$4.00 for an espresso that tastes stale and burnt. I believe next time I'll take my money elsewhere.
When I called for delivery they said it would take an hour and a half, I thought that was a long time, but we weren't that hungry yet.  After 2 hours and 20 minutes they finally arrived, with cold food.  They didn't offer a discount or any way to make it right.
overpriced and just deli meat, nothing special
Decent burger, even better fries. Lousy service - waitress hardly came to check on us and the burgers took a long time. And they charge $2 to split a burger but won't even plate it separately for you. That's kind of ridiculous.
Fourth purchase with superstition jeep and obviously I'm impressed. Charlie and Miguel are quite the team. They cut the BS, got a deal done quick and fairly.
very trendy mexican resturant that has horrible service from old ladies who can't hear or move fast enough to keep your drinks filled.  and the place smells very bad.  i suggest a little remodeling along with some spring cleaning.
La Shis KaBOMB !\n\nCheap...fresh....excellent flavors...nice people !!\n\nYa just cannot beat it !
Server took ten minutes to come to the table. Spinach dip came out very cold. How hard is it to microwave? Meal came out wrong as well.  Overall, generic and poor execution.
In my opinion this place is very over priced.  They are the only Mexican restaurant in the area and they know it.  The people are very nice and the service is decent. I guess if your out in the country and your hungry for some Mexican this place will do.
We stayed here for one night. It was a pleasant stay. There is a lot to do and much of it is kid friendly. Our room was nice. I can't say much else, since we spent most of our time elsewhere.
Inexpensive. Some good deals. Lots of regulars. Friendly family owned.
Cupcakes are tasty, beautiful and HUGE!  I served them for our annual holiday party, and they disappeared (usually I have lots of leftover desserts!) - will be back again soon.
Tasteless! The food is tasteless (vindaloo, masala). First time tasteless Indian. Moreover just a single \"slice\" of bread included. It is also overpriced. Man very nice, girl very unfriendly. The quality if raw material I think is good, but the overall result really disappointing
Service was pretty good. Very nice waiter. But the sushi was way over priced. I expected the greatest sushi ever for the price, but it was nothing special.
Place has improved recently and some good stuff can be found. Easy parking glad to have this as an option for second hand.
Walked in, and we were the only patrons. I ordered the mjadara, which is a dish of lentils and rice, they brought us sausages. When we pointed this out, the waitress insisted that our sausages were lentils and rice. Uhhh.
This was a great tour!  Our guide Walker was very knowledgeable and customized the experience to make it most interesting to our group.  A fun and scenic trip through the Tonto National forest with a lot of historical information.  Thank You!
Just had lunch with group of 7... Everyone raved on their selection.  Burrito, tacos, mushroom quesadilla, adovado sandwich and great pour on wine.\nService was great...only down fall is no separate checks...we will return.
This Place is a disgrace Never come here again \nlook at what i found in the soup \na ROACH!!!!
One of my favorite places to go in the area , but you need to know what to order. The lamb shank is the best dish on the menu. The service varies, sometimes it's excellent at other times it is impossible to get a fork.
Their main menu consists of Pizza with a small selection of antipasto, and salads. This establishment has a following; always has a wait on the weekends. Decent wine list. TV at the bar. Pizza is good. Service is good! Great outdoor seating and an area for large groups.
Not very good and I've spent a lot of time in the fat market. Sandwiches are over complicated and not really sure how they come up with them. I'm sure the place stays open for the hungover crowd. The ingredients are nothing special so not sure if a simpler sandwich would be good. They do have fast delivery.
I enjoyed it 1st time around when I found it to be pricey. 2nd time $65 Easter Sunday. It was more expensive. Nothing different from the 1st time. Lobster bisque was so salty. Quality of the majority of food deteriorated as well. There's so many other new places to try. Won't be going back.
One star for the soda and clean bathroom...but are you kidding me...this place brought back memories of school and their \"hot lunches\". Very disappointing for 22 bucks each. Stomachs were upset all night. Time to revamp Luxor!
Ehh not that impressed,  the milkshake was.. a milkshake, nothing especially heavenly about it. the girl who made it wasn't very welcoming,  just as well going to paiges
Went here last night and it was fantastic!! The quality of the ingredients really showed and the prices were very low. I had the Malibu bbq chicken pizza and I loved it. The service was quick and very friendly as well. Definitely give it a try!
I haven't had a problem eating here yet been there several times and I've got what I ordered, its been correct with no issues!
This is my favorite sandwich shop. The italian sub is always amazing. I want to try some of the other subs, but the italian always calls my name. Caps is much better then potbelly and jimmy johns.
This was my second and most likely last time attending this restaurant.  Reason for this statement is our waitress topped off my glass of water with water from a glass not a pitcher. Who fills a patrons glass like that?
Good God! How did this place rate \"$$\"??? \n\nBaltimore Crab Cakes $34\nWith a red cabbage slaw, remoulade sauce\nand Belgian pommes frites\n\nFOR LUNCH?!!
3 stars when sober and 5 at bar time. Their selection of crazy pizzas is great and the new salad bar looked amazing. I prefer the lasagna pizza from Pizza De Roma but Ian's is a close second and always a crowd pleaser.
Be warned...this place is really expensive for lunch. The meat dishes are all around $25 each.  We ended up walking out before ordering because it was more that we wanted to spend for lunch.
If you want excellent Chinese food you have to go to J. Y. Chang's. There are no other viable options in the area.
Great sushi! I was in town for Fiesta Bowl and stopped by for lunch. Service was excellent. Sushi presentation was beautiful and the quality was first rate. Nice selection and choices.
I thought that the food was very greasy and heavy...\n\nThe service was a tad slow, but thats okay with me...
Great atmosphere n great food. \nOn the pricey side.
Interesting store, cute clothes, definitely not my type of store since it only sells women's products.
Having been to all 3 BabyStacks in Las Vegas, I'd say this is a very nice building and location compared to the other two. Food at the original is still the best, but this location's is of good quality as well. Great when you just have to have some Red velvet pancakes
5 stars baby. Not because it's fine dining..because its the BEST hot dog /fixins you will ever eat! I'm a anti processed meat, health food nut & even I cannot deny my mouth the amazing mix of warm/cold/crunchy/soft yumminess of cheffinis!
Nice Staff. Always a good night at Harolds.
I have been using this clinic for over 20 years.   Being active in many different sports and outdoor activities I often have need for a chiropractor.  They are always professional, friendly and go out of their way to see me. Even adjusting me on a weekend at the Dr's home a time or two when I'd badly thrown something out.
My favorite Mexican joint. Oh so good.
This is the best chinese food that I have found in Charlotte so far. It meets the standard of the Chinese food up North.  Of course many places in New York still have them beat but they hold their own here.  Their food is fresh, hot and tastes like good quality Chinese take out.
This place is great! Awesome decor! Great lineup of draft beer and wine. A menu that is exotic yet delicious. Great location in Tempe!
Super delicious! Only complaint was the wait! Will be back for the Nutella crepe
Great atmosphere,  great wine, great owner. Couldnt ask for anythibg better in a neighborhood bar. Highly recommended, happy hour is even better!
Sorry, I love to try new things and perhaps I just ordered EVERYTHING wrong. But combined with the sewage smell when you walk in, the flavor of the meats being \"off\" I just can't recommend this to any other person.
This place has one of the largest menus I've seen in a while. To top it all off the food is pretty frickin' good. The burgers are better than many other chain restaurants I've tried. The pizza is surprisingly great. And the appetizers are good enough to make it a main meal.
Love it, lots o flavors to choose from and they are all good. Yummy! Places like this makes me miss Phoenix on those hot summer nights.
Okay so Panda Express sucks more than this place, if that gives you any idea of the quality and taste.
Don't come here if you're in a time crunch. And $25 for a mediocre-at-best sandwich and coke? I don't care if it is sit down. No thanks. Skip this place.
There was a hair in my first slice that was long and dark (not my hair). The cheese is like rubber, not cheese-y. I'd rather spend my money at clockwork pizza or big boys pizza; they are comparable in price but exponentially better in quality and taste
This was a very clean place but the service was not that great. When it was time for the birthday song the server did not have the cake out. Also she was asking us questions while were trying to take pictures of our child with the top cheese Chuckie.
I wish these were on every corner like Starbucks! This place pretty much takes the cake over Starbucks! Their coffee isn't overwhelming and they have my favorite drink everrrrrrr  which is the Iced tropical tea latte! It's absolutely delicious!! Yum! I urge everyone to try that drink!
beware of the billing dept.  I currently have a $9,000 + mistake that I have to deal with which i'm sure will be a nightmare to resolve.\n\nAlso appointments have been changed without notification.\n\nThis is the Mesa office
Meh. MSG overload. Cheap and mediocre food. What really annoyed me was the waiter who threw the piece of paper  and walked away without telling what to do with it. It was to place your order in it. The food is nothing special, boring.
I love this place but the only reason why I didnt give it 5 stara is b/c it doesnt have a lot of vegan snack/desert options as the other Whole Foods. In my opinion, the Whole \nFoods on the strip and on Lake Mead are the best in town.
Great Burgers! Really fun place to stop by for a burger. Everything is fresh, well prepared and a lot of options for toppings and prep. The double burger is ridiculous! A little pricey compared to In-N-Out right next door.
Horrible place. We ordered the ribs and chicken tender with garden salad and home fries. The garden salad has rotten leaves. I just cannot believe it. The ribs are tasteless. I feel like eating cardboard. I would not recommend this place to anyone
Pretty bad. Wow. Marriott should be embarrassed.
I can't give this place five stars because it can be a bit loud and seats are a bit scarce, but it certainly has everything else I want from a pub in Edinburgh: nice location, awesome guest ales and the best whisky selection this side of town.\n\nWhat else do you need?
Tried this place for 1st time & wasn't that impressed - French toast was ok quesadilla ok burger ok - average at best :/\nSlightly disappointed after reading the other reviews - was expecting a better experience
Pretty disappointed! Visually the restaurant looked nice. The food on the other hand was a different story. The Dinuguan that I ordered barely had \"meat\" on it! Was mostly pieces of Fat/Lard and it was not served warm/hot. Would not go back there again!!
Every time I've ever been to this location I've been disappointed by the staff who are very rude. I only go here if I need to buy something that only they sell, other than that I avoid this location!
This show is not for the faint of heart but for the rest of us it is awesome. It is the perfect combination of amazing acts and raunchy humor. We got the VIP tickets which provided a perfect view and a little personal space. This is definitely a must see.
Good people watching and consistently tasty food; nothing particularly special but they offer a well rounded meal. Average service, bonus points for affordable wine list.
We come here solely for their custards.  It's delicious and quite caloric.  Did  I say delicious?  Good service, too.  Very polite staff.  The rest of their food is OK.  Probably more like 3 stars but I generally am not a fan of fast food.
Service has been horrible all 3 times we have been here.  The food is ok, but overpriced!  Not a bad place to drink as long as you don't drink fast!
Just your average Chinese food, I like their main dishes but their rice is always tasteless. Definitely always the last option on my list of places to go. Very quick service though.
Unfortunately this place has closed.
Horrible food, worse music, inattentive staff and overpriced drinks. No wonder they closed.
This place has got the specials!!! and their supreme is on point. crust is fluffy, and the staff has got 'tude, which is essential in order to be a new york style pizzeria. great place for pizza!
even better, they now take cards!
I dislike this specific Starbucks a lot, my drink is always made wrong. Staff Is awesome but drinks wise, not the best.
Great fresh food! We will definitely be returning!
Always yummy! Although the food is cheap, there is no slacking off in quality. The milkshakes in particular are outstanding (I usually get the mint Oreo).
Large portions, great taste but the service is a bit lacking.
Great Christmas eve dinner! Margaritas were ok, fajitas were excellent! Service was great. A fellow yelper recommended the guacamole... Stick with the chips and three tasty salsas... Especially the chipotle!
Went in for a windshield rock chip repair and it turned out adequately.  Left a little residue on the outside that is visible but it was all charged to my insurance, so that's good.  They even through in a full car wash.
Mei and Kim are amazing!  My first time there and were so busy and got me in within  5 mins!  They are amazing!  The rewards program is also a bonus! Def would recommend them!!
What a great place, a hidden gem. I had the works breakfast with nutty French toast. The bacon had a nice smokey flavor. The French toast was amazing, it reminded me of my grandmothers pecan sticky rolls.  I will definitely be back.
I was lucky enough to vist this Shushi bar on Sunday when they were not to busy. The Staff was very friendly and services was quick. Order two or three rolls and cumcumber salad it was enough to fill two people up. Prices are fair for Shushi.
The Pita Jungle in Tempe is by far the best PJ around!  Love their food - the hummus is the best I've ever had.
The food and service was great! We especially enjoyed Rich and his right-on recommendations. The atmosphere is very relaxed. I will recommend the restaurant to friends.
Had the filet and chicken habachi. I was impressed w the quality of the filet and chicken along w the generous portions. The waitress was on the ball w keeping our waters full along and the huge bottles of saki coming.
c'mon bro. you know i had to eat here. but they had the skimpiest menu ever. had maybe like 4 items. wtf. service was good as usual for panda. and this place was large but their items weak. where is my chicken and potato or chicken and string beans??
It's simple, if you end up here you made a bad decision. The promoter offered us free drinks, and free rides and we got neither of those. When you confront the staff they  blow you off and your instantly to intoxicated.
Yucky greasy food.
Monster jam XV world finals march 2014.  Perfect location for 32 10,000 pound monster trucks to do their stuff.  70+ mph monster trucks doing back flips and double back flips , front rolls and jumps 50 feet in the air 200 feet long.  It is AWSOME
Would not suggest this to anyone. Burger King is more expensive for a burger that this place and there is a reason for that, there burgers are way better. moved to Buckeye a short while ago and had to try it, won't be a second time...\nJohn H.
My fianc\u00e9e had her phone and wallet stolen out of her purse while it was on her shoulder. Needless to say the manager was neither sympathetic nor helpful. If you want to get robbed, this is your place.
This place is great if you know what to order. I wouldn't say that they are 100% authentic, but there are enough to satisfy most Chinese.
Same report as others. Grumpy desk manager and they tried to sell me unnecessary services. The store manager needs some customer service lessons. Go to Big O tire down the road near Grand!!!
So it's my vacation! We went to Rehab & it's awesome! We also went to Bare & I love it :):):) but Wet republic sucks!!! I thought it's goin to be fun but No! Crew was very rude! Not relaxing at all:(
The staff is absolutely friendly. It's like home!!! The fish is very fresh and they can make anything you want. The selection of sake is pretty big, the price are not bad and you don't have to wait forever to get your food. I highly recommend.
beer and wings, what could be better? Barro's does it the right way....well almost the right way. A waitress would be nice instead of having to go up to the counter for a beer.
WARNING! KEEP YOUR RECEIPTS AND CHECK YOUR CREDIT CARD STATEMENTS. I got charged 86 dollars when I only signed for 17. I called and the manager was able to fix it for me. But something like this should not have happened in the first place.
I love this place.\nfrom the first time i ate here the food has always been amazing.\nthe staff is great and amazing prices.\ni'll always eat at the monte carlo.
This is a very good Chinese restaurant, we have gone there for years. I am shocked by the bad reviews and would suggest you ignore them, this is good Chinese food!
Probably the best Greek spot I have ever had hands down and the family that owns it is the nicest ever. Gyros and spanakopita is a must and they're baklava omg!!!
AMAZING FOOD, even better service! The chef customized special veggie dishes for us, our waitress was awesome and the food was the most authentic & amazing Mexicano food we've ever had, move over dos cominos!
Horrible. Place has gone downhill. Items are either overcooked or undercooked. Staff doesn't seem to care. Slow service.
Good Korean cuisine!  I have not tried the sushi, but I found them to have excellent galbi, bulgogi, and kimchi.  It is a rather casual place, perfect for campus clientele.  It is easily within walking distance from the University of Illinois campus.
Open pretty late which is awesome and they have the best hamburgers ever i love them
Best Italian food I've had in town! Their sauce is amazing, kuddos to the cook! Clean, great home made sangrias, great staff and fantastic food!!!!
My favorite type of food is Thai food and this place in my favorite Thai restaurant in the Phoenix area.
The entire 16th floor including my room smelled like sewer gas (and we weren't the only ones saying this).  It was nauseating. We asked to be moved but the hotel was full. They sent up an air purifier; thoughtful, but did not help. We nearly packed our bags and went to a neighboring hotel.
Just found the best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas. Great vibe. And the sushi is better than good.
One of my favorite restaurants!  Have been a couple times and have always had at least adequate service and amazing food.  Lobster tacos (surf & turf, no steak- I don't eat red meat) are to die for!!!
Another great experience at SK! Spring rolls were hot and fresh, the SK Fried Rice was perfect with ample portion of shrimp. Shaken Beef is fork tender and delicious. Drinks kept full, friendly service, gotta love it!
Thank you fellow Yelpers, we love this place.  My husband loves the pizza, I am addicted to their wings....mmm....their wings!
typical yogurt place, where all the the yogurts are no-fat or 98% fat-free. they had a yogurt made out of Sweet Potato??? Didn't taste too bad; at least worth a sample. the staff was friendly.
Food was decent but there is a huge difference between smoke and the taste of charcoal. The bacon and pulled pork both tasted like charcoal. Drinks and service were good though.
Food is okay, nothing to write home about, servers seem like their mad at the world! Sitting outside on a warm day in the shade, good environment
They have the best pimiento cheeseburger in town, plus hand cut French fries and a nice selection of beer on draft. It's one of my favorite lunch spots.
Crap, bad food, overpriced, and the worst service. Didn't know such a mediocre restaurant could even exist at a 5 star property on the strip?! Ugh!!!
They give you A LOT of food. I make my yelp ratings base on taste and dining experience which are both just good here.  There are places that I give 4/5 stars to and would never go back but  I would come back over and over again just because it is decent and affordable.
We went to try to eat there tonite after we called.  We were told the wait time was 25 min but that was not the issue. We were not greeted at all and not even looked at!!! It us rare to encounter rude Thai folks because they are generally kind...
I'm almost certain that I will never eat at another burger joint. Simple, fun, tasty and inexpensive.  Perfectection
We like the inviting atmosphere, but the food is just ordinary.
Super fun to stop in and have an old-fashioned hot drink in the winter and I'm sure the summer (we only visited in Dec)!Great service and old-timey decor.
Service is decent. The karaoke night sucked. With the digital age, karaoke should never be limited to such a lame list of cliche songs..
I'll stop by this place pretty much any time I find myself on State Street.  It smells nice.  And they wrap your presents real pretty.
Not my favorite live music venue in town.  They pull in good local acts weekly, and the drinks are tasty and inexpensive enough, but it's a bit too loud to enjoy the performances without blowing out an eardrum.  Do stop-in to see Moose, though - he's cool.
Absolutely love wagamamas! Food is great, I have loved everything I have had! Something for everyone!
The buffet was lack luster. There was no Chana masala and when we did order it, it was 9 bucks and only a cups worth. The service was very poor and didn't refill our water even though there were only two other people. I would not recommend going here at all.
1 word: Yummy!! And $20 per adult is a great price for the amount of food you get. They have a sign when you walk in that says \"Loosen Yer Belt\".... Do it! Great view of the Superstition Mountains. Definitely a place to take AZ visitors!
The truffle fries are excellent.  The bone in  filet was very good.  The salads and desserts are also yummy.  The service was good and the environment was nice.
The place is ok. There's plenty of ayce sushi places, & this is place is surely not in my top 3 or top 10. The sushi is average, but still decent.
Love tjmax I just bought some great items there.. All of those items were under 5.00 I'm not a bargain Hunter but I love good deals..
Steak was delicious!
Fourth place I have tried to eat at third mcdonalds first three places were closed down
Wonderful burger and fries. This was my first time here, but God willing it won't be my last!! The burger is real meat!!! I am feeling full!!
This panda express has never disappointed me and I've been going here since it opened. To all the negativity, pull some sticks out of your butts and go get a job yourself.
Sliders with sausage and cheddar awesome!!!!!    Love this place come get yummy food!   Tuesday-friday breakfast special for 3.97!!!!!!
I did't have mane expectation and was pleasant surprised!
I had the tuna melt and monday milkshake. Both were very good and I would recomend them to eat at.
Fantastic ambiance, but the food is extremely average pub fare. Still, it's really cool to have a pint in a tavern that actually used to collect tolls and taxes. Like so many places in Edinburgh, history literally seeps from the walls.
This is by far the worst taco bell/kfc I've been to.  More expensive then the rest and the long wait times are crazy.
My friend has been trying to get me to try this place for a long time. I wish I would have come here long time ago. Great food at cheap prices. Must try pork belly tacos and bulgogi nachos!
Well, this is truly a yawner.  The show does have some great acrobats, but the story is hard to follow.  The moving stage gets old quickly.  Totally not worth the high ticket price.  I was disappointed.
Show up early as asked and sit 35 minutes past the appt being ignored.  A reminder, the patient who happens to be paying for a service values their time as well.
I appreciate Academy's price point.  I can usually find what I want in the right color and size when I visit this location.  Hopefully I didn't just jinx myself!!
One of our new regular spots for chinese food for dine in or take out.  Good service, good prices. Food is always fresh, flavorful and hot. I would recommend this place.
I have been to various Humble Pie locations a total of 3 times. In my opinion, their best offer is their lunch special of salad and pizza. It is fairly priced and good eating. :)
You would think for being in Vegas that this airport would be as the same as the strip.\nHas horrible areas to eat at while waiting for your flight and please, please turn on some air freaking humid...
FUN FUN FUN!  We celebrated our 25th vow renewal with Elvis and 2 close friends. Elvis was hilarious and quite a ham!  The photographer did a fantastic job too. I price compared several other options. This was the most reasonable price and well worth it too.
Nothing spectacular.. wasn't impressed and the food was average. No plans on returning
Do your research before you allow the owner to rip you off. Items going for $20 on discogs.com will cost you over $100 at Wax Trax. He warns you that he is expensive when you walk in, which is nice, but his mark-up is insulting. Don't get taken advantage of and save your money.
Great normal american dinner. Really nothing more to say. Pretty much everything is good for a dinner.
Love it! Been a few times and has to be my favourite restaurant to date in Edinburgh.
Only chiropractor office I was able to find that was open the Saturday after Thanksgiving. Only accepting walk-ins was a god send for me. Filled out the paper work and was in and out of the office 20 mins. Awesome staff. Would recommend to all those who need an adjustment.
I was a total klutz and spilled my drink all over the floor in the checkout of Vons. They were super kind and replaced it at no charge!
This place was horrible.  It took the worker 3 attempts to get the hookah to work correctly and the flavor was so bland. Was expensive too. Left and went to an \"all you can smoke\" lounge that only charges $10 a person.
I love Pita Jungle and go often.  However, the location on Tatum has had extremely slow service the last two times I was there.  Today 4 of us went to lunch and it was an hour and a half!
Overpriced!! Rude and don't have discounted refills on iced tea...WTF??
Nothing about the Italian sandwich is Italian. It was gross. I've never not finished an Italian sandwich until today. The Wisconsin Cheese soup tastes like Velveeta. My water was my favorite part of the meal.
Sucks.   Filthy dirty.  Unprofessional   Tell your doctor.   Tell your insurance company  to stop using this grease pit.  This is not health care, this is lack of health care
This place has tasteless food that is over priced. It is not very far from my house and would be easy to stop at but I choose to go to Suzie's, or Poncho's in Phoenix. If you want good Mexican food do your self a favor and go somewhere else.
I have been to Liberty Market a few times. I truly don't understand the hype. I had a salad and couldn't finish it. The desserts are not that special either. \nI do have to say the coffee is the only good thing going for this restaurant.
Jason is absolutely fantastic! He gave me a great cut and showed me how to make my hair look way thicker than it actually is (I have really fine hair). The scalp massage was pretty baller, too. Would definitely recommend going here if you're looking for a great stylist. :D
no stars!!!who wouldnt hate this fuckin place if you have been in theyre office of a total over 4 fuckin hours!!!!good luck to others!!!
Went there with a friend. Had egg Benedict and did not like it. The turkey meat smells funny. And the waitress kept rushing us. Not sure why it's so crowded. Will not visit again.
The sushi is great, but I am not a sushi fan.\n\nI ordered their Chicken Teriyaki bowl. Not good at all. Bleh.
+ Relax on the rocking chairs\n+ Countless dining options\n+ Shopping and massage places to pass the time\n+ Plenty of seating at all the gates\n+ FREE WIFI!
Spinning.  Hardcore.  That about sums it up.  Give it a try if you want a workout that will totally kick your ass and leave you crying.
Friendly staff and tasty bistro food.  Wine list was extensive and the \"by the glass\" choices were a good representation of the list.
Great food for a good price.  Good mix of casual yet not to casual.  You can wear jeans or a suit and be just fine.  Menu is HUGE.  I ate here several times and never had a bad meal.  The best ranch dressing I've ever had.
The food here was good.  We dined in and the portions are not as plentiful for the dinner prices.  I will say, the food was way better when we had take-out from the Ballantyne location. Go figure?   Anyway, I see online deals periodically for this place and may be taking advantage of such for future visits.
Fantastic custard!! I thought I liked CJ's on Durango, but this is way better. Next time I'll buy a large container and take it home. Yummy
Sunday champagne brunch was nothing spectacular, but the quality was exceptional. There are too many other amazing choices in this town for locals, so I will probably not return.
This place is more about the scene than the sushi.  I just don't think that the sushi is anything to write home about.
Amazing. The prime rib was the thickest, juiciest, and most tender I have ever had. The service was phenomenal. We were t there for a birthday they bought us desert and the entire staff was happy and friendly. I can't wait to go back.
I'd give this buffet 3.5 stars. It has a large selection of Asian food\nIf you use a players card you get a discount.
Great pizza. Worst service ever! The employees do NOT want to be working there. When you call (which I do regularly as I live so close), it is like they don't want to be a business and make money. If you have a chance to go elsewhere, I would, and just because of the service.
ZuZu not bad , not bad at all... I'm glad your out there in the desert doing your modern retro thing. I've been to the Standard on both coast and your doing it better...
I went to this salon back in March; Anthony gave me beautiful highlights in my natural hair! I was really impressed. The price was little more than I was expecting, but I would have paid 2x the amount to ensure it was done correctly! :-)
Dinner time is quick and easy... The food is always good here!!  The Shrimp fried rice is yummy and the pot stickers are always a big hit. My favorite are the cream cheese ragoons... good stuff!
Not the best place to dine in Vegas, or the Mirage... I wouldn't suggest dinning here. I have eaten at much better CPK's all across the USA.
I have used these folks for three years now. I added another of our properties this year. They make my lawn green and thick with grass.\nThis is something that my brown thumb has never accomplished on my own. A little pricey but well worth the cost.
One of the best kept secrets in Phoenix - hands down! I don't think I have ever had Pad Thai that good before. Even better, they have plenty of vegetarian and gluten-free options. If you are anywhere near North Phoenix, check this place out!
they raised their prices by a dollar and half. nothing special for late night greek food.
Sick sick I got food poison still suffering from the grilled seafood platter\nI went to the hospital and I spent $3000 I think for now you always me $3000 of credit\nI was sick for four days it's ridiculous please give good quality food because you are charging for it
Great lunch... We did the 2 for $24  food was awesome.  The service was also great Doree took great care of us our drinks were never empty and she made sure to keep checking on us to make sure we were ok.  Great Applebee's to eat at
Good food and service. The chocolate bun burger was great. Chicken fingers just ok. Stick with beer. Speciality drinks just ok.
Perfect breakfast. Service was fast. My waffle with fresh fruit was huge and delicious. Price is very reasonable for the amount of food you get.
Not a well known location so its not as busy as some NYPDs I've been to. Just as good as the others though. Probably the fastest I've ever gotten my Calzone. I'd definitely go again.
They need to train their staff on what they have on their menu and how to actually make the drinks.  I asked what was in their Matcha blended tea and the girl said.. mocha... I said no the matcha tea drink.. she again said mocha.  WTF?
Love all their soups and salads! Wish there was more variety as far as bread/cheese to put on the sandwiches though. All the staff are very friendly. The flavor bar for drinks is super cool too.
Menu is reasonable, but no dishes standout unless it's Thursday and you're dining in for the ribs. Can never pass up an EIB Hefe draft, either. Both are pricier than those at Ellis Island, but I consider it a convenience fee: never a wait, and it's close to home.
I usually go for sunday brunch, so can't speak for the dinners
Seconds, anyone? Just had dinner with a group of friends here last night, and everyone was happy with the service and the food. Again, everything was so fresh. I have to go back and sit at the sushi bar next time!
Nasty!\nToasted bagel = burned in panini press\nOrdered bagel with ham and cream cheese, ended up with bagel, egg and Swiss cheese.  Ordered large coffee, ended up with small...the servers must be high in something!
Bili is a true master and professional in eyelash extensions.  She takes pride in her work and she really takes the time to educate you on the whole process and especially guides you on how to prolong your extensions.  I love my lashes; I've already received several compliments on how natural & beautiful my lashes look.  They feel and look natural!
This little place needs help...I think the employees want to please their customers...but service is slow.
Solid Chinese food. Total Dive. Owner couldn't be nicer. Fantastic egg rolls.
The fountain with the pillars of lit up ice and the area with the water tornadoes are worth seeing. The architecture's nice to glance at. But the rest is whatever. I probably sound jaded, but I can go to South Coast and see all the same crap that I can't afford.
Wonderful steaks with salad bar thats fresh ;) theres so much to choose from.
The wash was quick and fairly inexpensive-- $10. Yes they missed a few spots on the dash but the rest of the car was vacuumed nicely and the outside looks great. Perhaps my expectations were low given the other reviews, but I'd go again.
I will not be coming back here again. Horrible service...... my table was being watched by the manager and it was awkward. I felt so freaked out I was scared to order anything. Not vapor friendly either. Don't eat here.
Yummy Boba tea, great slush drinks, and cute servers. What's not to love? \n\nWell, it can get a little expensive for a college student, but prices are comparable to Starbucks ;) Go get some Boba!
They move very quickly and for an airport, that's important.  I just ordered a plain old coffee, so it's hard to make a lengthy and detailed review and evaluation.  Good coffee, quick service.  The end.
Good breakfast place with a patio.  Good Customer service, clean and modern.
Worst service ever! ! Wrong drink order, wrong food order. Drink refills non existent.
Have always had great service and an excellent job with car washes at the Terribles by my house. That has to be a tough and thankless job, but the guys working on the cars are always cheerful and friendly! My car always looks excellent! They are great!
So my mother is a bonafide New Yorker and from Brooklyn so she wanted to check this place out. We loved it! We've been twice and the food has been delicious. The pizza is the real deal!! Try the cheese garlic knots.
This place is over rated. Having Tyson's chicken nuggets on the menu is not healthy. The turkey club and salad tasted like shit. I'm never going back there ever again.
By far the best iced coffee in the area. Very friendly staff, awesome environment to hang out or work in. Love this place
This place keeps going on the decline. Their all you can eat menu is down to a zerox copy with a very limited selection. All they do is make all the other sushi places around Vegas looked so much better.
Had to drop my rating a couple of stars because they never offer the trout for the 3 course lunch special anymore.  The trout is what really made the lunch special great.
This is the nicest bowling alley I've ever seen. It's a whole other experience. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the price to bowl is insane. For a family of 4 it's $75-100. Wow!
I was suprised that across from my hotel there was a Trader Joes\n\nWas able to get dinner fixins and good wine all in one stop. Dark Chocolate salted Carmels are super great for after dinner.
Amazing gluten-free pizza!!!
Used to be a great spot to go, but they are now over priced and the service has gone downhill!  I've been going to UB since I moved into the area (5 years) and you would think being the only bar of its kind in the area they would be working towards improvements but it just keeps getting worse and worse!
Although not a fan of ala Carte restaurants for Steak and in my case filet mignon  cooked medium was very much on point. The parking here however is a bit awkward as well as how to get into restaurant, very inconvenient but the food and service is good.
It used to be gorgeous, if a bit pricy.  Construction mars the view at the moment.  I'd wait a few months until it is finished or opt for an outdoor gondola ride.
Eh, Service was pretty bad and the food was only so so.  With so many options in Vegas, I'd probably never go back.
First time back since new owner. Menu changed but still some of the same. Food still tastes good. The delivery is lacking :Pizza was cold, they forgot my daughters Brussels spouts. Young and inexperienced staff.
Best pizza in Tempe. My favorite slice the Italian Stallion I wish they had everyday but is only available on Mondays and Wednesdays. I will go out of my way just to get their pizza.
Absolutely wonderful experience with Barbara !  Extremely knowledgeable, competent, and helpful and never pressures.  She has the ability to make you feel as if you are her only customer.  We highly recommend Barbara. A top  notch realtor!!\n\nGrover and Marge S.
Great place for coffee and food.  Staff is super friendly. Great place to visit if your in the area.
Overall it was wonderful food.  The shrimp fries were only a hit with five out of ten of us.  I really enjoyed my teriyaki chicken sandwich and the burgers were a hit across the table.  It has a great atmosphere with a relaxing water feature and NO tv's to interrupt dinner conversation.
anything but ramen...
I wanted to like this place but the taste of hatred and homophobia soured the sweet. Now that I know about the owners beliefs and practices, I'm sad that I bought a dozen. But they will be my last.
Rob came and saved our carpets!  I really thought they would all have to be replaced but Rob was able to clean them so they looked very good.  Thanks Rob for saving me a ton of money.
Cool guys, very informative.  Couldn't find what I was looking for but they were still very helpful.  It's a small store so the stock selection is not that extensive.
Pittsburgh yellow cab is an awful service. As an alternative use Lyft or Uber and support their cause.
The braised beef and flatbread were delicious. They have a great grenache on tap. Also, the waiter I had was excellent. Very friendly and helpful guy. Great music playing, too. I will def be back to try out more of the menu very soon!
Two bars facing eachother... brilliant.  Good atmosphere, great open venue for shows.  Gomaroake is pretty awesome too.\n\n#1 music venue for me.
Very eclectic interior.  Friendly staff.  Food is small plates.  Drinks are strong with house - made syrups.  Good place to meet friends early in the night, but keep an eye on your tab or you might be broke before 10p;)  They will likely be a 4-5 star establishment with time
Really enjoyed the house feeling of this place, its a little cramped thats the only reason i give it 4 stars, drinks are great what u would expect from a second cup franchise
Just had the Capistrami with no Russian Dressing and it was delicious. If you like spicy, add the hot pepper relish for extra flavor!
average to below average for a fairmont.
Subpar food and service. Surprising for an airport. At least they usually have quick service. Go somewhere else for a meal here.
The buffet is mid level cafeteria food. That's all I have to say about that.
No tank tops
Hoagies are ok.\nI go there mainly to buy the Wise chips I used to eat as a kid back in PA.\n\nUntil they get Cheez Whiz, they get 4 stars.
Meh, its good but expensive.
Good unique sandwhiches, so-so coffee, and trendy people
One of the best Thai places downtown. The red curry is very flavorful with lots of veggies. The tom yum soup is also a favorite. Nice staff and great prices too.
I have given this place a few tries and on my third was the last straw. I don't want to be too harsh...... but this food is just too hard too stomach, no flavor and not fresh, will no eat there again
Don't bother coming here. The drinks are expensive and they charge you per ice cube. Yes they charge you for ice.
Fabulous beer with lots of variety. Fun lunch stop with delicious panini. Lovely atmosphere.
Nice coffee shop located close to the casino and guest elevators.  I stopped in the other day to get an Italian Soda as an afternoon pick me up.  The staff was friendly and the raspberry italian soda was delicious...although a little bit pricey at nearly $6.
Shrimp portofino was good, but a little on the bland side. It need a little more sauce or salt. Free bread is always good! Caesar salad was ok not anything to write home about.
This gym has spoiled me. They have all the right classes at all the right times. even when it's packed, there's always an open machine. sometimes there's a wait for the weight machines. the  locker rooms are always super clean. and the staff is just awesome. totally worth the $50 membership!
Love this place and its atmosphere. Always a great spot for a weekend brunch or week day breakfast if you are playing hookie!
Does this place even have a phone number? I can never reach the damn number. How do we even know if this place is open
so much in one place you don't need to go anywhere else! there is something for everyone and the train drops you off right in the center of it. walking distance to the Cricket arena, shopping, amazing food smells, bowling, movies. It is literally all right there! \nI may have to come back for a day trip!
Took my son to Oregano's last night for his birthday. Loved the Guaca-Tony!!!!!!! they gave my son a free pizza cookie for his birthday!! Thanks
I've always enjoyed this aquarium, this last time was the 3rd time I had been. I have to say the only reason I don't give a 5th star is because they haven't expanded it once since it opened. But it's always fun and totally worth it if youve never been before!
Slowest chipotle I have ever been to. Watching people leave after standing in line so long. It's like this every time I come. Today thought if would not be bad ad there were only about 5 people ahead of me but it'd still forever.
Dinner was very good. From appetizers to dessert. \nService was lacking. From the wait at the entrance to getting the check. \nThe best service was from the waiter who did what he could but seemed understaffed.
Has to be the best grilled cheese and tomatoe soup in Phoenix.  Good place to meet your friends to take them somewhere they haven't been or wouldn't normally go themselves...as it's not much from the outside, but makes up for it with personality on the inside.
Fresh and good. But a little expensive for me. Around 7 dollar for a basic classic crepe
Great vibe. Great service. Great sandwich. Price is a little higher but great ingredients and huge sandwiches.
The food was delicious. Got the red curry with beef. Wife got fried rice. We'll be going back.
The rooms are nice, bar tenders are super cool and give big shots. The only thing that sucked was the evelators. They take so long and have a capacity of 8 ppl. The valet and bell desk never answered their phones and took forever to assist you due to short staff. Not to mention they were very rude.
Not much too see. Takes half hour max to see everything. Was very disappointed.
No Supreme, hot or ready. Little Caesars needs to get it's stuff together. Seriously disappointing customer service at almost every location we've tried, including this one.
Meh, used to be better. Crowded, crappy parking, long lines everywhere. A port a potty here and there (nowhere near enough). They should hold this thing every other month or something, take some time to make it more appealing.\nTony Hsieh or not, seems to have gone downhill.
By far the slowest Starbucks. ... 15 min for a cup of coffee after ordering. .. really?
4pm for check-in? No seriously ?No wifi access at all. You can even get a connection from circus circus from your room. Very old structure. Go to stratosphere for better service and rate.
Meat is fatty and service sucks. After the 3rd visit I was through.
I usually do not like Vanguard unless I'm completely drunk off my mind. \n\nLast night it was pretty fun. They played all the right music and I was with the right people. \n\nOverall, the security are funny. The bartenders weren't too busy so they were pretty attentive.
$3 beers (coors light bottles), great patio... Reasonable food prices are the pros. Service was pretty good too.\n\nThe con was the food itself. Everything was average.
Good Mexican food. I had the enchiladas with rice and beans. Tasted good a little on the spicey side. Kind of small could've been bigger. Good  service.
I ordered a pizza and he the crust was doughy
We always enjoy PF Chang's, but this is one (located in Planet Hollywood - Las Vegas) does not fall in line with the others.  Okay service, not so great food.  Would not recommend!
My new favorite Mexican place in Vegas  \n\n5 STARS  for food \n5 STARS  for Service \n\nBeautiful place \nAmazing Staff \nDelicious  Mexican food \n\nA Must Try ! ! !
Had a coconut macaroon as suggested by the gentleman working and as he said it was light an fluffy and sooo good! My entire family is French an have been making macaroons since I was a little gal and these were right up to par! Affordable too at 1.50$ a pop :) amazing customer service too
Not good at all this place sucks
We only went because they had a yelp special and I'm glad we didn't pay full price because I could make an equal, if not better sandwich at home. Nothing to write home about.
What happened to this place?  The food has changed for the worst and the service was horrible.  Went for happy hour with a large group, they messed up our order, the food was so so, the staff was rude and they left the dirty dishes in front of us for over an hour.  They can definitely do better.
The food os pretty good Italian fare but the portion sizes are small and the prices are HIGH! I really wish I could recommend the place, but you need to take out a loan to eat there, especially for dinner.
I love Faye for facials! She is awesome! She is professional, knowledgable, and well worded. Her facial massage is just wonderful. She takes care of any issues with my skin and suggests product that is appropriate but is not pushy. I would suggest her to anyone , any day of the week!
Great Cuban food.  Service is uneven and there are often long waits for food.
I give ya five stars Sunrise (d'awwwwh) lets make it a sideways 8
Meh, nice patio but lackluster service if it's busy. I don't think we're cool enough to hang here, at least that's how they made us feel, and no one should feel that way as a paying customer. Not worth a return trip.
Lots of varied stores, restaurant and shops.
I went to see Holly Madison at her best, topless, You only get a glimpse of that. Other than that I found the show to be entertaining, I enjoyed them gettin the crowd involved. The other girls knew what they were doing  but its very obvious they all have a fall back job in stripping if the show closes
$5 all you can eat 2 week old Chinese leftovers.  Or that's what it tastes like anyway. Yummy.
The showroom is great and the staff is very helpful ( some times too much) we purchased our bedroom set here and I love it. This would have been a five star review if I had not find a similar set for a lot less some where else..
Yesterday 4 of my friends went to this place. Just 2 of us drank a coffee and ate a crepe and we got sick a few hours later. Really bad food poisoning that lasted several hours.\n\nI usually don't write reviews but I think this is something people should know.
For the most part the profs really know their stuff and care about their students. I consider my profs and some of the faculty  as my extended family. The Hospitality program is amazing. This school has opened so many doors for me I am forever grateful.
Really a stadium away from the campus-\nTicket rep lied and sold me crappy seats - its ok which is why i moved to the lower part after the start of the soccer game. Would I return -heck no but it was fun anyway
Its always hit or miss. And even though its McDonald's it always brings out childhood memories. This is a smaller McDonald's. Seating is limited.
Love the atmosphere, food was okay for a smoked bbq joint.  Brisket decent, ribs and pulled pork were a bit dry and chicken was good... The mac and cheese was delicious!
Great food..
One of mine and my wife's favorite place to dine for Chinese food. Service is spot on and friendly. It does say that the price is $$; however, unless you're a big eater, one entr\u00e9e will cover two people. Their Pot Stickers are amazingly delicious!
Almost in the middle of no where in Vegas! We had to take a cab to get there unfortunately but the food was good. A bit pricey I think but I'll eat there again if i ever visit Vegas and am in the mood of Persian food.
Great place for breakfast. \nTry the jalape\u00f1o bagel with garlic cream cheese with egg.
Went for my husbands birthday, and we were both just amazed by the friendliness of the staff. The food was absolutely out of this world. Overall best Italian in this city, and cheaper than good ol pre packaged Olive Garden. We will be regulars here!
Not really a mall shopper. The restrooms could certainly use an upgrade. They are awful.
Went here for lunch and got the Pho which is always good.  This is convenient to get in and out of quickly and they give good service.  The food quality always seems consistent.
Every time I'm back to LV for my convention shows, this is my spot to eat.  Even the locals eat here.  Really good quality buffet sushi place and so much choices too.  There's even made-to-order specific handrolls and uni.  Always happy to be back and eating.
Sacre bleu! On a vacation to Montreal, we were unable to resist these colorful beauties. The cupcakes tasted as amazing as they looked. I want to go back and try the macarons. This was a highlight of our trip.
Good food, good drinks, friendly staff, kinda pricey but worth an occasional splurge!
Saba's is gone! All property seized (by building owners?). Place is completely empty, tables, chairs, fixtures...gone. Been here a helluva lot of years.\n\nI'll miss the patio; RIP Saba's.
Popvich movie great
Adam cut & styled my hair today and he did a fantastic job! I especially enjoyed him explaining how the different products would effect my hair. I only wished I lived here so he could be my regular stylist. I'll be back next visit here!
Wouldn't let my disabled friend in due to \"safety\" reasons . He was in a wheelchair. Could have sued
Sub par food. Slow service
Came here again they added 20% grat since we did 3 separate checks with only 5 people. Or order wasn't even big and checks were hand written so it's not like there was extra work.
I was so sad the day my mom texted me and told me Fusion closed :( I live in Tucson and every time I came up to Scottsdale, Fusion was a mandatory stop.  They had THE BEST beef tataki!!
15 % discount for military .  A great location and great service.  Thanks Antoine!
This place has great choices for healthy food. It's very neat and clean inside and the service was very quick. We had a group of 12 people and they sat us promptly and the food came just as fast. I highly recommend this place.
Home away from home. Lots of choices at a reasonable price. Very laid back atmosphere. The staff is friendly and efficient too! Definitely coming back.
I usually love this place but today I had bad service. The workers and manager were more interested in talking than working and as a result my car took forever while other vehicles came later and were out sooner.  When I mentioned it to the manager he made an excuse and did not care. But he was the one yapping and keeping my technician distracted.
Pretty good bar food.  It's conveniently located and a fun atmosphere.
I like the drinks fine, the service is very friendly.
Good food, huge portions (they're ok with sharing), and terrible coffee. I am immediately enamored when I order my potatoes crispy, and they show up that way! (The breakfast potatoes were the best part of the meal.)Nice place if you're wanting to sit and chat. The staff was extremely friendly.
Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Very rude and refused to do a simple design.
Lamb Skewers were great!
Marissa is awesome, skilled and funny. Do stop by and tell her I sent you.
Overall, disappointing.  While our huge umbrella drinks were good, the edamame was wilted, and they use long grain rice in their rolls and nigiri!  I'd never seen that before, but it affected the taste and made it hard to handle.  Selection of rolls is somewhat small, too.
Amazing food with great service. Had the shrimp and grits with a pancake. Everything was cooked to perfection.  The presentation nice with a great aroma and delicious flavors. A must try.
Not truly NY-style, but decent. This Hawthorne's location is sometimes better than  the Hawthorne/7th location -- the Carmel location sometimes has better pizza (crust not so hard and more generous cheese), and always have better parking.
Chelsea was our bartender .  Not only is she a 10 but she's quick and friendly .  Thanks for doing a great job.  Im out here from Nor Cal.  GO GIANTS
Happy hour meatballs before the game.  Add a beer and it's all good.
Good food and drink. But customer service is awful. Just be be careful who's on staff they might bite. Do not get the Bloody Mary. Buy the garlic fries and the burgers are great.
All the sandwiches taste the same to me which is strange. Unlikely I'll go back. If you're in the area and are looking for a quick bite this place is fine other than that... keep on moving.
always a lot of fun to see all the wealthy & glamorous people shopping. a little out of my budget but we love the fish aquarium, the king neptune show and all the beautiful people.
Just terrible service.  sat down and waited for about 10 minutes with no one showing up to fill water, take drink orders, greet etc etc.  Could have understood if it was busy but they were at 10% full at max.  Just a shame would have liked to eat here but not with that level of service.
Pretty decent place if you want to eat 'americanized, sushi. I'm just getting started in the sushi world so I like tempura sushi and they happen to have a nice selection. The desert is really good.
We are only on our 4th plate and the owner is about to kick us out. Yes, the smoke smoke smoke is true, their vent does not suck. But i still give it four stars for their BBQ.
This place reminded me of eating in a thrift store. If you can get over that, you'll probably enjoy it. I believe that their menu is 100% vegetarian.  I just couldn't get over the fact that I was eating amongst people's old possessions.
The food is amazing. But it always smells like crap in their. They need a new filter system cause the bar part stinks up the restaurant part. My wife Nd I never want to eat there because it smells like hell.
There is nothing bad to say about this store. Last time I was there, an hour passed and it seemed like 10 minutes. I always walk out with something decadent that my body and all my senses love. You can spend $10 here, or hundreds. Love it love it love it.
First time being here. My husband and I decided to take in a movie. The hotel was nice nothing fancy. But they have a nice food court bowling alley and games for kids and a movie theater.
Some of the poorest customer service I have ever experienced, but the crepes and drinks were very good :)
Great food. Love it here.
A solid dive bar. Cheap drinks, close proximity to greasy food, and bartenders with a heavy pour.
IMAX on a holiday is $15 per person as they charge weekend rates on holidays. Now why is that necessary? I mean seriously? The theater is nice and all but $15 per ticket? And no drink or popcorn is included? I am still shocked. Never again lol
This is a cool place for happy hour or dinner. I feel like I'm on vacation when I eat here. The coconut chicken was pretty good. The drinks are strong which is great. The servers are friendly.
Great service at the bar and at our table! The food was delicious! Me and the bf both got a cheeseburger with pesto mayo and some beer bread!!! Amazing!!!!! I highly recommend this place for a fun Friday night date!
I like every bite I had there
Tried to get lunch on Saturday at 12:45. Closed with no explanation. My whole group was disappointed.
Great price, friendly service, and great food! Try their black cod and honey toast, two thumps up!
The food is great just the waiter suck no joke and I hate that they sell you every drink in other words no fountain drinks they sell you every pop but over all it's good little pricey
I'm shocked everyone time I go to a Bouchon Bakery outside of Yountville. They are never good. Two stars just because it's located right by the elevators for the Venetian tower. But seriously, these places dilute the Bouchon brand :-(
As always this place is like an Oasis in the desert of filth of the neighboring area,\nI always find the freshest and most innovative foods and ideas for dinner here and the people that work here are always friendly. It's too bad it;s in such a bad part of town.
We came just as breakfast was ending and lunch was starting. We ended up eating both though since they hadn't cleared away the breakfast completely yet. Everything tasted pretty good and it's not as expensive as some of the other buffets. I thought the eggs benedict tasted a little strange, but I quite liked the waffles.
This place is a wonderful fish camp. Great fried food, large entrees (recommend sharing) , great service. A cool place to people watch too
I had better.\nTakes way too long,\nand this place went downhill in quality and service over the last 3 years.
I love this place! The food was amazing and the waiters are extremely nice and quick. I had a hard time deciding what to get on the menu since everything looked so good. I ended up getting pho, of course. It tasted just like my mom's pho.
Tasted worst than a college dorm cafeteria. UC Davis has a better eating experience than this buffet. Limited selection and undercooked meat.
Tracee hooked it up! Great food and service!
I am no fan of banks but this particular branch is very efficient and customer oriented.  They do their jobs and they do it well
My PS3 got the \"Yellow Light of Death\". I dropped it off at their Fantastic Swap Meet booth on a Friday afternoon. My PS3 was fixed and cleaned by Sunday. All my memory was saved and only $80. Very satisfied.
Forever boycotting this location. Franchise-owned, doesn't accept the CBTL app rewards, doesn't brew flavored coffee after 11am, and doesn't carry quiche anymore. After several bad experiences at this location, I'll never return.
Wow walk in side door with stamped wrist and got hands put on me. Find new personel. Weak.
This review is for the gym. They have really early hours, which i love. Equipment is fully functioning and are all new! The use of the gym is included in the resort fee. So i guess its 'free'?
Good steak and wine, sat at the bar for a mandate
AMAZING!!!!! No need to bore you with the details. Look at the youtube vid for the food network that will tell you all you need to know.
It's a nice room but not good customer service. Waiting forever on the phone to get front desk to answer. Day managers were cool guys.
Absolutely love this place. First time here and it's amazing. great live music great service bartenders no what's up!!!! Come on down and be Irish or cone get connected with your roots like myself irish proud
Mexican food , aimed at white people who aren't familiar with real Mexican cooking. And the prices have increased , or at least it feels like it's gone up.
The perfect fusion of East meets West , the Elephant bar blends delicious cuisines together to make delightful meals! Such as their Kona BBQ baby back ribs with chicken breast finished off with a lovely creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e for dessert!
By the prices they were charging, I would have expected a meal that tasted less like reheated Olive Garden doused in parmesan. \n\nOn the plus side it appeared to be 40-something-divorcee's night at the bar next door... so that was entertaining.
Its okay. we bought buffet of buffets and this was one of our stops. food is not very fresh or selective. go around the after lunch crowd otherwise the wait is horrendous for the semi ok/mediocre selection...,..
All I can say is wow. Easily some of the best Italian food I've had. You certainly get what you pay for, the portions are no joke. If you are in the mood for a classy, delicious Italian dinner... this is the place to go!
Hongfu offers an excellent range of dishes in no-nonsense surroundings. Portions are generous, dishes are well-executed, with the Mongolian beef, and mountain chicken proving particular favourites, with our party.\n\nOverall, we think Hongfu has solid claims on being one of the best restaurants of its type in Edinburgh.
Like I said on my check-in lunch was not worth it without my Groupon coupon which was for two
I buy pills here.
We went there just to check out the casino since it's so new.  It was like a really nice \"downtown\" casino (ie, lots of seniors) mixed with the Disneyland crowd (ie, kids and their parents).  Don't go if you're looking for a \"Vegas experience.\"
I have tried repeatedly to get this company to refund an incorrect amount charged to my mother who died.  There is no email and I have spent hours on the phone.  USE any other service if you can.
What more can I say. Service is great as always. Koo did a great job today rolling.  All food ordered came out fast and tasty. I just need to remember not to over spice it. Beer and shoju tasted yummy before 1pm.
Dinner for 4. Everyone was happy for the most part. My salmon was a little salty. Hubs steak was delish! Everything looked great and our waitress was nice.
Walked in for lunch, the place was empty. Sat down waited five minutes with no welcome or drink order, walked out.
Not very impressed by my meal here. I had their \"very spicy\" ramen but it wasn't spicy at all. Kind of disappointing. Their pork belly rice was pretty good though. While the servers were very sweet, they weren't very attentive. I'm not planning on going back.
This show is spectacular.
Lately, the food has been hit or miss. Tonight we had some really bad service and the situation was not helped by the manager. I understand that everyone has a bad night, but the customer should not suffer! At least our food was good tonight.
The hotel was clean and the staff were very friendly and accommodating...even when I lost my room key at midnight. Free wifi, clean rooms.
Service was really weak ...when a problem arose with our order, the waitress just could not have cared less.\nAs for the chocolate, it's o.k., but I found this place to be more focused on marketing than the chocolate.
This is the kind of place where you can browse their selection of Australian sitcoms in PAL format.  They have a section for that.  The unusual \"rental block\" system means you can pay in advance at a discount.  When it's time to check out just show them your ID and there is no need for money or charge slips.
Been here a few times.. service is good, food is ok, but its the surroundings are interesting. Always smells funky in there.. like bratwurst and an sweatsock. Despite this i would return to watch a game or do some off track betting.
This place is great!!  The food is reasonably priced and delicious.  The service is fast too, which makes it a great place for a quick lunch break.  So far I've not been disappointed by anything on the menu!
Made the mistake of going there 2 days before Christmas... There was a lot of staff which is good! But there was just too many people inside...
Pretty good deli sandwich but a hassle for parking. Love the selection of things to buy sorta like a little market in NY!
Good prices but not cutting edge as far as fashion or quality of merchandise.  Lines to check out can be a little long at times.
This is my first review because this place deserves 5 stars.  The cocktails are complex and quenching, the custard was playful and unexpected and pleasant.  A great end to an amazing meal.  Will be back for more!
Another great addition to the Montreal Pub scene by the folks that brought us The Burgundy Lion.\nGreat food, great drinks and great times, what more can you ask from your local Pub?
amazing! I have difficult hair, and I have gone into the salon and worked with three different stylists (my schedule is crazy so I have to go when I can). EACH stylist was simply brilliant! Affordable, fast, and amazing! LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!
LOVED the salon, but my gel only stayed on for 3 DAYS!!! Yes, THREE.   Worst and most expensive gel manicure I've ever received.
Gritty, dirty, grungey ol dive bar, what more can you expect? Cheap drinks. 3 stars because the bartenders aren't friendly. But whatever.
The food is okay, the prices are really good.  I think their food is very greasy.  I love their shredded beef tacos!  Its definately a place you should try at least once.
Awful!  The dish I order was DRIPPING in oil and I didn't order a plate of hot olive oil with a few pieces of pasta!  Ewwwwww! Will not be back!!  The service was terrible and the staff unfriendly.  I expected MUCH better!
Hunter Pest Control is not my first pest company. I have been through a couple, and have been very happy to have found them! The only bugs I find now are DEAD! (In the garage).  They come every other month, unless you feel they need to come re spray between appointments. Highly recommend!
I luv the meatball sandwich. The location is great.Parking is very easy and free.
Love the teachers love the new location (been going off and on since opening original location) - takes a bit to get used to heat but once you do...your practice will take off!
Provolone sticks arrived undercooked, cheese was fully solid, they tasted okay. The pizza also arrived undercooked, the dough itself was partially uncooked in the middle. I had to put it back into my own oven to finish it off, and then it was greasy and just okay.
Great fun to eat at, drinks aren't too bad.  Especially if an event is in town, crescent street is usually the first to be closed off for foot traffic which brings an ombiance to your meal.  Coming from san Francisco, the food is solid!
I accidentally parked here while going to Fremont street ($10 ?! Really ?) It looks like the place shut down years ago but nobody told the employees.
Went there earlier this year for our anniversary. A fancy fancy place, service and the atmosphere were all very nice, good for a special occasion. But steak? I had better!! The shining point of the whole dinner was the dessert. I thought All other food were just ok. Good experience thoguh.
Best breakfast I've had. Waiting time was only twenty minutes but we ate at 11 am well after the brunch rush. Our drinks and meals came out super fast after ordering and the food proportions were big. We had plenty of leftovers.  I'll be coming back to this place!
My brother attended here, and I have a friend pursuing a PhD here now. They like the campus and the teachers. The grading scale is tough sometimes, but they really feel like they got a good education that was worth the expense and time.
Food was good and prepared perfectly. Service was fine as well. It did not appear to be a huge rush, however. We had pulled pork, pork sliders, and the chicken bacon Swiss. All were great. Pricing might be higher than other restaurants, but it is located in the airport after all.
They have fast and friendly service, but I was disappointed with the pizza, after the guy on the phone indicated it was so great.
White tuna sushi was great! But the Pad Thai just ok.  Next time i'll stick to the sushi
I really could give just a one word review - DELICIOUS! Some of the best pasta I've ever eaten and the service is great. The Pasta Shop is one of my favorite restaurants in town. Definitely my favorite Italian restaurant. Very relaxed, casual neighborhood atmosphere and a great wine list, too.
My fiance & I love this place.  They have a happy hour in the bar only, but a few good food choices & drink discounts.  We have eaten in the main restaurant a few times too and enjoyed everything we have had.  Try the Tokyo Cooler drink...very fruity & delicious.
Kaila's teeth are just about perfect.
The  gyros are good but a bit overpriced----tastes like a typical gyro. The fries are the cheapo kind that are sold in the frozen section of a grocery store.  The service was fast and friendly.  Would come back again.
Clean, fresh and the newest machines in the casino.. I shall return!!
The food is well below average, service is ok. Been here many times (only because it's across from the Marriott) only fun is the owner on the place gets blasted at the end of the bar and makes a fool out of himself
Irena is great at what she does and is always pleasant to deal with. I highly recommend her alterations shop!
Went there to sign up and waited 45 mins to talk to the manager. Both the front desk girl and the manager were not personable or friendly.
A great group who I have found to be very helpful!
Very good chicken burritos, but $30 for two of them w/ evthg plus two chicken tacos and two sodas!??  Steep imo....Adios, muchachos!
Basic takeout joint which happens to get it right.   Been using them for 2-3 years.   Never disappointed.
Ha ha......we waited and waited and waited. Finally ordered food. Waited much longer then asked if we wanted our tab-uh still haven't got the food! Wow maybe the food is good but I wouldn't know. Slowest place hands down.
I love F&E. We picked up some steak, bell peppers & onion and made some delicious fajitas at home. Great prices, fresh produce & meat. Thx F&E!
Best food I ate during my 5 day stay in Vegas by far.
I was not a fan of the psychedelic \ng strings, the neon electric pants , the store doesnt \nhave nothing nice  unless you want to wear a tutu and some crazy ass pants
Got the portabello burger with a side salad and it was so so good. Everything on the menu sounds great. The employees were super nice. Can't wait to come back!
The hamburgers taste like real food! Really good food! I had one outside of Coffee Budha on Perry highway. It is a nice change from a lot of the fast food  and chain restaurant burgers out there.
The food was great! Huge portions. I will be a regular here!
I will never us this company again and will go out of my way to sway anyone I talk to, also to never use them.  They have never heard of normal wear and tear of the property if your place doesn't look exactly the way they expect it to be you will lose most of your deposit, and it not a little one.
We got food poisoning from coming here! The wait was long, the food average, and a night of praying to the porcelain god made this whole thing a terrible experience.
Love these guys!  Super nice.  Great assortment. Fresh and delicious!
Healthy, Tasty, Fast, Cheap, what's not to love.  Awesome for mall food for sure!
I think the food here is so good. It tastes all so fresh and their spices are so delicious. I also tried the chocolate seduction, which was the best desert I have ever had. Definetly great place to go if ou want good food in a more sophisticated place.
On hold for 38 minutes tonight before I GAVE UP! The automated message told me there were only 3 calls ahead of me-lost my Xmas business
Every trip to vegas now must include this in the experience. Spicy seafood salad hits the spot all day every day!
I was waiting to pick up a Pizza,When one of the cooks went outside, smoked a cigarette talked with his friend,picked his nose,and went back inside and with out washing his hands started putting toppings on a Pizza! I asked for my money back ! and will never go back!!!
Best sushi I've had in Pittsburgh.  I'm surprised people have commented that it's overpriced, I thought it was reasonable for the quality.  A small BYOB, it's a great find.
Fantastic sushi. We had rolls from the happy hour menu and some specialty rolls. All were great. Friendly staff. Nice environment.  Would definitely recommend this sushi to anyone in North Phoenix.
The food is not fresh (anymore).  This used to be one of my favorite places.  I stopped by after a year had gone by and the food quality has significantly declined.  Mushy tomatoes, undercooked rice hard as a rock..  At least the guac was good.  I won't be returning though.
I am so thankful there is 24 hr places around town in case you want something at your convienence!
Chili was awesome... Good toppings bar but nothing out of the ordinary. Burger was moist & well cooked but without seasoning. Great chocolate shakes!
This place is fantastic.  Always open, centrally located and full of delicious sandwiches.  Can't say anything that hasn't been said already, I'd recommend this place to anyone wanting a good cheap meal.
Rushed!             Sushi was good. Small, but good. Crispy duck was too fatty to be touted as crispy duck. We spat out half of its weight in fat.
Arriba's was not as good as they used to be, apparently the original owner passed away and its under new ownership. Won't be coming back here again.
I love it here!  The atmosphere is awesome and the lanes are great!  It's a great family place to bring your kids too.  The have a food bar as well so if you get hungry and can just get a quick snack.
I went looking for battletoads, as I have an extensive collection. They were quite rude, and had no idea about any major battletoad basics.\n\nMany other pawnshops have battletoads, I recommend you keep looking!
Definitely one of the best sushi restaurants I have been to in Scottsdale, AZ.  Rivals some of the sushi restaurants back in San Diego, CA..
Well that didn't take long...already a new sign up and it's something different.  What's up with this place?
Don't fly Spirit; hidden fees and expensive bag check ins. Poor customer service! Bait and switch on fees, lame!
Lovely meal! The filet mignon was cooked perfectly, and the stuffed tilapia was perfect! We had the chocolate lava cake for desert...AWESOME! Dinner for two without alcohol was over $100..
The Hard Rock Cafe is off the main Strip but my girlfriends and I travel there once in awhile for after work drinks. We usually meet the most interesting people there. Sit at the bar and socialize --- you will be surprised who you meet.
Great selection, prices, and staff. Very friendly!
Great food but, very bad customer service.  The management was not helpful and didn't try to make us happy.  Management needs better training on servicing their customers.
Driven by this place a bunch if times, decided to give it a try since it's right by our house. Glad we did!  The good was excellent, service was fast & friendly. Good pub-style food. Definitely would recommend it and the prices are just right!
Ok at best. Service is slow. Food is ok. Menu selection is limited. Atmosphere is good if you love the 80s.
I wasn't disappointed at all. The only complaint I had was the fried rice. I just wasn't a fan, but the place was not crowded, the service was great and very friendly.
Hot waitresses and good atmosphere for UFC, but wow the food is terrible. About on par with taco bell... Maybe.
Awesome store, NB Scottsdale, you are the bomb!
The worst Giant Eagle in all the land.  Poor selection of produce, and anything other than processed, packaged foods.
Good clean tasting pho tai, large portions with lots of meat, 2 crispy delicious egg rolls for free with yelp check in, excellent customer service, nice modern clean decor, good thai tea and tons of drink selections, and fresh veggies.
We went there with a Groupon, we were really impressed, we had the stuffed potato with beef it was delicious, The portions were very generous and the food was pretty good, I will be going back again.
Most fun on Fremont! I've had the best luck with pay out at these machines, the wait staff is usually great and you never have an empty or even near empty drink! The frozen drinks are fantastic and usually whoever is working back there knows their mixes and always creates something you'll enjoy! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
To go bagels were hard and chewy, accompanied by a tiny square of cream cheese on the side.
We had appetizers, they were delicious. Service was great and wow, awesome beer selection plus they have outdoor seating. NICE!
so good crab fish steak all a+++\nPlus I even got a fresh lemon and towel after I ate my crab so I could write this review!!! Amazing
Many flavors of chicken wings under one roof.  from mild to nuclear hot.  Great for a snack, and for late night runs.
I'm thinking the Palms club scene isn't what it used to be.  Ghost Bar was kind of tragic.  1/2 empty, tiny and depressing.  Maybe it was because it was Sunday, but still...\n\n+1 star for the absolutely amazing view!
I enjoyed this restaurant.  I had the Chicken Cesar  and really likes it.  The beer selection was nice.  There were plenty of  craft brews.  The two man band was good and fun.  I will come back!
In the past I've stopped by here to get individual slices of pizza, unimpressed by the  quality. But today, I opted for the spaghetti and meatballs. They were delicious! I highly recommend this dish. Perfectly al dente, sweet and savory meatballs, perfectly flavored tomato sauce.
I went here with a friend the other day and I have to say hands down best steak quesadillas in town! I had the wood grilled skirt steak quesadillas. I also had their watermelon margarita which was very refreshing. The service was also great. I will definitely be going there again!
overhyped...
my wife and daughter and I came and had butter chicken and chicken tikka.  Our dinner was wonderful.  Service was fantastic and kept our drinks full.  We were checked on by managers and servers.  This place is the best Indian food on the Charlotte area.  Serving sizes are generous also
If you're hungry and in the Phoenix airport Southwest terminal, this is the place I would recommend.  They have decent fresh tacos.
In the 9 years and multiple sushi places I've been to- this little place is by far the best. Highest quality and BEST service- I love the people here!!! Hardcore regulars!!!
Different kind of mexican food with a great atmotsphere, especially on the patio Service is always a little less tha excellent when busy. But overall our favorite maexican
I was here years ago and it wasn't memorable.  Unfortunately, it's still not terribly memorable.  There's not specifically bad per se but it's just okay.
I love the atmosphere...the food meh. I like the sauce with the lamb meatballs but the meatballs them selves were on the dryer side. We also ordered the lobster pot pie . It had mix feedback from our table... I personally wish the sauce was a little thicker but the favor was fresh.
Love this place the owner Ms. Paula is so wonderful. Here's an up date pic of my new nails for burning man!
Despite the reviews, we found ourselves trying this place. We were disappointed that the food was not hot, a can of soda cost $3.50 and the tables were sticky. \nThe courtyard has a nice feel bit that was it. \nWould recommend for a drink only.
Staff are very helpful. Lots of stuff to choose from. We like this place. We normally come here every spring and fall.
Hands down the worst breakfast I've ever eaten. Bacon over cooked, potatoes under cooked, fruit plate I wouldn't even eat and an English muffin that was as hard as a hockey puck. The only good thing was the eggs and fresh orange juice.
This place is run by cavemen. When my party complained about the terrible service we were receiving, the manager told my husband to meet him at 2am when he gets off work so they could fight. You stay classy Joe's!
Tasty food, been coming here on and off for years. Machines aren't bad, won some and loss some. Cocktails and beers for all
Good authentic food. Fresh!
I liked the pizza, good sauce. I ordered the All you can eat New York Style Pizza lunch special. The mushrooms on my pizza was raw, the other ingredients were just throw only, yet the pizza was cooked all the way.  May as well gotten frozen pizza.  Ok, not a superfan.
You can make anything vegan and it's delicious! Thai tea with soy milk was the bomb! Tastes exactly like regular Thai tea but without the stomach ache
Always fast and courteous.
Please!! A little cafe with a French chef!! This place is amazing!! Fresh breads and pastries, plus their homemade soups are insane! Everything is fresh. It's delicious.
Food was good, service was a little slow considering there were only 3 other tables occupied.  Sit at a table, and skip the booth if you're not tall.  The booth seating is very low.
Love the breakfast menu here. Never had that kind of breakfast since.
3.5 stars. I've been there for breakfast and lunch. I think the waffles are whole wheat. not sure but they're great. I walked around the walls and looked at all the pictures. The oxtails were tasty
I highly recommend. Great professional service. My car looks awesome. Work was done in a timely manner and when I picked up my car it was spotless inside and out. Nice to deal with local business who takes pride in their work..
The only reason why I go to this place is because it's the nearest Korean restaurant to Madison college campus.  I always go for their Bibimbap on Rock which is the best meal there, in my opinion.  The potato side is really good too!!
Love the fact that they are 24x7 and have 24 hour breakfast, lunch and dinner.   Although..  They need a few air fresheners and accept credit cards.   Cash only is very 1990s.
Be patient. The line moves quickly.  Every sandwich I've tried has been amazing.  My favorite is the Earl's Club.
Horrible staff! Terrible attitude and we could tell didn't want to be there.  Screwed up our bill and was visible aggravated and angry when we questioned charges.  This awful service makes us never want to return.
A nice little restauran tfor which I've never yet had to book a table.  Food good, service excellent and very reasonable.  The dishes are mostly indistinguishable from Indian food but the ocassional nice surprise on the menu.
One word...LEFTOVERS! I secretly suspect they reheat leftovers -_- Went there two nights in a row, was surprised to see certain same food but in smaller amount, and the taste, texture of them...leftovers!
Worst place ever. Don't go there. Customer service was awful and they didn't even do what I asked them to, due to them trying to scam me for more business. I will never go back.
This was a great pizza, period. Had the back home and it was simple and that's just what it needed to be. The crust was a perfect thickness but still crispy. Here is my my only complaint. The signage SUCKS!!! Being a tourist makes it nearly impossible to see unless you drive around a bit.
Pretty good. Not as amazing as I expected because the flavor was there on some things but overall hit and miss. When there was flavor it was AMAZING. Definitely worth trying not so sure it was worth the price but I will probably come back and see if it's better next time.
Now closed.
Pretty run of the mill AYCE sushi. We only went here because we were at The M and the buffet there was closing in an hour.  My eyes were bigger than my stomach of course and still ended up stuffing myself to the gills.  I should've went to Barcelona instead.
Food was very good and it came out quickly.  Only issue was the waitress, had to ask for two menus, then we ordered two beers but only got one, then getting enough to go boxes was challenging.
Not to bad, I may think about going back to this place. The only item that tasted a little foul was the calamari.
The absolute RUDEST postal employees I have ever encountered!\n\nNot helpful and overall not nice people!
$2 Burger and Fries after Midnite!! \n\nShut your Muthableepin Mouf!\n\nFor $2 it don't have to even be that good, but for a sit in diner thats as good as it gets.
Worst. Service. Ever.\n\nOver the course of three different visits and several phone calls, I was astonished at the poor service we received.\n\nWe will be buying everything to build our new house at any location other than Brunsell.
Great selection of beers. Not the best food but it's a beer bar after all. Was a better place when they had pool tables but not a bad place to watch a ballgame now.  \n\nMonday has really good specials for draft beers. And seasonal rotations offer great new selections.
We had a great time here.  The owners rick his wife and their kids are actually there not like some other Las Vegas Show that will remain unmentioned.  Free Tour is really interesting.  you can actually see the guys working.  We went and saw next seasons completed projects.
The food is great, the service is way above average, the place is super clean and the prices are very decent. It's a new Town Square favorite. Great for before or after a movie since it's right by AMC Cinemas.
Love the menu and craft cocktails at Nan's - this was exactly what Southend needed! The trainwreck fries are sinful and the meatloaf is better than my mom's (don't tell her I said that) The service is on point also!
Service is slow. food is passable at best. keep driving down the road better food is waiting for you
The employee who helped my friend and me was so friendly and knowledgable!
Great place to have your lunch in.... super nice staff huge line to get in just because it is super good.
Over-crowded, nothing special
The only items worth getting here are the pollo blanco enchiladas, the chimichanga or the mexican pizza. The trifecta will not disappoint. If you order anything else, don't come complaining to me!
I tried the new boneless chicken, they are very similar to the main meat on a chicken breast. No partical nugget stuff. I was actually pretty impressed. Not to mention they are on sale for just $1 right now with any order. It said limit of 1 but I asked for 2 and they didn't give me any problems.
What an amazing restaurant with amazing staff!! They accommodated a party of 14 for My Son's 21st bday. The food was delicious, and  the service was top notch!! Michael the manger  and our waiter Ray were so attentive and really made My sons celebration one that he will never forget!!
This location is horrible. The lady behind the counting was shouting and the portions she served were ridiculously small.
I loved my everything about my experience at Ruth Chris.  It was a bit expensive, but the service was outstanding and the food was delicious.  \nI would definitely go again.
I love coming in here.  The staff is friendly, the drinks rock, and the food is prety darn good. \n\nWe bring our kiddo for lunch on the weekends from time to time, but I sure wouldn't after dark.  It is definatly a party place after dark.
Hard to find what you're looking for, even harder to find someone to ask.  Takes some searching but I always walk away with good stuff.  Overall I would go back for my crafting needs if I didn't have questions.
Horrible breakfast food, Excellent service though, Alex behind the bar early afternoons is the best . Very dark inside, loads of seating,
Best breakfast in Phoenix bar none.  Everything is very fresh.
Lunch specials are priced right, however, the meat dishes tend to be overcooked, hard and dry. Will not be returning.
I came out from California and was looking  for good Mexican food. What I found was a diamond in the rough. The tacos were great. The staff was on point and did a great job. Will be coming back.
Like Raj mentioned, nothing special about this location, however, I was greeted promptly and my drink was prepared in record time. When I'm in the area, I'll be back!
I have only been here twice, and found the sauces used both times were very bland and tasteless. Service was fine, price comparable to similar fast food Chinese places  and the food was fair. As a bonus, they offer brown rice, which was nice.
Apparently you can't order things the way you want them here... some of our group tried to order poutine without the extremely cat-food looking beef...they were told they couldnt. Someone else tried to order vegetarian nachos and they came with bacon... The beer is cheap at least.
Don't recommend. Came here for lunch and wouldn't go back. Food and ambience was ok. My drink was weak (essentially $8 for a glass of juice with no to little alcohol). Too many other good restaurants out there so I wouldn't go back.
WC catered our Thanksgiving office party and did a nice ob. We ordered a traditional turkey and trimmings meal. Everything tasted delicious. The turkey was not dry as it sometimes can be, and I was a big fan of their mashed-potatoes and tea (I mix sweet & unsweet together). High marks for a great job!
To be honest, their foods taste really good and the waiter are nice, but the big guy at front door cashier is not very nice and had no patient to the first time visitor!\n\nSo I give them 3 stars! I can tolerate bad foods once or twice, but I can't tolerate bad customer service!
Awesome service!  I accidentally donated my new steamer instead of my used one.  They promptly found my steamer and promptly exchanged it.  They made my day!
They are still working things out. Server issues, food was good but not great. The beer was good . This place has a lot of potential,  they just need a little direction and they will be fine.
I would highly recommend Paper & Home.  I had my wedding invitations made through Paper & Home and they came back looking absolutely amazing! I got so many compliments on my invitations.  Also, Brooke at P&H has some great ideas which helped throughout our creative design process!
Dim sum is served hot and tasty and the carts just keep coming and the women are assertive and try to get you to order the dishes off the cart!  Must better experience this time around
Great wash at a great price, ranging from $3 - $15 depending on how intense of a clean you need. Go check them out!
I must be getting old....just too loud and cramped in this place.  I agree with the previous post.
Fantastic sandwiches!  Their prices are higher than your average sandwich shop but you definitely your money's worth. They pack each sandwich full of high quality meats and vegetables and the bread is soft and delicious. I'm not easily impressed by most sandwich places but this one made my top 5.
Provincial fish soup for taste of mtl was so bad. Like awful. No, it was really bad. I don't think you get how bad it was.\n\nDeserts were the best part of the 3 course meal. \n\nScallops were sandy :(\n\nWould not recommend.
We came in late and were greeted and served by Grayson, he was very nice and accommodating, we had the reverse happy hour calamari and Kung Pao chicken and lemon chicken, food was good, service was great.. Will be back!
Why is your gas at the pump still $3.30 when everyone else around 3.18
Yet another Chinese run seafood buffet.\n\nAnd the usual large crowd, reasonably cooked (but clearly mass produced) foods, and the abundant choices.  The two-star rating is really for all of this kind of restaurants.  I would probably never volunteer to come, but wouldn't object them either.
Employees look like they hate their job. Milkshake was like drinking milk. Food was cold and not warm at all.
Foul tasting chicken. I don't know what else could make me so sad.
Pretty dirty place, but drunk food is drunk food. I was very excited to see that they say they offer Kingfisher Beer, a classic Indian beer, on the menu, but I was super disappointed to find out they did not have any in stock.
Meh, it's just a bunch of obnoxious preppie frat boys. I guess I should have known that going to a golf tournament in Scottsdale. No thanks.
Delivery took forever.  Pizza wasn't hot and barely any toppings on it.  Domino's is way better.
I have been reading a number of reviews about Yocoko and am starting to feel that we got really unlucky.  Went there with the boy at the end of July and both got really bad food poisoining overnight.  I certainly won't go there again.
The Subs here are Fantastic. The Coke machine is unbelievable, I don't think I will ever go back to Subway again. The prices may be a dollar higher. But it is well worth it. Clean Bright, Friendly.
Amazing smoothies. My kids love it there and beg every weekend! They have great seasonal smoothies and general. They take very long to make food and smoothies though.
13SEP2014 @ 1:15pm\n\nMy collegues and I decided to order pizza and wanted PapaJohns. Whoever answered the phone was completely rude. Definitely going to avoid this location.
= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =\n\nThis barely 3 Stars Buffet finally folded.  It surprised me to have it last as long as it did, & I think we're just as well off without it!     :-)
20 min wait for 1 bagel w/ shmear and its not busy by any means. These people are clueless.
not a fan. Ordered the lunch special and it was barely eatable.  I would've sent it back but I was being nice. Won't be back.
Good food, but prices are a little high for the amount of food you get. Decor is really nice.
Eeek! You can feel the testosterone in the air at Caesar's. Look someone the wrong way and you've got a flying fist coming straight for you face. \n\nThe music lacks variety and they play the music waaaay to loud! Maybe I'm just too old for this.
It's FREE, and we never wait for more than 5 minutes...\n\nCan get busy during the peak, but usually we can cram everybody in to fit.\nIt takes less than 2 minutes to get from one hotel to another.
It's a home depot.  Nothing special but also nothing bad.  It's everything I expect from a HD.
I assumed that the manager/business owner would at the very minimum extend an invite to try this place out again and give it another try, but it doesn't look like that is happening.  Its important to see which businesses in the area truly care about their customer experience.
Thank you, Joe, for fixing my MacAir today!  Ahhh I'm so happy.\n\nThis store is always slammed; must say something about it! :)
One of the better Cirque du Solei's.     The technology distracts from the story at times.
I'll continue to order this place over and over for the garlic knots, they are incredible and the ranch is amazing! Portion sizes are large and delivery is fairly quick. Ive had the Philly Cheesesteak and the Chicken Fingers, both of which were great as well as the Frys with both.
Always slow... Just head over to Quik Trip... Life changing!! Ha
Good food and normally that would earn high marks from me.  However, for people me size the booths are just too small.
Taste like a microwave pizza I can get at walmart next door for under $5. Stiff cheese and dried pizza. And it was supposedly fresh out the oven. Spent way too much for this lack of pizza.
Food was good, just as with most fancy places the portions weren't huge despite being $30 plus extra for white rice. Left liking the food but not full or overly satisfied due to the portions.
The one off Alma school in my opinion is better. I love their chicken bowls, but was very disappointed that their chicken seemed to be precooked & came out cold. I would be willing to drive further to the one near fiesta mall.
Not a great location.  The selection of fragrances is sadly lacking and the customer service is sketchy at best.  The layout is chaotic and other than the fact that it's a pretty clean store, not memorable in anyway. (Except for the lack of selection!)  Slow check out as well!
Will not seat you after 930 despite sign and website that states open til 10
Meh. I've experienced better. Honestly this place is overpriced. At 18 dollars a person I felt I had been ripped off! Seriously took less than 30 minutes to walk the whole thing!  I d rather walk the aquarium aisle at Walmart then come to this place again.
I've had Vietnamese and Thai food just about all over the country and who woulda thunk it that Charlotte would be home to the best I've ever had? Bottom line: it is. BIG portions, great price, AWESOME taste. If you're ever passing by or close, make it there.
Great if you like rides and flea market stuff. Food prices out of this world..$10.25 for a hot dog and $3.75 for a bottle of water.Eat before or bring your own. Not worth it.
I went to there salon last weekend. I asked to do medium layer cut she did straight cut and said it's done. This is my worst haircut ever. I am not going here again.Literally regretting my self for choosing this salon.
Can't tell you about the hotel or food here.\nShops are great at the Forums.\nCasino here leaves something to be desired. : /
Warm and comforting \nStaff very knowledgable \nThe 'Water of Life'!
Way too noisy.  Can't hold a conversation with the person next to you.  Food is okay.  Wine is good.
I like to go on a Wednesday for the special fajita's.  It cost like 8bux and its sooo good.  I like both the steak and chicken.  The restaurant is pretty big in there and good for groups.  They are always busy.  The strawberry daquiri is pretty good too.
One word: butler
Reminded me of a smaller version of the Vig - Brilliant food, service and vibe. The deviled egg salad dip was different, and we both loved the skewers. I suggest you get over here real soon. Check out the cassette lined walls near the restroom (I think some of those are mine).
We came here for happy hour and it was great. Service was quick and and I like the location! No veggie items but that is to be expected at a cajun place.
One of the few places in the valley to check independent and some foreign movies. They always have some festivals or special presentations going on. It is not large enough for my movie demand, but is OK for being part of big franchise.
Great food... Great Service... Nice attention to details & a wide variety of food options.  I would sure love some organic choices to be added & some grass fed, stage four, no hormone, no antibiotic meat at some if the nice Las Vegas restaurants... Hope we see that soon!!!
Easy access and good location. Menu limited Mexican options. Asked for the house specialty. Uninspired taste and food was served lukewarm. Dirty glass and prices are medium high for Mexican lunch food. Alot of good competition in the category and probably won't repeat.
The portions are small and the food is pretty average overall.  This place seems to try too hard to be something they are not.  You could get better food at PF Changs and for a better price.
The food is not fit for my dogs...I will not be ordering food from this place...everything else is good. I can't wait for the burrito place to open next door. Tailgaters can watch me eat there. I will stick with the Beer at Tailgaters.
Wow this place is great for kids of all ages. For the little one's there's giant foam block and play kitchen for the old ones they have a gigantic light bright, glow in the dark room and so many art projects. Cost is $7 per person even for the parents. Bring a picnic they have a wonderful area to eat.
had a mushroom swiss burger...it was ok i think Five Guys has a better mush swiss burger
My guilty pleasure go-to place for junk food when I am having a shit week or after a big test. Sure it is a chain but that means consistency. Don't expect Wolfgang Puck flair when you just need a quick and easy bite. The location is super-convenient for students and for those who work on Mill.
Really good food for the most part. Lobster bisque could have had more meat. \n\nHad a private room for a party of 35. Staff could not have been better. \n\nThank you!
Couldn't be better. Enough said!
Worst airport I've ever been to hands down. I travel the world and have been to 100+ to compare.  Only place that sucked nearly as bad was Atlanta but only because of the long walks.
My 2 1/2 year old daughter loved it.  There were even baby chicks in the rooftop garden.  We could have spent all day there had it not been for nap time.  A great addition to the Madison downtown area.
Best Strawberry Vodka Lemonade.
This place had good food...but served 5 different varieties of Shark Fin soup.  'Nuf said.
It was my first time here, and I got the Red Fiji roll. It was great.  I will definitely come back and try other items on the menu.
Stumbled into this place while walking around the Grassmarket area looking for a place to eat.  It is a very small store with some interesting old books.  Take your time to browse around.  The gentleman behind the counter is also very friendly.  I bought a couple of old Dickens books from 1900 for 7 GBP each.
Portions are big, but quantity can't really ever outweigh quality. I don't know how the waffles AND the pancake batter had pockets of raw flour in them, but hey, it is what it is.
I get there when they open one of the first to check in and I sit there for an hour. After they checked into people who got there after me, I asked how long was the wait. She then tells me that she hasn't check me in because the person who can check me and isn't in yet.
We ate lunch at your restaurant today. The food was good but the service was terrible. We left the office to have lunch and sat at the table almost 45 minutes waiting for our food.  Refills on a drink and/or water took incredibly long after the server said he would refill our drinks. Very expensive too.
Overpriced airport drinks (but that was expected).  The waiter was friendly though.\n\n'nuff said
Place is alright. The blizzards are really good, especially the Oreo one. I also love the French fries here. The service in the drive thru can be annoyingly slow sometimes but it's worth the wait when craving ice cream late at night.
WOW!
It's Olive Garden. I've had fast service and I've had slow service. This location can get very busy and very slow at times.  I recommend going mid afternoon after lunch and before dinner if you want to keep from being there too long or if your on a schedule.
Ive only been here twice as I do everything online but both times I was treated with two different and Very nice customer service reps. Both handled me with care and class and I was very impressed.
Would five 0 stars if I could. They never delievered my flowers and never even called me to inform me of what happened. They were just going to keep my money. Will never use them again! Though i did get a full refund from them after I called 2 days later to see what the hell happened.
Very good french food. Lot of local's.\nSteak tartar and salmon tartar was excellent.\nFoie gras on the starter menu.\nInexpensive for the quality served.\nFriendly service.
We went here for nachos after the concert and of course we expected it to be busy but we got our drinks and food in a timely manner. Staff was friendly and fast! I will be returning! Oh and the nachos and onion rings were delicious! Chips were nice and crispy!
Wait staff was attentive but the food was very bland. Nuts in the Kung Pao Chicken looked like they came straight from a Planters jar. Place has potential but they need to step it up a bunch in my book
THE COOLEST Spot in Vegas! I'm not a Vegas girl, but when I do go I love me some Double Down! this place is like a home away from home for me. DRINK THE A$$ JUICE! lol!!
The place is good. Been here for lunch an dinner. Good selection of rolls and sushi. Decent ambiance.
What's the reason for 2 star for this airport? Too much slot machines. I don't like their noisy sound. What about divide this airport facilities for casino lovers and business travelers?
Great food!  The burger was perfectly grilled.  I would definitely go back again to Lenny's when I'm in town.
Not my Fav @Vans_66 Store.\n\nBUT this location has Great deals on clothes and shows like BOGO 1/2 Off or FREE.\n\nBUT I gotta knock them 1 star for NO skateboard equipment!!!
First time and it lived up to expectations.  Conchinita pork was outstanding.  Everything fresh.  Great decor too (as it's name implies)
Took my daughter who was very happy with her manicure and eyebrow waxing.  I waited in a brand new massage chair while I got a pedicure.  Very happy.  Really nice people.
Les meilleurs bagels de Montr\u00e9al !! Il y a toujours beaucoup de monde mais le service est tr\u00e8s rapide et \u00e7a vaut vraiment la peine de patienter.
this is an old Hell's Angel bar....it's a perfect dive bar!\n\nCheap!!
Didn't know where to go off the 215 and saw this place. Even tho it's 1.6 miles off the freeway. It's easy to get there. Excellent food and friendly people. I recommend it. We had breakfast.
Great place to get a quick bite to eat before your flight.
Great place with prices comparable to online shopping. The staff are more than willing to help even the most inexperienced of brewers.
Cool place. Good professional service. Tasty fresh and well cooked food. Good choice of wines by the glass. Being in a rich neighborhood, the guest look somewhat serious and business like. The ambiance, though, is quite laid back. Sure value!
This pizza is the bomb-diggity! From the square pie to the fresh salads, it feels like home.
What else need to get a 5 star .... Great service ...  Awesome and Quality food .... Affordable price ... I like this place ....
Excellent place for good food and a grand ole time! They have a mechanical bull that is awesome for those drunken moments :) and the main reason I'm giving this place 5 stars is because its the place I go to watch my beloved Texas Longhorns!
Great lunch spot near the office.  Decent beer selection and tasty food choices.
I tried the green and white flannels. I'm a New York City girl and the corned beef definitely did not stand up to NYC standards. The whole thing together with the potatoes was starchy and boring. \n\nThe bloody mary was also uninteresting.
I always have the tough choice of Buon Gusto, Windy City and Rosati's. They're all about 2 miles apart.  But I wouldn't throw out 4 stars to mediocre pizza. This is great pizza. I am spoiled having such great pizza so close to home.
Service was great, and always an interesting time on a late Saturday night.
Great Place to eat.  Actually one of the Best pulled pork sandwiches I have ever eaten.  My buddy had the pork burrito and said it was incredible.  The staff is friendly and the business is extremely clean.  I highly recommend Pork on a Fork.
\"Chicago\" pizza? the sauce was weird  and the cheese taste like cheese nips. They aimed for Chicago but it wasnt anything like Giordanos. Service was good but the food wasnt. I wont be going back.
Bleh. Meh. Pff. Overpriced low-quality diner food. Think Denny's quality with a 300% markup.
Had the kalua pork with cabbage plate with Mac for a side. The pork was VERY juicy. Nice taste. I would have no problem eating here again. For those that care. The men's restroom was very clean.
Huge 99 cent store the biggest I have found. Everything is here!!
20 minutes for a small order and we were the ONLY people waiting for food. -_- annoying but love the rolls
Carne asada tacos were good. Salsa bar was nice with 6 different kinds.
Great place to get soul food in the city. You will have to wait for a table on weekends. The wait staff is personable, but seem to be spread thin tending to the crowds of patrons that frequent the restaurant. They aren't the cleanest restaurant, the bathrooms are gross.
I took my car in for inspection and I was literally out of there in 45 minutes. Granted my car is only a year old, but still...And they didn't try any b.s. about break pads, bad wipers, etc. Fast honest service. I'll be returning
Kids love going here. I think it's alright but a better alternative to fast food. I do like their condiment section that you can put on whatever you like. Cookies are yummy.
This Target has a larger variety of products, compared to Wal-Mart that is. The staff was friendly
Can be real cheesy but it gets it's job done if your motivation is to party.  It's nice because there is plenty of space here than most clubs in Las Vegas.
Great job guys!!!
A good barbecue spot. The food is usually not fresh as it is served cafeteria style.  However, the food is good here and if you get it catered, it is actually fresh, so I would definitely recommend their catering service.
Good selection, awesome service!\n\nSome really good stuff if you like specialty beers.\n\nMy only gripe is I wish they were open 24 hours.
Great customer service, great drinks, great food. I love Eli's and would recommend to anyone. Have brought family and friends. Everyone loves it. Go here for a great time and great food. Also live music
Been awhile since I've been to this casino. We visited at night to kill some time and head up to the tower. The place still seems the same and has been kept up pretty well.\n\nI haven't stayed the night at this place, just usually play on the casino floor.
I stop in here about once a week for a salad for lunch. I almost always get the FCN (Fruit, cheese, nut). I stop here so often because the salads are always fresh, the service is always friendly and quick, and I don't have to wait. \n\nKeep it up!
I know they are  attempting to have a FUN atmosphere but the food really sucks. Comparable to Dennys quality of food , to bad they don't have a bar or else they might be identical !
I've been here and always been happy with the color...
A must stop for spring training fans. Always make it a point to come here on our yearly trip.  They're known for their ribs but i havent had anything on the menu i didt like. Love the ambiance with all the sports memorabilia everywhere.
This store is cramped and triggers my claustrophobia. \n\nThey have tons of merchandise and prices are OK. I'm a Forever 21 type of gal these days. Unfortunately Charlotte Russe designs their clothes to look cheap. \n\nI only go to CR for the jewelry, not bad.
Great simple Chinese food. We've been going here off and on for years and I'm addicted to their garlic chicken. Staff is helpful, prices are reasonable, and the portions are generous. A good, safe bet for Chinese food.
from the music to the coffee to the furniture this place gets it, or at least gets it for me. i havent had a bad coffee there yet. the brownies are super rediculous good. the music is loud and not on the radio.
This is a great Chinese restaurant.  It's a very nondescript restaurant, no flourishes - just excellent food!  We ordered the steam flounder with garlic and ginger sauce, string beans with garlic and pork, and black soya sauce chicken.  Really, really good food.  Give it a try!
The staff here seemed very stuck up to me. Not the place to go if you are a beginner. If you practice often, this may be the place for you, but if you like warm, friendly, helpful staff, find a different studio.
Wait staff is rude and restaurant is empty.  He seemed to be nicer to the ladies in the restaurant.
Most incompetent people and the service is horrible.   Biggest disappointment, \nRun and dont look back.
veerrrrrryyyyyyyyy dirty. I think I will buy them some clorox wipes and light bulbs for their sign out front. I made 12 u-turns trying to find this place.
horrible,  horrible,  horrible customer service!!! they only care about money... not their patients! !! do not go there!!!!!
Amazing chicken fried rice!  The staff is wonderful!  Best Pho in the area, tons of flavor! HIGHLY recommended!
It's nice that they serve alcohol here but the food seems really bland. I had the fried rice and orange chicken and really was not impressed. Sorry guys.
You get to see the doctor with in moments of walking in. The staff are kind nice and very professional. I will return because they help me and I leave feeling better :) \nThe lobby is not clean tho you have to wait in a area that is quite nasty and it smells funny.
holy crap guys!! update your website. you have posted memos and events dating early 2013. 2015 is around the corner. I even sent multiple emails to the director of the facility. Been over a month and haven't even received a courtesy email.
The food was good but the service was very slow both times we went. Next time we will order the food to go.
Nice to sit and people watch for sure... not as much fun if you want to go to Target and either dinner or a movie without moving the car.\n\nI do like all the seating areas and water/fire features they have.
Had chicken avocado sandwich really yummy! Save room for ice cream! They have Blue Bell!
My wife & I went this buffet restaurant for lunch recently. In our opinion, we sampled many dishes, including the Mongolian Barbecue & also the sushi.  All dishes are average.  The waitress was friendly.
Food is very authentic & delicious but seating is very limited.  Reservations need to be made at least 2 hours in advance.
I had a first time appointment with Mark today. Great haircut, the best I've had in years. He really listened to me and spent a lot of time ensuring that my cut was perfect.
Found what I needed fast, store seems organized, but when I went to check out, the line has 5 people, and we have one person to check is out! I see 4 other workers just standing around and no incentive to help out! Will not return to this place, can just go to target or Walmart for anything they offer here.
If you're in a touristy old town, you can' be surprised by a tourist trap.  Margaritas were strong, but food was overpriced.
The DEPRESSING country music in the Gilley's blackjack pit makes everyone want to fall asleep or cry.  If you must play country, at least pick something a little catchy and upbeat!
I've had several procedures done here,and none of them had any effect, so they just suggest another procedure. The staff can't even manage an IV. The place seems drab and dirty and they are only interested in scheduling expensive procedures. Make sure you have great insurance! Or better yet, find another doctor!
Service with a smile plus honesty -- hard to find in the car care industry. I'd like to give a shout-out to Jesse, who hooked me up with lots of free services. I will be a client for life.
Nicest patio downtown. There are much better wait staff downtown. Get the beer or wine. Stay away from cocktails. Food = pedestrian.
What a treat! \n\nWe opted for the sit-down restaurant experience and the breakfast we had (although pricey) was so delicious. \n\nI didn't know Eggs Benedict can be this good! \n\nService was great too.
Seriously the best gelato and sorbet I've ever had.  Try the chocolate sorbet. You won't be disappointed.
You must be an extreme carnivore to eat here.  Menu is hard to follow.  Nothing but pork and beef.  A little snooty.
Great music, burgers, drinks and cozy. Good for a first date  great little place, can't wait to try it again.
It's so, so mexican food. My husband loves it- I think it's a bit greasy. La Canasta on 7th St is way, way better. The salsa they put on the table is a little too hot for my taste as well.
Beautiful plave and lovely to spend time in any season of the year.\n1 star is taken off of it due to the drunken tramps.(raggedy men rather than slutty females lol)
Don't go here, incompetent employees! Go to a shop that backs up their work and won't try to rob you!
Surprisingly bland and tasteless, but must be popular, as it was very crowded on a Saturday lunch.  Beans are delish, tho.
Basic pizza place downtown with downtown prices. The pizza was good and the guy working was really nice but the music was way too loud for an early Wednesday lunch and I didn't feel like the two slices and soda were worth the $8 price tag.
Amazing donuts  and great owners. Thank you for being open on Christmas, we devoured each and everyone of them. So fresh and yummy, I will never go anywhere else!!
Nothing noteworthy at all- really don't know how this place was rated so high. Atmosphere okay, service okay, ice cream... Just okay.
Love this place! In addition to little finds now and again, I bought my dining room table and chairs there. They are my most loved furniture. Like everything at FL, high quality and unique. Too bad they moved to St. Joe.
Best buffet is Las Vegas!!
Loved it!  Authentic Mexican, quick prompt service, the mole was delicious, great price points.  Will visit it the next time I fly into Phoenix!
Very short staffed which creates bad service. Very long waits after you order, especially waiting for order to be taken. Food is below average despite low prices. Our server did the best she could despite being a very busy day. Management is not very involved except to check out every woman that walked in.
The food is on par with any decent casino buffet, but having to pay full $19.99 price for a 5 year old is a bit ridiculous IMO, so definitely skip it if you have kids...
If I could give this show 10 stars, I would. YOU NEED TO SEE THIS SHOW. One of the very few times in my life I've laughed so hard I cried. KEEP IT UP ABSINTHE
Great food and the best service I've had in years! Robyn took great care of us! I'll be back
Very disappointed, place didn't smell right when we came in, maybe dirty mop water, also the paper and plastic ware was a set back, ordered the chicken and waffles,  chicken very good, waffles was so so, brought a friend with me and had to apologies to her for bringing her. Won't be back.
Worst experience ever at Outback, ordered a steak med well, it came out med rare, sent it back only to get a burned well done steak. This is the last time we eat at this Outback
I left my backpack here and got back!
Always consistent probably the best deal in downtown. Food always good and price wise you can't go wrong.
I feel like Primanti's is the Pittsburgh equivalent of the Billy Goat in Chicago. Crappy food and crappy service, but people tell you to go there for a slice of nostalgia you don't care about not being from the city or ever planning to return. \n\nDon't waste your time.
Quick delivery and cannot stress enough to register for email deals because i never pay full price.  Savings up to 50% off regular price!
Love this place.  The steak and flank with an over easy egg is the bomb!!  Plus they make great pot stickers!!
Really wasn't impressed. Completely forgettable filet.
Horrible experience. Super long wait. Got in at midnight, 2 people working... Line was not super long but it took 10 to 15 minutes per person! Will not use ever again!
Awesome food!  Can't go wrong with the bean burrito!
Clean restaurant and incredibly tasty food. It's a must eat place for me, even though it's 10 miles out of the way!!!
Tried a few of the manicurists here before I settled with Cecilia. Meticulous quality!
Just average in my opinion. Waitress was friendly but not very attentive. They were out of half the stuff we asked for, even iced tea. Was reasonably priced and OK for average lunch or dinner. Not on my favorites list but I wouldn't say no to eating there again.
In a 5 star hotel, a better consumer  is expected. these guys think just because they earn money, they can do whatever they want. No more business for them is a good punishment.
I've been going here for about 4 yrs.Cleanest nail salon I've ever been to! Everything they use on you comes out of a bag. Not all salons are sanitary which can cause health problems. I will never go to another salon again!
Superb place and superb food
Reserved a table on a Satuday night, they were very busy so the service was slow, that took away from the meal since there was so much time between each visit by the waitress. About the third time I've had dinner here and it was the least memorable.
This place used to be my favorite.  But now, am very disappointed with the quality, service, and the portion, the three major factors eating at a restaurant.  \n\nI would go somewhere else, there are more options in Vegas.
David is a lecherous schmuck. All the dirty jokes coming from dirty grandpa have got to stop. The illusions were great but the schtick    was pretty tasteless. Annoyed amazed annoyed. If that's what you want that's what you'll get.
Excellent addition to the neighborhood. $7.75 for any pizza or create your own with as many toppings as you like. All one price.
If your are looking to just lift weights, it's a decent gym, otherwise don't waste your money.  They claim $15 a month cancel whenever membership, but they fail to mention a yearly membership cost, and it's somewhat of a pain to figure out how to cancel.  I would not go to this gym again.
My family and I have been eating here since 2003.  I love their food, and atmosphere.  Very much like eating at mom's house.  Portion sizes are enormous, so either split the dish or be ready to take half of it home.
The buffalo blue cheeseburger is delicious.\n\nSmells good had to stop\nCan't get enough of that blue cheese buffalo burger smells and\nTastes so good you got to try it.
Dr Brown was great. Friendly and helpful. Explained everything and even threw in a little podiatrist humor! His staff was great too. My foot is so much better. Will be going back.
I went to Asie Moderne to try one particular dish.\n\nI ordered their sour soup with tripe and beef.\n \nI was very happy! I grew up eating Cambodian dishes and the soup taste just like my mom used to make it.
Huge selection of cute tops, skirts, dresses, accessories at great prices.  Perfect for going out to casual dinner or club!  Super nice sales people!
Great that it isn't part of a casino. Rooms are very nice, I would totally stay here again. Nice that it is close enough to things and yet on the outskirts enough that you don't have to fight traffic to get there.
I ate here for the first time recently. I had the best banana bread, served warm with a side of butter.... I had an omelet with bacon and avocado and bell peppers. The service was average but the food was great !! I'll be back for sure
I do 97% of my families shopping here. I love the bakery that this location has! Some of their prepared meals are better then others just like any store. The Indian ones are actually quite good for Indian on the go. The meat  and their cheese selection is always awesome. The staff at this store are great, they are always friendly and helpful.
OK classy bar within Aria. Expensive cigars and OK service. Really...that's it. Oh the girls there should tuck in their big \"ears\", it's not sexy nor attractive. It gets old.
This is my goto restaurant for moules and frites.  The beer selection is quite large and kind of $$.  Wine list is really good!  Stop by, you'll love it.
Love, love this place. I was in Pittsburgh just for a day and came here by accident, the views of Pittisburgh are amazing and the drinks were really good. \n\nI didn't get to try the food but I will make sure to come back here next time I'm back in town.
I love this museum. The architecture is gorgeous. They have great collections. My girlfriend and I went to see the Modern Mexican exhibit last Wednesday when admission was free. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. It was my third visit to PAM and I always leave feeling energized and inspired. I highly recommend it.
Like working out here with all it offers.....steam sauna pool jacuzzi classes and weight equip.   BUT Owners please steam clean bathrooms and fix broken worn out equip!
Terrible restaurant - my friend got very sick twice on the sushi and their frozen drinks taste  toxic.  Servers and bartenders rude and arrogant.  Glasses dirty and crowd sleazy.  Board of health should be checking out this place!
One of the better hole in the wall places in Vegas.  The sticky rice is a great compliment to the curry dishes.  I'm not a big fan of Thai BBQ, but I hear from most people I know that this is the place to go.
I hope there was a good reason for Steve to flake on his appointment for window tinting. Attempted to contact him multiple times with no answer and no return call. Waited in the heat for a half hour outside his shop on Valley View before giving up.
Went to this place for breakfast for lunch with my sister. It was fast friendly service and they were quick to refill my sweet tea and awkward requests (I mix and match slides). \n\nMy sister ordered pancakes which she had no problem with and returning to the South, the bowl of grits were delightful.
Beware of very high tuition costs with very little results. Not worth the money.
Nice place with decent girls but they not very hands on.  Throwing money out on stage was just a waste.  Was not even offered lap dances.  My wife and friend were treated the same.  Also $10 cover for a topless bar is kinda high.
Besides paying $120 for 3 pizzas, it was good and was perfect after partying for two days.  Pepperoni pizza was the best out of the 3.
Waited in line for an hour with only 10 people in front of us. Finally got my ice cream and it was like milk. I was told that it tastes the same and then charged 7 dollars for it.
Bad Service at the desk.
Look no further! Arbor Care Tree Service is my \"go-to\" company that consistently provides high-quality, professional service to all my Real Estate clients and friends.  They are extremely knowledgeable, prompt and reasonably priced.  I highly recommend--5 star company!
AND they get the 5th star for the kalbi slider.  nom nom x100.
This review was posted in error and I don't know how to delete it so I am just changing the star rating to five but I have no experience with the shop
Someone recommended The Great Greek and boy was I impressed! I had the grilled marinade shrimp with extra pita bread...sooooo good! The restaurant was clean and the service was food.  Will definitely be going back.
good ice cream but small place.. if it had a little more space would have been nice to sit and eat the ice cream
Attentive and very friendly service. Best combo fajitas I have had in years. Nice decor and atmosphere. We will be back. Best Mexican food in the area. Great location with plenty of free parking in back too.
There is black mold on the food!!!!\nDon't ever eat here you can get really sick. I told them and showed them after we already had a bite and they didn't care. So messed up
I have not had their lunch but I can confirm their pasta is very good. Worth a try.
Try the egg salad sandwich! You won't be disappointed!
Brought my phone here after living with a cracked screen for months. They were able to fix my screen in barely an hour and I got my phone back like new. Would definitely recommend this place to friends and family...far and away cheaper an easier than getting a new phone!
I like this place as it is close to home and has good beer.  With that said, service varies and can be lackluster.
The price of the rental was more than our airline ticket.  This location is where all of the rental cars are held.  It was hard to find and I will not rent from them again.  At least not in Vegas.
Very reasonable price for what you get. , I'm going back this weekend  for brunch
Great location, great prices, Great Big Clean Room!!!! Free internet, refrigerator and coffee. Great staff! This is my secret hideout while in Las Vegas!
Lukewarm food.\nIndifferent service.\nSteak full of gristle.\nThank God we had a coupon and didn't pay full price.\n\nBlechhh!
Love the pick 1,2 or 3 option! My favorites are the spicy glazed sweet potatoes and the soba noodles!! They always have a great selection of fresh lemonade!
We love the ribs here.  Watch out, the spicy sauce is really spicy.  The location is nice to grab something for a tailgate party.  Never disappointed, although the place looks like a dive, it's actually really really good.  I wish they still made pulled pork sandwiches, maybe someday...
Great food, . fast.  We carry out from there at least once a month, sometimes more.
I was pleasantly surprised when I walked into the Vogue Bistro last night. I was expecting something cookie cutter, but this place definitely was not. The Vogue burger was delicious. My husband and I brought out of town guests and they thoroughly enjoyed themselves. Great atmosphere and martini selection. Will be back for sure!
I wanted so much to love this place but alas we did not. We went for lunch and the food was so so, a bit pricey even for the strip, and the outside deck wasnt even open. Not bad but not great. 2.5 stars.
very good steaks but too pricey for what it is
If you stopped here then you got lost. Like me.
The line here is super long and the drive through is deceiving.  I do enjoy the red velvet munchkins and their sausage breakfast sandwich is definitely eatable.  The problem here is that they get your order wrong nearly every single time.
Food were nice but way too expensive. We waited too long between orders (waiters said too many orders and they all messed up). The waiter set us in an awful spot (in a grim corner). Last order around 9:30 PM or earlier, be prepared for that.
Meilleur pizza dans le coin!
They offer several weekend brunch option that include cocktails!! Large patio will be fun this spring! Will definitely go back.
I had not been here in years and they used to have their own brewed wheat beer and it was great. Unfortunately, they no longer brew their own beer but have a lot of local and world beers to choose from. The food is good but not great. Way better places to eat in Vegas.
This is a good place to get most of your asian stuff.I came in here looking around and I got a box of roasted pretz for 1.99.I just had a few a minute ago and there very good,the snack section here is ok the one at 99 ranch market is better though :)
Wonderful fleet of aircraft! As an experienced pilot, they have the right tools for the job. Wonderful staff and owners. Highly recommended!
First time here, and I must say they have great pastries. You can taste the quality of  ingredients i.e the strawberries or real vanilla bean. Look forward to our next visit.
Have had better hibachi for less of a price. It's ok... Prob wouldn't go again maybe only if I wanted a quick snack of a couple sushi rolls.
Everything we ate was AWESOME!!! What a cool place! We will definitely go back !
Meg is a true healer. I have experienced more pain relief and increased range of motion from these few months with Meg than I have from years physical therapy, injections, and medications. Meg has my highest recommendation.
really good food and not expensive
Kerol prepares authentic and absolutely delicious Malay cuisine.  The mee goreng and beef rendang in particular rivaled some of the better options I've come across in Kuala Lumpur and Singapore.  The prices are a steal for the quality and quantity of food he provides.   I couldn't recommend Kerol's business and cooking highly enough.
Great food , live music. Lots of fun
I've only been here once, but thought the food and service were both excellent, and the portions were nice and generous. I wish they'd given us the authentic Hong Kong menu to choose from (there are two menus), which was the only disappointing part. I guess it just means we'll have to go back.
Decent buffet. Didn't have much but had a lot of what they did have. I like this buffet because they offer grapefruit juice. Also I like seeing the flamingos outside the window.
Great variety of beers on draft so my wife can always find something to enjoy.  I'm obsessed over their Dunkel.
A drive-in theater in the Las Vegas desert? Not far from the strip, it's a no brainer! I had a great time even though I didn't smuggle in any booze or weed. Wink.
Don't let the fact this place is in a gas station fool you.  Extremely clean, and the food is fresh and good!  Nachos are amazing.  The main guy that works is fast and nice.
I would go there just for the smell alone.  \nOriginal dishes for lunch or dinner.  Plenty of healthy sides to choose from.\nFriendly and knowledgeable staff. \nBonus points: Accidentally took a vegetarian with me and they made her a custom salad on the fly.
Very trendy, really loud and fun
Great Customer service. The guys are really down to earth, funny and help out how ever they can... and the prices are unbeatable!
Food was good but the management was very substandard. No greeter at the door for several minutes, long wait to take order and longer wait to get food. The sound level from the TV was painfully loud. I couldn't wait to get out of there!
The drinks are awesome. While the food is pretty good, It adds up since they are small plates. Don't go there hungry, but more so to enjoy drinks and an appetizer. Always prepare for an hr wait.
This spot just doesn't do it for me.  Flavors fall short.  Vegetables are over cooked and soggy.  \n\nThe service is fine. The location is nice. Overall the food was mediocre.
Greatest hidden gem! Fabulous fine dining under the sparkling lights and a tree covered patio! They offer everything from unique sandwiches and salads for lunch to occasional Winemaker Dinners. Truly a wonderful dining experience complete with a gorgeous golf course view hidden within the hills of Estrella. I will definitely be returning soon....
Literally hadn't been here in years. Went today to see 'Takin over the Asylum' and it was a great production! The theatre itself is beautiful, very classical with a massive chandelier and everything! Students get \u00a35 tickets on Wednesday matinees too!
This is the worst Chinese food I have had could not even finish meal...ordered general tso's chicken with egg roll.  I do not recommend this place.
Horrible advice about pools, not properly licensed, very poor attitudes, and they have very questionable business practices... stay away
great new york style pizza. super friendly & fast. dine-in is a little iffy but food is good. pricy=large delivered with wings @$40
The food is pretty good.  they have just about everything here, except Bathrooms.  Big bummer.   Drink service is sort of slow.   Overall good tho
I think if it costs 12.95 to wash my car, at least they could do is make sure my windows are clean. My floors still looked like it wasn't vacuumed either. Lastly, there was trash still in my cupholders.
Tried to schedule an appointment today as a new patient because I broke my hand in a motorcycle accident, and was turned down. Receptionist said they take one new patient a day and as of 6/14 they are already booked until July. What? No sense of urgency.
Got takeout.\nQuick, courteous, clean.\nA bit greasy for my tastes, but certainly within expected for Chinese takeout.
Always on time and great to work with
This is one of my favorite places to go on a date.  Classy establishment with great service and it's not gonna break the bank.  Make sure you check out the bathrooms before you leave.  And order some \"Celebration\" as soon as you sit down.
This is my favorite sushi place! I love their happy hour specials and all their sushi rolls. Everything is high quality, ready quickly, and served by someone friendly.
Food is made fresh... its good, quick and easy!  Only drawback is that you are essentially eating on the casino floor  ...but got to watch a hockey game while I ate.
Always falls short. Is it a coffee shop or place for the employees to hang out, while they get paid. cleanliness is horrid\n\nupdate 8/21 they stepped up their game fresh bagels and pastries hot yes hot coffee. Maybe a redemption,good show.
Great experience. Truffled tater tots, deviled eggs w/ caviar and more truffles!, and a short rib benedict  with even more caviar!!! what more can you really say??? Sit down, relax and enjoy an overly indulgent breakfast or midnight snack.
It's aightttt. Kinda pricey but good food.
Having not stay here just passing through and checking the place out; going to the strip and heading to Sugar Factory.  I had to encounter a couple employees of this place and they employ the rudest and nasty attitude people ever.  So as an avid Vegas visitor I will not be staying here if this is any indicator on how they treat people.
S'ok. Like the new location, new drinks, and layout. The Grand is cool place too. I like it better than the old spot and the they are one of the few spots to do live jazz in Las Vegas at the moment.
Gross. The carne asada tasted like dog food, and I think my fish was bad. \n\nI will never eat here again. \n\n(Sorry to the nice guy working behind the counter, I  in no way blame you :)
Came here for one of my girls 30th bday. This club was alright  if you wanna here House music all night long!  That's all I have to say!!
I really love this place! I come here about once a week, mostly for notary service. Always very fast and they are open 7 days a week! I'm coming back here for other services for sure! I like the friendly and professional service!
interesting concept, does not do much for me since I am a girl.. though it is still amusing to find out that there are real girls dancing behind the scene, not a pre-recorded projection....  the bar itself is chic as expected of a Vegas lounge.
Go there for mani/pedi's - some techs are great and some are meh. Prices are high - paid $90 for gel mani/pedi. Way too high in my book.
I LOVE Cafe Rio to pieces but tonight they ran completely out of napkins and no horchata or any of their lemonades. The line to pay took forever. Our food was ready long before we could pay. Just a bad night I suppose. They know it's dinner time so they need to pick up their slack.
Yummy rolls, delicious Korean dishes, and yeah, really really yummy rolls...Very attentive service. House made kimchi, and all the sake you can drink after 6:00pm. \nThey just keep bringing it! WOOO HOOO! \nWOW.
for reals, don't do it.  You can find cheap tables here but I wouldn't stay at the hotel unless you got a super good deal and you don't mind a lot of noise.
The restaurant is clean, and service was friendly. The beef terriyaki is tasty. I've had better Hawaiian BBQ chicken elsewhere. The protein portion was small. Considering there is not much variety of eats in Buckeye, this place is a good alternative to the fast food joints.
Charlotte-Douglas is a fairly nice, yet huge, airport.  Dining options are varied, and this airport has a lot to see and do during layovers.\n\nRocking Chairs are a huge plus :-D
This place was not busy (compared to Durant's), but I don't understand why. The food was better than Durant's and a little more affordable. I'm constantly on a search for the best key lime pie, and after having their key lime pie with shaved ice, I think I've found it!
So awful. Ghetto people and douche bag manager. If you're looking for a classy Vegas experience please look elsewhere.
Just what you'd expect from this staple in the sub business, but friendlier than any I've seen before. Maybe that's because it's not on a college campus. Either way - 5 stars it is!
Nice pleasant place, but the service not so much. The cashier seemed like she didn't want to be their and they got my order wrong. Unless you like ok food and shitty service highly recommend!
So many times we've come and waited over 20 minutes in line whether you drop off a prescription or pick up. So inconvenient they need to be open 24 hours just so that they can see everyone that stops by. If I can help it I will not be using this location as primary pharmacy.
Pretty good they catered to our swim team did a pretty good job didn't mess up any of the orders. The food tastes the same as the others so nothing special there
Love having this burger joint on my street. Plenty of options on the menu and the service is quick. Love their fries
if you like Cheesecake Factory, this is def your spot.  the drinks are ok and the food is ok.
Best sushi east of Los Angeles!!!! Great staff and great atmosphere....owner is friendly but always seems to wear his little brothers t shirt!!! Love this place and food is fantastic!
Dragon and Las Vegas rolls are pretty good. I am not much of a sushi fan, so I think that says a lot. Sake bombing there is fun and the atmosphere is good for anyone who doesn't mind college adults. Service was pretty good and tried to be very accommodating even though we didn't order much.
Love this Place!\nIts something different, everything I have ever ordered has been excellent.\nThey have a great happy hour check it out.
This place is NOT GOOD. DO NOT EAT HERE! It's the worst place ever!
The iced coffee with extra cream is my all-time favorite. The donuts are good but not amazing. The other food items don't look as appetizing so I've never tried them. The 4 stars is for the coffee only.
Mmmmmmmm.....I must go to Mercurio's every time I'm in Shadyside. I love that you can get multiple flavors, which is a big help for indecisive people like me.
I believe they are not here anymore. Stopped by and it's a different restaurant
The paint work is well below average and fails in less than 2 years. And he will not guarantee it beyond one year. Use him only if you plan on selling the vehicle soon ad have on qualms about burning the next owner.
Traveled to Cuba this morning and had a Cortadito.  Great atmoshpere.  Service was a bit slow for my coffee, but the staff was working really hard.  Definitely going to hit this place up again.
Surprisingly enough, I was in and out of this crowded place with what I needed in less time than I could admit possible. The staff was friendly and anticipated my every need. Kudos!!!
Holiday Monday!!  Double stamp day! What a way to start the week!!  We tried the lumbr
Hip atmosphere, hip employees, hip music, hip location, mediocre food at Rockefeller prices.  Meh.
Staff here is always super friendly. I always like wondering the store and looking at all the strange, weired, funny and sexual adult items.
Seriously, this is such an awesome store, however the store manager is just awful!  Go to Meadow's instead.
In the middle of ghost town with no where else to go (and the closest McDonalds 30 mins away) this place hit the spot. It's a basic Mexican restaurant with an awesome happy hour and good food. I've experienced the bar and wait staff, and both are helpful and quick in providing service. No complaints here.
Huge portions for the price and the food is good!\nMost dishes should be shared.They have freshly made jam on the table, must try
The customer service here is so poor it appears Walters Golf has one foot out the door in the golf business.
There seemed to be an ownership change happening and the service was awful. My gel cracked off within a week and now I really am at a loss as to where to go. It will not be here, the prices for service exceed the goods received.
The food is  quite good and true to home style cooking.  Very friendly good service
It's a really good place; clean, prices are reasonable, excellent customer service. Dave's took care of my car repair, and explained me very well what's needed to b fixed.
Delicious chicken and even better waffles. The sweet tea is great but sometimes it can be too sweet. Give this place a try!
I had the opportunity to enjoy many of their menu items today at lunch.  I would HIGHLY recommend their Chicken Curry dish.  Very flavorful!!!
Mexican Benedict zomg!
First time eating here food was excellent great service and they have a full bar. Prices are really good well worth it.
Great food, found a new favorite
My tacos were good, but my rice was yellow (?) and the refried beans looked oldish.  My margarita was yummers though. I liked the decoration, and I'd probably go here again 'cause I really like this hotel.
I've always thought this place was just ok. It still is.
My favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. I have never ordered something that I didn't like. I take my out of town guests here and they all love it too. Highly recommend. I never thought that a french restaurant would be my favorite, but definitely give it a chance.
If you like pork belly, this is a place to try. There is a call button on every table. Bring a group to enjoy more food. 5 or more gets 18% included. all can eat dinner is 21.95 Enjoy!
Fun place to go with friends for the first time. Had to try the 22\" hot dog. Friendly staff and lively atmosphere. Good location, right behind arena and close to hotels. Came, saw, and conquered...
I, as well, am glad I didn't have high expectations.  There is hardly anything to the hamburger, which were very flat and charred on the edges.  The onion rings where slightly better but not the best onion rings that I have every had.  How about some more meat to those burgers.
Excellent Mexican food! As close to the real thing as I've found in Montreal, it's decently priced and the staff is super friendly. Also very fast service.
Total hidden gem.  The food is amazing and for someone who is not vegan or vegetarian, there are so many options!  Can't wait to go back and try more!
Yeah, I wasn't crazy about their pizza, either. It was a typical doughy type pizza. I didn't have any of Darren's sub. The cannoli was decent. Delivery was pretty fast, though.
I really enjoyed Muramoto. Great service and it's difficult to not overdo it on ordering endless rolls.
First time there today and I was blown away by their service. I am super picky when it comes to my nails. Both Rene and Mike made sure i was 100% satisfied each step of the process.  Rene did my French gel manicure and mike did my French gel pedicure.
Great people working here.  I was need of softball cleats had lots of choices to pick from and prices were great. Will always tell people to shop here.
I have ordered here countless times and it's always been good. Tonight was the best and I wanted to say thank you. From the ease of ordering and paying online, to all the new options and possible combinations, to the speed and professionalism of the delivery man. By the way, the pizza was delicious too.
Stopped for dinner and had an excellent meal. Was very good all the way around, food and service was excellent. We will be back for sure The only bad thing was we sat near the front windows and they need washed really bad..
A lovely visit over the summer - just down the street from the apartment we were staying... this place is an old-fashioned ice cream parlor.\n\nI had a really cool ice cream with Cardamom, cinnamon and pistachio nuts.  One scoop is enough - HUGE!
The food was so gross!\nIt was greasy and very bland. I very disappointed because the reviews were so generous but I will not go back. Plus their sanitation score was 91.5! Way too low.
If you are looking for a place to buy high quality pet food at very good prices then look no further, friendly staff, clean store.
The smoke smell did get to me during my visit. The slots were fun and we did enjoy the casino. My kids enjoyed the bowling and workout room
Casino Only - Fun place; great atmosphere.  Helpful staff; The Buffet is great for the price.  I recommend this area of the strip and Harrah's is a fun area.  Check out the Piano Twins if you get the chance.
I walked in & literally walked right out.\n\nNot my cup of tea......or beer.
We came away disappointed. The course is on a hill so the ball is constantly rolling into the edge. There also aren't very many obstacles. Needs a lot of work. The people that worked there were very friendly though.
Best Cajun burger maybe ever.  Solid mushroom Swiss burger and fish fry.  Plenty of TVs to watch sports.  About 12 quality beers on tap and a decent selection of scotch. Pool table and booths up top. great local bar.
First the bread tasted stale, hardly and steak on my sandwich and the cheese tasted like craft singles yuck! One good thing there fries are great.
Not a bad airport at all!\nSecurity line was much better than in the past.\nTaxi line moves quickly too!
I am blown away at how awesome they deliver with good food. The avocado train is amazing with the softshell crab the rainbow roll sexy roll, if you love sushi this is heaven on a plate!!
It was alright but i find the burgers to be bland. The root beer float was delicious.
Best Thai food in Charlotte, no contest.\n\nIMO it's hard to find good ethnic food in Charlotte, this being the ONLY exception.
I'm still a fan of Olive Garden, but with the \"Never Ending Pasta Bowl\" Special having ended for now, the value is reduced a little bit.
It was alright but I've had better!
The pharmacy here used to be amazing, but in the last six months they've screwed up my medications so often I had to get their corporate offices involved to fix my billing and get the right meds. I've moved on.
Nice shop. Will work with you on price if you ask but it's limited depending on the bike you want. Overall HD presentation won't compare to AZ HD or Hacienda, but that lower overhead may save you money.
Do not use roadrunner carpet care.  They are running a bait and switch scam.  They will give you one price and when they come, they will say that your carpet has dirt in it and will require more money.  Stay away unless you want to waste your time and money.
$30 for 2 pulled pork sandwiches and a lemonade. I don't think it was worth it. It was just \"meh\". Atmosphere was ok, lots to look at. I would much rather drive a bit further to Joe's Real BBQ for the best Pulled Pork sandwich in the state.
Cool place. Went here for my friends ASU Graduation ceremony.
It appears the LFC is closed. Last few times I have been by, it has been dark..Sad to see it go.. When it was good, it was really good....just a shame that they were so inconsistent.
Authentic food and great service, a go to Indian getaway from the strip! Not as full for an early dinner, full menu and about 2 miles from the strip!
Really cool & interesting veggie options, cool atmosphere, nice area, what more could you ask for? They even have a giant selection of pies! Voted best veggie restaurant in madison, but half of the menu or more isnt veggie, so everyone will be happy. Check it out.
My local Chinese spot never disappoints me... Good service (for a Chinese restaurant at least) fresh and fast I go at least 4x a month!
Great place! The long wait was worth it. Really enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Their Hot Georgia Peach sauce was absolutely killer.
A sagat award restaurant, and deserves it! Love this place, every time I am in town. I'll try and stop by, located in Sam's Town. It's worth it!!
excellent, unpretentious French comfort food in a classic bistro setting. reserve at least a day in advance as the place is packed.\n\nthe bone marrow appetizer and the two mains of kidney and quail were perfection on a plate. service was efficient and friendly, the server translated everything skillfully
Their Happy Hour just changed- Everything cost more and they got rid of a lot of their food specials. Even prices on drinks have gone up especially pitchers of Modelo, so beware before ordering drinks if you've been there before. Sticker shock on your Check!
I just didn't feel welcome. It was a small place and that's no problem but I just was never comfortable here.
Great location. Angela is the bomb! Outstanding service.
The pizza is fantastic. Super yummy and close to the house for takeout. The price... no ma'm. Way too expensive for anything beyond cheese. It's a shame, I'd have this pizza once a week if it were a little cheaper.
Had the burger, onion rings and milkshake.\n\nBurger is OK, onion rings not worth it, milkshake ok.\n\n\nFor me, this place just wasn't very remarkable - other than the fact its in a strange shaped bullding.
Very helpful and took the time to let us test different flavors and decide on what we wanted to purchase .Was a nice change of  pace to not be rushed like a few other shops I have been into in the area,  very knowledgable  and I recommend  make it a first stop when in the area!
Wonderful business. Staff was very helpful, thorough, and delightful.. very accommodating! Will return.
Thank you for a great happy hour! Def recommend! The bartenders were fantastic and attentive to my drink preferences (salted rims!) Head over there your next time on Mill Ave!
The rolls are really huge and the price is really good too. Whenever I want to grab sushi I don't mind taking a bus and go to Sushi Fuku, I've evangelized my friends too :)
This place is fabulous! The herbal pedicures are to die for. The staff is always super friendly and it is such a quiet and calm atmosphere.
This is a great new bar downtown.  The drinks are great and love the decor.  Can't wait until it's warm enough outside to sit out on the roof deck.
One of the worst Asian places in Pittsburgh. They have had health code violations in the past - a huge issue, especially for a restaurant serving sushi. The staff is not helpful and frequently is rude upon taking orders. With so many other great Asian places nearby, there is no reason to visit this one!
Cupcake pops were too moist, didn't like the outside either..they were too cold.\n\nThe cupcake I had was just ok, nothing great.
Waited over an hour for our food, and it was pretty gross. Breadsticks were dry, bland and near inedible. Pizza was overcooked and unimpressive. Also ordered a cup of ranch, and it was slimy and thin. Not like any ranch dressing I've ever seen! Would not recommend.
Everything I was hoping it would be!  Guy rocks!  Best breakfast in Vegas!  The burrito, the stuffed pancakes, the French toast and the famous loaded Bloody Mary's were all best in class.  Table service was first rate.  But how about some XXL t-shirts?  C'mon man!!!
Wife's Pulled pork was mushy like Baby food .\nMy rib tips were half rock hard and greasy. I had heartburn for 3 Days.\nDid somebody say \"5 Star Chef \". Well I guess things happen, but then again, there was hardly any cars in the parking lot.
Great place. Cesar was very friendly. Dragon dog was very hot and full of flavor. Carne asada fries were amazing!
The food was just ok, I had spaghetti and my wife had fried chicken. I was expecting more because we really like their pizza, this was the first time we ordered other things off the menu. I will say the fried ravioli were pretty tasty though. I think from now on  we'll just stick to getting their pizza
Just grabbed a quick snack. The banana was good. Otherwise far from my favorite bakery
I love the food here omg and 12.45 for 3 well vodka coke drinks!?!? Yummy!  We had a blonde servee...marcia...merc....something... but she was nice :)
The food is great.  I'm so happy to have found a good Chinese restaurant nearby, great customer service, and great lunch specials.  The dinner/weekend prices are a bit steep, but lots of food and definitely worth it!
The place was clean and decent. Express Mani doesn't include any cuticle work. They didnt clean under any of our nails before applying polish. Hope your not going for the massage either. Its quick and fast. $158 plus tip for 3 people and none of us were happy.
was good, but pretty sure it went out of business
Ok, I could give you a 4 star ONLY because it was a bit slow, but the food is so yummy! and I just want us locals to help them grow!!! We need more unique food places to go, and great wine too!! ENJOY!
I really enjoyed their chicken tikka masala, lamb saag (maybe spelt that wrong) and a simple made mango lassi here. With the 20% discount here, it is totally worth it! (Believe me, i have had horrible indian food..)
This place was alright. I would go again. I ate the pineapple fried rice and had some calamari. Another time I had sushi, which was sub par but not terrible.
Service has gone down hill since my last review.
Food was about average, the service was good, but the portions were tiny. Only got 6 shrimp for 10 bucks, had to eat something else I was still hungry. Definitely wouldn't recommend.
This is a big place.. but rooms are just okay.. a bit outdated.. i had ants in my bathroom..
Wow super fast drive thru and super friendly drive thru staff!!\nDidn't give five stars because I wish my sandwich bun would have been warm er =))\nfor fast food i leave a happy person.
Food took forever to arrive.
Great if you need coffee on the north end of the strip!
Outstanding selection and fair prices! The staff is very friendly, and the store is clean and loaded with cool stuff. Classic systems, games, and accessories - great for older gamers and collectors. And, better prices than Game Stop!
Worst service ever.. Because we literally had no service at all. Saw the reviews but seriously if no one greets you after 8min. Left. Service was awful
Follow up on my Pryor comments about Troy not noticing us. Well Troy responded to the review in person. He took the time to sit with us and took the time to chat with my wife and I. Once again great food and Service by Troy And Brianna and Allysa.
Food is great, everything actually tastes so good here. HOWEVER, the service is just AWFUL. Mainly because the bald waiter has such a bad temper and is just plainly rude... Furthermore if you don't leave enough tips he will shout at you -_-
The service was horrible. The waiter bring me my Bloody Mary drink and spill it on me.
It was OK. A Mexican restaurant without con queso is crazy! Food was average at best. Service was good and the strawberry margarita was good but the food was not impressive.
This is a first class place with great atmosphere I am definitely coming back here food was awesome.  All you can eat sushi at lunch for $14 is an incredible deal.
The staff is awesome, they are always so happy and passionate about what they do. Dr. Stewart is amazing, she takes such good care of our little Elphaba. We would highly recommend them to all of our family and Friends. Thank you for all you do for us.
Their Kari Mee soup is fantastic on a cold winter's night. I highly recommend ordering it extra spicy, and most importantly they deliver!
Very expensive, but testy. Amazing lobster salat and soup of the day. Did like the service only.
Cool marina style bar, however the food is seriously lacking.  Can't stress this enough, a $10 burger should be something special. Go for a HH drink and grab In-N-Out on the way home.
Horrible service.   We waited 10 minutes before we were acknowledged and given a menu.   We had onion rings and split a bbq wrap.  The onion rings were good but the wrap was not.   Our waiter was a joke.  I don't recommend.  This was really our only option near our gate.
Renewed my  CPR/BLS for healthcare providers Nov 20th 2013.. This was an excellent class, reasonably priced. Tom the instructor was great. Class was 4 hours long. Will be back for next renewal.. Highly recommend  Prism.
I've been going to Grimaldi's for years now.  They've got a great pizza.  Super thin and crisp crust.  Fresh mozzarella and quality toppings!
I love this place. The food is fresh, tasty, and looks beautiful too. The staff are awesome, and it's a great place to eat and not break the bank. One of my favorite places to find Mexican food.
OK, I know this is classified as a \"dive bar\" but the smell of vomit was so over powering last Sunday night that we walked in and walked right out.  My friend had the dry heaves all the way to the Saddle Ranch.
WOW! I just happened to be hungry and wandered into this amazing little place! \n\nI bought the fresh baked pita bread - yummy, the hummus - very good, and the most delicious baklava I have ever tasted in my entire life! \n\nGo. Get. It.
If you like loud music and hearing even louder F-bombs being dropped then this is the place for you.\n\nFood is okay but bar service is poor. Pretty bad when you have to repeatedly ask for silverware and a drink.\n\nWith all the other great places around, why waste your money here.
Get the pesto drizzled on your pizza. Yummmm!
This place is HUGE for a cycle based shop.\n\nI went to find a decent leather jacket for street riding ... although they had a ton, there were none to my liking.\n\nThis was just my shopping experience (and nothing against this place) ... so your mileage may vary.
Nice little BYOB (Beer & Wine) restaurant in the bistro style. The chef obviously has a sweet tooth, everything was sweet, including the salad. Yes, even the salad was sweet.
One of the best places to find high quality organic foods for reasonable pricing.  We were able to sit outside at a table with a fire pit which just made the experience even better.  The drink list is extensive and all that we had were super good.  Will be going back to try something new on their menu.
Have been to several other \"Best of LV .....\" burger joints and always disappointed. Not here! Fresh, tasty, hot food :) Restaurant is always clean. Personnel is always friendly & professional. I will return and return and return.
View is amazing, service top notch, food is innovative and fresh. Pasta is to die for! Must try this location for a nice view of Bellagio and for spaghetti!
I thought that I would give them a try while I was in town. I tried their chicken platter as it was suggested by the hostess. I explained that I really enjoyed chicken shwarma and I I was told that this was  their version.\nU was disappointed with their rendition.
they went out of their way to make our stay as amazing as possible.  they accommodated a party of 12 without batting an eye and comped us appetizers and deserts without us even asking.  seriously a class act all the way
Quite possibly the worst Giant Eagle in existence. Super small, carries no vegetarian items, except sad fruits and vegetables that have collected dust for weeks. People seem to come here for lottery tickets and Diet Coke. Those they have.
I personally don't really do the club scene anymore but I had to go here because they have a mechanical bull that's free to ride. Besides that the drink prices are what you would expect in a club. They have a huge dance floor as well.
If you need to use a fax machine, this is your place to go. I've only been here several times for ink and to use their fax machine. Their back to school sales are pretty awesome, so i usually only shop here during late summer/early fall.
The service staff were friendly and the atmosphere was generally nice but the food was terrible.  Five of us all ordered very different dishes, but every meal that we ordered was like a salt-lick.  Too bad-- could otherwise be a decent place.
Terrible, only had it because we had a free voucher! The food was stale tasting, the flavor was either stale or over seasoned. Some wasn't even hot anymore
The Skinny: Encountered rude staff. \n\nThe Fat: Pit stop, the mall seemed decent but because it's also Arizona, they get a one star anyway. I absolutely hate dealing with rude staff.
Seriously the best pizza place I have found since moving to the \"Arcadia\" area! The staff is friendly, the pizza is affordable, and they sell slices if you don't want a whole pizza! If you like traditional NY pizza- Try it!
This place was expensive, but you also get what you pay for, and it was worth every cent.
Not worth it...
= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =\n\nThis great restaurant & much more burned down this morning.  How sad!     :-((
Food was very good.  BBQ pork yummy, good local beers and very good service.  Would come back again.
I enjoy CKs.  It's a dive but it's a comfortable dive.  The food is decent, the live music is always enjoyable, and the daily specials are a staple.  The happy hour is 3-7 daily and there are reverse specials as well.
We have been several times now and are always pleased with the food and service. A good reliable place to eat.
Came here late one night after an event in Phoenix, to have a few drinks and snacks.  The nachos on the won ton chips are delightful and very different then anything I've ever had.  I absolutely loved them!
Ate breakfast twice here during our stay.\n A little pricy.. food was actually good but not worth 50 for two!!
Ugh pretty horrible. The food was standard if not below typical Domino's quality but the service and cleanliness could use a definite upgrade. \n\nMaybe we were a little drunk and annoying, but everyone employed there was, like, dead in the eyes. I couldn't wait to get out of there.
I have been to many places  around the Phoenix area for airbrush and mystic tanning, and I've had my share of horror stories as well! As long as this place is here, I won't be going anywhere else! The tan was natural, even and lasted great! :-)
Sushi is okay. Service needs to be better. Good discount for MWU student and good happy hour.
The food here is great, very authentic.  The service however is horrible.  Two of us ate here on a Saturday night, there were only two other tables and two waitresses, they both should be working somewhere else, preferably where they don't have contact with other people, their skills were really lacking for a hospitality business.
hostess was rude, overpriced, don't waste your time and money.
I've only been here once but thoroughly unimpressed. When we walked in the bartender was outside smoking and told us she would \"be right in.\" We waited several minutes before she returned, seeming annoyed. She then left once again to go smoke. After the first pitcher we asked to order another and she audibly signed
This is my absolute favorite, go to place. Great prices, amazing food, friendly staff.  This place has it all, AND they are accommodating to kids without being a \"kid place\".  If you go you have to get the Bruschetta.  It's from heaven!
I am not sure what the hype was with this place. We ordered the oxtail and you could not eat the meat off the bone. It couldve been that they were closing. Will I give them another shot, maybe if there wasnt any other places to choose from.
Better than Denny's but that really isn't saying much. The staff is very attentive, a meal can be about fifteen minutes depending how quickly the food is eaten.  The menu is better than Denny's. All casinos have a place like this there is no avoiding it, late night drinking or gambling leads to these type of place.
The food is good but a lil' pricey, however the restaurant is open until 2am; so that's very convenient.  The service can be better but I'm used to Chinese restaurants, they all kinda have an attitude. You must try their deep fried tofu ~ it's delicious.
Horrible overpriced store with expired or poor brand name products. You can find 60% off nearby. Don't let these people con you into 2nd rate overpriced products.. You can get many of these products or even better ones online for much much less.\n\n Buyers BEWARE!!!
Big portion but the same dish everyday. The dishes are average, but it is still decent for quick convenient takeout
JJ Gargantuan is really delicious!  Also the bread was fresher than the other locations I've tried.
Service was good, attentive.  Pitcher of Marg, ok\nFood, Not very good\nDont think its all fresh Or all made on site
We've been eating Cary's Pizza for years and have tried all the pizza in town. Cary's is the best! Hands down! I would have given them 5 stars if the prices were lower.
Murder, heteronormative seexxxxy gypsy women and S&M man-dragons with a delish roast yardbird.  Dildo helmeted Russian king, flamethrowers/explosions.  Midgets....booze........horseys.  I had a good time
Horrible buffet. Roast beef was dry, fruit was old. Limited desert selection. A couple items were ok like pork egg rolls, salisbury steak.
I usually stick to one and only one sushi place but this is near my work so I decided to call in an order.. I got dynamite and it was amazing!! Unlike any before. A bit pricey but defiantly worth it!!
If you enjoy the taste of tobacco with your meal then this the place for you!  We had to walk out without ordering.
Great spot, was just visiting for thanksgiving and made it out to jalape\u00f1os, I had a great lunch and the staff was very friendly and the prices we good. I will return.
Ordered the chicken pad thai and the yellow chicken curry. Both were excellent. I felt as if this would be the exact flavors i'd be tasting in Thailand.\n\nI'm almost sad I hadn't been there before. I've been missing out!
T. rex was all different types of sausages. Not too much of a fan of this item, maybe because what we ordered. They need to give more gravy here.
Loved the ambiance of this place. Very chill, trendy, and homey. Everything feels so familiar..in a: I feel like Im at home drinking and listening to music with friends kind of way. Possibly because it is a bar inside of a house? Will definitely go back!
Excellent. Loved the bread and the gumbo. Great outdoor seating. Great staff.
I went there tonight with a friend and we experience this cultures food for the first time and received great help with learning about the different meals very positive experience thank you
I haven't found a better Thai place in Pittsburgh yet, and I've been trying.  I can't stop eating their Spicy Basil, which is fantastic.  This is probably my favorite place to eat in the South Side.
The experience at Marcellino Ristorante is perfect and I love their new location in Scottsdale!
We came here since we were at the airport right by. This is a smaller Chipotle but it was sooooooo clean and the service was great!\nPlus I'm always a fan of chipotles and this one definitely represents the company in a great way!\n\nYum!
College cafeteria quality pasta and salads with self service and a surprisingly high price point. Pass
Good food. Sushi is my all time favorite food, so I'm a tough critic. Wasn't the best I've ever eaten, but it was good. I'd recommend and eat there again.
The whole staff is awesome about always accommodating me and my girls' needs. The Dr. takes his time to explain what he thinks and what he would do if it were his own doggie. My girls love being boarded there. Thank You Ark for always going above and beyond what is expected! I really recommend this place!
Good price. The only issue I had was with the dryer. The digital timer is not working properly so it's difficult to determine how much time is left to manually dry your vehicle. They seriously need to spend the money to fix the meter!
Their recommendation of Paneer Tika Masala was fabulous!!! \nNice portion, its not too big.
waited ages (at least 20mins) in the hotline to arrange pickup, the person on the other end was not really friendly! Be warned! Take a cab on your way back, it's not worth the hassle!
Yum yum yum!  Each visit is better than the visit before.  Always clean, over friendly staff & oh those fried pickles, yummers.  I'd love to try everything on the menu.
Went for breakfast. Service was friendly and fairly speedy. Unfortunately food is mediocre at best, can't say anything really good or bad  about quality.  What I can say is it was a bit small for the price. Denny's and Coco's are much better.
Just average, crab meat does not taste ocean fresh, could be from a can. Service is just average. Would not go back if there is another lay over in Charlotte
The staff is nice .... Tables never seem to be clean and treys the beef brisket was great except for the bread
Any Yelper that gave this place more than 3 stars must either work their or be friends with somebody that works there.  TERRIBLE.
Worst experience ever. They messed up my order twice. Tacos were soggy and hardly had anyway meat. Customer service was horrible to. They were rude and had no customer service skills.
Was told $63 for trip to airport. When we got to airport. Eric Heywood the manager who picked us up he charged 70$  I wasn't happy. \nHe talks to much and is dishonest. Not a good deal. Very disappointed. Also is rude to clients while calling. Do not use this taxi company
Me and my Sir had a lovely experience with authentic European costumes, German handcuffs, and lots of other fun items to try out. The owner and his lovely helper were absolutely wonderful and welcoming. We will definitely be back and ordering from them in the future.
For the price and size it was okay. I was not too impressed because in comparison to the other pizza business, it is about the same. The advantage they have is the crust.
Most creative frozen prepared foods available. They make great starting platforms for family and even company dinners. Friendly staff and good prices. And you can easily park.
This place has a lot of cool stuff but it is over priced and you have to wait for an hour to do anything there. The bowling game is limited to an hour and will shut off on you when your time is up regardless of where you are in your game. The gravity ropes were a two hour wait. Not worth the time or money.
Everyone was super helpful. Good prices. Didn't try to push me too hard on adding things I didn't need. Very happy with the service.
I recently discovered this little gem and will definitely go back.  I really enjoyed the comfy atmosphere and all the very friendly staff members. The bruschetta and wine were really good too! Great place!
Do not stay in the west wing the tower is what your're looking for! The west wing is outdated and crummy!
Bland food, service is ok.   If you want to go to a restaurant\n\n\n\n\n\n\nBland, bland and more bland.   Nolhing exciting here,  just a formula chain eatery.
I went because of the reviews.   I left to save my brain cells.  As soon as I walked in the door I got a headache from the heavy oder of chemicals.   I have no idea how people can stand it.  I have never smelled a salon that toxic in my life!
I was new to the area and looking for someone to touch up my color and give me a trim.  Was I lucky to find Jenny.  Color matched perfectly and my cut is better than ever.  Thank you Jenny!!!!!!!!
Mmmmmm.  New flavors to try (pana cotta, apple, pineapple)!  Staff was super friendly and helpful.  The gelato was delish and reasonably priced.  Open til 10 pm on Fri and Sat, which is purdy dang good for Mesa.
Good ice cream, decent burger...games, cartoons on the wall made specifically for this place, right on the corner in Old Town...great place for families and kids.
Close to South Point Casino in Las Vegas ...so you can gas up and head out without going out of your way.
They change their menu base on fresh food they get. It's the only real Italian restaurant in town. Good place for gathering and family.
Need more selections!\nGood thing I got the Buffet of Buffet 24h pass.
Service is slow, but food is alright. Not many options beyond burgers and wings.
I love their organic burgers! It is extremely pricey, but the flavor is there. Typical hamburger with excellent succulent juices flowing through each gram of fat in the hamburger meat! :-)
Our dog LOVES this park. It is quiet at times, but the people are so nice. The scenery is beautiful.
Chips and salsa...MEH...\nBUT-\nThe blackened chicken soft tacos are tasty for a little hole in the wall fast food kind of place.  I was definitely surprised.  The staff is so nice. Worth a shot to check it out for a little mexican snack.
A 1STAR this time around means mediocre food coupled with absolutely horrible service.  Really?  45 minutes to get us two sandwiches that weren't that good?  \n\nSave yourself the trouble and go to Jack In The Box.
WTF. A Starbucks with an awesome view. Bet you the store on George Street is pissed.\n\nW.T.F.
Still getting good meals here.  No complaints.
No one to help at all. Best part was the fitting rooms. Not a single one was clean anywhere in the men's department. Seriously look at the picture.
I love this store! Great job, wide selection, very knowledgeable and helpful staff. I'll be going back there again soon!
I LOVE THIS PLACE. They give you a ton of food for an incredibly reasonable price and the lady who works there is so sweet and friendly. Their preparation can be a bit on the slow side so if she says \"20 minutes\" give it a solid 25-30. Totally worth the wait. Really good.
Roaches in the bathroom.  Dirty and cluttered.  Saw that they were on dirty dining after we ate there.  YUCK!
This is one of my favorite places-I eat here all the time and leave happy, full and feeling  like I ate healthy! Love the Amy Turkey-O sandwich as well as the Organic Vegetarian Vegetable soup which is one of the best soups I have ever had-vegetarian or otherwise!
They don't offer Pear cider anymore...Boooooooooooooo Bring back the cider!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love it here! Great food and drinks and the staff is amazing!
Im a New mexico native living in vegas and this is the only place I have found that can satisfy my green chile craving. Good prices and large portiins.
I've never been disappointed with a smoothie here. I like to try a new one each time and it's always great. Great place and always busy. \n\nThey could have a little friendlier staff, but they're young so it's understandable.
Front Desk was rude and not helpful whatsoever. The rooms were small and when we got to our room there was pee in the toilet still. Would choose a different hotel if I was you.
I always get in and out pretty fast.  The servers have always been very friendly.
The service was good. The food was good. The ambience was good. The bathroom floor was dirty. The table was sticky.
Good food but way overpriced if you're going to spend $100+ for two people and you will even without drinks here go somewhere with a nice view instead!
The artifacts blew my mind. Beautiful exhibit. Given less than 5 stars based on the rule of no photography. There were so many things I wanted to capture!
Went here before a Phx Suns game. DELICIOUS! Everything on the menu looked amazing. I forgot what it was called, but the open-faced steak sandwich was my favorite! All the dishes were even presented nicely! Will definitely eat here again!
A hole in the wall place that serves outrageously expensive flavor-deprived pizza with no drink refills
Both Fuego steakhouse and amigos cantina give great service and good food.  Trying out all the station casinos accommodations and for 50 bucks a night it wasn't amazing but it wasn't bad either.   The walls are thin so  be careful not to be too nosy but all in all... Great stay!
what does Bosa stand for???
Stopped into AJ's This afternoon and their BBQ on the patio is outstanding.  Great Big Fat Hot dogs off the grill and Fresh Hamburgers and Chicken.  The patio is very relaxing.  Great food and great people watching in North Scottsdale.
Stopped at ms during a badger game.   The staff was attentive and the beer selection was pretty good.  The interior was plain and the place had zero energy.   I cannot say it was bad, just not a place i want to revisit.
No good.. Eat pho few times a month. This was one of my least favorites. Broth was like warm water.
Good price and best when busy, carts keep coming. Have had some cold shrimp but over all they do a good job
Beautiful location! However, save your $ on the pretzel appetizer. It was burned on the outside and raw and dense on the inside. When I asked the waiter about it, he advised, \"that's how it is\".  Save your money, go to the mall, and get a Wetzel pretzel
why by a mac when you can by food cheap elswhere that keeps you full for longer and doesn't support a multi national.\ntry a local cafe,you might be surprised and find something different.
Wings are good, Mango Habenero is a great combination of sweet and hot. The beer is always cold
They we really busy when I came n to pick up my order the manager on duty helped me right away the only reason I rated them a three is because my order was wrong when I got home and I had to come back with no compensation.. Almost perfect
This place rocks! Can dine inside at a booth with TV or on the patio w/ your mut! The aju sliders are delish!
Large group of underagers here, horrible and overpriced drinks too.\n\nThe venue actually isn't terrible, but I've been in this place once, and will never return.  I have plenty of better things to do.
Does not update phone listings or web listings when changing offered films. Drove twenty minutes to see a movie, was told at box office \"oh, we aren't showing that tonight.\" You would think with their pretentious chain attitude they could manage simple technology. Don't waste your time.
why do these guys suck? how hard is it to ring a bell to see if the receiver is home?  I've had multiple issues with them, and wish Amazon would stop using them.
Went to an event there last evening, their walu is to die for, fresh and delicious, not to mention their selections of different maitais, i will definitely suggest this place for an evening night out for happy hour.
Great place for a beer!
Big hotel. Not bad. Bathrooms way too small I had to dry off outside the bathroom. Priceline for good rate.
Good food. Good service. Also, they have that new soda dispensing machine. Already have a planned return.
I only come here for the whole roasted duck.  And they do a good job for that item.  Nothing flashy, but solid.
My son loves airplanes so we went here for breakfast on Sunday. It was a perfect spot for us. The planes pull right up to the cafe and park. The food was great. We had the spinach and feta cheese omelette and French toast. We will be back!
Nothing fancy about this place. Just good old-fashioned thin crust pizza. Take-out only. And you can buy a bag of fresh pizza dough for a dollar.
I'm sorry but I just did not like this place. The staff was very friendly. But the food. Not to my liking. My BF enjoyed his burger. The fries with gravy were OK, but didn't have a lot of flavor. I thought everything was pretty bland.
I have certainly had worse dining experiences. The service while not really existent is at least not rude. I will say that the portion size for a $23 Combination Pan Roast is the worst I have ever seen.
The ice cream Sunday I got was tasty but the service was poor.  They were out of vanilla, the cash register wasn't working and I got the feeling that the cashier didn't want to help me.
If you find a \"deal\" on a 3rd party site for a low rate room: Beware. The smell of our room was foul. There was no cleaning/towel change service. There was no wireless - despite paying for it. Had I known, I never would have stayed there. Also - not good for families/kids.
One star is being generous.  As we were checking in we observed hookers taking their \"Jon's\" into the hotel and we watched one get kicked out by security.  The rooms are filthy, I didn't feel comfortable walking bare foot let alone take a shower. The carpets are stained and the bathrooms are disgusting.
Paid up front and never got my cards or my money back. I am still trying to get money back and he said to call my bank and claim through them so bank insurance will pay back for it. He shouldn't have a business license.
This was honestly the best burger ever! So juicy and so flavorful!! This is a must try and should become a place for everyone regular go to burger place! The owner is so nice and so is the staff. Please go check it out!
God, I miss Panera Bread.  That said, this place is a distant second.  It's soups and salads are very good.  The sandwiches are consistent and good for a casual lunch.  Bakery is ok.
I have been to many Afghan restaurants in the bay area and have often been disappointed when i goto new restaurants with \"afghan\" cuisine. I really enjoy afghan food and found this place to be of very good quality and I thought the environment was very pleasant and the food was very tasty.
Brea has sadly hung up her gun to stay home with her kiddos, but is sending her clients to Designer Shades in North Scottsdale for a fantastic Airbrush Tan. www.getsunless.com
food on a scale of 1 to 10 was a 4. small portions for the price, place was clean and neat but in a low budget strip mall. . service was good and helpful i would give it a 6... over all rating for me would be a 4.. just to pricey for a low budget place.
Pizza is solid and good selection.  PRICES ARE INSANE.  Two slices and a drink was $11 or $12.  This is an offense to anyone who has ever been to NYC.  No reciept.  Kinda silly.
This is fast food Chinese . Most dishes are deep fried but it's quick and reasonably priced. Best dishes are orange chicken  being beef and king pay chicken,  add a little chow me in and you have a  De ent meal
no more giant whoopee pies.\n\nboo.
Showready did an amazing job on our front and backyard! Their bid came in lower than previous bids and they gave us a quick start date and  they completed our entire project in only 3 days.  And that included the lights and picket fence that was added after the job had started.   We highly recommend Showready Landscaping
Wonderful house specials, including scrambled eggs (breakfast), potstickers, curry, ribeye steak, and green tea.
Thoughtfully prepared food. Very attentive service from manager and chef.
Cute little shop!  Friendly staff who is very helpful.  Great place for Massage Therapist to get stones, books, music, etc.  I will be back very soon!
Service was excellent, food was good.   It just took way too long! I will try it again another night but dinner took well over 2 hours.
Closed down a while ago and is now an Italian restaurant.
Not the best.  Doctors, nurses, receptionists are not very personable.  Took my son here recently for baby well check up, don't think I'll be coming back.  Nurse stabbed shots into my baby's leg like it was raw meat.  My old pediatrician's nurse would never have given shots like that.
I wish there were more choices for Internet. Fastest Internet? I don't think so. Might as well be dial up. Constant interruptions on our cable too. If you call customer service they aren't very helpful. I think their prices are high. Switching this year.
Coming soon...\n\nApril 1\nJB Pastrami\nJoey Cheeseburger Special\nMe Steak and Shrimp special (not on menu)\nBuffalo wings appetizer\nSlow/inattentive service.
Just so so!
If you enjoy cold food, served on cold plates this is the place for you.  Bring your canteen as well if your thirsty, drinks are scarce.
Nothing too special about the food, quality is ok. Very small selection of items to choose from.
Service was attentive and friendly. The price was good for the amount of food you get. I got the traditional beef pho and it was delicious.\n\nTip: you can get a mix of meats in your pho
A very good place to go for dimsum.
Went to Deana Phelps for the first time today for a haircut.  She was great. She listened to what I wanted and was very pleasant to work with.  I will go back again as she made me feel comfortable. Love my hair !!
I'm from OC. Pho is bland. Grilled pork salty. Service sucks. Not kids friendly. Didn't provide sissor to cut up Pho. Overall not good.
This is a nice arena. It is small enough that there is not really a bad seat. The seats are more spacious than your average arena or stadium. There is plenty of parking and the lot is easily accessible off of Swenson St.
Asses quesadillas were great
I just ordered the. Assiette de Cochonielles and it's delicious, great quality of food with great presentation..,
Overpriced mediocre food. $18 Spaghetti was GOD awful. $13 or $15 Sliders (4) sans fries had diameter of 1.5 inch. Frozen hot coco was underwhelming at best. Vegas has more to offer than Serendipity.
No higher than two stars. Service friendly. Food expensive, yet very basic. No wow factor here. Chart House a better choice. Medium crowd, yet they put us right at tables next to one another limiting privacy.
And yet another great night at Roka Akor! The food is unique and the service is great! We went for happy hour on June 16th and as always, excellent! Even if you are doing happy hour, try the hot pot on the main menu! Stan and Pamela!
Such a shame but a sign of our times to be sure, this location of Tortas El Guero has closed it's doors. The locations in Phoenix and Mesa remain open and are still supplying us with delicious food!
I have to say I was really nervous for my first bikini waxing, but Char (Charlene) so was nice and professional, she totally calmed my nerves and made the whole experience much more comfortable than I thought possible. I would definitely recommend her to anyone and I've already booked my next appointment!
Food was delicious! All that I expected from a gyro combo and more. The Greek salad had lots of flavor and generous amounts of veggies & feta. I highly recommend the feta fries. They are delicious! The customer service was excellent & very inviting. We'll def be back for more Greek goodies.
Meticulously organized and a great selection. Definitely worth a stop.
Get like 20 spam masubis.
Goyemon is still my favorite AYCE sushi restaurant in town. Their specials have been better and better each time we come and AYCE dessert is icing on the cake. The wait is really long most nights, so we have made it a point to go at the beginning of the dinner shift to decrease our chance of a long wait.
as i stated in my last review this place is fantastic from the valet parking to the host to the wait staff and the food that come s ou tof the kitchen oh and the ambience you will not be disapointed
In Vegas, which is referred to (in my mind) as the Lost Island of Ex-Pat Kama'ainas, this our family spot for Hawaiian BBQ.
Stiff drinks, doubles priced like singles, a lounge (in the very best sense of the word) masquerading (appropriately enough) as a bar.  I wish I could turn down a heretofore unseen alley - or walk through a wardrobe - in Chicago and find myself sitting at the bar.
Long wait but worth it. Great food and service.
Have eaten in the bar twice now.   Food is very good but service is spotty.  First time it was great so we came back. Second time on a Sunday night it was very weak. Definitely need some improvement in this area.
Smashburger is good.  I prefer In 'n Out, but I can see why some people love this place.  The restaurant is typically clean, but some of the staff seem like they may use drugs.
Absolutely disgusting unless you like Totino's Pizza. Pretty sure the Italian Sausage was cat food.
Packed.. shuffled in,  shuffled out line was short to get in and cover was 20. A long walk from the entrance of the hotel.
I've been taking cars there for more than 15 years whenever they need exhaust work. They do a great job and are extremely reasonable.
I don't feel the need to write an incredibly elaborate review for this place, but I will say this... their burgers rival the best i've ever had. I miss this place so hard. Fat Heads, I love u.
Just my first visit, but I really like Natural Stitches. They have a wonderful selection and the staff was very friendly, helpful but not overbearing. I like the size of the store too, space to relax and shop without feeling cramped or dirty. I'll definitely be back (frequently).
The woman working was so rude that I didn't end up buying anything! I asked about the bread and the attitude she had was enough for me to walk out empty handed.
SO awesome! I drive from Indian Trail just for the Lunasagna. So fresh, healthy, filling, creative, DELICIOUS! Small place, so get there early (or late!).
Fun ice skating for adults.  Love the firepits and alcoholic hot drinks.  Better for hanging out than skating since the rink is so small.  Only advice is get there by 8pm to avoid long lines for skates because  supplies are limited.  Last time people had to wait for skaters to return their skates because the supplies were so low.
I bought a tune-up for my bike a few months ago.  Yes, the people are hipster and so is the vibe, but the tune-up was only mediocre.  My brakes are still maladjusted so I am going to have to take it elsewhere.
As a Californian, looking for good Mexican food I have been disappointed in Arizona. Enter Rio Rico. The owners are from Cali and know what I want, homemade delicious food. The service was fantastic. Very kid friendly.
Capastrami is the best sami in town!
Tried the Atkins plate, corned beef, cottage cheese.  The beef was good. Fine Deli cottage cheese. A bit expensive.
Horrible, horrible, horrible.  I have no idea why this place gets the customers it does. CUBED chicken. Absolutely disgusting. Xtapa Joes is the bomb and its two blocks away. I will never eat at jalape\u00f1o inferno again.
My kids love the Go Karts and there are a couple of fun rides if your children are 10 and under. The place can be a bit pricey for what you actually get but once or twice a year it's a fun place for a couple of hours with the kids. The pizza is actually bearable.
You will be the 10th person in line and you will wait for only 2 tellers to get to you. And wait you shall...
The service was lousy. An elderly attendant w/glasses was very short with us customers.  I had to repeat my order for coffee. She said have a nice day; but in s way that felt F-you. Geeeeez.
Treehouse always has yummy cupcakes that are just the right size.  It's my chocolate fix rescue more often than not:)
This location needs to work on their horrible customer service. Staff isn't friendly or helpful. Associates don't know how to multi-task efficiently enough to assist more than one customer at a time.. This store price matches, that's the only thing I like..
The service and food were amazing.  Booked the reservation 3 weeks in advance for our 22nd wedding anniversary.  We were given a table near the kitchen and bathroom.  Thank goodness my husband is so handsome, which gave me a better view/experience than the restaurant was offering.
Hair in food.\nThe end.
Great food, great atmosphere, and great service!
Very disappointed , found hair in my burger .. There boneless wings was nasty , the sauce was so thick and caked on like frosting ....  I would never return back . I wouldn't give any stars but I had no choice too .
Twice now we've taken our A6 to Chandler Audi and have been quoted astronomical repair costs. This time, only 3 months and less than 2400 miles after the 60,000 mile service they say I need very expensive work.   Hate them.  They really gouge you.
Not great people to work for... however i'll still give them 2 stars for the fact that the products are top of the line for a slush bar. And you can mix flavors and customize the liquor that goes in because they all start out virgins :)
Fairly good food- I'm a fan of their gyros salad and the lamb kuzi is especially flavorful and succulent. Portions are rather small, though. Ambiance is nice. Service is better than your typical Middle Eastern restaurant.
Great service! They took a great deal of time with me and there was no pressure in the sale at all. Highly recommend!
Garbage. The meat is like old hamburger meat they try to Mask with sauces and Banana peppers. A sad imitation of a Philly Cheese steak. Go anywhere else with you hard earned nine bucks.
My boyfriend likes this place but when I went in to pick up his food I saw a roach crawling on the wall ewwww disgusting never going back again
Read in the paper this location has closed! It was a decent place to eat at the handful of times I went there. Hope something good goes in its place fast.
Came back after 5 months to check it out again. If you want a beer and watch a game it's OK.  There is no reason to eat here. It's mediocre at best and nothing stands out. Too bad Arrowhead needs more quality options!!!
We go for the mimosas in the morning (delish!) and the kids eat free (after 4pm) specials as night. I love the indie-vibe this restaurant exudes, while my husband loves the fact that there are so many local beers on tap.\n\nWell done.
Great customer service and good food
Awesome bar scene, great vibe, terrific food and lively crowd.  Great place for a event dinner, or to warm up for a big night.
Charles is AWESOME! My Chihuahua's Louie & Chloe LOVE it here & they LOVE Charles! (and they hate going ANYWHERE!) Thanks for being so amazing!
For nostalgic purposes only. The ice cream and sundaes are weak and it is looking so grungy and run down these days. Get your sweets fix elsewhere.
Very friendly staff. Great food. The girl at the register also took the time to work with us on our order so we got the best fit for our family at the cheapest price. Great service!
I don't know why people said so many bad things about this place. I accidentally ended up at this place. 6 sliders of reasonably big size were about 10.xy$. The sliders were yummy! Don't know if they improved their quality or I was lucky!
Flatbreads were great. Wife got 4 cheese and loved it. I had the steak and mushroom which was amazing. Service was wonderful. Steak Fries could have been cooked a little longer. Not a lot of seating. Curious to see what will happen in the summer since they rely on outdoor seating a lot.
Most likely will not visit again. Overpriced for what you get. Slow service and cold food is unacceptable when there was one order before us.
The music is way, way too loud.  When will restaurants realize that most travelers crave a tranquil, peaceful oasis not a hard walled cafe trying to be a nightclub. \n\nSpoke to the staff and the music drives them crazy too. All round seems like exec management stupidity directing the show.
This place is great! I love the noodle bowls and kapow with chicken here. I eat here several times a month and am satisfied every time. Best thai in Scottsdale by far!!
The food was good, and it was a fun experience to share with friends, but I have to say, it's WAY overpriced.  We spent $120 for two people, and we were not full.  In our opinion, it's not worth the money.
i ordered the chicharron del pollo it was awful. I think the chicken was soaked in the dead sea it was so salty. The peas and rice was better but not fantastic. This was very disappointing.
Great service!!! Reasonably priced.
good Gyros, ok fries. burgers are typical and good, but the cheese was awful!  i could definitely come back for the gyros. nice place! a good friendly service
Best nail place I've been to hands down! Mimi, Karen, Sean, Lani and Susan are all amazing and very friendly! I've been going here for almost a year now bi weekly for my gel overlay and pedicures!
Beautiful location but all of the empty tables are dirty, it took 8 minutes for our chai to be ready and it isn't even busy!
Amazing views, good music and if you're staying in the palms it's obviously convenient. It's $14 for a drink but so is everywhere worth going in Vegas.
Nice one time visit. For those with kids, there is a water park with little squirting water fountains.
Skip this place. The coffee tastes burned and stale. Service is far too slow for an airport.
Its a very nice decorated hotel.  needs more cocktail waitresses and cheaper beer but still a nice visit.
Have always had a great experience at this location. The customer service is always fantastic and the coffee tastes great. Wish there was more to write about, but it's just a great place to visit when at Tempe Marketpalce.
pretty good veggie food.  I've had breakfast, lunch, and dinner here.  French toast, tofu scramble, museli, salads, sandwiches, lasagna.  They have a pretty decent variety.
Do yourself a favor and go try this place. You would never imagine the food is as heavenly as it is. The grilled and fried strips are pieces of heaven, same with the veggie skewers. I may go again tonight, simply amazing!
Not quite as good as the Squirrel Hill location, but quick service. Would recommend the Sicilian Pizza over the usual style.
Eh, its good enough, but nothing special at all...lets be honest, anyone can dangle a chicken around some heat and it will taste pretty good, so to say this is a standout cafe would be like saying you McDonalds is fine dining and doesn't give you the runs...im sure you can find better.
great place, cheap stuff!! Yelp keeps taking down my excellent review of this place
Great atmosphere, food, & service!!! The food presentation was also as wonderful as the food.
Pretty good Korean food. Ordered the premium short ribs and kimchee chigae both very good.  Definitely worth checking out.
I spent over $10,000 on new carpet, appliances fans and lighting at this Home Depot to renovate my home and the customer service was horrible, especially in flooring.  They were rude and not very helpful.
Slowest Starbucks drive thru on the planet! Don't come if you actually have some place to be in the next 30 min. And it's 2pm! I'm hoping the groceries I just bought will still be good. Smh......
Nice hotel. Nothing special. Great for families. Not for singles.
Parking sucks and birds are fearless if you eat outside. Other than that, its your average pei wei
professional, friendly staff.  dr. adaoag is very receptive and knowledgeable.  comfortable office.  most comfortable doctor visit i've had in vegas thus far.
The food tastes good and the themed decor is fun. The Italian beef each time I've gotten it has been super soggy though and I really don't like that. Its messy, it feels gross and is just generally unappealing.
This is one of my top three favourite restaurants in town.  We eat here almost once a week. Spring rolls are a great deal for a light and healthy lunch.
2 stars is generous, the food was sub-par, service was terrible and rushed, portions were tiny and nothing special, i was starving after finishing my plate, all in all we were in and out of there in 20 minutes, not a good experience: why not just stay home, and do brunch yourself instead of wasting your money on this place
closed -- but it sounds like they're still doing special events here...
Over crowded, small ice rink. There is not enough walkers (seals) for young kids/beginners. Be there when it opens if you need a walker for your child. We waited for 2 hours for a walker but no luck!
The service is the BEST in town!  Did you know that this engine runs on veggie oil?  Good for your tummy and good for the environment.  An all around PERFECT experience.  Thank you Cpt. Bill
Making a dish somewhat spicy should take more than just tossing pepper flakes onto it - both the pineapple fried rice and pad Thai turned crunchy in the process. Unimpressed. And what is with the TV? Was playing some celebrity plastic surgery disasters show.
we go here at least once a month for the tavarua fish tacos with honey-wasabi sauce-- worth the wait, or you can call ahead and pick them up to-go.
The bus was on time coming and going from Milwaukee and the the wifi was good enough to run youtube on my tablet.  For $20 this is a good alternative to get over to Milwaukee if it is for the airport or for other purposes. I will be using this service again.
tres bon caffe. que dire de plus? la bonheur un samedi matin tot ensoleill\u00e9:-)
The service is great, polite and quick. The shrimp fajitas are very good and my bf likes the sweet potato enchiladas. Very unique. they could improve on their salsa...otherwise this is a top Mexican choice
Staff always friendly.  Food is good and will always be a customer.  Happy hours are excellent.
Awesome place... great beer
Good heathy food. But, staff is slow to make your food even if not crowded. I have had to leave twice without my food in past year because it took them more than 25-30 min to process my order. If you're in hurry, skip this place, walk across street and grab chipotle instead.
Delicious avocado salad and tacos
Food was really good, I got the pizza rolls with the linguine it was v nice. A lil pricey for my liking though. Only down side was the server never gave us any water..
Stopped in here on a Friday night after seeing a musical at Belk theater.  A very good band, Alex Christie and the Mystery were playing.  I enjoyed the beer specials and the food was great.  My friend thought the fried pickles were the best she ever had.  I would definitely stop here for a beer and food again.
Stellar service. Amazing Steak. I hit up a ton of places and was Stoked on the ambiance and service.  I will be back
Best Happy Hour in town! Be sure to come on Tuesdays when they have $2 Hurricanes and draft beers! Also the fried pickles are awesome! The best is the friendly bartenders and half price appetizers! Woohoo!
I have eaten here numerous times now and every time the experience has been amazing. The food is absolutely delicious and incredibly fresh and flavorful. The prices are so reasonable! the service is amazing. I just cant say enough good things. Its a must try! :)
Great spot for a quick healthy-ish fast food meal.  Always has excellent customer service!  My favorite is the Buffalo Panini.
This place is awesome..!!!! Great service, great food!!! I had salmon-skin salad n yaki Udon..!!!
The Chicken Croquettes were very delicious and the service was great.\n\nNot so awesome on the vegetarian/vegan options though, really as implied by the name.
Lightening fast arrival. Even faster lockout service. No doubt I'll use his service again!
Fun hotel.
Service was slow and by the glass wine selection is lacking. Hopefully it improves with time.
I LOVE PIZZA!!! My friend and I ordered a pepperoni pizza for carry out. The pizza was sooo good! I love the crust, it's thick and buttery. I do have other favorite pizza places, but for the price this is awesome food. I'd order again.
Always great food and superior service. A little pricey, but you get what you pay for. I love this place.
Better than Joe Beef!\nExcellent raw food, oysters from PEI and scallop were above the world! \nThe steak was pretty awesome too. \nA bit noisy and service was not good.
Got less than a handful of fries with my sandwich.  Slow, indifferent service.  A manager who was the gate keeper at the door.  Really underwhelmed.  I had not eaten at a Mimi's in 10 years (I left AZ for 7 years), I probably wont be going back.
The quality of the furniture is excellent. I could have spent almost twice as much for lesser quality furniture at other furniture stores in Phoenix. If you can imagine it they can design it. My dining room table and chairs are beautiful!!!!!! Thanks La Casona.
I will never go back there. I found a cockroach in the bathroom. They did upgrade us to a lovely suite for free but I'll never trust the cheap rooms ever again. Disgusting!! We tried the buffet and it was only ok.
I totally disagree Vaqueros is better than Federico's.  The food at Vaqueros is insipid flat and greasy.
Two $$?  Not!  Try $$$$-$$$$$\n\nOverrated.
Terrible service.  Rude staff.  Horrible waitress.  Don't waste your time or money.  Plenty of better restaurants to select. Will never go back
Rushed my manicure and did the shaping wrong. It started cracking the next day. Won't be back.
Ordered take out for breakfast. I got everything I asked for (extra blueberries in my pancakes, sub Swiss and egg whites in my omelette). When I got home, I really, really enjoyed my meal. It was less expensive and not obnoxiously huge like Egg Works. Great job!
Went for my birthday and bobby was out server. What an awesome guy! He took great care of us. I would deff go back and ask for him again. He made my night special.  You must for him.
My experiences with University Sports Medicine have been excellent. P.A. Alice Peterson is professional and extremely thorough in her approach and I would highly recommend her to everyone.\n\nLee H. Casa Grande, AZ
Best pad sei ew in the valley hands down. Small place, but family run with great decor. I love this place!
Absolutely wonderful in all respects! The food was delicious, the servers extremely polite and attentive. Would highly recommend to anyone visiting Montreal
Nice convenient coffee and sandwich shop. The food is good and prices are reasonable. Staff is friendly. Only draw back is it gets pretty crowded at lunch so lines can be long.
Almost made it to 4 star, but decided that i have had better.  Very good yellow currie.  Stir fry was middle of the road.  You should definitely get some coconut ice cream!
Marvelous hotel right on the campus! It's the top 2 floors above the new student union so there's always something going on...
This place is insane there is so much stuff in this store. I couldnt belive the selcetion they have from all over the world. Their liquor section is huge. They also have this huge tank with live fish in it.
This place sucks major d***. I would not recommended this place at all. My food came cold and tasted horrible.
Will never see your money.
Good food but they always fuk the orders up.
Stay away
Absolutely the worst Aveda salon I have been to. The owners should be embarrassed. Don't go here unless you want to be soaked by their pricing scam.
I've gone here a few times now, they did a good job on the car wash and I enjoy that by buying gas-- I get a free cookie inside the market.
Fun, safe day at the range. Customer service is outstanding, we came in to shot on the range. One of the staff members looked at our equipment and asked to check it out the next thing I know he's tuning us up. thanks guys
I am not sure how breakfast is, but the lunch is horrible. I had the meatball sub, the Monday special. Subway has a better meatball sub.\n\nService was acceptable.
NO WINGS anymore. Went there 20 times before the renovation for the best wings I. Pittsburgh. Not anymore.\n\nFish taco was tasty but one slab if fish on one taco. Not quite what I expected
Original Detroit Coney Dog...and Faygo...
I went to the restaurant because of all the good reviews here, but the restaurant is a total disappointment.  The waitress recommended a fried rice, and it had absolutely no taste.  The Hawaiian cake noodle was very oily too.  Business was very slow in that restaurant... I'm not surprised.
Terrible service. Drive thru takes forever! and they can't take a minute to check if they have an ingredient. Instead they just lie and say they don't have it. Go to another location. don't start your day here.
Best lounge I have been to so far! The food was great I had a buffalo chicken pizza and it was amazing. The hookah was great as well try one of their house blends I had Mob boss and cactus cooler and you cant beat either of those flavors. This is by far the nicest place 18+ in Las Vegas.
Expensive, long wait & just ok food.
Amazing rolls!  My favorite is the jalape\u00f1o poppers delightful bites of flash fried jalape\u00f1os filled with cream cheese and fresh spicy tuna!   Their rolls are unique, fresh and delicious!   Our favorite local sushi place!   Service is friendly and attentive!  :)
Meh. At least the drinks were strong so you would be drunk enough to buy a lap dance from a relatively clean girl.
Great service. Good Happy Hour
Gorgeous store with great, friendly customer service. Steve was very helpful, thanks!
Love this place, gave them 4 stars when they opened, bumping them up to 5 now.. The aqua frescas are not the best (kinda watery) but the tacos are LEGIT!!! so good, yum!!
more of the same.  the staff turns over every few months.  the sushi never tastes very fresh relative to places like Pure.  lots of scottsdale attitude for a place barely surviving from bankruptcy.  have you been on a weeknight? how
Great old fashioned food except for the OWNER'S audacity to request a tip for his service.. Completely taken aback \n\nMakes you NOT want to return and kinda turns you off
We came to the club for Halloween and it was awesome. The waterfall the atmosphere gave it an ambiance of romantic and dancing pleasure. People in the club were polite and kewl. We had a great time only thing it pays to be on a list.
Ordered Togo for the first time and the pho was disgusting. I had to throw it out. Very disappointed and will not go back.
Fantastic service. Had a bacon cheesdburger. It had a monstrous patty and delicious. The staff and management were all very pleasant and kind. They have TVS on every side of the bar. Great out doors area. Good Job, I will definitely be frequently visiting
Malee's on Mill is solid, reasonably-priced, standard Thai fare.
place is dirty, workers are rude, and, there was a bug in my coffee.  Coffee mugs are not clean, and, they keeps their tables, chairs and areas dirty, you always have to ask to have them clean.  Bathrooms are gross.
It's a nice store but too much for me.    All the people are really nice and helpful.
Well, an update.  10 days later and still no glasses.  When I call in they just say to keep calling back.  Today I called and they said 'we're looking through the shipment'....not feeling very confident, but we'll see what happens today.
I usually just go on 99cent taco tuesdays.Cant beat it!
Nothing especial about the food here.  Just a regular tasting Mexican restaurant.   Rice and beans taste like Robertos and food has same flavor.
It's just not very good. Limited menu with no choice but expensive entrees.The service was mediocre at best. I did not feel like I was at a Four Seasons. The fish was ok, but the pasta side was disappointing.Oh well, live and learn.
Reasonable prices for reasonable portions. You probably won't be taking a doggy bag home. The salsa bar is fresh, and the service is speedy.
Great bar food. Focaccias, sweet jalape\u00f1o burgers, and golden wings are great. Onion rings look amazing but are bland.
Cute place to get some dessert. The staff was very nice. The flavors of ice cream and sorbet are decadent. The prices were pretty high but we got some anyway. The flavors were spot on, totally delicious.
The meat was so so. Some places have good meat and others don't. This is the latter.  Not sure how freshly cooked it was either. Maybe this place is better during a rush hour. Can't remember the bowl I had, bit it was the beef, chicken and shrimp one. The shrimp was ice cold.
Staff is always courteous, they almost always get my order right.  Only thing I wish is that they had a drive thru!
Nice comfortable neighborhood spot with a good variety of wines & beer. The meatb& cheese plate is also very tasty at a good prices
Rating is for the poor attitude of the guy behind the counter and for the fact that there is NO sign that fried Oreos/twinkies aren't served after 11pm. But I've heard from a little old lady in the elevator that the Oreos are better than the twinkies
Really great shaved ice here.
A favorite of my husband and I - always a solid stop in Oakland with comforting dishes, waffle fries to write home about and fantastic service!
had drinks and apps right before they switched from restaurant to club.  they stopped serving real food at 9:30 so we had to rush to get our order in...but it was worth it.  delicious tuna with a seaweed salad, nice wine.  a bit too commercial looking for my taste though so minus a star for that.
Was shocked that I was quoted over the phone $40 for my dog, then went in and they charged me $45! Lost yea tip miss!
The best - get the Chicago Mix!  \n\nWhat a treat to visit and happen apon this shop!  It is a little steep for popcorn but it is literally the best popcorn I've had in my life.  If you get a small bag, I guarantee you'll be back for more!
Below average food, a dirty, sticky, smelly environment, and a series of rigid (and unposted) menu restrictions all add up to our first no star dining experience in years.  The server was nice, so we'll give it a star.
It's pricey but the best pastry shop you could find in Pittsburgh if you are craving for European style sweets( not like typical American gross icing sweets ughhhh)
Amazing food.  Nothing even comes close in area
This was my first time at Oregano's. The good pizza, but not the best! Maybe I should try something different next time.
Staff at the wireless phone booth not really friendly customer service zero
I know this is a burger place but their Stella Greek chopped salad is amazing!!!!!! \n\nThe burgers are to die for ...Love the Sam I am \n\nLong standing restaurant in Ballantyne and if you eat here you will see why
I love this place. It's a must whenever I'm in town. And try to go on a Monday, the bartender is awesome. Just remember to KCCO. OH! And try the chili dog!
Love their donuts but the customer service seems to be lacking. I rarely feel welcome in this place and feel as if I am interrupting them in some way by making a purchase.
No way Jose! Loved the teeny $12 salt air margarita (really did) and was digging the camarones with black garlic but truth be told, I can get REAL street tacos and AUTHENTIC Chinese food which is MUCH better and about 1/4 of the price.
Free rock concerts!  What could be better:)
Error prone.
Maybe because our expectation was too high, or maybe we ordered the wrong thing, but we felt the sandwich was just OK...  I will try it one more time next time in Vegas, and change my review if needed.
I went to Energy Tanning/Tan Factory before my prom and they had great deals that were exactly what I wanted. The tanning beds are always very clean and the staff is very friendly and helpful.
Surprisingly good! I drove by hundreds of times before giving it a chance, it was so different than expected. The fondue is delicious and they have a great happy hour, very generous pours of wine. Great outdoor patio too! Plus they participate in restaurant.com so you can enjoy more for less!
Wonderful food, had the Cajun pasta and if was the perfect meal with a little heat! Great service and friendly people! Wish I had room for their amazing cheesecake but the meal was to large to save room for desert!
One of the better pool halls around, full bar, lots of pool tables, medium sized outside patio with heating lamps in the winter, and Guinness on tap.
Went through drivethru and was given the wrong food. Went back to exchange and the staff thought it was funny, then refilled my drink with the wrong thing.  Disappointed.
Un endroit fantastique pour trouver un dvd classique ou difficile \u00e0 trouver ou bien un cadeau
This place has the worst service i ever experianced. Food is good. They need a manager to run this place and train staff,
What a waste of time this place was...The girls were frumpy and many of them in their 40's, it felt like a hole in the wall, and a couple of the girls even solicited us....Stay Away
Horrible breakfast. Leathery eggs, razor-thin soggy bacon, COLD breakfast potatoes and only one slice of barely-singed toast. Staff was lackluster and kept forgetting items. Maybe their pizza is OK, but best avoided for breakfast.
nice spot , very busy because of the location nothing special.
This place on Eastern Avenue was great.  But, unfortunately it is now shuttered and closed, with an \"available for lease\" sign hanging over it on my last visit two weeks ago.  Several months ago a sign on the door said the restaurant was closed for remodeling.  Apparently now it is closed for good.
Original sandwich, toasted bread, horseradish, deliciousness. Need I say more?\n\nThis place was fast, efficient, and who doesn't love a hot sandwich? Will def be back for more when in Vegas.
We ordered shrimp dumpling soup and requested 2 bowls, but our server did not think it would be enough for us so we cancelled that order and requested the pan fried noodles with chicken.  We ended up receiving both.  The soup had a curious flavor and the noodle dish was pretty mundane.
FYI - This place is no longer named Uncle Bear's, it is now TC's. Compare the address with TC's - 7205 Power Rd.
The Hibachi dinner and show is awesome, very fun for the kids. Plenty of food and drinks are good. Just make sure you don't arrive too late so you don't feel rushed out.
I've always had to wait in super long gone lines at this place and the customer service isn't the best. Every now and again you'll get one employee that will be nice, but that's few and far between. If you have plans after the bank make sure you at least have 45 minutes to spare.
Our first time eating here and the whole experience was a treat!!!\nWe had the chef's tasting menus and I had a wine paring along with mine.  Wonderful food and our server, Valentino, was excellent!!!  I would highly recommend this restaurant and will happily be going there again!
Place is avg.  Sushi was good but the red sangria saki was bad. Service was sporadic and we had a one plate that they forgot to put the sauce on, and another couple plates they tried to give us which we did not order.   I would try to find another place.
Great spot for sushi lovers!!!!  Good service, fresh sushi cooked or raw.  The best thing is their prices.  It's a cute date spot as well.
This place is a little over the top and the building itself is certainly impressive. Sadly the food is pretty much your average Mexican fare. Maybe they should consider investing some of the millions they have in architecture into top chefs producing amazing recipes?\n\nGood service, good food, a little overpriced.
5th or 6th time - this time with grandkids - always a lot of fun!
The prices were a little high and the flank steak was unimpressive.  Interesting location with nice views of the park.  We had a reservation and got seated right away and had good service all night.
Not a bad theatre, but wouldn't go there unless I has to. It was really nice 10-15 years ago. Now a lot of theaters out do this one! Which leads to its perks. Less crowded and still comfortable. Great memories here from when I was younger :)
Shouldnt let people smoke outside on the padio when people are eating eww!! And def can improve the hummas trio. Otherwise pretty good!
So good the glaze, cherry cake and the double chocolate is so good. Better then Dunkin donuts and Krispy Kreme is ok only good when fresh and warm .
For a chain place not that bad-but typical chain Mexican food.  Nothing special. I do have a question though. Do you ever dust the lamps?  You could see the dust on the post that hangs the lamps all the way up to the top.  Kind of nasty.
Slow service but food was good. Nice seating outside too. You need to have time on your hands because you're not going to get your food fast. Approx 30-45 min
The sushi was good. The service was okay. The udon was okay. The server was nice but spilled my miso soup. 3 stars
My second time at Macayo's, menu seems to be hit-or-miss. I ordered the lunch special chicken taco, chicken enchelada, and beans. Enchelada was fine, but the taco was deep fried with too much cheese. Last visit was better, but can't remember the entree.
If you are looking to sell, go elsewhere!  I was selling a diamond bracelet and Perry's offered $250.00.  Knowing that this price was not enough to get me to sell, I took the bracelet to another jeweler off Park Road.  The jeweler off Park Road offered over $660.00!  So do your research before selling!
I have only been once but we had a great time! The food is very good and they have a very nice beer selection on tap! They even have a Wii you can play! How cool is that? I would recommend checking them out.
Awesome food, awesome owners.\n\nnever been to a place where they make their vegan burgers from scratch in house!\nthey speak french and english as well!
Good food, decent beer, terrible bar service. Girl with short blond hair behind bar was awful. I'm sure this places gets better with time. I'd come back!
Cancelled membership. Enough said....go to another location unless you enjoy wasting money. Location bounced chiropractors for several weeks and now they have a front end person that should be bounced.
Peanut butter Blondie was a win!!! This place could definitely use a face lift but the product was incredible so I can't complain. I'll be back ;)
I saw this company on groupon and planned to buy it for my move.. I have called 3 times in the last month and not one time has anyone answered it goes straight to voicemail and no one ever contacts you back!! NOT good business or professional! So glad I did not purchase the groupon and waste my money!!
Came from walker across the street. Much more relaxed and easier to think when I'm considering a purchase. Friendly. Big selection. Works for me
This place lives up the hype!  VERY tasty sandwiches - I've only tried the Bella so far but it was awesome. Definitely a lot of food, and I'll probably skip the chips next time.  The staff were really cool and friendly.  I'll definitely go back and try some of the other sandwiches!
Discusting & Dirty!!!  If it weren't for my Gson I would have left. I took pictures I hope you can see what's going on here.
This place was great until we tried to pay. The server became very rude and tried to make us order extra while we were waiting for our bill, she then gave us multiple dirty looks until we left. Also, my friend got food poisoning here from the onion rings. The burgers are expensive and average. Not the best place to eat.
Wow. Some amazingly gourmet poutine here. Gravy obviously made from painstakingly reduced beef stock, rather than thickeners.  Deliciously sauteed red peppers. Fresh curds. A serious step above your average Montreal poutine.
BIG SHOCKER:  Red, Hot & Blue was/is CLOSED @ the Waterfront
I have always had good customer service, fresh food and tasty coffee. I would definitely recommend this location. I have never experienced any problems here.
They got new tortas !\nMilanesa \nPierna\nHawaiian\nJamon\n\nMmmmmm awesome ...\n\nAnd the best cold beer in town
Ordered food even though I wasn't hungry just because I could. Nowhere like it in NorCal.
Once again my friends wanted to come here to my dismay. They don't let us in because someone is wearing \"high top\" sneakers. No dress code anywhere but they always want to turn people away because of random selections of clothing.
Went here for cinco de mayo. I enjoyed myself got pretty peppered up from the tequila shots and 2 dollar coronas. there was a blonde behind the bar that was jut horribly rude. The hot rockabilly chick made up for her though... We had fun i'd go back.
I wouldn't even give it a star if I didn't have to.service was horrible ,pizza was doughy never  again a round table fan
Definitely not the best Vegas has to offer. Everything is just so-so, but the bottomless mimosas are an intriguing option. The selection isn't as vast as Wynn, but considering the cheaper price, I guess that's acceptable.
Food Poisoning.  Ate at the buffet around 9 pm, woke up early the next morning with FOOD POISONING.  Spent the next 2 days of my vegas vacation in the hotel room bathroom.  Thanks ARIA.
Maybe because we came at 3:00, changing of the guards, they weren't on there game? The pan roast was good but crawfish frozen.
Excellent food. Not pretty and I wish they would invest but it is clean and has a friendly staff. Food is fresh and excellent!
The food was ok. Place is very clean, hence the 2 stars.  The gaming area had all faulty machines.  Some of them don't work at all and the others either suck your tokens or spit less tickets. Overall so disappointed that I'm writing this review while I'm still sitting here.  No value for money.
Cool tech to order on digital screen but far from the best gourmet burgers in town. If you want a good classic burger at a convenient location it's all right
