Food was good but service somewhat slow. Good Bloody Mary's but they were missing pickles which is essential in my opinion. Not too expensive and fun open environment.
This place is fucking terrible I suggest not getting delivery cause the fucking delivery  driver harasses you for tip I almost had to call the cops fucking g get your shit together
Ahhhh, Shady's. Never a dull moment, or a dull conversation. There's always a nice mix of people here, I've met lovely Chandler garbage men and insane New Times freelance writers. Dig the Tim Biskup painting in the corner and their jukebox isn't bad, either.
WAY OVERPRICED!!!\nHow can you serve average comfort food and charge $20-30 for main courses? The wine glasses are microscopic. The food is fine but honesty it does not warrant the money you get charged. Service is attentive but kitchen is very slow.
Delicious tacos, and amazing service! Any place with free chips and salsa is a keeper in my book! I love street tacos and I plan on loving them from\nJoyride more often!!! Mmm mmm delicious!!!
Dude, while I was shopping for snacks so many things were past the expiration or \"best before\" dates. I bouht two swedish fish bags but thought it said jun 2014 but actually said jan 2014. I called the company and they issued me a refund but come on...
What's the point of reserving a non smoking room when you only have smoking rooms available?  I can't breathe!!!!!  This is disgusting!!!!!
I wasn't happy with the results or the increased prices at the Southern Highlands groomer I had been going to so I thought I would  try Elite for my long coated toy Yorkie.  So happy I did!  She listened to what I wanted  and gave my guy a great grooming at a reasonable price.  I am definitely coming back!!!!
This place was disgusting and appalling.  Any woman that lets her man go here is out of her mind.  I went with my boyfriend and some friends, and I was so disgusted I had to leave after 5 minutes. you might as well throw the money down the toilet.
This place is awesome and served amazing food. Drive thru a little long but otherwise fantastic service.
The best smoothie I have had in a long time. Excellent price and the sandwich is great as well. We came from LA and will make a point to always stop by for a great smoothie. Customer service is Also great.
Average pizza. But with ten guys working - and not much business at the moment - it still took twenty minutes to get a slice of pepperoni. I'll walk across the street next time.
My wife and I have been to many different Spas in the Phoenix area, this is one of our favorites. The mineral pool is awesome, the amenities are great.
I got the beef brisket it looked really good the bread was good the sauce was good the cheese was good but the brisket was smashed and tasteless. They have the coke freestyle I tried the cherry limeade it was very bland I tried two or three other drinks and they all tasted kind of off and not very Good.
I was underwhelmed.  I liked the charcoal grilled taste to the dog but I've had a much better dog than Ted's.  Nathan's for instance is a superior hotdog.  I really wanted to like this place but everything was just okay, not good, not great.
A wonderful place to visit as Notre-Dame Basilica of Montreal is just across the street!  if you take the subway, get off at Station place d'Armes (makes sense, right?), and walk toward the old port.
Cheap drinks, pool, cheap drinks, rad people, cheap drinks, and a \"could give a shit\" vibe that I live in a good dive.  Don't be an asshole and you can basically do what you want here.  My kinda place.
Great hand pulled noodles are a textured sensation! Watching your noodles being pulled to order is an added extra! Very simple preparations so don't expect a lot of complexity. Just plain good noodles.
I called this place to ask about louboutin repairs and the lady was so fucking rude.. and she couldn't even understand what the fuck I was saying. If you're going to have someone in customer service at least hire someone who knows as such. Dafuq
Taylor was very good.  I was very relaxed when I left there.  I was due to have a medical procedure in a few days and was stressed over it and this was a big help!
Short, somewhat rude, bartender.  Closes early. And seemed quite drab even when it was open.
Over priced food! Service was great! Milk shake was amazing! Curly fries were luke warm like they had been sitting around for awhile. The burger was exactly as described, but not special at all. The I-80 was rather bland.
The reviews for this place were so good I was really excited to place my take out order. I really like vegetables so I ordered all vegetarian items and I have to say it was just, meh.  Oh well, I guess I'm still looking for that one great place for Chinese in the SE Valley.
If you need a J Crew fix and you're in Madison, get in your car and drive the hour and a half to Mayfair.  Based on 4-5 experiences I can safely say that the selection at the Madison location is scant and the staff is consistently rude. (2 stars for the clothing.. 0 stars for everything else)
Good food and nice servers.  nice little bar, but they take the \"family\" part seriously.  Lots of little ones running around.
I know it was only $7 for the wash but it left worlds to be desired. Might as well have sprayed the car with the hose & called it good. Sure it got the dirt off but that's it. Bird poop/bug nasty still stays.
Same day service is available, but give them until the next day and it's always a perfect job.
Yes, it is free, but don't waste your time.\nIf you have been in Disney or Universal Studios this is ridiculous awful.
They moved to 2501 N. 32nd St. in Phoenix. The areas around parking lot are discusting with animal feces everywhere, that no one (staff) picks up. This is a serious health hazard, considering most patients seen there are receiving chemo treatment. The above reviews are accurate. Only wait times are more like 3 hours.
This is my mechanic. mike klein. All I can say is wow. He has saved my race day many times! from fixing others mistakes to just rushing and staying all night. family run and run great. if you race hit him up for suspension or anything, you'll be impressed.
It is very good. Great flavors of yogurt that change daily. The toppings are amazing!! The brownies are probably the best brownies I have ever tasted. \nThe only down side is that it is pretty pricey!!\nLike for two people expect to pay around $10
I remember seeing Coffee Bean in LA first and now it seems to be everywhere. I grabbed a quick breakfast and drink after landing in Vegas from here.
LOVE this place! My friend turned me on to this \"off-strip\" gem on my bday.\n\nGreat menu, fast service and fairly cheap prices. LARGE portions so maybe split your breakfasts!
Superb! The guacamole, the Vig burger, and the deconstructed fish tacos: yum! Brooks was the bartender and our waitstaff: so friendly, helpful and nice! Love the outside seating and the heaters. Charming!
The best raw food restaurant in Montreal!\nTry the \u00f6m burger and don't forget the aubergine bacon extra!! The avocado & lime tart is a great desert you should defo try ;)
Ordered the Philly Egg Rolls. They came out still frozen in the middle. It's hit or miss if the waitress will be decent or not.
Great smoothies. Lots of options - almost too many to make a decision. But very tasty and great protein options.
i love the food and the service at this place , i go there about 3-5 times a week ,lol .i should probably buy stocks there too \nfood is amazing -bulgarian  and the owner is the friendliest person ever \nwould recommend this place to everyone
This company is honest and fast,good job and especially Jamie is so friendly to communicate,I don't know the ohters,but I will keep using them for my garage door service.
Just awful. The sushi is bad and the customer service even worse. The waitress didn't even know what items were on the menu!! We ended up getting charged for an extra appetizer that we never even ordered. With so many great sushi places in las Vegas, you can definitely spend your money more wisely elsewhere.
Terrible hygiene . We saw the high reviews and came. We kept getting flies . The restaurant was smelling.
This place is great! Very friendly staff that make you feel at home. The food is pretty good, with some different menu items, like their bacon bleu chips or their pig wings.\nI go here all the time for happy hour after work, and we are never disappointed.
Food is always good.
save your money. fast food has better quality beef. their t-bone is totally missing the tender side of the cut. it is a rip off - and high priced. it is meant for people who do not understand what they are ordering or what they should receive.
The crystal chandeliers, upon entering the building, are very inviting. They also have a gallery inside that showcases some great art. Seeing one of my favorite ballets performed here was wonderful!\nI would love to come back and see another performance here.
I had so much fun diving through the decades at Vintage Pittsburgh!
Horrible all the way around. Pay the extra $10-$15 more per day and rent from the major guys.
Very good but I still think Ruth Chris makes the best steak. Had 20 ounce rib eye (bone 3 ounces), creamed spinach, and split salad with wine on date night.
Sad to say. Came to bar for a drink and take out. Sat.  Finally was given a menu. Sat. They were too busy for me. Ignored. Left. Went to place in the same parking lot (Eddies. ) they were equally busy but I was served within a minute or two.
Parking is always hit and miss but there is plenty of it! Seems to be pretty busy most of the time but the nice thing about a gym this big is there i always something available no matter what it is I am interested in doing! This is probably my favorite of all the LVAC locations!
The burger, good.. The line, way long.  The fries.... OMG, way too much!  The fries probably had 2x the calories of the burger!  On top of that unlimited peanuts.  It's crazy!  But I ate it all.  Gobble gobble down the pipe.
My friend and I were here for a Pirates game and this hotel was within walking distance of the game. We had nice room and the pool was great. I would come again.
Food was ok, nothing special but compared to the food we have been eating on fremont street  it was good. I'm not sure if I would go back, I think I'd rather eat at McDonalds.
Gotta agree, staff isn't the most upbeat. Seemed annoyed when I mentioned, Yelp listed them closed. Sandwhich was good, better thank Quiznos. Wish they had more veggie topping options. I had the chicken salad on pumpernickle. Very generous sized sandwhich for price.
I ordered the eggs benedict and although the actual eggs Benedict was delicious, the hash browns were literally starchy mush. Gross. After complaining they simply apologized but didn't redeem themselves in any way. No discounted meal, no replacement hashies (not that I wanted them after that first run.)
I must say, I do not really like thier food. \n\nBut since they do not use any hydrogenated oils, I wanted to give them a shout out for doing it the right way
The Breadsticks and salad are consistently good. The entrees are subpar in my opinion. Its commercial grade fake italian food and I get that, although, I feel like they are falling short of even doing that well. This olive garden was better a year ago when i went there than it was tonight.
Very good church, makes me feel right at home. Not too many people is nice and the band is fabulous!
Bernie and company have done it again. I was first introduced to his superb style at Cowboy Ciao's, the he branched off to open CPH, and now the Gladly. His unique style and high quality is some of the best. Great intimate spot for food and drinks with great service.
Poor selection, indifferent staff. Your existence will not be acknowledged by whoever is working. On the lower end of the spectrum for Vegas used book shops. Cool name, though, and great font on the sign outside. That's really the best thing I can say for it.
I loved the food and everything was just so nice we had a good time, the staff, hostess were very friendly. I had the salmon and the flavor was delicious, everything was wonderful except for our server With the pony tail, he was just rude and had an attitude!
Weird set up, boring ppl working there and limited choices.. But whatever we just wanted to grab a drink before our flight.
Worst cleaning service I've ever used. Maid refused to finish job.
It's not your typical Scottsdale bar which is perhaps what makes it fun. The music selection is loud and alternative and the waitresses double as go-go dancers so it's definitely a light-hearted, fun atmosphere. Leave the pretention outside the doors of this place and get ready to have some good old fashioned fun!
I don't know how someone can make guacamole that doesn't taste like avocado but he/she managed to do it!  The cook used too much lime juice.  \n\nThe carne asada was overcooked.  The best thing about my meal was the beans.
Its just keeps getting worse. Now its not even a hand wash anymore and it seems like they are more concerned with speed than quality or customer service.
This place is cool save for the homo bartender, Levi... The guy is a prick.
They're menu is constantly changing, and they're adding more items -- which is great! When they first opened there wasn't many choices.  Great place for Japanese curry, but I wish they had unlimited Japanese pickled items. Their Katsu curry is awesome!!!
Good food but not a repeat in my standard lacking something for a 5 star experience
Never shopping here again. We ordered a large combo and two slices of pepperoni. They had the pizzas ready but instead sold our slices to other individuals. We waited 30 mins then just told them were cancelling the order. They were extremely incompetent or racist. I will be canceling my membership here.
It's just ok.  I think it is too pricey for what you get!  We will not return.
So nice having this place in the neighborhood. Great sausages, including summer sausage. Have also enjoyed steaks, bacon, chicken, etc. DJ is really helpful and will try to get you whatever you need.
Fantastic.  One of the best eye doctors I have been to in years.  Very attentive, convenient, modern facilities. easy to speak with, spent plenty of time with me.  Highly recommend.
Awesome! Chicken burger was great, juicy and seasoned well. Sweet potato tots with marshmellow sauce were so good ;-) Good deal for students after school. Cool place. Cashier was very nice and delivered the food. Will definitely come again !
To be brief, the menu selection is fairy limited, but will make your decision much easier. The atmosphere is casual, and the food was delicious. I would recommend the mix (1/2 beef, 1/2 potato) unless you have dietary concerns, with the works.
One of the best restaurants in the valley hands down. The service was great. Food was delicious. Go try. You won't be disappointed. I'm a food snob too. :)
Everything was extremely salty. The $25 sea bass was extremely salty. Sauce had no thickening, dish had no garnish. What a waste of quality ingredient. The side order dish had no seasoning but soy sauce.
Always something different to see on each visit
The manager was kind of rude... But whatever. Bought some shoes during their end of season sale. The sales associate was nice and accommodating.
At $15 (during the day, $20 at night), I think it's a bit pricey for the duration/ length. My opinion might be a bit bias as I've been on plenty of zip lines, I'm sure it would appeal more to someone who's never done it before.
Mediocre food and service. I probably would have given three or four stars, but the coed restroom (complete with pushy attendant) kills the experience for me.
Steam pots galore. Great taste, good service.
Good food then average Chinese buffet. They have Good selection and carry authentic and American version dishes. Desert collection is very impressive.
Angels Trumpet has just about the best beer selection downtown, and they stock their taps with very many of the finest local brews. They also have an option to fill growlers to take home which is fantastic. Highly recommended.
Changing my rating for today....we ordered to go for work lunch and they forgot the dressings on the 2 salads and also packaged the sandwiches incorrectly. Luckily I love their food but maybe they aren't up to speed on to go orders.
We have a 9 month old Boxer who we take to Siena and can't say enough good things about the staff and how well they treat her. The vets and their assistants take an honest, interested and compassionate assessment of you and your pet's needs and we highly recommend them.
Actually I've been here 3 times already, and each time I've gone I've never been dissatisfied with the selection of the food items. Not much of a selection, but just all the favorites. Served fast and healthy portioned. Great eats for less.
Disappointed. Was recommended, was expecting so much. Was a bit dirty, waited ages to get served, so long we nearly walked out. Looked like loads of managers, no staff. Staff looked bored and poorly trained. What a let down.
Cow pie! We went to Andersons for our Hogmanay steak pie and it was scrumptious: lots of tasty filling, topped by thick and delicious puff pastry. \n\nThe rest of the meat on display looked good too, and staff were friendly - I'll definitely go back.
One of my vendors uses this bakery a lot for gifts. I have had several of their sugar cookies and let me say, they are THE BEST sugar cookies I've ever had, ever. They're moist, sweet, and simply melt in your mouth with goodness.
I was soooooooooo happy with Zip Zap Auto. Everyone, from the front door welcome to the mechanics are exceptionally friendly, and they know their job. The price was affordable to us. They did an excellent job and we are grateful. strongly recommend you to everyone. You can totally trust them. Thank you
Seriously, i've had better.
Very unhappy with the rooms NOT a Four Star size, configuration or quality grounds nice staff nice
Absolutely LOVE Hot Bagels! They have the BEST bagels and deli around! If you need a quick hot breakfast than this is the place to go!
This place is so poorly managed and aweful, it's difficult to make an emphasis. They just don't care about their service. At all... So odd...
Horrible experience.  Waited over an hour while my car sat with nobody working on it.  Asked to speak to manager and nobody did a thing to speed things up.  Won't waste my time or money here again.
Above average food, but even higher prices.  Dinner for two topped $100.  Enjoyed the experience but the food will not be enough to draw us back a second time.  We had the fillet and grouper.  Our favorites where the fig and goat cheese bruschetta and the crispy broccoli.
Absolutely terrible hotel, the worst I have experienced within the North America. Rude and offensive behaviour from entire staff, including the manager. No Internet, noisy crappy conditioner, no ventilation in the rooms. Worse than any hotel or motel I have ever been to!
Tried to go to Kimchi last night (hiked all the way from the Mirage) and found the doors chained shut by the health department for code violations...  We used to really enjoy this place when staying across the street at the now gone Stardust.
Delicious wings - sometimes a bit too deep fried for my taste, but really tasty flavors and spices. We went for all-you-can-eat wings night but sadly I could barely finish my first dozen. Beer selection is much improved since  Turadg A.'s post; they have about 30 or so available to choose from.
My new favorite Middle Eastern spot. Felafel is excellent, grape leaves are flavorful, and the cauliflower with tahini sauce was one of my favorite dishes ever!  Food is fresh, owners friendly, and restaurant is small but clean and pleasant. This spot is a gem.
The food is good and the staff is very nice and friendly. The total experience is always good.
Great Italian resto have a great selection of wines and italian food.
Two for $5 boba is the best deal!! Love this place! Lychee all the way!
Semi sketch store\nThey have an \"OK\" selection but not much\nCustomer service is okay too\nNothing much to write about
You usually can't go wrong staying at an Embassy Suites hotel.  The rooms are huge and the breakfast is yummy.  You can sometimes get free happy hour drinks too!
Best sandwich is the sausage and peppers with Marinara and some of their hot peppers. Get the 20 inch and heat up the other half the following day. It's even better left over. Not all locations are perfect, but this one is fantastic.
Brief: BIG portions, yummy food.\n\nOrdered pancake breakfast... The pancake was twice the size of my head!\nI'd recommend ordering something you have as leftovers because that'll probably be the case.
Tired of bad service! my husband and I just left this place. We were ignored for 15 min. Not even a cup of coffee or water, just a good morning from one of the staff. Honesty the owners should be looking this problem closely. I could not believe that is what they call service. Please acknowledge your customers!!
Went.in friday night by saturday morning I coulnt get out of bed from food poisoning. Both my aunt and cousin got sick as well. Stay away from this place. Dirty place.
Thanks to you guys I can't eat clam chowder anywhere else!!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE your Alaskan Chowder! I stop in everytime I'm in Vegas!!!!
The staff is very friendly, the sourdough bread is awesome, and I enjoyed the atmosphere. The staff is willing to answer any questions you have and will even let you sample the soups before pick one out. The Godfather is my favorite!
I absolutely love Facelogic Spa!! Marie is THE ABSOLUTE BEST!!! She is friendly, knowledgable, and treats you like the queen you are ;) She gives a fantastic facial and massage and leaves your skin looking AMAZING!!!
Darts and beer. Can't say much else.
This company rocks. They came out to give us a bid which was reasonable. They showed up for the work on time, installed the water softener system and cleaned up after themselves. Great job and the price is right. Thank you.
I broke a glass in a custom picture frame that needed replacement. I called Michaels and they said the size I needed cut would cost me $30. I came here instead and walked out 2.5 minutes later with the cut glass I needed and they only charged me $5. Would absolutely recommend!
I was NOT impressed.  Thank God we had a Groupon because if I would have paid full price I would have been livid. The salad was mediocre at best. The dressing looked like mayo and the pizza was all dough. I do not recommend this place at all.
The short ribs on the re-theater menu were great. The 'rock' app was also very good but a little work. Our server was good and we felt good about the experience.
Great burgers and sandwiches. Had the pastrami burger with sweet potato fries this time. Service was good and it didn't take long for our food to come out.
Tried to go here but they don't allow kids after 8:30.  My kids were a bit upset, they have never been refused service.
we call to check on buffet waiting line on valentine's evening and the hostess was very rude and nasty. if u are working and hate ur job get another one.
I love hiking all around here. There are tons of trails and plenty of different access points. You can go from all the way from Scottsdale to Sunnyslope.
Nothing special IMO. Long wait to get seated and for food. Server wasn't paying attention to things we requested. Wasn't outrageously bad, but we won't be back
Absolutely crappy service.  Took over 1/2 hour to get serve from time of ordering.  Almost immediately got sick and developed \"D\" after eating the Salmon entree.  I was disappointed as I have always liked this restaurant. I will not return.
We went in for late snacks at about 12:00 on a Saturday night. The waitress was new and ordered us the wrong food and it took for ever to get to our table. The food was just okay.
Lasagna was ok but they killed it with tooo much cheese baked on top. not enough sauce either.
Not that any Filiberto's location is high-class, but this Filiberto's is the kind of place where it doesn't matter whether or not the employees spit in my food because either way I'm going to eat my burrito under the assumption that they did.
I love Las Vegas Jerkys!  One pound of awesome beef jerky for $12.50.  What a deal!  They also have a wide assortment of candies, dried fruits and other treats.  Great customer service.  It's a must stop for Islanders when we're in Las Vegas.
Smoke EVERYWHERE in the Casino, boooo!
I wasnt expecting much from such a place, but the meal was ok.  I am amazed that the place is packed with such a good variety of other restaurants around.  I had the quesadillas and they were decent.  I would recommend you find another more authentic mexican place.
Love the shrimp appetizer and the panang curry. Some menu items are not that great but it's the best restaurant in Bellevue that's for sure. Although that's not a particularly hard feat....
So disappointed you cannot create your own salad here! My brother in law and I sat down and ended up leaving when we realized the salads weren't there!I am a regular at every other location and that's the only menu item I get. Best salads in Charlotte! Please bring this item to the airport-I travel often.
Great kebabs at a decent price. I lived down the street from this place and ate here all the time.
This show was whatever. No story, bad choreography. No big talent. This was a PG strip perfoamce. Just go to a strip club! You'll have way more fun.
I am originally from the Chicago area, and I was so excited to find a Chi town pizzeria in Vegas. We ordered cheese bread, a deep dish pizza, and spaghetti. They were all delicious! I am a fan!
Awesome pizza. Great bartenders. The happy hour 50 cent beers are terrific. Looking forward to coming back for dessert!
Their smoked salmon commuter sandwich is simply mouth watering. Highly recommended!
Over charge. I had to go online to website to get a cheaper price. Wait was over 30min and uncomfortable waiting room. Not a jiffy lube place.  Other places have taken 15 min for same service
Very impressed. Company is paying for the room but of all the hotels I have stayed in over the summer this one is the best. King size bed, couch, flat screen tv and TWO refrigerators! I wish there were more people here to enjoy this with.
The poorest service I have experienced in Montreal .
Amazing salads! Some of the specials they run can be a bit pricy if you add meat but they are worth it. I would love if they opened earlier, around 6, for breakfast. I would stop by every day on my way to work!
Absolutely the best show ever!!!!  I laughed so hard. Penny is so funny. Acts are incredible. Don't miss this show if you like vulgar comedy.
Jade Mountain has delicious bubble tea! I recommend the fruit teas (ordered cold). The veggie ramen is lovely as well-- quite a big portion for $5.50.
I think I would have been torn between giving Tamari 4 or 5 stars if it weren't for the unbelievably good red thai tea creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e. The best creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e of my life.
I just moved to AZ and needed a mechanic. My friends told me to go see Luis at 2B Transmission and so I did. I was very happy they took good care of me and I highly recommend him. Very nice guys!
I love Greek food and found George's Athenian Express through a non-New York friend (from Chicago).\n\nI immediately found the place to go for Greek food at excellent prices and good portions!\n\nNever get enough of the Gyro!
Omg great , awsome , a must do when in Vegas !!! Well worth every penny. Beautiful sights and wonderful guides who really make it fun!! I would recommend this to everyone who is even the smallest thill seeker..
Excellent food, clean place, portions are just right.
One of the best Thai restaurants i've been to
Hands down best sandwich in the state.   Nice clean business.  The owner is a lil rough but you won't have any smelly bums wandering in and out while you are trying to eat.
Very friendly check in staff. Clean room. Quiet. Surprising since we are so close to the airport.
The food was good , the service not so good, it was less than desirable. .I'm all about getting good service. .. I will not be returning.
The doctor who I saw was great. The staff doesnt know the Meaning of HIPAA-need I say more?
Good for watching football, it's like an uncles old 90's style bar. The chicken is good and the bartenders are cool. I'm excited to watch football here this coming up season. See you soon PT's
Excellent food with an intimate feel. I prefer the back patio area. The menu changes almost daily and veggies come from local growers.
I still come here and the service is still outstanding. I've tried other salons in the Scottsdale area and they never do as great of a job as Polished does.
The raspberry pomegranate was my favorite of the 3 I tried. Clean and friendly atmosphere otherwise.
I really like this place because it's close to my house and they are always super nice.  They always do a great job on my nails and pedi as well, so that's a plus.
Nice place. Pretty clean for being in a casino. Prices are a little high but no surprise there. Customer service was great. Very friendly staff.
This place is amazing....
Treasure Island was conceived as a family friendly hotel/resort, but since Vegas began marketing itself as \"Sin City\", family vacationeers have strayed away from Vegas.  Since then, Treasure Island has renovated itself to cater to the adult audience.  Hopefully now it will survive casino Darwinism.
It was definitely one of the worst ramen I have ever had in my life... I know I have such high expectations for food, especially when it comes to Japanese cuisine- but it was just so dissapointing, after reading the raving reviews about this place!
The biscuit was great. The grits were great. The apple butter is amazing. A great breakfast spot.
Poor service, small portions, and the red sauce they use was wayyy too salty. Prices are in the higher range. The bread  was good. That's about all that was... Basically your just paying for the name. Never going back.
This place is great... If you like over-priced drinks, not having a server, and listening to the douchiest karaoke host on the planet (particularly the guy on November 30, 2014).
Never leave this store happy. Terrible customer service! Never enough people at the cash wrap, and the people at the cash wrap can't handle their jobs! Every time I go in I try to remember the great H&M's on the easy coast... But these are a far cry from those!
Couldn't stop eating...steak, calamari, scallops, lobster mashed potatoes, spinach, butter cake!!  Impeccable service, nice views of crystals, and awesome leftovers:)
Glen was great! I called on a saturday and he was able to stop by 2.5 hours later. He was very knowledgable and courtesy.
This is the biggest Dunkin Donuts in Vegas. I love the modern interior, it feels spacious & warm. There's seating areas, all the outlets you could ask for, Wifi, friendly & quick service. Charles & Jess were super nice, thank you both! We'll be back for sure. C :
This is one of the nicer Ross locations. It is brand new, so things haven't gotten too cluttered or dirty. There are always good buys here, from household items, to clothes, to shoes. Checkout tends to be pretty well organized, and they are accommodating about returns.
These guys are good.  I go into at least two different Home Depots a day this one by far is the best.  Sharon near the pro check out always has a smile on her face doesn't matter what time of day it is.  I go out of my way to go to the store when I can.
Clean cars, and courteous drivers.  Other companies I used have horrible smelling cabs, whether it be heavily ladened with cigarette smoke, 15 \"air fresheners\" (I did count that amount in one car and almost died of inhalation),; rude drivers; After some research I found Atlas, they are great!
Definitely worth the drive off the strip!  Our group of 7 have eaten there two years in a row and we let the waiter order for us both times.  Different entres each time and all were excellent!
Came here today for the first time for breakfast with my daughter. Service was great. I had the crab cake eggs benedict and my daughter had the kids' pancake stack. A little bit pricey, but for the food and service definitely worth it. Will be back.
Nice patio, for the summer. Often times they have live music both inside and outside, the menu is typical pub fare, nothing out of the ordinary. I would say the pricing, is a little high up, and a little to much for beer/ liquor.
I'm a huge BBQ fan! Love the location, but the brisket was literally, all fat... Couldn't even eat it...
Nice staff, food was ok very salty and everything was greasy. Nice concept needs work though. Garlic parmesan fries were good.  we had 5 in our group nobody was highly impressed.
I purchased two trouble out hybrids from Mr. Fred's Golf. I love them!!!!!!!! Great customer service, fast shipping and unbelievable prices for quality clubs.
I love this place because it's totally vegan friendly and she'll totally accommodate your needs .. The hostess is so charismatic and the place is in pretty good shape .. Small and quaint .. Clean and yummy .. Great prices and good service :)
Best Carne Asada burritos in the state and I consider myself a Mexican food expert ;)... any way try this place out, make sure you get a burritos the first time you go here, not a taco.
Their alcohol slushies are undrinkable and are sure case of gut rot. As far as the place, its pretty small you'll probably want to leave after 10 minutes.
Food was really good, I can't wait to go back. Prices are good too... Make sure to visit this place...
always busy here
Nice enough staff, but the lunch menu is unimpressive. Probably a better dinner place, when the club crowd is in effect. Bar looked like it had a decent selection, though.
Amazing burger, one of the best I've had. Just got a cheeseburger, but the meat was thick, perfectly cooked and very high quality.  Good price for a burger on the strip ($12), amazing price for the quality.
This is the best hidden treasure in Phoenix. Located on 15th ave and Thomas, it is an unpretentious little place. But... The sandwiches are to die for! You must try it, delicious! You will be coming back for more...
Im not a fan whole foods!  Your prices are outrageous... and your service flat out is bottom rate.... try again... drop the prices... raise the service....
Fantastic views. Food was decent, definitely worth the money. The waiter we had on Sunday was having a bad day, he should have gone home. Yet we could tell from the warm greetings exchanged by other wait servers to their customers that generally this is a favorite haunt with the locals.
PRICEY! thats all! :-) Staff is very friendly but holy shit are they expensive!
If you Love Butter this is the place for you, it is yummy & delicious quick friendly service & the potatoes are tasty!\nNo credit cards this place is cash only
Beef on the taco tasted old! It was already overpriced! Also, who uses nacho cheese at a Mexican restaurant? Will not be back!
Hash House is always a solid way to cure a hangover or get a bomb breakfast. Fried chicken with eggs and potatoes and bacon? I think yes.
Good location,average food, but too expensive. Drink service is slow. Entertainment is spotty. Should double the bar size and delete dining room. this place has been steadily going down hill. surprised they are still in business. was very good 20 yrs ago. Owners watch people like hawks, desperately waiting for food orders
One word sums up this place - yuck.
I have been taking my rescue lab to All Wags for the past 3 years.  He loves it!  Everyone is very nice, and I love the \"drive thru\" drop off for those rainy mornings!
Food is awesome very healthy and my husband loves it  great protein dish  the lady that works the front is very nice always greets you with a smile. But prepare to wait about 10 to 15 mins for your order.  Which is a good thing since you know it's fresh.  So order in advance if you don't have much time
I don't know if authentic Tibetan food is supposed to be bland and visually unappealing, but that's what I've gotten the two times I've eaten here.  We didn't have any problems with service, but the food was just bad.
Brunch is okay, good portions but basic menu. Diner is very tasty & love the deco ! Service is great.
$25 Bling Lollis!\nChocolate covered Gummy bears!\nGiant Gummy Bears!\nIcecream! It's a cavity on a store!\n\nWe loved walking around and checking out all the outrageous Candy!!\nCheck it out!
Food...eh Pricey for average food although they try to make it an upscale experience. Wine/drinks good. Service excellent.  Heard happy hour is good 3-6p, 11p-2a.
What a wonderful place to eat lunch!  Kincaid's now has lunch and learning presentations every Friday at 11:30. Business owners do yourself a favor and stop by and check these out. Dinner is very good as well.
we love this place, great food fun atmosphere
This place is small, has a poor selection, indifferent staff and perhaps most important, it smells. It smells bad. Like something is rotting somewhere. Now what I want to encounter in a place that sells food. Avoid this location for anything that isn't sealed somewhere else.
I have been a regular here for over 3 years now!! Thanks Jack, Jenny and the rest of the staff for always taking such great care of my Mani/Pedi needs!!
I had a very nice savoury crepe here. I absolutely love crepes and this one was pretty good. Maybe a little heavy on the bechamel but the richness of the sauce matched up well with the spinach and mushrooms.
Food is very good, the owners are very friendly.  I would have given them a 5-star however it typically takes 10-20 minutes to get your food (and this is simple mexican food), secondly they don't have free chips & salsa.  Their Texax Burrito and the Al Pastor plate are both very good.
Stay away from this place! Bad management and charging you for items not normally charged in any hotel! I am here now and it is miserable! Too bad there is  no Zero star option!
I don't understand the hype. The food is okay, the alcohol selection is limited, the service is slow, and the ambience is strained. I have been dragged here many times and it seems popular as the only 'upscale' bar for the undergraduate sorority set.
I am a native new yorker and lived in chicago and these bagels are like einstein bagels. The skin of the bagel is soft and not authentic. Coffee is horrible. Service marginal. Avoid this place if you know bagels.
This was our best fairmont stay and our favorite farimont resort. Could have not been better. Thank you. First class.
Food was bland. Ambiance was nice.
Went to Tutto's on my birthday and found it to be quite good. It was a little odd because we sat next to a shop and our waiter was a little rude. It was loud and we couldn't talk to the people at the other end of the table but the food was good.
Portions for ants, food took more than 45min to come, one at a time, nobody had food at the same time. Over pricy and bad service
The food is great!! U almost have to try the whole menu it's so good. The drinks r 1 of a kind, it might take a min to get it but there amazing I enjoyed it all the service is great the food is breath take n, u just have to try it!!!!
We have lived in Scottsdale for almost 5 years and many times we have heard how great this place is.  Finally went here to try it out with a group and it was probably some of the worst food we have had in Scottsdale.  The service was not great and seriously the food is lacking!  We won't be back...
Every Indian in Las Vegas eats here. If you're not Indian and you want to eat where the Indians eat, this is it. It's the Bomb. and I don't mean Bay.\n\nEveryplace else is like the toilet that kid hid in in the movie Slumdog compared to this.
It's cheap, it's edible & it's nothing special.  Very thin patty on unseeded bun and average fries.
The food is subpar and pricey but the drinks are amazing. The hostesses are good looking too.
Clerk # 0772834 does not know what she is doing but has no problem being condescending to customers.\nAmazing how RUDE some people can be.
Friendly staff, clean atmosphere, and tasty pizza that reminds me of the older locations in Tempe.  Original crust was just perfect, cheese was silky smooth, and there was a great vibe in the place.  Nice lunch stop with slices too.
The food was good. Excellent egg rolls, wonderful hot and sour soup, good pad Thai. However, service was slow and the noise level was harsh. We would get take out from her but would not come back to eat here.
A good mix between Chinese and Vietnamese cuisine. The menu prices were definitely cheap for the portions, but decor inside was hole-in-the-wallish.
\u00dcber Bomb.  This place has 3 things going for it. Consistency, Consistency, Consistency. If you like fresh authentic, then this is the place for you.
I was so impressed with this body shop. They did great work on my car, dealt with the insurance company and when I picked up my car it was spotless inside and out ( much better than when I droped it off).\nI highly recommend them
Empanadas were great,  but we sat outside and the music was competing with the music from flamingo.   It was impossible to hear anything and was the opposite  of relaxing.  The nachos were cold, and swimming in velveeta.  Could be a nice place,  but the music situation needs to be resolved
We had friends staying at the Wynn and we were at Aria. Staff said our friends could visit us at the pool. When they arrived they were not allowed in. Management, including manager, Sally, was extremely. It messed up plans for the day for 12 people!
This place SUCKS!  The food was horrible and the service was ridocuoulsly slow.  STAY AWAY
Food was pretty good, the lamb is pretty amazing. Tender, flavorful, and lacking in the strong gamy smell that it normally comes with. Swordfish steak was abit bland and tough and I would pass on it. Expensive but no more expensive than other restaurants in its class
I asked two different employees & they told me that they do use msg!!!  their food taste fantastic but be aware if you do not want msg.
Great nail salon and waxing.
Cash only. Cute place, good crepes, good coffee.
All I can say is yum. Best food I have had in a long time. This will be my go to place when I am in town.
Not so rad.
The service was amazing. I don't even care about the food i would come back for the service
Very disappointed there was no sushi. Food was meh. We got ignored most of the night.  Oriental people came in 40 mins after us and got served before us.
African American girl is hella rude will not pay attention to u at all... She needs to find another job she's not cut to be a bartender
They changed the menu. NO fried lasagna anymore. No burgers on the dinner menu. The menu is very limited. The food is good but pricey.
Since moving to Las Vegas, my daughter and I have been looking for a really good pizza place.  And we have finally found it!  From the warm and delicious garlic knots to the pepperoni pizza, this is definitely become our favorite place!
Absolutely THE BEST GELATO!! AND the servers are always super friendly AND the place is always uber clean AND they offer a free gelato on your birthday.  A+++.  Oh, and the Sea Salt Caramel is to die for. :) It just doesn't get better than this.
Friendly, great prices, they stick to their quote, and they do the job. I think I've finally found a mechanic I can trust.
$25 for a basic pedicure. Was given a small bottled water right away. Their foot massage was really really nice.  He was delicate with my cuticles. Clean and careful.  The curtains between massage chairs make it more comfortable. Had a nice time with my girlfriend here.  Would come back.
The worst brunch place EVER! Radioactive bloody Mary's, slow and cranky service, and half the items on the menu not available. Stay home rather than come here.
The whole place was average. I thought the food was very plain and the atmosphere was not as fun as Tommy Bahama would portray.
The yelp reviews were so good I wanted to believe I found a new mechanic, unfortunately not the case for me.
The food here is good quality.  And the portions for the entrees/mains are quite large.  Worthwhile trying if you live in the area and like Greek food
I had the Hubert Keller burger and it was gooooooooood. And the hazelnut milkshake. Yuuuuuuuuuum. That is all.
Alot of food, resonably priced great service.  Parking can be a challenge at times.
This starbucks is small and sweet. I like that it is attached to a low-price gas station too. I had the carmel apple spice -which I am in love with & it made my night.
Slowest car wash in town.   No idea how cars that come in after mine are done and dry before mine is even through the wash tunnel \n\n\nThe employees here are clueless
We have been vomiting all night after eating here. Went in to talk to someone about it and they obviously don't care. Guy said oh well i didn't work last night. Looks like they have decent reviews, but i wouldn't take my chance again
Jorge is a professional at his craft, the ironwork is amazing and his outdoor designs are a work of art. Maurice Naidoo
Customer service is terrible  doubt I will ever go back
The consultant was terrible she would leave to go get a bra in a different size and not come back for 20 mins. She was very spacy and kept making mistakes,
Stellar. I had the pleasure of meeting Chef Romeo; great guy, nice staff, tasty food. Just go! The chilled veg salad gave me renewed hope for my upcoming  \"omg what am I gonna make for dinner there is nothing in the house but veggies\" meals. Thumbs up!
Service is awesome. Food is ok, Mediocre, price doesn't match the taste
food was good, the portions are huge , the service here is alittle gloomy compared to the hash house in the Imperial palace.. however this spot is extremely less crowded since it is located downtown in the Plaza hotel. .
i oredered take out the other night, and they forgot to include the ranch and celery. Thanksfully i had some at home, but it's not the point. Over the years, BWW has gone downhill, and this location is no exception.
I'll make this brief. Found hair in my meat, there was barely any room on the table, and the service could've been better.. Ehh.. Not my cup of tea
Friendly service, classy atmosphere, great food.  I look forward to going back!
We went there again last night and had the brisket sandwich which is called the Texan. Very good. A must try. Great Service and love the drinks too.
Appetizer platter was large and tasty.\nThe galaktoboureko dessert was not good.\nAlthough the chef is apparently Greek, he/she has made lots of compromises.  Or did not pay attention to his Yaya.\nService was super friendly.
I am addicted to this place!
Newks has a great selection of sandwiches and salads. It is very fresh and the quality is very good. Great place for lunch or dinner.
Some of the best mediterranean and middle eastern I have ever had! Owner is friendly and takes pride in his food.
The best beef tacos in the valley!!! I also love the salsa because it has the right amount of heat. The homemade tortillas are excellent and I always get an order to go. I would give it five stars but the building is a dump. Still love Carolina's though!!!
Went there twice in a month. Nom nom nom
Went on a Saturday night. What a treat! A very nice bistro style restaurant. Had the French Onion Soup, Flank Steak, and Tiramisu. All spectacular dishes. The wine was very reasonably priced. The service was quick and attentive. Would highly recommend eating here.
You guys get 5 stars for the friendly service.  Never been in here and not been taken care of by a very friendly staff
Just tried this place out for lunch since it's near my work.  The food was very good and very fresh.  I enjoyed the lunch selection.  My salad had wonderful fresh ingredients and I felt that the size was perfect.  I would like to go back for dinner or happy hour and see what the selection is like then.
Nick is awesome ! Drinks were fast , cold & perfect . A big menu but on point & yummy
Sketchy inside this place and it's unlike most Ray's in the valley.  The kitchen prep area isn't as viewable as most places, staff looked really scruffy and unkept, and the pizza was mediocre.  Found a solid piece of something in my ice once it melted.
Even the mango lassi is part of the buffet! If you're a weak vegetarian, beware the sizzling fresh chicken they deliver to your table along with fresh steaming naan bread. \n\nPlease Indian food gods, send a satellite of this place to Tucson!!!!
Talk about rude & mean.  This place is awful!
Great people - perfect food!\nThank you!
Good but expensive wine selection. Nice but expensive flowers.\nThe place is managed by inexperienced unprofessional kids. The Legacy store is far superior.
Wonderful food, great for people watching, brunch, awesome service. I love the Grilled Salmon & Spinach salad, smoked salmon hors d'oeuvres, Trout Amandine, and Warm Chicken & Brie Sandwich.  If you're driving, park Valet.  The entrance is right in front of the restaurant.
Most beautiful interior and exterior design out of all the Louis Vuitton's in the West Coast.  Received very bad customer service from an employee eventhough I was going to make a large purchase. I recommend shopping at either the Cesar's location or Fashion Center mall.
Good burger just need more Heath inspection awareness.  No hand washing between dropping raw meat and fresh veggies.  Gloves would be nice.
Awesome Massage Therapist. Very strong and always finds my problem areas without me even having to tell him! \nVery affordable and professional!
A gift from my children was delivered to the next door neighbor, with no note on the door to even notify us that the delivery of the fruit basket is delivered next door.  The neighbor stored the fruit basket outside and gave it to us 24 hours later.  Fruit is not even edible now.  Very poor execution of delivery. Never use this service any more.
Pretty bad. Was this place good at one time? For the price I paid, I expected something much better.\n\nTwo kids and an adult on a Friday nught. $86. Unbelievable. No selection of food. Quality of food sucks.\n\nOnly thing good was almond bread pudding.
We went there with a small group of friends for Arizona's Restaurant Week & Loved it! The food, service & prices were Great.
Stale bread, no napkins, no coke and sandwich artist had no clue what was going on. #subwayfail
Amazing Thai food. Specialized spicy flavor depending on what you like. Great service AND they put on the NCAA tourney for us. Spicy wings were also straight fantastic.
I'm a little wary of the greater cultural implications of the decor but the cocktails are great. I would suggest the red pepper red pepper and the backyard/patio. My experience with the barkeeps has ranged from totally great to totally not great. Have not tried the food.
This place has gone down hill. It used to be better but it now seems just like any old chain restaurant. From food quality to cleanliness, everything is suffering. Bummer!
Great happy hour (530-700) it's free for guest.  Rooms are ok but it is very family friendly. The free breakfast it a plus and they do eggs to order.  Have stayed here a number of times.
The Frozen Hot Chocolate was bomb!\n\nespecially.. you know.. summer in vegas..
Though the people were nice, I felt that the ability of the hairstylists were not reflective of the image that the salon presented.
Best indoor bowl I've ever skated. The vert ramp is well maintained but it's a little too big for my taste. I help out at another park in town and I wish I had KTR's bowl there. Zuc and Greg D. (Coaches) are good guys too.
service was good.\n\nFood was just ok. They oysters are good deal for happy hour. The board walk fries didn't really wow me. Crabs were good.
Very nice staff, very clean appearance...  Food was not bad, but seemed to have very little taste.  I had chicken& broc in brown sauce, my wife had house special lo mien...  We both had similar reaction to the taste.  Again it wasn't bad, just plain...
The store was really good but the restaurant was terrible, the food and the service were awful. I found a hair in my coffee and on my breakfast plate.
Cash only.\n\nThe 'famous' corn beef hash was not great- and heavily salted.  \n\nEggs were good.\n\nNot great food / not a lot of bang for the buck / 3.0 from me
This is a nice Walgreens easy access since the parking lot  connects to the other stores all the way from Van Buren to I-10
What has happened? Hopefully not all Panda expresses have reduced their packaging and portion sizes. This store has though. The rice was also pasty and overcooked. I was very disappointed. You guessed it, the prices have not changed either for the better. Won't be back to this location.
this bank is bad on over draft accounts. If the funds are there wether in savings or checking why do I have to pay for overdraft fees.. They should transferred the funds automatically!!!! Highly upset and now having to wait for manager approval.. poor customer service!!!
I love the stylists and staff, especially Joy!  They always make me feel welcomed and best of all understand exactly what I'm looking for :)
This shop is now closed.
Most every negative stereotype that exists as a part of lesser apartment living will be present here. 2 stars for nice front office staff
Good food and good service. The prices are according to what you get and the side dishes are substantial.\n\nIt has a nice European feel and has a nice terrace.
The food was good but kinda expensive, but hell, your in Vegas right? You gotta expect to overpay for stuff around here I mean people feed hundreds of dollars into machines so they can pull a lever and be disappointed.
Dr. Kohls is amazing.  She is warm and friendly and explains everything really well.  I leave the office amazed by her attitude.  Doctors like her are hard to find.  I highly recommend this office to anyone.
Ship-wrecked burger is great. Mac and cheese is bland. Service was good.
D\u00e9cor atypique et haut en couleur.\nDes viandes tr\u00e8s bien cuites et tr\u00e8s tendres mais des portions un peu juste.
The chocolate bread pudding and the espresso martini were really, really good. I took it down from 4 to 3 stars because the flat-screen tv/sports bar hybrid concept was weird, and frankly, the amount of Emeril merchandise that bombards you is getting really old.
What a fabulous staff! Everyone is so great and and wonderful customer service. The beds are awesome and they even offer cool towels to refresh yourself with after you tan. Decent pricing on lotions and good priced packages. I've never had to wait....plus they have some fun clothes and accessories.
i always enjoy the concerts on Sunday evenings!  Great concessions and clean park to enjoy friends, family and music.  This is a great park to host any occasion for any age group.
Only went for a drink or two. Decent place.
Food was quite decent, no complaints. The cucumber mojito, although a delicious and refreshing cocktail in the past, came out made with flat soda...twice. The bartender was obstinate. Disappointing.  Hopefully a only one time incident...
Their soup dumplings are amazing, and we love their pineapple fried rice!!
Very cool little corner of town.  It might look a bit sketchy, but was very safe.  Extremely good Reuben and a frosty pint of beer.  Will come here again
Get the 2 for 1 with player card!  Great selection for breakfast and helpful staff.  Food is above average for a Vegas buffet.  Can't wait for lunch!
I had a good time at this place, people were very nice but it is nothing special.  It is geared more towards the locals....if you are looking for an experience this is not the place. If you are looking for a casual, fun time....come here
Be careful. Had extremely poor and rude service from a Lucy M. Used my debit card to pay for my meal and found out she changed my tip amount and gave herself another $7 without my knowledge. I was furious! Called and spoke with manager Nicole who couldn't applogize enough. Consider yourself warned!
I'm THRILLED! that Glossy Nails has moved to their new location.  \"talk about convenient\" The place is (immaculate) & every time I have gone there. I've had a great experience & I will continue to go here!!
Love the waffle house but the one baseline sucks.  We waited suck a long time ended up leaving and went to Denny's.   I would recommend not going to the one on baseline.
The owner is a great guy and thus he has a great business. I miss this place and its not just ramen, he gives so many different options that it really makes a quick, tasty meal for the day between classes or on lunch. \n\n\nIts a smart idea and its a great local business.
Ok, the last few times I got food here, it was a little better. The service is still pretty out there, however.
This is going to be my new Bountiful Basket pick up! 11 a.m., heck ya! \n\nIts right off the I-17 access, kinda, in the ghetto, parking is a bit tricky. But whateve! Awesome fruits and veggies at a great deal!
This is a small, very dimly lit location and in no way resembles any other more modern Best Buy location. I guess all the merchandise is the same, but the layout is poor and they must have forgotten to remodel this location years ago.
Thanks Keoni W for the invite and setup. I didn't know/remember most of what he ordered for our small group, but it was all very good and comforting. This weekday afternoon was just dead, so the only sounds you probably would hear were our mouths noshing and munching. Good stuff, man!
Amazing scones!  Great breakfast food.  All around wonderful little place.
when i go here my double double is always extra tasty as well as hot did go inside after eating in the parking lot on a nice summer evening and they're lemonade was bone dry
Very good yogurts...  Would not consider this a Golden Spoon level of goodness, but definitely would go back.\n\n\nI had the Giradelli Chocolate and Cheese cake mixed.
Worst food I've tasted since 1995. Service was terrible and the filet mignon was cardboard. Very disappointed. Will never return
they do a good job, but they are very pricey.  i go here because it's close to my house. friendly staff and impeccably sanitary. gel manicure lasts 2-3 weeks, pedicure about a week and a half.
Food was decent, service was horrible.  Bar service was incredibly slow; servers both in the bar area and the dining room seemed like they had never worked in a restaurant before;  they lacked basic service skills; they seemed very uncomfortable waiting on the public. I'll give the restaurant another try in a few months...
I wanted to provide an update. Following my review, Earl of Sandwich customer service did contact me and are offering restaurant cards good for a free sandwich as compensation for my poor experience.\n\nI do appreciate the team to make it right!
Bakery review. Tasteless cookies and pastries. Doesn't compare to the legit Italian bakeries in Philly and SF. Not even going to comment on how they compare to their true Italian kin.
Staff was friendly as expected. I was surprised at how thin the walls were though. While sleeping in my room, I could clearly hear my neighbor open and close his closet and set up his ironing board at 5 am. I felt like he was sharing my room.
Love me some spring rolls there. Great place to take a date for an ice breaker while trying to make the rolls. Lol
Okay I've been here numerous times before always for oysters but we went the past weekend for the pan roast and it was two thumbs down. The broth was sweet for some reason and just not good. Go for the oysters but that's all.
The dairy case next to the diapers. Perfectly logical.
While the wait staff was pleasant, the food was subpar.  I had the gyro and the meat was overcooked and the lettuce was iceberg.  Plus no beer on draft.  Not a pub.  Disappointing.  And the waitress watched me the whole time I ate.
The pizza is good, but we've had horrible service the last two times we went. It's also rather expensive.
Love this Target! Never any lines. It seems when they see 3 people in a line they open another register. Gotta love that! It's a clean store also. And now they have expanded their grocery dept. Now I can just about get everything I need in 1store!
Great authentic food. Try it out. Very nice family!
Their Delicious hamburgers are soaked in wine before cooking to give them a robust and full body flavor the French fry's are big and crunchy the atmosphere is a dimly light sports bar with 9 tv's all playing different games the service is good and friendly
My favorite go to store that is affordable. I always stock up on tendy pieces here. Yes the store can be a little overwhelming sometimes so make sure you have plenty of time to so a little digging. Some if the quality is good and some of their basics aren't that good of quality, but for the price doesn't really matter
I enjoyed a well-poured Margarita and some delicious tacos while on our layover. The servers don't seem overly motivated to move quickly- strange to me in an airport where mostly everyone is on the move, food and beverages excellent.
We drove there from Vegas and found out it was $70 to look at the grand canyon. We left. Not paying those prices!
New to sushi and the staff was really nice in recommending to newbies. Price was great as well
They came out and replaced a window to our penthouse condo and the window doesn't close properly now.  I made MANY requests for them to return and fix the issue and was ignored.  Finally gave up!
Went to the Scottsdale Center For the Performing Arts & Virginia G Piper Theatre for The Capitol Steps.  The center and theatre was nice.  The show was also nice.
Worst can ride ever! The driver drives like a maniac! No meter, ghetto, and makes everyone car sick. Won't be taking any more cab rides from star cab.
This place is a dump. IT'S NOT SAFE AFTER DARK!!!\n\nI just stick to Target, Costco and the movie theater on the outside.\n\nDon't bother going inside.
Me and my friends met here. Was not really crowded on a Saturday night. Spent most of my time at the bar. Bartenders were friendly and attentive. Drink was decent. Food was ok. Nothing spectacular about it. Good place to meet up but wouldn't spend my entire night here.
By far the best Italian food on the lake. The pasta and soups during the winter are great!
Watch the temp on the cooler.  They were selling milk at 64 degrees and they said it was ok!
Yummy donuts and wide selection of drinks like coffee and smoothies! The donuts are very sweet and the prices are low, so it is nice to pickup some donuts for the house or workplace at a decent cost. The employees were very helpful and polite, and I felt very welcome.
I just went in here looking for a leash for my dog and was so disgusted by how sad and sick the dogs they had looked I had to walk out...  Something needs to be done about this place!  All of those dogs should be rescued and they need to lose their license!
Just got back from Vegas....took a visit here...the casino made every other casino look like wal mart....WOMEN will love it! Hot bars, bright lights, and very very clean! I also schooled my friend on slots and he hit $2100 here, not bad!
Really nice hotel. The gaming floor is really beautiful.  The one take away I had from my experience was the ventilation was kind of poor. I stunk really bad of cigarettes when I left and I didn't really see that many smokers. Sooner or later Vegas will lose gamblers like me to smoke free places.
Great for historical value and the immersion experience. Awesome addition of getting the ticket and learning whether your individual perished or not. Overall though I would NOT suggest you pay the 40-50$ it costs. BTW, I loved the movie and the majestic stairs made me nostalgic.
Dumplings were good. Services was okay. One course came raw (chicken) we return it and they gave us a new one. Overall was ok. Good food for the price.
Fast checkout surprised to see that there wasn't many shoppers, place was nice and neat had a weird guy look at me kinda scared lol bt other dan dat it was ok. Nothing wow or bad either jst neutral.
Told us we could pay a $40 penalty to drop our contract early. Not true, now saying we have to pay a full 2 years to cancel. I'm going to just let it go to collections, then pay it later. Don't go here, people care more about being cool and hanging out than working out anyway.
Expensive , small small amount too much modern style I'm not recommend here at all at all. I stop eat in hotel restaurants I should have stay that!! Just waste money
We loved everything about Frost! The service was great and the Gelato speaks for itself, absolutely delicious! We especially loved that everything was made fresh on site and does not contain preservatives.  Friendly staff and a clean store. Definitely a place we plan to visit more often.
Worst flower experience ever. This place had very little options and the worker was extremely rude over the phone and in person. I will not be going back to this florist.
There is not better place in Las Vegas for drunk, late-night, affordable food.  Grand Lux is good for breakfast, its good for lunch, its great for late night, and we will always come back here when we need a food fix and don't want crappy food from some dumpy strip location.
Sucky, and not a very good area either.
I am getting away from Bank of America. I opened a checking account and found out I will not have to pay fees. Kristen explained everything and was very helpful. Great experience.
Sashimi was fresh, but fried chicken was dry.  I adore the decoration of this place.
I went for a baby shower and they served appetizers.  Everything was very good. The guac was nice and fresh with not too much onion.  We also had good service that kept our iced teas filled.
Really cool atmosphere.  Mediocre food.
I love hole-in-the-wall type restaurants and was really hoping this was going to be n awesome hidden gem in queen creek. I liked their tortillas but, their food was just ok for me.
Awesome Pizza at a great price. \nHospitality wise also I was very satisfied. Worth going !
The bacon was overdone and the guests were immature. I really liked this bar but I'm a single girl so no security to walk you out just in case. :(
Sunday afternoon. I ordered a shrimp chimichanga and it was very good. It was a big, hot plate of food and came with beans, rice, lettuce, guac, and lettuce. The staff was friendly. And the restaurant appeared clean. No complaints.
Yummy treats, friendly and helpful staff. Small but fine if it's not too busy. Free wifi!
Over priced drinks and rude bartenders. Love the outdoor space but not worth the price
Great group of ladies, always friendly and fun. I've been going to Susan for a year and a half now. I'm gonna miss her when I move.
Great find! Fresh and flavorful cranberry chicken salad and spicy chicken wrap for a good price.  Plenty of good choices for sides with the sandwiches.  I had the macaroni salad, which was very tasty - just the right amount of dressing, too.  Service was friendly and attentive during a late lunch.
Awesome awesome awesome,\nLove their attention to detail. My car is black on black and the always make it look brand new & spotless!\nI'll be back often!
I've never actually been here for an actual meal but I've been here a few times for business happy hours.  The sliders, bacon wrapped scallops and calamari are all awesome.  They have a decent beer selection too.
I wanted to see their menu and prices so I looked at their website, which said that I should call for prices. I called just now and a gentleman told me that he is \"TOO BUSY\" to tell me prices and hung up! Um, okay then I am taking my business somewhere else.
Too expensive and they NEVER answer their phone so you cant make an appointment!
Stopped in with my husband for lunch.  Nice quite location, I actually like the fact that it is upstairs.  Service was on point, and the meat was very fresh!  Got tips on cooking time and we dove in!  I plan on returning!
I gotta say they've upgraded their menu. The waitress was greatr. The prices are good. Will go back, now.
Really did not like it here at all. Food was not particularly great either. I ordered a Ruben sandwich it had a weird aftertaste. I will not visit this place again.
Pretty good. It's very low key and comfortable. Staff was very nice.
Chimichanga was very bland. Been waiting anxiously to try this place, great location and view was great. But a little  pricey. Chicken fajitas were good and came out  steaming like they should.  Waiter was  nice and had a beautiful ass. I'd go back just to gawk at that again.
The food was ok but just that. Salsa was kinda bland as was the rice and beans. Shredded beef tacos were best part of lunch. Not overly impressed especially considering the dining room is pretty sketchy and for whatever reason there was a sheet of plastic covering the table. Probably will find a different spot next time
poor service took them 3 weeks to fix one darn bumper. NEVER do business with them EVER again.
Awesome food and huge portions. Had the chicken and waffles, and thought I was going to explode! I'm still full!
5 stars for sure 3 course lunch for under $20 bucks count me in only thing that was bad was it took too much time for our food to come out but that was totally my fault going their on a one hour lunch from work but definitely would suggest others give it a shot
We love this place! We eat at Famous Uncle Al's about once a week, especially during Volley Ball & Basketball season. It is a great friendly place to be. You really feel at home here, not to mention the good looking gray haired owner! Tell Ernie we said hello!
I went for a lunch buffet on a weekday. On par w/ Pacific buffet, but nothing incredibly special. I'll be back there for dinner.\n\nNice and clean though
I only give it this because I never seen an apartment I waited for 50 minutes after the leasing agent said 10-15 minutes. She never had the decency to come out and tell  me it will be a few more minutes..  It looked nice but there are many nice apartments. Sorry The Venue we will never do business..
They were perfect and professional. The food was great and ambiance cozy! Classy restaurant.
Not impressed. Good chance I won't be a repeat customer.
There Pizza was delicious, I thought it was a little pricey for 4 Pizzas with one topping we spent $70.00 The person that took our order, could not speak very good english, in fact he was rude. I would not recommend this place to eat at all. Find another restaurant in the Village.
Great option for dinner at the MGM.  Loved the ambiance and service was great, seemed like there was always someone there to fill your wine glass or ask if you needed something.  Had the seabass and it was amazing!
Not a bad place little on the expensive side for what it is but they do use very freash ingredients and it was delicious great place for after a work out
Hooters needs to fly in the hot ones from there other locations cause they are NOT here !!   One or two out of 20 deserve the hooters outfit .   But hey it's Vegas !!!   Have alot to drink and they will all look good.  Sorry girls but you would never get the job at any other location so enjoy Vegas..
I was hopeful that this would be a good experience, but The donuts were just ok...  Nothing special...  Nothing to make me want to return.
Great atmosphere and great food.  The tacos are a bit on the small side but that lets you get a taste of all of all of them.  Booth tables have their own beer tap!  Enough said...  The place is not very big but it is a lot of fun.
Definitely a fun place to find as you act like its a scavenger hunt in Vegas, the pizza was as New York as it gets in that part of town.\n\nSome might be turned off by the total lack of seating and long lines but all that is forgotten when you bite into your first slice.
This store is closed
Anything and everything you would need for home and auto.
Love this restaurant! Stumbled upon it back in 2008 when I was waiting for a friend who was also flying in for the weekend. I try to come here when I'm in town. Try: Strip Tease roll, Oh Dam Harry roll.
The food was really good but the tables and floor desperately needed attention.
This location on the strip is gone, there is a taco place instead. Mad Greek is off strip up Sahara now
This place is awesome has great food very authentic! also the owners of the place actually make alien brand tequila! as good as it gets!
My favorite Mexican Dive. You can get breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late night!! Don't expect too much, this is as good as CHEAP authentic Mexican food gets. The service Has been consistently good over the years. Best horchata in town.
Good stuff. Long line great perfectly prepared burger. Mmmmmmmmmmm. Mmmmmmmmmmm. Need I say more?  I think not. The only person who shouldn't love these guys would be a vegan!!
Great service, so many things on the menu I would like to try. Definitely will return on my next visit to Vegas.
I always come here for the buffet and like all the high end hotels in vegas this one makes u feel rich as soon as u step in...the shops are expensive as is the buffet but hey it's all about the opulence here.
Pretty standard hibachi fare. Wife and I went to lunch had the number 12 food was better than the hibachi express in gaston county flavor wise. What was a real surprise was the speed of the service especially at high noon lunch rush! I'd go back again four stars because the food could be a little better.
amazing food, you literally can not go wrong with any of the bruschetta toppings. I even tried their seasonal one for kicks and it was delicious too..\n\nyou will love it, but you will hate the wait.. still worth it.. especially the board and bottle deal.
Good food and service. A bit pricy - 85 for two with tip included shared app and food. Food is authentic and presentation was unique. Although you can't get too unique with Indian food. \n\nPlace was packed on Thursday night which became our decision factor to enter and eat.
The food is ok. But for the prices it should be much better. Some people really love this place, but I just don't understand their excitement. The atmosphere is pleasant and relaxing.
Sit at the bar, Jordan is awesome, friendly and always positive.   What an awesome bartender!
Wrong Rx after first visit.  Saw a second optometrist who changed it.  Left store twice after excessively long wait to order and pick up contact lenses.  Won't go back.
As a bird lover, of course I had a great time here.  Lots to see, and penguin meet-and-greets!  Thoroughly enjoyed meeting Elvis, and participating in the guided tour which included feeding the birds a bit.  I do think that some of the parrot cages need improvement but overall this was well worth visiting.
Great service, great pricing, and his truck is awesome, even has nice cushy straps.  I highly recommend Stu for motorcycle towing
It's good for the price. Who goes to Vegas to stay in the room during the day anyway.
Over priced for what it is. A good place to have a couple drinks for happy hour
This person stole our images and posted them on her website as her own.  Do not be fooled, she is a fraud and not a real photographer.
I love, love, love the pizza here. They have great beer selections too. They have traditional flavors and new variations. They had one that was a variety of olives on top - wow - it was great. Only draw back is it's usually pretty noise and hard to have any real conversation over dinner.
Maybe this even deserved just one star. The bread's are just a bit better than mediocre and the sandwiches are, well, sandwiches
Really slow service at lunch time. Seemed completely confused, unprepared and understaffed for the volume of customers which didn't appear to be excessive considering the time of day. Get a second star for good food but the service is sub-par at best.
Food was typical food for a chain place, wasn't bad.  The service was awful.  I seriously debated not leaving a tip.  We had to track our waitress down twice.  We were there watching the game with a group and she maybe came by every 20-25 minutes.
In door and outdoor seating. Great burger joint. Not your avg one though. the burgers are have there own style to them. The place is small and always packed though.
After the meal, I strongly suggest to try their deserts! Very creative and tasty!
Killa burger and fries.... Nice decor and scene... Plenty of flames !! Pricey but hey its Vegas
just terrible.  Over priced drinks, mediocre food.  Live music, was okay, but was  ridiculously hot.  Rude, rude, rude staff.  It's only popular because of prime location.  Save your money (lots of it, too) and go across the street to another location...any location.
call it blasphemy but I like happy hour on the patio here a little better than salty's.  \ndon't care much for the interior.
What makes me keep going back is the service.  The owner and her well-trained staff are super!
Id say RIP but that would be way to kind!
Happened to go here for a group dinner for a friends birthday. Let me tell you, not worth your money. Don't waste your time spending money for shit food.  Horrible.   I'd rather eat a Taco Bell burrito out of a homeless mans mouth.
Here today for lunch. Service was great and will be back if in the area and in the mood for AYCE sushi.\n\nTaste is about average to what you can find out here. Price too about the same as everyone also.
Had the chicken mole enchiladas. Average at best. Wasn't any better than any other Mexican food I've had. Not impressed. Passion fruit margarita was good.
Stay tuned....
These guys saved my life! my Macbook Pro died on me the day before my midterm! They were able to fix my laptop and save all the data in 45 minutes for under $100! Even the Mac store couldn't do that! I'm gonna use them anytime I have mac problems in the future and you should too.
This place has a couple things going for it, location and its lunch specials.  The food is mostly typical grill fare.  It isn't exceptionally innovative but it meets expectations.  With a little time and the humility to act on recommendations from the Yelp community this place could be another Arcadia fixture.
I wish we read the reviews before ordering food here. Hawaiian pizza was bland I would rather eat a frozen pizza. The nachos were super soggy. The edamame was good. Two cokes was 7 dollars. In many trips to Las Vegas this was by far the worst food I've eaten.
We go there for most of our fresh foods, it doesn't have the feel of a neighborhood grocer but the quality and selection are terrific.
Great waitress.  Rude bus boy.  Wouldn't be surprised if he was one of those that contaminated food just to be funny.  \n\nOh and don't get the peppercorn burger.  The sauce is awful.  and tastes like flat beer.  with pepper.
So I went here for lunch with some friends and was not impressed at all. I got the crab and chips, don't know why I thought it was going to be real crab. Anyways it was just deep fried imitation crab. No flavor and the fries were bland.
Terrible service, came in at 9:27 PM with eight people, place was empty and they said kitchen closes in three minutes and were quite rude!  We left and went to Firefly that was quite busy and had wonderful service and food there!  These place will go out of business because of poor service!
It is a bit pricey for being a barbeque restaurant. The food is good but it's not great.  if you're going there you're going for the experience not the food.
Red Velvet is my go to cupcake. Flavorful and moist. Always come here anytime I visit the strip. I've never tried the ice cream next door the line is always too long.
Not bad I'm hoping they will keep the hours open till 3 am we will come back
I had much higher expectations from this show. We enjoyed it, got discounted tickets. I'm glad I didn't pay full price, I would be much more disappointed. it was a little boring at times, and redundant. Enjoyable, but not amazing. I knew we should have gone to see Lion King lol ;)
Gross.  Period.
I'm definitely a fan of Pita Pit! Great food and customer service! This place doesn't have a lot of seating, however I typically go here over lunch and bring it back to school or the office. The menu is pretty simple and you can choose any toppings to add to your pita - so delicious!
Looks can be deceiving.  Awesome food.
Jovani was a great fast server! Great personality, the food came fast! Tasted great! I recommend. Good size servings to. I had the pho inspired dish with shrimp and steak , delish! Mongolian beef , Yum! Yum yum yum!
When I called Townsend pest I told Lyle what I had and though fought with German roaches for 8 months Lyle said no problem. And I haven't seen one since. They did what seemed impossible to me. Thanks Lyle
The portions here are HUGE! Make sure to come hungry, this place provides a great recovery meal after a night of binge drinking!
The FRIED CHICKEN here is anointed! The mac doesn't look that great, but its amazing! Kinda like what \"what mamma used to make\". Very good soul food in the Charlotte area!
I loved my huge roast beef/turkey sandwich. We split 3 ways and had leftovers. Would definitely visit again.
This Costco is just like any other Costco. However one thing that really sets it apart from the rest are the sample sizes. They are very generous with their proportions, as can be seen by my picture. The facilities are clean, and the workers are friendly. Not much else to add since it's pretty typical of Costco.
very sloooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.\n\nbut fine pancakes.
Got some coffee and plaintains to go while on a road trip. The coffee was great. Good flavor and hot. The plaintains were not good. I have had much better other places. Next time a road trip brings me this way, I will stop and try the full menu before I write their food off.
Best Prime Rib I have ever had, wife had the Silverado Chicken, also the best she had ever had. Will be back. Friendly and helpful staff.
Went there today and very disappointed. Used to be real authentic but now tastes and looks like pre manufactured food. Garden Cafe near by is the new place! Authentic! I
I ordered a soft taco with meat and cheese and nothing healthy, and a Cheese Enchilada with nothing healthy, when I got my food they both had lettuce and tomato on them. Did not enjoy them, will not be back.
When is Land Rover fast? When they're processing my payment. When do they take their sweet time? The remainder of the time. BTW, that free coffee is gonna cost you.
Great place,\nnothing else to say.
Friendly staff and good service. This is our 4th birthday party for kids here and they consistently do a good job. I wish that they had more pinball machines and better food choices. It is expensive, but the cars are very fast and the kids have a blast. The party room we were in could use some carpet cleaning. Over all a great time.
Highly, highly overrated! I'm from Louisiana, so I'm a tough critic. I ordered Blackened Pork Chops and it was just okay. Also, we smelled like a grease kitchen for the rest of the day. Best advice is to dine outside! Best piece of lunch was the cornbread.
Great outdoor area! Didn't charge my non drinking driver for his soda. Also you can smoke outside. Thursday is lady nights with 3 dollar drinks.
Caught one of the sushi chefs assemble rolls with the same gloves he touched his phone with and proceeded to make rolls as if it's sanitary. Informed the manager on shift, she didn't seem to care much. Haven't been ever since and wouldn't recommend to any one.
Update...went back again with old friends. Beautiful surroundings...and that's it. Rude service once again. I'm done with this place. Makes me so sad, so many happy memories here. Customer service is everything and they just don't have it here.
I love this place!!! The breakfast is huge portions with even bigger flavor and the happy hour is a great deal! My favorite dish: Chicken Nacho's (can be eaten as a meal)!!
The staff is friendly and quick to make the food. But as far as the food goes it's not worth the money. The bread is very thin and hard and the sandwiches are very plain and lacking in flavor.
I had a signature ribeye steak here. Very juicy and good flavor. The food and atmosphere had a certain memorability to it. Totally recommend. The potatoes au gratin. Off the hook!! Ok that sounds corny. But they were...
Very nice store.  They had a couple really cute dogs walking around and one in baby crib that was just adorable.  This is a great place to go for one of kind items or great gifts for the dog lover but nobody paid attention to us.  Nobody made eye contact nobody said hello so we just walked out.
Great food, good vibes. The onion bread was off the charts! Go for lunch and enjoy the buffet. The samosas, oh the samosas!
Not good service at all...waited 10 min to be seated, didnt get a waitress for another 10 mins...and wasn't attentive the entire meal! I'm astonished by such bad service for the price of the meals.
I love sitting at the counter with my Kids looking at the food being cooked and watching them lost in amazement at all that is going on.\nFood is served fast, hot with great presentation, love the coke machine, seems to have 1000 combinations of flavors.
look up youtube videos of this club and watch for yourself!\n\nthere, enough said.
The tables were dirty. The food was exactly what you would expect. It is an hour after my meal and no tummy gurgles yet. Whew!
I was treated very poorly by the front desk employee. She was extremely rude and unprofessional. I just can not handle extremely poor customer service. I would only go if I had no other place to go. They will not be getting my business.
Mediocre at best, slight step up from Denny's. The biscuits were made from bisquick , there was no sausage in the anemic gravy and the chicken fried steak was just breaded hamburger. The Apple Danish was good though.
There seems to be a long wait and the prices are on the high side, but they had the best burgers I've ever had. The onion rings and sweet potato fries were also amazing as well as an attentive staff made this one of the best times I've had in Vegas.
Nice little spot, good food & service. It's just to expensive for me. $13 for a combo meal! Yikes!
I ate at the to go stand in the terminal, and it was awful. I ordered a bagel with cream cheese, and I got a stale bagel with one small thing of cream cheese and nothin to spread it around.
Got the Doritos supreme tacos and a grilled wrap with a cherry limeade. The tacos were soggy and flavorless because of the sour cream. Next time, no sour cream. Grilled thing was so-so. Cherry limeade was tha bomb.
Called 3 times and waited for 3 hours to get my food. Expensive. Didn't even give a spoon for Miso soup.
Almost all of the items I get here are complemented by friends and family... love the selection, but watch for sales.
The food is great! And I really love the breakfast burritos. My only qualm is that it's pricey for what you get and its a long wait in the drive thru. But great tasting food 24-7 is a huge plus!
We both decided on eggs Benedict served open faced on a bagel with a side of fresh fruit.  The eggs were slightly overdone, but the Hollandaise sauce was a winner.  We also appreciated the option of having either the fruit cup or hash browns.  Service was very good.
Best selection of food in the area. Sadly, the shitty customer service skills of your cashiers make it less than desirable to shop at.
Tons of Thrify Ice Cream flavors.  It was a $1.79 for a single scoop in a cup, but it's close to my house.\n\nOnly minus was there was a weird cleaning chemical smell.  I hope that goes away soon.
The food was just OK. Soggy french fries on a greasy cheese steak pattie.  The service was awful, noise, and not helpful for a newcomer to Primantis and Pittsburgh.
Amazing!  This is place feels like a mom and pop operation no big corporation here.  The food is fantastic.  Huge menu all healthy.   Great options.  Don't skip the coffee either....great way to start your day!
I've had excellent results using Arborcare for timing all the trees on my property.  They are very knowledgable and very reasonably priced.  I've used several different companies in the valley over the years and they are - hands down - the best I've found.  Keep up the good work Arborcare!
I might not have liked the wood fried Pizza. Loved the starters though but not all. Three cheese was good (liked only two of them) and the bread sticks. In general pizza was ok.
Went in for weekday lunch... Servers sitting around bullshitting, hostess seemed mad that we showed up and interrupted their fun... Despite an abundance of tables and unoccupied workers, we were told there was a half hour wait time. Won't bother giving them a second chance.
Best burgers and shakes ever.
Very charming spot, reasonable prices and good food. We had a group with four children during a busy time and they accommodated us great. Nice to be able to eat with children in an adult restaurant\nand not feel out of place.  We will definitely be back again.
Was not worth the long wait. Eggs Benedict was tiny, ask for the hashbrown a extra crispy or else they come in an ice cream scoop shape and are soft. Food took over 30 minutes to come out.
Slow service and food was room temp when it finally came. Eggs Benedict not good unless warm. Tex-Mex omelette flavor was good but dish was not hot. Now we know why parking lot was half empty on a Saturday morning.
Food was okay. I had better. Too overpriced for the taste. Very bland food. I'll stick to ChinaTown. And seemed like servers did not want to be here
Jason has been washing & detailing my car for a year now, and it never ceases to amaze me how he can transform it from my mess ( average 120 miles a day...)  to a showroom condition time after time.  Excellent pricing, Super service, great pricing.  Completely Clean is the ONLY clean for my car!
Way Over priced for small portion and terrible costumer service! Would never return. $70 lunch and they automatically add the tip which they don't mention for a server who stopped at your table twice and was to busy to refill your water glass! Thanks but no thanks
I would have to say this is by far the best buffet in Las Vegas. The food is all gourmet. The wait can be a bit long at times would be the only downfall.
Comfortable seats to watch games and races on the jumbo TVs, but in general the payouts seem lower. I usually go to MGM properties, if not MGM itself.
\"WHAT?!\" \"I CAN'T HEAR YOU!\" This would be a great place to take someone you don't want to talk to/ have a hard time talking with.
I love coming to the Art Walk. This is a great way to spend a Thursday evening during the spring and fall when the weather here is perfect. \n\nSome of the galleries even have free wine samples. There are some pretty interesting galleries here to check out.
One of my faves.  They just added a new ahi salad that is to die for!!!  I haven't been disappointed yet!\nThe Ice cream place attached, Churn, is so cool!  Always have to have my sweetie after dinner.
The bar was very nice but it is hard to order a beer there and to find a seat.  Very small bar and everything is priced differently. No posting for happy hour but we got a happy hour discount. Would have been nice to know.
May be the best place in Phoenix for an amazing traditional breakfast.  This is the new location because they out grew the old.   They actually have really good options for lunch too!
Everyone likes Pirates and its free! Aarrgghh
Website says they take to-go orders before 9am on Saturday and Sunday but no one picks up the one before that.
Cool hip ambiance comfortable seating  nice lighting  and great cocktails especially the old time refresher.  Started with the devils on horseback which were delicious.  Then continued with the flat iron steak and braised Brussels which were both ridiculously great! Highly recommend. Mike the bartender was very accomadating!
Local, Farm Fresh, Organic!\nSouth Tryon Street is the best location of all their stores. \nOne of my favorites and I'm a regular here. Check it out.\nPS - They make smoothies
Delicious food and great atmosphere.  It's a great restaurant for a special occasion, but not for your average dinner out
ShinBay is a very fun and adventurous sushi experience. The chef's tasting menu was diverse and satisfying: the halibut appetizer and clam/mushroom entree were standouts.\n\nThe relaxing atmosphere enhances a special occassion.  \n\nThe service could be crisper.
Do a good job but try to up sell me and rip me off every time.  And they take freaking forever!!
Reasonablly priced
This place looks really cool. Too bad the curry was not that good 'Watery\"....if you want to eat real Japanese curry just go across the street to Zen curry.
TSA employees are some of the rudest that I have encountered. It felt like I was checking into a prison. Food and drink choices are lacking, mostly overpriced fast food. Not that one goes to the airport to eat, still, they could try a little harder. Very long walk from security to the gates in Terminal One.
Got food poisoning from the tortilla soup. So I wouldn't recommend that. Hesitant to recommend anything actually. I was the only one who got SOOO and got sick so my friends made it out okay Waitress could have been more attentive to our waters being out at the table Etc.
Had your typical scoop of ice cream on a cone - it was delicious! They are very generous with their scoops and have friendly service!
Oh man lines are way too long and customer service is terrible.  They moved us around three different lines (even though we were on VIP guestlist) and took us three hours to get in. Dj line up is the best, but not worth the hassle.
Good food, good prices, good service.   What else to say, especially good for lunch.\n\nWhen they say \"hot\" they mean it, so be aware when specifying stars of hotness.
I understand some people aren't happy with FirstService Residential however,  there is a rental department that is separate. FirstService Residential itself does not handle rentals.
You will never go away hungry...and your wallet will not be much lighter.  Good food, good prices and wonderful staff.
When I have been here, I was not very impressed.   The meat lacked good color and texture.  I found the sauces were designed to mask the flaws of the meat.  I might be being too harsh but as someone who loves BBQ this is not a place I would recommend.
Went  to Hooters , apparently it was a UFC fight night. Place was very busy but got treated like VIP. We had 10 in our party and everything  was great! Ive been back a few times since.  And will keep going back.
Place had a really good IPA. I went with a local that has lived here for 30 years. He was right about this place it is really good. The beer was good as well as the pizza and appetizers. Would go there again.  I could recommend it.
Best Carne Asada I've ever had!! I've been coming here for two years now and they never disappoint!!
nothing special
Truly as good as it gets!
Terrible. Go at your own risk. Had an issue with another guest shouting at my kids. Management and owner did nothing. They don't care about customers. Awful place.  Go if you are up for an unsafe environment with poor service by owners who simply don't care.
good fast service, and the food didn't disappointed. i must have come in at the end of a rush because it was a little nasty in there.
Still excellent service and greeting from Therese. Great value. Great portions.
Awesome! They are soooo friendly too. :))))
Amazing food for the vegan or vegetarian. Pretty much everything on the menu is top notch.
I went back again, after a call from the owner inviting me to try them again. I'm much happier this time around. Good service, my hair looks great and feels super soft.
They have the most amazing gluten free sandwiches ever - on bread that doesn't taste like sand.  The staff is also very friendly.  I'll be back.
The Buenos Aires Steak Pav\u00e9 sandwich is delicious, but honestly, quite small for $15 after tax.  Yes, you do get a drink and a bland vegetable soup, but we were expecting a little more bang for the buck.  We came out still hungry...
This Starbucks is near UNLV on Maryland Parkway.  The baristas are quite competent, and their supply of pastries was good even for it being 1 in the afternoon.  The free wifi is really handy, but it's harder getting a table because so many people have made Starbucks their office.
I love this airport.  Small enough to get in, around, and out of the airport and large enough to get decent direct flights to most cities.  Parking is cheap but could use more better restaurant options.
I think I can safely say this is the worst Indian Food in Pittsburgh. They do a good lunch business with the Hospital, mostly visitors who don't know better, but they do have their fans. The decor is outdated and dirty, and the meat quality leaves much to be desired.
Tried their Tonkotsu Ramen Noodles w/ shredded green onions, Kim Chee, and Calpico soft drink.\n\n\"OK USA!\" - Bloodsport. aka Not bad.
Ate here last night. Great clean atmosphere. It has a ton of seating areas! The waiter we had was great, nice, made sure we were taken care of. The food was good. I ordered steak and half rack of ribs. Steak was very good and the ribs were good. Overall I was pleased.
Amazing. One of the best restaurants I've ever been to. The shrimp cocktail was phenomenal and the scallops were perfect. Everyone in our party of 8 were very happy with their food. Pricey, but great atmosphere and service.
This isn't fine dining folks, but I do love the food! I get my food to go because the seating and tables are scary. They have Pick Up Stix chairs.  I love Taco Tuesdays! It's a notch below Los Faves and Filib's, but still pretty good.
I highly recommend Sunland Auto Service.  I went there to have my vehicle inspected prior to me selling it, and I must say, this place is a rare find nowadays.  Seriously, nothing beats an honest, knowledgeable, and thorough  mechanic!   I was also quite impressed by how the owner and the employees treated their other customers.  A +
This place poisoned me. They are sloppy in their kitchen and do not cook their burgers thoroughly. I was up entire night vomiting from their bacon cheeseburger.\nDO NOT GO HERE!
Terrible bun nem nuong.  Pho is whatever. Fried rice sucks.  This place isn't good what it used to be.  They can't even make sua dau nanh hot!
Pros: The prices are high Cons: The food is awful.
Waiting room nice and cool ... But they would not honor the yelp discount... \n\nCar should be nice and clean though :)\n\nUsed to come here all the time hopefully service is walgat it
Great coffee. Great food. Great prices. Cozy hang out. Lots of vegetarian options too!
Great meal and very attentive service.  Menu seemed a little too all over the place.  The reason for the three stars really is the distance of the place, it's a $40 cab ride from the strip.  If you don't mind, worth the visit.
Reminds me of many of the restaurants in Albuquerque, NM. Old house converted into a restaurant with very cozy feel, great food and service. Really enjoyed the meatloaf - different flavor and presentation than most. I look forward to going back to try something else on the menu.
Amazing food!!!!!! One of the best meals I've had in a long time!!! Super cool and chill environment, we will definitely be back!
The chicken was nasty and fatty and still had the skin on it and not much sauce. It was a good deal of you like plain rice. Will never go back.
Spring roll wrapper is very soft and moist, the texture is perfect. The appetizer pork spare ribs is so delicious, highly recommended. The Chandler rice plate is tasty and  portion is generous. The price is unbelievably cheap. Too bad I don't live Chandler. I'd come here for 3 meals a day.
Again like my other reviews, it's a liqueur store. You can find what you need here. I'll say this, it's a little smaller compared to some of the bigger newer ones throughout the Valley. But it serves it purpose. :)
Uninspired and bland. Entire table thought this and the manager wouldn't even come to our table to discuss. For the money there are MUCH better steakhouses in vegas. Try somewhere else.
Super interesting and great food! A definite must see. So many unique combinations of food that I have never had but well worth it.
Went for lunch today and ordered Kung Pao chicken. Possibly the worst I have ever had. No taste, too much celery, and in a brownish sauce. Fried rice and hot n sour soup were ok. Won't do this again.
Waited about 1 hour to get food. The menu is the same as the 3 brewers. I would recommend going there instead.
We absolutely love this shop! We stopped going to any other shops because of Casey the owner. They have the best juices, great prices, and AMAZING customer service. This place is the BIZZNAZZ
Our hostess/manager/valet/bar keep/was very attentive and enjoyable. Really turned our bad day around. Thank you!!!
I found the food here to be positively awful.  I went because I saw a Food Channel show on BBQ culture in the South, and it gave me a craving that this place cured, but did not satisfy. Yuck.
Houstons is my favorite spot for lunch. Great wine list when it's not a business lunch. Sounds silly but get the chicken tenders, they will not disappoint. A child's dish done in an adult manner. The service is always great.
Great food. Cheap price. Specially on happy hour.\nHalf off draft beers and appetizers. \n\nAppetizers are very large portion. \n\nRestaurants kind of cold and dark.  \nExcellent service.  Good vibes.
Bought their pizza to take home and bake. Terrible. No flavor. The marinara pesto sauce was brown. Whats up with that? Not impressed so won't be buying that again.\nI've had their pizza in the past & it was good.
I especially love their fries as it is crispy the way that I like it! I have had the Bigfoot Burger which was quite filling.
The movers did a wonderful job.  They arrived early and hustled to keep us within our time window.  They were literally jogging in and out of the house.  I was also impressed that they carried most items by hand and rarely used the dolly.  Really nice, hard working guys.  I highly recommend them.
Sprint salesman are worse then used car sales man.
It's a Starbucks. The employees could really care less about you. Why should they have to care about customer service.  After all you came to them for a service, they will help you when it is convenient.
Very good pizza, OK salad with the ambiance you'd expect in a desert town.  Wish they had espresso drinks.  Very extensive menu. We'll try Little Italy again.
Crispy Chicken Wrap.  My favorite wrap in the city of Scottsdale!!! So tasty!  Recently had a wrap at Saddle Ranch, and I was so disappointed... Lodge wraps only from here on out.  YUM!!!!!
If I could give this place 0 stars, I would.  Both location will go out of business as it is run by dishonest and unethical people.  Would not trust how they get their supplies or what they do to the food.  Stay away.  Go to Grimaldi's, Pizza Rock, or Custom Built pizza.
Messed all of our orders up and apparently are confusing Mexican for Asian cuisine because all I can taste is SOY sauce in this steak burrito. Btw Mexican food is made with carne asada, it's not called steak. Fail.
We just went there to eat for lunch for our 1 year  anniversary, 30 minutes after being seated we were still awaiting a server to take our drink orders. 30 minute wait for drinks which we never got to order. After getting so inpatient with the bad service we ended up leaving.
Service is friendly and quick, but I thought the actual espresso was worse than average. It was bitter and it couldn't even be masked by the chocolate and caramel I ordered.
Um hot tubs in the cabanas? Deal sealed. Oh and they seem to always get the best DJs. That helps too.
in a pinch not too bad. terrible music though. better than a burger king or other fast food.
Ok, so I gave this place a second shot and pretty much had the same experience as before.  It was just meh.  Tried something different and it was slightly cold again.  I doubt that I'll ever go back.
They were very busy for breakfast and had trouble with their time management. My husband's Eggs Benedict was delivered by the manager without the ham... Waiter never checked on us... I had the baja omelet. It was a good choice.
I'm continually surprised by the ratings for this place.   Service was decent.   Food average .  Price high.   I just don't get it.\n\nThis review won't be long enough to score  as epic because I can say it in one word \"meh\"
we tried the flat white. milk temperature was good, on the cool side. strength and flavour was good but no real milk texture that would have lifted it.  a good option though if you're in the area, especially if you're hungry as there are heaps of good sandwich options :)
We have visited multiple times. Love the Mac N cheese, frozen hot chocolate, huevos rancheros, sweet potato fries, hamburger, sundaes etc. We try to visit every time we are in Vegas.
Excellent service from Jenilee, Mel and the rest of the crew! Fantastic food - Egg-zactly how I ordered it! Glad we came here and we will be back!
ok I had to do the tourist thing and go to this fabulous staple. Didn't know what to expect being used to the NYC pastrami scene, but I must say smoked brisket with the blend of peppercorn and other spices rocked my taste buds! Great way to start for my first visit to  Montreal!!
Went here with the husband and our 2 teens and we all get something different so we could share. Everyone enjoyed their smoothie and the employees here were very friendly. \n\nI just wish these dang things were a little less pricey...and i would eat em more often, they are like having a meal.
Love this place, great lunch deal for this side of town. Fast service and friendly staff.
Dr Faylona is great! She is very understanding and checks everything!  Oh and she listens to her pat!
the arugula pear salad was as bland as the Valpolicella and La Noce pie. the ambiance on a cool April evening was a delight. the dining experience was saved by the 25% donation of our bill to Dining Out For Life.
I order the pork katsu.  i thought the pork was cooked pretty good.  the curry sauce was tasty and the price is reasonable.  i think of this place more for lunch than i do for dinner.
Let's go SHOPPING! ^_^  Compared to the Charleston outlets these are more up my alley (read: typical Joe Shmoe) with some haute shops sprinkled in.  Plus it has the Lane Bryant outlet for my fellow big girls!
My wife and I share the crab puffs and two of the sandwiches. All were great and we hand an outstanding dining experience. I'm just sorry I didn't try the wings - next time.
All the ladies that work here are super sweet! The place is very clean - they clean the pedicure basins very thoroughly. I always make an appt and get serviced right away. I love this place!!
Like the tacos!  Menudo is fair.
Never wait more than 5 minutes to work with a personal banker (Marco, Amanda, and Frank great), very friendly tellers, no one is in a rush here, fully staffed properly to spend time answering questions and helping!
The lobster tail was salty. The crab legs were alright. The shrimp was awesome. The asparagus was amazing. All in all it was eh.
Overpriced!  The food is average.
Just went here for my first time with no idea what to expect. The guy behind the counter was so friendly and helpful! I had to leave quickly after picking out some frozen elk patties and a stuffed chicken breast because I seriously would have bought everything... Thanks for all the help, I'm so excited to cook my chicken!
This airport is terrible for an international one.. They seriously need some remodeling done. It's nearly impossible to find an electrical outlet to charge your items anywhere near your gate. \nThe WiFi is spotty too...\n\nand get used to the taxi line of doom!
Love this place for their Chile lime churrasco and onion rings with ranch dressing.  Love their wings extra chrispy!  I always get their hee-haw junction drink too.  Best ever!!!!
Amazing Italian food. Veal parmigiana is one of my all time favorite dishes, and theirs is top notch. The desserts are great, they have a good wine selection and phenomenal service. \n\nThe price is a bit on the higher side, but well worth it.
Julie does a fantastic job. Been going to her for years. The attention to detail is tremendous and I come away with a haircut I can have confidence in.
A friend recommended Lon's, and I am thankful that she did. I went there for brunch, and thought the food and atmosphere were terrific. The price was also very fair for a meal of that quality. The service was also quite good.
Love it . Quick service and food was really good. Cute spot
Try putting some price tags and signs where your small kitchen appliances are. Or at least have someone readily available to answer questions.
We had dinner here Saturday night.  They have changed their buns on their burgers for the better! We enjoyed our food and the staff was very pleasant.
Since when does it take 1 1/2hrs. toile Lo mein?  My husband and I sat at this joint with only 1 other party in the dining room for over an hour.  I won't be stopping in on my lunch hour!!!!
I don't mind the Fitz\nDingy rooms but it's downtown\nGo out and party
GREAT Popcorn Shrimp Basket! Haven't tried anything else yet because this is just so dang good that I can't resist not getting it when I go there! Get it!
I had a awesome time at this club. The wait to get in wasn't too long, the place wasn't overly packed like other Las Vegas Clubs. There is a nice outside area to relax in especially for the Summer Nights!
Great bar, great neighborhood, cold beer and good food.  Not a bad combination for a quick beer and bite in NoDa.  If you haven't been, swing in.  It's much better pricing than you'll find in town and it's relaxing.
This little out of the way place, in a chic neighbourhood, offers great tastes and doesn't just cater to the usual gay/lesbian crowds.  My favourite is the lamb burger with pine nuts!  The staff are very friendly, especially the Pole.  :)  Check the place out.
It's a cute, little caf\u00e9. Not much room between tables; felt like I was part of everyone's conversation. Next time, I'll grab and go.
I've eaten just once, mostly I go for drinks. Nice, lively place, nice outdoor seating for the summer and fall.\nDrinks are good, service is good.\nLocation is great as well, right across the movie theater.
the only bad thing about this place is that it is cash only. which is sometimes a little inconvenient but other then that its probably one of the most reasonably priced places in chinatown. its way less then tea station about half the price. so for now this is my new favorite place. nothing i have tried is bad here.
It is not worth the price of $40+ per person. there is nothing for you to eat, but a few tacos and pasta and cookies and cakes. Save your money and go elsewhere
Today was the first time ever shopping in Food City & we were amazed! We buy lots of veggies & after seeing FC ad I really thought the veggies would be small & second rate but boy was I wrong! Huge beautiful tomatoes & onions for example.
This was my first Cirque show in Vegas.... and I enjoyed it very much!\nSeats were pretty awesome.  All I could think about was how this show was featured in the movie, \"Knocked Up\".  Hilarious.
I didn't get a chance to eat here but the mojitos were absolutely divine. they make their own rum in house and could easily be the elixir of the gods. worth the time, every time. highly recommend.
Thought about it. Still SUX!
Had a tire shred on us upon arriving at an RV park in Wickenburg.  Stotz came within 5 minutes and helped us out.  Driver very professional and friendly.
The food here is completely over priced for what you get. The whole insulting atmosphere is fun to a certain extent but only for a short period of time and probably more so when you are drinking which we weren't. This place should be a bar only and either get rid of the food or hire a new cook.
Don't order online - I place an order - was not only charged twice - after an hour and not receiving any food I called and they didnt even have an order in their system for me.  \n\nFirst and last time trying this place.
Great deals on parts. Searched the web for wheels for my bike, but couldn't find what i wanted for the price i could afford to pay. Called AZ Wholesale Bikes, they ordered them, i picked them up a week later. Thanks for the great service!!!
Loved this place!  We tried a few appetizers but all I remember are the lamb chops which are the best I've ever had.  The service was amazing.
Went to Go-Green because of the great reviews on here. Sure enough...it was worth it driving the extra miles to come here! Chris was extremely professional and helpful. You even get a free water while you wait for your smog test! In and out in 5 minutes!
If I could give this dentist no stars I would. She has no idea how to listen to patients. She is the worst dentist I've ever seen.
Had the chicken alfredo it was so very bland. No flavor at all. I will say however the clam chowder was great.
Had lunch here the other day. Service was attentive and it was good for a large group. All of the good was reasonable. Pretty normal fare but I thought the desserts were great. Would recommend the cheesecake!
This place is amazing. I've been told to come here by multiple people including friends from back home in Oregon. I love that not every burger is the same and they make it for you the way you want it. The fries they have there are also very good and this place is defiantly worth stopping by.
It's not horrible, but it's just not that great. Honestly, you'll get better flavor at Federico's.
Muy rico!! Is good food, good flavor and different. The service is good and very politte. Very good desserts!!!
I ADORE kid's consignment shops.  My sweet pea outgrows clothes constantly and with a new one on the way, it seems we need something weekly.  A decent selection here, not quite as upscale as Love Child, but it is closer to home.  Definitely a place to keep in my rotation.
Probably one of the worst places in las Vegas. Poor service, crappy drinks and food that tastes like it was made day before yesterday. And best part of all....u get to pay before u get your food!!!
It's in a \"relatively\" easy place to find. The wait times are usually super long. But it's the cheapest/best food you can probably find in Vegas. There's also a nice pool table outside, so if you come with friends, you can hang out for sometime.
Very knowledgeable staff with interesting and diverse inventory.
While it's still a decent deal if you're staying at the Ceasar's Properties, it's jumping the shark a bit. The price goes up every year, and some buffets now charge an additional fee.
Francesca has an amazing vision for all things skin. Pricing is competitive and she has great monthly specials as well.On top she's a total sweetheart!! I couldn't imagine going elsewhere.When i find something that works I stick with it. Love her!!!
Im not a huge fan of MGM. The players club associates have attitudes. The servers are rude. The same server asked me for my ID 3 times. They don't give you a bracelet like the Venetian to let other severs and security know your 21+
I understand this is inside the Bellagio, but $8 for a bud light, that is ridiculous.  This place was crowded and just seemed a little small.  The waitresses were a little rude.\n\nI expected more.
Best Mexican food I have had since ad the bean and cheese burrito and a cheese tostada.  Sooooo good.  Salsa was fresh and tasty.  Everything was hot and tasty.  We have now found our favorite Mexican restaurant.  Plus the owner was fantastic!!
The service is awesome. If your looking for a food-gasm you came to the right place!! #sogood
Good stuff great food awesome atmosphere love the restaurant I will be back. A must to if you're feeling up for dessert.
A 25.00 Olive Garden gift card just so happen to be missing out of my middle console after I got my car detailed here. I'm not saying they stole it, but I have yet to find it...\nI will not go here ever again.
It's been awhile since I've been here but thought it was still worth mentioning. The food was old and dry and my meal ended up being comped after la cucaracha\nmade its way across my table. I will never go back. Ever.
Had a great panini. Good bread and delicious ingredients. Service is on the lax side. Just because people step in the establishment to have a good cup of coffee and kick back doesn't mean the employees need to as well.
Loved it - spent a week last August. Got a free upgrade to a \"suite\" (read - Corner room) with a pool view. Marvelous service, the bathroom was bigger than my bedroom at home. Loved the restaurants as well (specifically, Noodles and Shintaro).
This, was really good.  We both got hamburgers with fries.  The buns are delicious really soft. They have a Groupon too. We didn't have one but I would eat there again if we came back.
I like their hazelnut coffee, nice outdoor seating, ample parking.
Helpful staff for the parts department. They do not seem to have much in the way of trailers, but that wasn't why we were here anyway. Prices were good, no complaints.
No complaints, we had attentive service.\n\nI wish they served bar food though.
Wait a minute!  We can write reviews on architectural designs/buildings?  This is going a little to far Yelp... A little too far.  If it doesn't have a bar, serves me food, or changes the oil in my car how can you rate an Objective piece of art?
Very great price, and great service.  The staff are so nice and make an effort to make your experience pleasant.   My friend and I really enjoyed our massages.  My only qualm is its a bit small and fills up fast on the weekend.  I recommend going there as early as possible.
Every time we need her she's there, courteous and get's the job done with no hassle.  Prices are very fair too!\n\nHighly recommend her!  Don't even think twice.\n\nLife is too short to waste at the DMV!
Great place!  Kids club was professional, clean and my kids had a terrific time.  Did not stay here, but had a terrific afternoon and would definitely look into spending a weekend.
Not the best but decent for a quick bit. Little pricey for the quality.
We went in August 21st at 0820hours. And I got out of there almost 10:30hours already. I'm driving a 2005 suzuki Verona.
At eagle's concert
Poor service, medicore food, won't be back.
Two words... Hairy sushi. \nGross, I will not be back
Excellent!  \n\nI was very surprised that the fried rice was like a meal itself.  There were actual slices of meat on top.  Wow.\n\nPlenty of food- had a ton of leftovers.
Great local watering hole.  Diverse crowd and always someone interesting to talk to.  Good food st bar but I've never eaten more than an appetizer because let's face it...  I'm there for s martini !!
Old style hole in the wall pizza joint with great food, great prices and great people!
Inexpensive Filipino food. I tried their chicken inasal, very tender and delicious, the beef pares is a little dry but still tasty, and their goto is a little spicy but not too much which I like. We'll visit again when we go back to Las Vegas.
Worst car rental experience ever. Arrived in Phoenix after booking a car 3 months earlier, I had a late flight, landed at 11:30\nand was told they had no cars on the lot. Do Not Book Here.
Closed by Health Department
Very good breakfast. Busy but didn't take long for table. Excellent corn beef hash!
Hubby and I tried this place on Friday.  We really enjoyed ourselves.  Good service, good food and reasonably priced.  Can't complain we will be back!
Sauce good, but minimal meat toppings on our pizza. Expensive drinks and beer.
Terrible store online pricing is wrong don't even want to honor any of there mistakes don't even want to help a fellow vaper
The property is nice but the staff is horrible. We cancelled our room immediately within the first day staying here.
very good. little over priced for pizza. but great food. dont order beer or wine. crazy over priced. go to the flamingo. But good overall.
Service was slow, food tasted average. I got the spicy chicken plate. Reason this is a 1, the food poisoning I enjoyed all night and into the next day.
Awesome experience!!   Both at the front end of the store on buying products and getting a shave itself.  Reyna helped me out front and Joe provided the shave.  Both are awesome.
This is for a certain type of crowd: college, too broke, and too high to care.
Bryan at Mac Service Experts is top notch.  He has repaired several items for our company.  Each repair has been extremely smooth.  Good communication, super fast.  Great guy to work with.
I love vegan type places but this one was wildly overpriced, even through eyes of someone who is ok paying more for high quality organic food. Just ok overall
Just joined this club last week. It has the nicest members, instructors and staff. I have never felt so welcomed at a club before. There are lots of amenities I don't use but the ones I do are great. I only go in the morning which hosts a slightly older crowd--just my type!!
Came here with a friend to watch the game and hang out for a bit.  It's in Plaza Midwood, so you can't really go wrong with that.  Drinks were good, bartender was cool, outside patio area was well heated (although they showed every game but the Panthers game).  All in all, not bad.
Nice, neighborhood place...wouldn't suggest people go out of their way to check it out, but good if you are in the neighborhood.
The food is good. I really like the unique menu and ordering system they have with the paper bags. It's definitely a worth while stop but quality and taste wise they aren't far off of what subway has to offer.. but their prices are quite a lot higher. It's a fun thing to try once.
The ribeye I ordered was tender, juicy, and tasty. I prefer it cooked at medium. But the one I got was a little bit over cooked. The restaurant ambiance was cozy. Our server was attentive and accessible.
After reading reviews we were expecting a great homemade Mexican meal. Didn't think the quality of food was that great, there were whole tomatoes in our salsa, the rice and beans were not very hot, and my que mas burrito tasted very bland. Won't be going back or recommending this place.
Nice hotel, excellent location but disappointing food. The staff was welcoming and really professional.
Nice to look at, but money not well spent. We breezed through the aquarium in under 45min and that was us really dragging our feet. Very crowded (even a line to get tickets and get in), nothing unique about the exhibits, and the shark tank wasn't that impressive. Use your $20 elsewhere.
The turkey, cranberry and stuffing sandwich is amazing.
Excellent, fast and professional! I highly recommend this company!
Wow....2 lunch items, 2 sodas + tip = $45!\nOuch... Service was good .... Pasta was ... Pasta....
The Rivers is a great spot downtown to play some slots or table games! They have non-smoking sections, a wide variety of machines, beverage service, great buffets with a ton of freshly made cuisines and free parking. Everything is incredibly clean, too! The machines are usually pretty tight but it's still fun to go!
Price is good. Food is great! BBQ ribs too fatty for my taste but really tasty. Been here twice and will be back for more. It is always packed! Gave it 4 stars because the wait is long to get a table at the eat all you can eat tables.
Pastries are always fresh and served with a smile. We go there at least once a week and I try to get something other than my chocolate almond croissant but just can't.  Everything from the pastries to the Peet's coffee is good there and their cookies are the best!
Okay food and not that great field
The bartenders were all on one side of the bar. It took over 15 minute's to get a drink. When a bartender did tell me that he would be with me in a second, it took a couple more minutes for the different bartender to take and fill my order. Won't be going back.
Just an amazing expericnce.  Food was amazing, service was amazing, view was amazing.  Probably one of the best dining expericnces I've ever had!
Stopped here for the first time last night and was very pleasantly surprised. I had the teriyaki bowl and edemame, both were great. Very nice staff. I'll definitely be a regular customer now.
Just went here for the first time tonight. I had a duck taco and a coffee braised beef taco and their homemade corn tortillas. Excellent food! I definitely look forward to going back to try some more items off the menu. Also, their margaritas are delicious!
Val Vista Vision is the best.  I've been going there for 20 years and I've followed them on the 3 times they've moved Dr. Cooley takes such good care and takes her time in explaining everything. This is a laid back family kind of a place where everyone is helpful and friendly.
Had breakfast here and found the quality of the food to be comparable to Denny's at prices that are nothing like Denny's.   A very disappointing dining experience.
Poor service, tables and seats dirty.
The servers were extremely friendly and accommodating! I'm a vegetarian and they were able to help me out a ton! Such a cute place, too. Love the decor!
Helpful employees, clean store and decent prices.  I was able to find what I needed very quickly.
They completely ripped me off. Said I used my sessions when I did not and could not prove it. I  They would not give me anyone to talk to beyond the office manager. Terrible company. I will be reporting to the better business bureau. was actually out of town on the dates in question.
Food was just okay. Definitely not worth their prices when there are so many other delicious options in the area.  Heard so many good things, but just didn't live up to the hype.
I tried the roast beast sandwich which was excellent. The Mac and cheese is great as well. Steven helped us choose the perfect beer for our tastes. Best beer list around!
Friendly and efficient. At 4:30pm they didn't have my specialized tire on hand, and even though it was too late to get it from the supplier they checked anyway. Next morning we were done in no time, and we could enjoy the rest of our visit to Madison before driving home. Top marks for service!
The worse Denny's I've been to very rude employees very filthy  never eat there again
Tragically, America Latina has permanently closed. A new family has taken over the space and there is a sign out that it is going to now be called El Burrito. Boohoo.
Had a good dinner here as part of my Buffet of Buffets deal. Salmon was moist and fresh. The best selection of cheeses, breads, and crackers. Seafood not very appealing due to presentation. Neat French-themed ambience.
First time being there an it was awesome.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  It's a simple but fun place. The karaoke rooms are small but it's cool because you share them with friends and not strangers.
Great sandwich, but it's no 'Wichcraft. This is a hearty, meaty grilled sandwich. Good, but just not breathtaking. That said, I ate here twice in five days: one dinner, one breakfast. It is one of the best under-15.00 meals in this part of the strip.
What an adorable dive! I love the kitschy bike-related decor...very artsy/steampunk/DIY. Nice cheap drinks and a good beer list. We tried the bacon cheese fries which were pretty darn good bar food. We will definitely be back for more!
The seats are ridiculous. I am 6'0\"and my boyfriend is 6'3\" and we barely fit.  This place needs to be redone for tall people.  It's not like humans are getting shorter?
Turkey was extra dry looked and tasted like turkey chew!!!! Sandwiches were not hot cheese was hard bad day for Capriotti's!!!
8 1/2 years of going to him and we had had enough of his verbal abuse.
Good coffee, nice walking street, good selection of teas and little gifty things, good pastries, *excellent* scones, and it's not that other green-logo'd coffee place.
Wow I can not believe the POOR service I received from John. This place is not worth your time it looks nice from the outside but that's it. If you want to pay for over priced Mexican than waste your money here if not go somewhere that is worth it.
Affordable & they do a great job!  Also like that I get a bit of a discount when I check-in.
Very solid option for Mexican food up-town Charlotte.  Lunch is very reasonably priced ($7.50 out the door for burrito, chips & salsa).  Good sized portions & really enjoyed the Carnitas burrito.  Multiple taco, salad & other mexican options available.
The cupcakes were ok. Not something I would go back and buy. The frosting was overly sweet  and in one of them the frosting tasting wrong. ...and the cupcakes seemed like they were made from box cake mix. Not going back
The carne asada fries weren't that good.  There tacos are good though
I don't know what it was but when I ordered and my food brought to me everything was good but as I continued with my meal I became more and more unimpressed, and kinda grossed out...the flavour just was not for me.
This location needs an update.  By that I mean they need to put in some of those self check out registers.  I was hoping to make a quick trip in here and be on my way, but that was a failure.\n\nAside from that, it was an OK experience with having just about everything I needed.
Classy little wine bar without the pretentious feel. Small menu items and pizza but kitchen closes at 10 on weekdays.  So far, I've tried the wine, but not the food.  I will be back.
Great tasting bubble tea options, super friendly staff  and right atmosphere for State St! Highly suggest!
This is a great zoo!  For the size of Madison I'm surprised they have so many animals.  The best part is its free and very open!
Ehhhh the food was expensive and not very good. I hoped for better and have had better.
Always delicious always on point staff. I have been at this location the most (other ones a couple times each).\n\nIngredients to a nice relaxing atmosphere is what nicks is all about. Thanks Nicks, and evviva!
Love this place !!! Best specials all week long!!! Great food and a fun place to hangout !!!
Great tasting pizza and fettuccine Alfredo. Had the combination pizza and it was one of the best thin crust I have had. My wife was very pleased with the tender and tasty noodles. Great creamy taste of the sauce. Will be back for more. We did take out and had great service.
Nice array of goods, not so great on customer service by the cashier, they make you bag your own goods... Whaaa?
Vegetarians can usually get a good meal at Middle Eastern restaruants.  Not at ZKB.  The hummus and falafel were just awful.
Best pozole in town! I go every chance I get. Everyone is extremely hospitable and The chips and salsa are great.
Great location in Old Town Scottsdale. Room was only $89 on Memorial Day weekend for a suite. They don't have room service, but they have a food menu: you call in your order. When it's ready, the call your room, and you go down and pick it up. The food was good!
Delicious pizza, reasonable prices, nice ambiance and decent service. Enough said.
I've been here a few times - the tea is delish and we ordered the green onion pancake, Mongolian beef, Mixed vegies, Chicken fried rice and Crispy beef. Recommend them all!
Best Pho I've had! Fresh ingredients and broth and noodles just right.  Staff is very friendly and food comes out fast.
Very informative, great prices, very thoughtful and friendly. Before you get ripped-off for a new violin visit this place.\nI am saving my money for when is time to upgrade my 10 year-old violin's, will definitively buy one there.
Too small a place for the 18.00 fee!\nKids were not happy to visit this place.\nI would not visit again unless improvements\nAre made.
Fantastic yummy food and polite ppl!:)
Ate here several times and the only decent food is the rice. The service is good and the margaritas are good, but everything else sucks. If you are looking for good mexican food, this shouldn't be your choice!
This is a smaller location but they always have what I need. The staff is friendly in the paint section. This place has provided me with many things over the years and past four homes.
Love Paletas Betty!! Great location & unique flavors. My favorite are the limon, and the mango con chile. My dog loves the perroleta. Stop by and support this local business!!
Fantastic!  Finally, a takeout downtown with really good food that's also good for you!  I hope they start selling their bread soon, too!  This will be my go to place from now on.
No witty comments this time. The Cajun burger was Cajun for the andoille sausage & burnt taste - it was over cooked & dry. The buffalo chicken wings we're crunchy, sour & no heat. Over all skip this place unless you're starved after gambling.
Tequila selection isn't what it used to be, and the menu has a lot of inaccuracies (sorry sir, we don't have that tequila anymore either).  Food was alright but service was a chore, and it wasn't very busy either.
This place is great. I ordered a slice of cheese pizza and the cost was very reasonable. The size was huge. But most importantly, the taste was fantastic. I'm from Brooklyn, NY and this pizza is as close to what I remember as pizza gets. The service is good, and the employees were courteous.
Clean establishment, waiting area includes sofa, television w/remote, massage chair. Good prices, staff is friendly, honest and helpful.
Awesome restaurant. The  gin greyhound is to die for!! Happy hour could be the best prices in Phoenix. The wait staff is equally awesome! Defiantly will be coming back!
Called in my Wings order. Picked it up at the bar right away. Everything was perfect. Love their Wings!
Nathanial was so super sweet. He carded me and recognized that my birthday was coming up.  He made great small talk while checking me out and called me by name when I left. What a great experience.
Great food and excellent service!
Great family care physicians.  New offices too!
Ffffabulous Ramen! Was not expected to find an authentic japanese bistro there. I ate Ramen to die for!!! So good, so tasty with subtle flavor only found in Japan. This place is incredible!! Amazing menu created by chef Fujise san.
The staff is very friendly. Service is good. Food is also very good. For guys, sitting and being able to watch ESPN on with flat screen is an added plus! :-)
It was really cheap, but just didn't do anything for me when I got the pizza sandwich on a pretzel, of course. Maybe I'll go back and get their regular pretzels.
Awesome little shop.  Friendly and enthusiastic staff.  A bit packed but the line moves quickly if you know what you want :)
Free is free. With tons of seating but only a few entrees to choose from, this place is worth a try if you're hungry.
Over priced mediocre pizza. One size pizza (skimped on the cheese) and a medium drink was around $18. ??? A lack of dining space makes it less attractive. Yeah I know it's a terminal but still disappointed.
Food is ok... well, the crab cakes were great... but the rest was just  ok especially for a celebrity chef destination.  Their best is feature is their wine list... very comprehensive and the prices were not too outrageous. I will go back if I get a hankering for those crab cakes.
I know that this is an institution but it really isn't worth the price. I think if I were drunk at 3:00am though, then I would be writing otherwise.\n\nDon't bother unless you're drunk. Go for the hot dog.
Food was okay, but horrible service! Our waitress barely came around & gave us attitude when we were ordering. I think Tawny was her name?
Nothings changed here. Walked up to order breakfast, and the \"manager\" and crew members just ignored me. Guess why? They were discussing how to increase sales! Priceless.
I like Mexican food, so I would search for it from time to time. This is a eatery kind of place. Their Beef Enchilada is very good. However, i like Qdoba much more.
Another great In-N-Out Burger with pleasant employees and great food.\n\nYou can't go wrong.
Ambience great. Coffee ok. Service below par. That's me in there now 3 times this past week and not a smile or hello from anyone working there. One more try and then I'm moving on if no change...
Has the potential to be awesome, but unfortunately extremely disappointing.  Bartenders were awful, not nice, and had no idea what they were doing. Medium rare burger came out well done, with cold fries. It wasn't even busy in there and the whole staff looked flustered. Will not be returning.
Still some great food but the proportions are getting smaller. They seem to be giving less esp on the meat.
Good service....room was unique...neighbors next door partied til 6am...security n front desk did everything they could! Lounge is always a fun time...want to try Rumors next!!!
Great service and they will never pressure you to do more than you can. They always have the customers best interest in mind. Great guys working there as well.
The scones are good and the view is really beautiful up there. But I think other deserts are not as good as the rate shows
I like Michael Jackson but I wouldn't exactly call myself a fan. This performance was pretty good but I enjoyed \"O\" and \"La Reve\" at the Bellagio a little bit more. There isn't as much acrobatics but the music is better here which is to be expected from the title.
After all the great reviews I thought the food would be great.  It wasn't.  We both ordered the ribs ith different side orders ( fries, beans...etc)  The food is greasy,   It thrown on a paper plate and served in a sloppy fast food style.  We left without eating our plates.
Good food, good service n good prices. :-)
Food is served cold.\nSlowest freaking service in the world. Took 20 minutes to pay.\n\nAlso, how hard is it to make a latte?!
Very well organized to get you in and out. Ingenious way to keep you coming , they give you $1 off coupons and when you come to refill , they let you know they recycle and to keep the coupon and keep coming back. staff is very friendly , they pretty much serve any alcohol you want :)
Food is ok.  Alcohol is way more expensive than The Chip.   The quality has crashed.  They put on a good show though - a few weeks ago we got to see one doorman toss his coworker across the bar.  They were fighting over who got to toss some guy out.  What a bunch of clowns!
They did a great job, the guy that came out was very nice and knew his stuff. We love the work they did, and have recommended them several times.
\"Meh\"\n\n\n+1
Service by Trish was awesome. The seafood stew awesome. The sheppards pie, HORRIBLE!  How does an Irish restaurant screw up sheppards pie? .In all fairness though, the Irish have never been known for thier cooking.
Good food. Clean environment.
Their new location in Henderson seems to be constantly packed, no matter what time of day. The breakfast was good, but nothing special. However, I didn't order the red velvet pancakes, so I may need to give them another shot and go back to try what they are famous for.
No interest in helping current customers.   It's all about the sale or upgrade.   Well guess what, I pay 200 a month for my two phones and tablets.   You will lose that business in two months when contact is up.  Oh and I am adding two more business lines, opps.
Staff wasn't friendly...\nCafe was really dirty...\nWas not welcoming.
Good food but a little pricey for what you really get.
This is our go-to boba place in vegas. The boba is not too chewy and not too soft. The milk tea always tastes right and not too sweet. The only issue is that they close way too early on week days!
It such a pleasure to be able to work with Tom Speaks.  I agree with everyone else who has given Tom five stars. Tom goes beyond the call for his customers.  He is all about integrity and excellence.
Yep, this place has your standard breakfast fare. I had the huevos rancheros (so-so) and a bit of the veggie omelette (pretty \"standard issue\"-- not bad). I wouldn't say there's anything to write home about here.
Service was the only issue....food was so on! Must get gyoza and mango-taco dessert!!
Thoroughly enjoyable experience! Had my colour done by Audr\u00e9e & a cut with Clara and couldn't have asked for better service. Absolutely love the results too
If you are a huge music fan, this is the place to stay and gamble!  I really like the vibe and atmosphere.  This is more of a younger crowds hang out, but I do love gaming action, restaurants and the fact that it is away from the strip.
Four flights on US Airways in the last three days and not a single one left or arrived on time.
I've given Mermaid quite a few chances.  I have never been pleased with the work.\n\nThe outside of the car is always dripping; the interior glass/dash was smeared and looked worse than when I went in.  I make the extra drive down to Octopus.
Ehhh, I was not impressed. The price for my bowl of noodles was almost ten dollars. The lady at the drive thru was a rude ass who obviously does not enjoy her job. The taste was ok but I did not get my moneys worth at all! Never going back!
Outstanding thin crust white pizza.  The crust was perfect and chewy and there was a nice amount of garlic on the pizza.  Also tried the square pizza -  I love how they caramelized the bottom so it was buttery and crispy.  The place gets really packed.  I would suggest going for lunch or a late lunch (before 5pm).
Sushi is OK, but the atmosphere and Happy Hour are worth coming back for.
The commitment to customer satisfaction and great products are immediately felt when you enter the shop.  This crew is dedicated to their store and to madison.  We are lucky to have such a professional and tasty option in madison.
+++ This business has closed +++\n\nJohnny Rockets is replacing JR Burger Grill at this location (Aug 23, 2013)
Was not really here long enough to write a full review...but from what i did experience...music was good. Drinks were good.  Small. Very dark inside. Staff was friendly.  I would not mind coming back, staying longer and hoping to get a \"1 of a kind\" club experience.
Sub par service and not the most inviting crowd. Let's just say the beers are 3 bucks and they aren't worth the money....
What a treat to come across this giant party around the Capitol.  Tons of stuff to buy and eat.  A must if you are ever in The area
I really like this place. Good food and customer service and a fun atmosphere when the Ravens play during football season. The blue crabs are excellent and I also recommend the garlic cooked half crab and the boardwalk fries.
Food is always good at the Maple Leaf
Way too many breeder bitches clogging the place up on Saturday nights all dressed up like bimbos. More vaginas than hot men dancing shirtless. It's turning into a straight bar. I stand a better chance of finding a C**k to suck at Dos Gringos.
Lots O'fun
Havent been here..YET. just wanted to add it. I did eat some of their sushi while at a picnic...and it was good. I'll go in there, and update this review soon.
We had reservations but waited a long time. I hated my meal. Nothing was good about it. The waiter was unfriendly. I really couldn't wait to leave. It was overpriced for the sliver of fish I got. Unfortunately I had to give it 1 star to be able to post a review
Best all you can eat steakhouse! Our server the night we went (Max) was so attentive and sweet. Can't wait to go back when I visit Vegas again. Definitely recommending to all friends and family.
Great atmosphere, good food, excellent service. The wait staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.  The menu has some unique items and is vegetarian friendly. The rotating beer selection is awesome.
This place is the worst place i have ever ordered food from in my life.
Tried the pizza crepe. Absolutely amazing. Wife had the Nutella banana crepe. Two thumbs up there too. \n\nThe place looks like a hold in the wall to me. But the food is amazing. Def would recommend to friends.
As far as LVAC locations this is definitely one of the worst. There is only a co-ed sauna/steam & spa area, there are fewer classes & less equipment. Could use some improvement but considering it's proximity to the rainbow lake mead location I would just go there.
Nothing Great about this location! Don't bother to tell them what kind of cut You want. They will argue with You, & tell you it's the cut you asked for. Terrible customer service! Less than 1 star if that's possible.
What a great show!  He is funny and his \"cast\" is extremely entertaining!
Great little Mexican fast food restaurant with fresh ingredients and large portions for a small price. Will be back!
Service sucked and was incredibly slow.  We sat for 15 minutes at the bar before we were even acknowledged.  Shakes were pretty good with delicious whipped cream but I wouldn't go back simply because of the service.
Did a lot of work around the house above and beyond a normal service call. Didn't pressure and even recommended against not starting monthly service. Showed me a lot of areas around the house that I could improve myself and where roaches may be coming in.
Service here is horrible. They didn't page us for a table. I watched our server B.S. with another table while we were ignored for 15 minutes. I can't comment on the food because after a half hour, our sandwiches just arrived.
So this place has a free shuttle?  Well we scheduled our shuttle, and they much rather pic up someone at the airport than give someone A ride who has two rooms vs one, from the airport!    Ill never be back here and ill let everyone I know to ignore this place!  Being on your game is awesome!  Way to go!
LOVE the Crazy Cranberry!  The shop is always clean and I'm greeted with a smile.  Someday I intend to try another flavor, but for now it's Crazy Cranberry all the way.
Friendly hostess who also brought our food. I think the food was okay for the price we paid but the coffee was excellent nice and strong unlike American coffee! Probably will give it another try soon.
Coffee isn't bad, but not as good as I hoped. I haven't tried to hang there and work, but will next time soon...
The service is very friendly. You'd think coming in at midnight people might be grumpy, but the service was very nice! Cute little spot with yummy options :)
Love this place! Best zipparitas and wings! Love coming here with my boyfriend and friends to watch games. This place is huge and TVs are everywhere!
Cute little campus coffee shop that is known for their waffles. I got the pumpkin pie latte. It was average. The workers their are nice and eclectic.
If you like ramen noodles, you will like theirs. If you love a good bowl of ramen, this won't be on your list of favorite bowls ever, but its plenty good. The noodle bowls are enormous, but some seem a bit light on toppings. I had the miso broth and enjoyed it a lot.
Jet luxury is a horrible company to deal with. The buy up the worst rooms in hotels and then remarket them. By booking through them you get second tier status and the reason that you stay in nice hotel is flushed. I have been waiting for 4 hours to get into my room and no end in sight. Avoid jet luxury resorts!
Haven't smoked hookah in a long time. Close to home and had good reviews. Was not disappointed.  Owners where very helpful and tentative. Place is relaxing and they had a duo singing and people reading poetry. Great experience . As per their menu, every night has a different theme and they even have karaoke night. Will definitely come back
This place really needs to work on their service. Hiring cashiers is one thing, training them to give good service makes a business so much better. I'm pretty sure this place's management doesn't really care about customers, more focused on loss prevention and keeping the store running.
food is good and plentiful BUT the service is terrible. the employees seem to hide behind the counter which is hidden from the dining room. they drop the food at the table never to be seen again. so if u want drink refills or sauces or to go boxes or even the check you have to hunt them down.
You can choice from 2 different styles of pizza - Roman or Naples. Go for one of each! This is not your pepperoni pizza place, so go in with an open mind and try something new - you won't be disappointed. Nice wine selection, relaxed location, and really friendly service. Nothing but good things to say about this place!
Hey earl of sandwich,\n\nYou can be my breadwinner every day of the week.
The worst chinese Japanese food ever!!! Waitress rude from China and refused to speak Chinese! Noodle are not fresh and price for ramen is outrageous! Almost forgot dim sum price - get your platinum card out!
Great selection of craft beers and even some craft beer cocktails.  37ish big screen tv's and gaming.  All the bartenders are cicerone server certified.
There for dinner, I won't say where. Just that my experience was horrible from the point I stepped into the hotel. Then I come to find out it's non-union, the only major hotel on the strip.\n\nThe owner is a scummy guy, stay away from this place.
I don't like this place but I don't hate it.  Riding the escalator we heard music that sounded like something that would be playing upon entering hell.  We played a few Midway games and won a stuffed animal that we through out because we felt it would give our child a disease.
Crouse's beer distributor is a good, convenient place to pick up a case. The prices are affordable and the staff are friendly and helpful. The selection is also pretty decent.
Marcy and Diana are the best! My eyebrows always look perfect when I go here! Best eyebrow threading place, and very reasonably priced.
So busy tonight there was standing room only! And the NFL game wasn't even AZ .  Place seemed fun. Staff looked busy but calm.\nI'll try ya again but arrive earlier, i don't care to stand.
Good burgers! Don't typically like chain places but this place is reliable! Been at least 5 times! Staff is friendly and nice beers! Quinoa side is overpriced for portion. Would give 5 stars, but nothing is completely out of this world here... I do recommend people to go here though!
Place is a joke. Screwed up drive-thru order, food is disgusting, hard, dry. Wont answer phone. Calling MasterCard to do a chargeback.
I like this place but it is really nothing special. Everything I have had was good but not great. The 4th star was for price. It is reasonable for what you get. \n\nI like the hummus trio and the chicken gyro.
The only vape shop in Las Vegas were I buy my vaping supplies. The staff is very helpful and they have a wide selection of juice. You should stop by and see for yourself.
great was in there today and they ordered a item onsale and got it on the truck within a week for me and there great guys i love that store
Rude staff, messy place, dirty floors, but it gets the job done and is very convenient!
went on a Monday night 6-16-10. Was greeted by a friendly and helpful hostess. She introduced my group of 4 to Downtown's signature drinks made by the in house mixologists. The drinks were fresh, tasty and worth the ($9 to $10) each. The drinks were unique, definitely one of a kind.
pretty cool place. was in and out pretty quick. Customer service was okay. I got my oil changed and was out of there and thats good enough for me,lol
Convenient, and clean some things are more pricey than other stores.
It's OK if you enjoy a salty chemical taste in your mouth for the rest of the day, they don't smoke their meat in house like Schwartz's, Smoked Meat Pete or Delibees.  It's industrial mushy smoked meat, go to the places mentioned above.
After seeing it 20 times, it losses its Umph! But still cool to stop and watch. Short but entertaining.
I love the area with all the animals! This a must-see when in Vegas. I love the koi and the flamingos. Just beautiful! It is great to see a hotel that has their namesake!
So Glad they were open late !! Yum
This place is always maintained and very clean, I will continue to keep coming here for my washing needs. Also the prices are reasonable for the area.
Good food, great atmosphere, wonderful employees and live music. Offers more than your run of the mill coffee shop. Not to mention a fantastic beer selection!
I own rental properties in central phoenix and Gabe fixed 2 issues quickly and for the right price.  I highly recommend his services.
2 stars decent rolls but other than that very understaffed it took like 35 min for 3 rolls to come out!
This used to be the spot to come too for some down home Italian food...maybe it's been an off 2 last visits.  I do a lot of takeout as well as dine in and have to say that lately the food has been getting blander.  Maybe they should work on keeping their reputation than overfilling their seats.
Not really good Italian food but it's a great place to pick up a date if your 80 years old.
Pretty standard bar, not enough seating to relax.
We visited today for the first time and the food was very good. The Thai chicken wontons were fabulous. I had the turkey burger which was also very good. Others had salads and sandwiches and everyone was pleased.
I am glad they have a gym I can use before I go to the airport. This gym has everything you need for a heavy workout.  It was easy to get to the car rental return as this is away from the strip but has a street that goes directly to the airport.
Really like this place- good food, nice employees, and fast delivery! We have dined in several times and it's nothing fancy, but our waitress was super nice and we have had only good experiences here
I really like this place and have been there about 5 times now. I love the fact that you get free chips with 2 salsas & bean dip when you arrive. I typically order vegetarian dishes so I can't comment on the meat dishes. I have thoroughly enjoyed their cheese enchiladas and their rice & beans get 10 stars!
Hotel is not well kept. Dirty and smells smoky all throughout. Even in the rooms. Had to ask to be moved. Also, I think if you book through a third party service like orbitz, you will likely get placed in the worst room location. I get the feeling they reserve the better rooms for users booking directly.
Please don't think this is the same as 27th and Cactus.  They told us it was the same but is it not even close..  if your looking for the taste of Cactus location do not eat here.
Excellent Service, food is good.
was not sure what to expect...but, it was fantastic. Some great choices and fresh ingredients.
I think this is a good simple straight to the point that place.  Nothing fancy or grand,  but it's one place I love being at with friends and clients alike.\n\nThe pad is good and possibly spicy just right.
Very tasty.  Veggies perfectly cooked with the chicken dishes we had.  Excellent service.  Waitresses always around to see if you need anything.  We really liked the American Kung Pao.  Spicy.  They also serve it Chinese style which we have yet not tried.
Worst Starbucks staff hands down. Waited 15 minutes for a drip coffee while staff stood around, laughed and chatted. When I asked if the coffee was ready, I was told, \"you need to wait\". This is uncharacteristic of Starbucks and I'm surprised to have this bad an experience.
Great experience. Fredie G. is always so helpful with both my husbands & my car. He always tries to get us the best deal with our major fixes. This is our go-to spot. So much so, we even opened a Firestone Credit Card! Thank you Fredie for your exceptional customer service. ~ Tricia & Tony
Local chinese food, fit for a king.\nFood portions are huge, for little money.\n\nLove this place.
Hummus and salads are poor and super-salty versions of the real thing to be found at Akhavan! The lines for prepared foods are long and slow; and worthwhile only for the great grilled chicken.\n\nDespite the name on the sign, this is, after all, a Metro store!
Delicious food....fresh....fresh...   Resonably priced.  Don't forget your punch card
Poeple invest in a camera snap on bottom. Dealing with the police. Get those mini tape recorders. Protect your self...amazon sells them. Humans will lie but video and voice recording tells it all.
Good service overall, but the staff is typical of many modern American company's... They think that they can cut costs by hiring untrained staff...thinking they will learn OJT.
For the price, you can't beat Mi Patio. Grab a pitcher of margaritas with a friend and munch on their amazing chips and salsa while you wait for 2 chicken tacos with rice and beans.
I like US Airways because they simply fly where I go.
If i can give 1 star ill doit worst costumer service i spoke to some asiya banker she has a \"f\" attitude and poor communication  on english... sorry if u have to work on Christmas eve or get a new job please
I had a really good experience here.  I went in on a Saturday with 2 of my friends and we got pedicures.  The service was as expected and we'd happily go back.
Love love this place. i will definetly reccomed it to friends and family.\nChef paco did a good job of making everyones tummy happy!\n :) :)
Terrible late night happy hour. Food sucked prices
They have a salsa bar which many selections as well as a great selection of tequilas. Their happy hour isn't bad, some good deals on house margaritas and Mexican beers. I always get the three taco plate with 1shrimp, 1carnitas and 1chicken-they are delish!!
Best price ive found for a high quality water softner. Really great service as well.
Gluten Free Creations just bought Lulu's so the cafe will now be entirely wheat and gluten free! Will post an update as soon as the new place is open.
Had lunch here with the hubs, and it was delicious. He got an enormous club sandwich and I had the shrimp wrap, every thing was delicious. The service was great and with our restaurant.com voucher, everything only came to $13.
Doesn't even deserves a star. Worst customer service. Sat down down for over 5 mins and no one bothered to ask if I wanted some bread or anything. I had to stand up to find a server more interested in my money than providing a decent service. First and very last time. Rubbish grill
Way to expensive for what you get. Glad I bought a groupon for this place. The food is way to much for what you get. The atmosphere was alright but nothing to write home to mom about.
Don't go to this place\nNot even one item is edible\nVery bad service\nExcept water nothing tasted good\nWaste of money
Was walking around Old Town and came across the taco shop. What a gem of a find it was. The tacos are everything you think of when eating a street taco even though it's in a restaurant setting. The patio is wonderful to boot.
Decent value, older style room with no extras.  Bed and bathroom were good.  The pool was nice (two of them one was a wave pool)  I like the river channel concept. Would stay again if the hotel was part of a package.
I thought New Mexico had some of the scariest and ghetto-est Walmarts around but I was wrong this place takes the cake.
This Einsteins is the worst!  Poorly managed. Not enough help.  I feel unfortunate to have them in my travel path and need a cup of coffee.  You will wait forever. Dont go to this one if you are in a hurry!
Great food. I enjoyed the lamb and chicken the most. Try something new there I think the experimenting with new flavors will be very rewarding
Veg burrito was ok, needed more cheese and flavor. Service was meh. Don't expect them to get your order right if you want it different than what's on the menu. I.E. no guac etc. I had higher hopes. :(
This place is excellent. I really enjoyed the minted peas and different types of hummus. The food is always very fresh and the staff is really friendly. Definitely try this place out.
Great staff. Clean facility. Fast and super price. I loved how my brows turned out, and the technician was gentle and I experienced minimal pain in comparison to trips to other facilities. \n\nI'll definitely be making this place my regular stop.
Saw the waffle ice cream cone on the window and rolled in on impulse.  FAIR WARNING:  don't get it.  It's like they poured a milk shake into a cone.  Unhappy camper :/
I was recently notified by a management member that he was truly sorry about the first mishap, nice to see someone is keeping tabs on their business first hand especially in this economic climate when bad critisizm can cost you lots of business. Ill give it another whirl and see what becomes of it.
2.5, just not enough to give it three. \n\nFood was just OK and they ran out of ahi tuna by 9pm! \n\nThey have happy hour all night (pretty good specials too) but they close SO early (10pm last call on Sunday)!
Love this place. Food is always fresh and hot and service awesome for a fast food restaurant.  LOVE the thin fries.
They have great gas prices! Especially for being the last gas station or the first gas station before heading on to the freeways, before heading in or out of Vegas :)
I am from New York. I was born in Brooklyn. My first word was Bagel. This place is fantastic. The staff is super kind and attentive. It would stack up against several places I love back home. \nIf you are on a road trip and need breakfast, stop here.
Food came out way too quick for the price that cost. That probably explains why it tasted like last nights warmed up leftovers.
I am not sure what everyone sees in this place. First of all it's very stuffy feeling Italian restaurant and the food was not as great as I expected nor was service. Capos is far better for quality of food, taste, for service and for price. This was a let down!
I can't speak about the food, only the bar.  We had a blast here! The patrons and staff were friendly and the layout of the place makes for easy conversation.  It can get a little crammed if a crowd shows up, but nothing unbearable.
The house special is awesome! I keep saying I will try something else but I never get around to it because the house special is so good. Prosciutto ham lots of veggies on great bread.
Got my phone repaired here and was stoked with the price. About a month later (after the warranty expired) I dropped my phone on my bed and the screen shattered. Tape sticking out all over. Just didn't look as professional as I thought.
The food is delicious. 5 stars\nThey have pictures of their different menu items: 5 stars\nThe service is OK. 3 stars\nThe atmosphere seems dirty (and dirty tables don't get cleaned right away) 0 stars
Awesome as usual.  Delivery was right on time, both the order taker were pleasent and professional, and the pizza has always and seams to continue to rock.
Great services Pete . We need to know what nights Pete works so we can come back for the great services.
This is the best pizza I have found in Az. I have eaten at a couple locations and they were both excellent.  The pesto pizza is one of my favorites and I like to try the specials they have. If you like a crisp thin crust pizza, you will love this place!
This store is run by the same people that ran Hannoush Jewelers at Chandler Fashion Center mall.  I wont give them a dime of my money.  Yeah, I am still bitter about the 700 dollars I was not refunded from their now closed store.
I go to four peaks over other restaurants all the time. The main reason is because you know your going to get amazing food along w/ delicious ice cold beer every time.
Although this store has great employees, it is in desperate need of a makeover.  It is absolutely ghetto inside.  I don't think they've redone the store since the early 90s.  It's an embarrassment on Walnut.
Good food, good service. We ordered 2 chicken sandwiches, one grilled and one crispy. They came to us as ordered in a timely fashion even though they were a bit busy. They were quite tasty and juicy! Staff was friendly as well.
Art meets champagne = awesomeness. Really enjoyed this venue, super friendly staff and conversation starters line the walls. Very trendy-atmosphere but I didn't feel that it was uncomfortably so. I will definitely go back!
Just reviewing the cupcakes...I forgot I had these cupcakes for an event at work. I suppose they weren't very memorable. The flavors were vanilla and chocolate combinations. I need to visit their actual shop and sample some more creative flavors as well as their menu.
Completely outdated, old hotel. Very noisy. I've been at four Marriott hotels this week (travel for work) and this is by far the worst. It's very close to airport, which equals NOISY!! Pillows are all flat and my a/c wouldn't stay on.
Such a comfy spot. Barista are very welcoming and very talented. Baked goods are heaven.
Great show for the kids.  Get in line about 1 hour early. No need for Premium seating as all seats are good enough.
This place has a nice selection of draft beers. The pizza crust is very good and the homemade pasta's are quite tasty.
Amy did an amazing job.  She is the only person I would trust with perfecting the blond tone. I strongly recommend coming here and to her! Thanks Amy !!
Great food. Great service. Good prices. What else is there to say? Primanti Brothers is a Pittsburgh institution and my experience certainly lived up to the hype.
Terrible service for a place that is priced so high. The good was decent but nothing to get too excited about. I was also annoyed that they would not split our checks.overall I would not recommend.
Decent Irish pub, great staff
Nice patio with white lights strung overhead.  Nice hostess and waiter, andres, was great.  Mexican food is our favorite, but the flavor was lacking.  Actually had to ask for some salt from the hostess for my Mahi mahi tacos.
Haven't stayed over-nite - yet.\nGrounds are gorgeous\nDrinks at the the bar posh (along with prices obviosuly)\nspa is very professional, massage was nice\nconvienent area to shops, dinning, everything.
Really enjoyed this place.  Every dish was carefully prepared and excellent.  Lamb was my favorite but tartar was amazing as was the dim sum.  Had a 2010 Chapellet though the wine list had many great options and was carefully curated.  Good service and the music choice created a nice atmosphere for a relaxing and artfully prepared dinner
I do admit the clothes here are not exactly at the quality that I want, but if you do stop by frequently you can spot some really nice items. And the guy who works there is super nice so make sure you get to know him! He can help you a lot.
Fantastic! Had the Pig, Pork, Cow burger. It was so tasty. Ivan was wonderful. He makes a great Bloody Mary!
24 hour urgent care, I have taken my toddler here when all the Pediatric offices were closed, call ahead and make sure they have a pediatrician on site, or ask when one will be coming on shift, they take my sons insurance and the wait was not bad at all! Very pleased with this office
Costa vida can be good the problem is that it's not constantly good. Also the pricing is confusing and if you ask the employes (ex. Does a side of sour cream cost anything?) all of them will give you a different answer. I like the pork but a lot of the time it is hardly shredded at all.
I really enjoyed this place.  It has outstanding customer service and a very appealing atmosphere including lots of leather furniture.  Great ventilation with all the cigar smoking.  The only thing this place was missing was TV which I experience at other cigar lounges.   Overall, me and wife was very satisfied and would go again.
A terrible company.. Went to get business cards for my new small business..talked to Travis the graphic designer about what I wanted and he seemed like he was happy to help but now a month later and after multiple calls I have heard no response..should change their name from Never Late to Never Received
Its a hidden cafe in the middle of the Lou Ruvo Center of brain health.  The exterior of the building is strange and unusual.  The food is grand , vegan, vegetarian, and meaty options.  Only two people work inside but I received excellent service.
This is the worst company to deal with. I have a rental property in Las Vegas and they manage it. If I could rate no stars i would. They constantly change there billing address so that they can charge you late fees and the fees are so inflated i don't know how the government doesn't close them down.
Man this place reminds me Ie le de cuca (brazilian place that burned down few years ago).. Kinda like u r down in Cuba or Mexico.. Awesome owner + awesome good + super cheap... Go u will love it
Everyone raves about the adobo fried rice, so that's what i tried. it wasn't busy when i got here and the food was a bit too oily for my taste and it wasn't as good as imagined it to be.
Terrible service. Waited 30 min for waters then waited another 30 for a simple ceasar salad meanwhile while being ignored by my waitress to ask for silverware. Got up left and went to the cortez room where service is great. Skip this place.
My favorite place :)
Very good food, however it is spendy. There is a deal for Veterans though right now, take your DD214 or something that says you are a Vet and they will give you 50% off.
Barbeque Sliders Emeril La Gasse new restaurant represents Shrimp Etoufee Awesome
This place is neither here nor there. It is McDonalds. You get what you get. I usually don't have many problems with them. I set the bar low.\n\nIts good food when I don't need to be impressed :)
Pizza is good...we've ordered lasagna for take out too before and its good. Friendly service.
Nice clean location, friendly staff. \nTwo stars because they have, and I have let them, forget my ice cream cone twice.
They make the best gingerbread latte! I always receive great service!
Overpriced, mediocre food, uninformed and disinterested service. Will not return.
Very cozy with a great atmosphere. The food is spectacular, especially when compared to the other Italian options in the area. Chicken Marsala and Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo are some of our favorites. If you are looking to enjoy a nice Italian meal, you will not be disappointed. The only opportunity for improvement is with the small parking lot.
I don't think I've had service this slow at any burger place! Ten minutes to even get our drink order. Thirty minutes in and still no food.
overcrowded. overrated.
...this is a really freaking nice Target, and right down the street.  Good grocery/produce section, standard Target quality items otherwise, shining floors and smiling employees.  Who knew?
Nice open place, large selection of drinks and food.
This place has the best oxtail soup I have ever tasted.  No other place or person can make oxtail soup this tasty!  Try it and you won't regret it.
Unique experience but don't get suckered into the ride at night and then T Bone dinner at a cabin in the desert. The cabin is a restaurant behind a neighborhood that is ok but not worth the $50 you will spend for two people.
DO NOT go here! The lines are ridiculous. Platinum members have no wait at all so everyone else waits 2 hrs. The line completely stops moving if a platinum member gets in their special line. Fucking ridiculous. The 2 hr wait does not even cover the long ass walk to the back of the hotel to the buffet.
Never again!!!!  The worst customer service and communication I've ever experienced. They should all be fired and start fresh or I can guarantee this location will be gone in less than a year. HORRIBLE!!
Z's has by far the best chicken pita I have ever had.  They are very generous with their serving sizes.  \n\nAlong with their great food. The staff is super friendly.  My time at Z's always leaves a smile on my face and a happy tummy.
Great food and very knowledgeable waiter. We are new to sushi and he made fantastic recommendations which were wonderful! Definitely coming back for more. Casual atmosphere and clean. I would definitely recommend.
Just as good as you would expect. If you're in Vegas, you have to pay the Wockeez a visit!
Unfortunately, I have to agree with other yelpers; the service is awful! I spoke with the owner who was impatient, rude and unhelpful. Don't plan on returning here.
This is a fun thing to do with kids.  The staff are really helpful and friendly.  The supplies are everything I could imagine needing.
Clean restaurant.  Fast service.  Good breakfast.\n\nI only had the oatmeal but it was good and cheap.  The iced tea was fresh.\n\nMy friend had bacon (looked thick and perfectly cooked), eggs and hashbrowns.\n\nI recommend!
This place was ok.  The food wasn't anymore expensive than any of the other places.  That's about the most I can say about it.\n\nIt had a very pretty indoor seating area, but the wait staff was less than competent.\n\nSee Moira R.'s review to come.
Food? What food?\n\nThis is a good place to relax and have a drink, or nine. Its just a tavern. A Central Wisconsin tavern. Its not fancy. The bar tenders are friendly, the drinks are strong, what else can one want?
used to be my fave, but eh. They change owners a lot. Still I like the Mike's Mardis Gras and the Todd Roll. Tuna handroll, yum yum\n\nB used to make an awesome poke salad, but I haven't seen him there in a while.
The best thing about this place is it's view. Others are meh. Strip steak is a bit disappointing. Don't like the flavor, taste a bit sour. Wish the taste is worth the price =/.
If you have been to the Ditka's in Chicago, do not eat here. You will be sad. Very sad. This Ditka's is a very poor imitation of the original. The hostesses really should be looking at careers in the prison system.
Awesome selection of beer (1000) and whisky(600)!\n\nThe jazz music was a little loud but the band was great and very into it. Would come back for sure :)
Zero, zero,zero.. Took a picture of what I found in the restroom ten feet from me..Can get the same mex food at Cirkle K.. Was sick for 3 days. Never again!!
Purple Skirt has done a great job at helping bring local up and coming fashion to Phoenix from LA.  Not only does she do this well, she gives a great support local alternative to the Nordstrom's with a fantastic personal touch for fashion minded women and men trying to buy for them(like myself).  Keep up the great work, Heather!
I've been to several Tommy's locations in So. Cal., this location is not anywhere near their efficiency. That said, the food quality was virtually identical, it simply took quite a bit longer to arrive.
Best pizza in Scottsdale, hands down! Friendly staff. Fast service... good salads as well. Take is out great. The reference your phone number and know what you ordered last... in case you'd just like to reorder the same thing. Very very convenient.
Very professional and helpful. The owner came out to my car to make sure the new keys worked. He had to make some adjustments but he very quickly resolved the issue. I was very satisfied with the service and the keys. I would definitely go back again.
i was qouted a price and after that i paid more...
In a word disappointing.  Overpriced and slow.  9 pm at nigt and not a lot of people here.  We won't be back.  We were charged for celery and ranch and the menu said there was no charge.
The bed was exceptionally comfortable. I also loved that there was a Starbucks right outside the hotel. The gardens looked amazing!
Love The Greene House. Especially the Sunday special with half off bottles of wine!\n\nThe fish + chips is to die for. So so good. \nAnd, just about every single appetizer on the menu is delicious!
Awesome food, great service, friendly staff!
Ridiculously great bartenders. \nFrom Noon til 5, Monday through Friday, you can have any drink in the bar for $2.\nThey have Slim Jim's and Twinkies.\nFree shows all the damn time.
I have always enjoyed any location I have eaten at.\nThey offef what other fast food do not offer.
Room was pretty clean. Towels smelled bad. Could feel every spring in the bed and pillows were a joke. Whole place smelled of stale smoke. Gave it 2 stars since it was in a good area and sheets seemed clean.
The worst service they attended the Anglo first I was there with the family and the customers that were eating were starring at us and talking shit behind our backs so uncomfortable never going to this place again first and last
Wayyyy too crowded for comfort. Must not leave VIP, must not dare the crowd...Great music though!
Stopped here to buy some flowers and garden supplies. Prices were good. Aisles clean. Asked by several different workers if we needed help finding anything. Checking out was quick.
The best gravy ever!! The only problem i had was the meat they used didn't taste that good.. Kind of ruined the poutine for me personally but overall it was pretty damn good!
We've been coming here for a few years and have never been disappointed. Excellent food and service even when it's packed on Sunday at brunch-time. A great place for golfers to grab a bite to eat, since it's adjacent to Painted Desert golf course.
The smallest detail doesn't go unnoticed in this excellent breakfast spot. By far the best food and service I've had in a long time! I love the vanilla crepe as a favorite go-to.
This place rocks! Very simple, get your yogurt, get your toppings(EVEN FRUIT!) weigh it and pay it then your gone! \n\nDefinitely easier to not be excessive.
Owners are really friendly.  Good service, but long wait for food.  Food was okay, but nothing I'd recommend or come back for.
Nice relaxed atmosphere. Delicious but expensive beer. $8 Brats that don't fill the bun. Hard wooden wobbly stools.
Busy atmosphere and can be a bit of a wait. Food is decent enough and the price O.K.. \nI did find the most memorable thing about Big in Japan, was the service.
The duck fat fried French fries come out to start and you know you're in a good place. We tried a few things off the main menu but the Rib cap is seriously the best thing I've ever had.
They have wonderful drink specials. Our tacos were delicious and I would definitely go there again.
Very good pizza. The garlic crust is fabulous. We also had a meatball appetizer, which had amazing sauce!
watch out when you pay \nthey wont give you all the change
There were 3 people in my party and our meal took 45 minutes to arrive. I ordered spaghetti and meatballs and it looked and tasted like spaghetti and watered down tomato juice. Management didn't charge me for it
If I could give zero stars I would. Since this company moved to Express Scripts I have had nothing but problems. Worst customer service. They do nothing to help you. I wish I could go through a regular pharmacy.
Remarkable service, delicious food. Can't ask for much more in a restaurant.
Ellie had her second haircut at Woofgang today and they did another great job! Ellie seems to like going there and the owner is very nice and VERY personable and friendly to customers. We'll definitely return to Woofgang everytime the pup needs groomed or we need to stock up on healthy treats!
Went here last weekend while in Madision for dinner.  The food was terrific and the waitress was too.  Love me some bone marrow with a nice IPA.
The worst 5 star rated restaurant I have ever been to. The sushi is not fresh at all...I just dont get how people rated this place as 5 stars...
I've been here a couple of times now and both times I've been unimpressed. The food was decent, but nothing to write home about. I could get over that if the prices were really low, but they aren't. But I'm not sure I should have expected anything less at the Epicenter.
website is down....  cannot make contact with the business!  please fix your website so that I can get accurate contact info and other info from your website!  I would really like my dogs to stay there!  Thanks!
HORRIBLE BUFFET! TGIFridays is good as usual with a great staff.  The layout is great and there is no shortage on gambling options. Can't wait for the construction to be done.
Super nice ladies who work here.  I enjoyed my turkey Reuben and will be back again when I'm in the area.
These people never seem to call you back no matter how many messages you leave. They also tell people different prices on items and will sell to the highest bidder even if the item was already sold.
Not so much.  The first couple times I ate there it was good not great definitely NOT New York.  The last time I ate there it was horrible and I haven't been back.  I'm still in search of really good chinese food in Phoenx.  Alas I think its a fairy tale.
The signature tuna sandwich served hot is the best tuna I've ever had. The atmosphere is very relaxed, and the prices are very reasonable for such delicious food.
I love chipotle and their food with integrity value. All restaurants should follow their example by only using meat free of antibiotics and hormones.  All of their food is delicious, and I'm happy that they offer a brown rice selection.
Was looking forward to a good dinner for the wifes bday. She placed the order 50 minutes before the scheduled pick up. Still had to wait 25 minutes more once I got there. The customer service, or lack there of sucked. It was good food, but won't return to this one because of the service.
Great authentic Mexican Food.  I love their tamales, tacos, and enchiladas.  Their cheese crisp is a good appetizer.  Their menu is impressive, with a wide range of things to choose.  If you have nothing else, however, make sure you have a serving of their deep fried ice cream.
I really have to give it up to Jerry and his great service. This gentlemen knows what he's talking about and i would use his services again. Brought my 2005 Mini  for some  major work and he fixed it right the first time. God Bless this guy!
I don't know why they call it fast lane when an oil change on a weekday can take over 3 hrs.
Service was great, and the sushi was excellent.\n\nMy favorite roll all night was the Tuna Lover's roll. The miso soup was also very good.
Decent mall, much better than it used to be. The Wal-Mart is pretty sketchy, more clientele than store but overall a decent mall.
Great food! A great atmosphere and the music and people vary in the best of ways. Unfortunately the manager/owner treats the employees poorly,
Grand opening day.  Fryer wasn't ready, ribs not ready...and was disorganized in general.  Ordering food isn't easy as you order at the end of the counter but the sides are on the side of the counter.  Food was fair...  In general not well prepared for opening day.
Not a bad airport overall, they have the new security scanners that you are required to go through otherwise they give you a thorough fondling in front of God and everybody...not a fan of that...They are either going to see it or feel it...in detail, so be prepared for that.
This place sucks. Bagel with butter or cream cheese means you have to put in on yourself. So the pricey fee for a bagel must be for all their manual labor. Not. I waited 15 minutes for a plain bagel. Unacceptable.
never been here before, so I stopped by after lunch for a smoothie and it was amazing. the girl on the register helped me out after I told her I have never been here before. if you like a good, all natural smoothie or juice, hit this place up. super delicious!
Love this place....new menu is great!
I brought a party of twelve here for a business dinner. They placed us at the most oddly shaped table in the place that didn't accommodate conversation. The steaks also had several issues as many arrived prepared incorrectly, mine included. The wine list is great but the price points are nearly double retail. Overall, very very displeased.
Kelsey my server was the best server I had in years. I come here because my kids like this place it's kind of like Italian fast food or something. bread sticks, salad and soup was good. The dinners was good for pre-made tv dinner type Italian food. But it's no mama's kitchen
OUT of business !!!!  Don't waste your time !!!!
What a great menu!! The breakfast and the burgers are awesome! More than your money's worth for sure.
I have never been there and I called to ask questions about birthday party package and get more information from them and their customer service was so horrible.  they used awful words on phone with me.  I have heard how wonderful and fun that place is and was sad that i had bad experience with them via phone.
A real disappointment. The service was slow, our waiter was annoyingly arrogant, food was very average (tuna was accompanied with potatoes in a tomato pur\u00e9e and some kind of spice that didn't match very well) and it was over priced. Tacky decor too. Don't waste your time.
Our meal was pretty good. Especially for an ad-hoc dinner. Prices were decent. We had the chirasi and dynamite appetizer. Both were good and filling!
Fantastic welcoming by the staff.....serviced right of way with coffee & orange juice....place looks very clean staff well groomed love it so far! Started with a cinnamon roll delicious!!  This place is delicious the service is great & prices are VERY reasonable.
I would rate it as average. I would rather suggest you go to the yardhouse and spend the same for better food and service. Food is average service is not do good. Rating 2 and half.
Espresso was good. My moms drink didn't turn out that great tho and wanted them to remake it and the guy gave me some attitude and said something in Spanish that I take as being pretty rude. Uh ok won't come back.
Wonderful food, good service and great atmosphere. Go during the very long nice season in Phoenix and sit on the patio. Always opt for the food and drink specials.\nA fine place for kids, if you can keep them under control.
Mediocre service to go along with sub-par food. FYI, BK & Mickey D's are just down the street. \n\nPerhaps I'll try it again when I'm piss drunk. The food might actually taste better.
I've been to lots of Marshalls in different cities and states, but I'd say the staff here are definitely the friendliest.\n\nI was in this evening getting a couple makeup bags for Christmas presents, and the lady who rang my purchase was so helpful and sweet. Her name was Susan.
This place has an excellent view but it a little overrated. The martinis were overpriced and I  felt like I was in Vegas with these prices. \nNice part was the live music and dancing - great experience - you can't have it all.
Disappointing.... sauce tasted terrible,  almost too salty. Will not return... there are farrrrr better pizza makers in this city!!
Arg \u00fcberteuertes Fast Food. Kino halt.
There is supposed to be dancing here on Fridays - but it doesn't start until 11pm. Although the music is pretty good, the dance floor is small and hardly anyone comes - so be sure to bring someone with you if you want company or someone to dance with.
Excellent homemade pasta and relaxing atmosphere.  So glad I live downtown so I can walk here and get my fix :)
They make the best shrimp fried and chicken fried rice you'll find in Arizona. The area may be rough, but don't let that deter you from trying their food! Great food and great service!
Shrimp tacos were fantastic. Great spice and flavor. Unique dish. \n\nPopcorn chicken was moist and the fries were delicious dipped in their honey mustard. \n\nFun drinks and atmosphere. \n\nPrices were a touch high but with that said, the quality was spot on.
Cool to try out but not to regular.  Lots to choose from.
Good pizza. However, their veal Marsala (chef's recommendation) was not great. Go for their pizza. Service is good, too.
One of the best tasting foie gras. Would give 5 if not for price! Good find in Las Vegas.
One of the best pho noodle places there is.  I definitely recommend anyone go there if you love noodle soup.
#39 = AMAZING. The Thai Tea is also amazing!!  Yes the place is usually not full, but don't let that scare you.  Love this place.
The food is one of the worst I had in a long time. Curd or yogurt in my papdi chaat was so sour and the potatoes ice cold. I just ended up throwing it off in garbage
I have been here two times. It's not a bad place. Atmosphere is very nice. Waitress was friendly. Food was not bad, pretty average. If I am in the mood for simple Korean food,  would come to this place.
Great neighborhood yogurt shop. The staff are very friendly and attentive. The flavors are fantastic! One of the better quality yogurt shops in the valley. Definitely stop in if you get the chance! The vanilla custard yogurt is one of my favorites!
Great food, great prices, awesome.
Not your typical ramen place. It is a nice change. They have various fusion ramen and also a izakaya menu at night time. The shrimp ramen is really good. The decor is nice and modern inside.
Very good new american style.
The waitress was good for our big group, service was great, but I wasn't impressed with my food at all. Bland red sauce, not crispy, and not served hot.
The best place for a burger in the Desert Ridge food court. Our whole group enjoyed their food there were no complaints. I ordered the Classic Smash Burger with Smash fires. My food was great! I will be back for sure
Horribly slow service here, except when the really tall guy is working.  Hummus was disgusting with huge chunks of chickpeas in it.  Any degree of complexity in the egg & cheese bagel order and they seem to manage to screw it up.  Who would have thought swiss is so complicated vs. american cheese?
The Pho here is amazing! It's so good and they give you so much that you end up having left overs. The food comes out really fast also! A good place if your hungry and you want your food fast!
Really yummy food from the boiled peanuts through the pan-fried mandu to the combo plate!  Definitely a return trip location!
It even smells amazing in here.\n\nI think most of these reviews covered it. But I have to say the jewelry selection and line of Chymia body butter and oil sealed the deal. \n\nI'm definitely setting aside a good hour post-election to do a legit perusal of this place. Amazing.
Well I think I found the best Pizza In Vegas, so good New York New Haven pepperoni pizza outstanding the pepperoni unbelievable the service is spot on, great place  you need to come here we will be back.
Oh steak and hoagie how I love you for not being over the top.  $4 for a banging gyro and $6 for an awesome sub. What more can you want?  This place is perfect for lunch and is never really packed.
I and my children would go the place and yes the comic store does have alot of different items to choose from but one of my children was having a problem with an employee there and made my child feel very uncomfortable. The issue was never resolved by owner so we dont go anymore. Found another comic store that is child friendly and i am very happy !
Evan's awesome. Great at figure skates, fitting, mounting, etc. My daughter LOVES him AND her new skates!
All fire and no flavor. Vindaloo was pretty hot, but no complexity.
Absolutely Disgusting.\n\nThe salads were so soaked with some kind of sour dressing that I had to pour it on another plate. The feta cheese tasted as though it had been soaked in something other then it's natural brine. Just frigging gross to even look at. I left feeling ill.
Congratulations. Second best filet mignon in my eyes in Las Vegas.
Used to be best in Las Vegas but quality and taste has gone way down. Make Cesar's look like a deal. Friday-Sunday dinner is $40 Caesar's is $50 with a lot more choices and better tasting food. .\n I won't be back
The staff is patient, helpful and attentive. The suggestions made by our waiter were accurate. Great place for special occasion an with friends.
Dropped my iPhone 5c last night and broke the glass :( but took my phone here to get it repaired and it only took 30mins!! Awesome place and great prices !
It isn't there anymore.
TOO MUCH SMOKE IN THE POKER ROOM....Poker room is too small and lame.  There is too much smoke drifting in from the slot area
Great place for some good Mexican food! Always busy, always fast and consistently good food.  Portions are big and prices are decent. Only thing I have had there that I didn't like was the beef taco. However, my boyfriend liked them. We frequent this place for some quick and good tex-mex.
The service was slow even though the place was pretty much empty when we arrived. The food is decent but nothing I'd recommend to a friend especially for the price. The good news is if you are seated to the left you have a pretty good view of the dancers.
Quite crowded with visitors and very nice music. Awesome!
The food is ok, not mind blowing. It's basically just snack food not real meals. I'd call it a classier Mc Donald's. I purchased a \"refillable souvenir cup\" but I had to pay $1.00 each time I refilled it. Can you say false advertisement.
Meh....it's alright. Would probably give if only two stars if it weren't do close to my neighborhood.  I'd likely go back for happy hour with my gals.  Pizza was ok. Wine was good. And there is a very yummy baked to order chocolate chip cookie with ice cream.
This was the worse place to order burritos. The lady didn't even care and had no concerns. I can't believe this place has 4 STARZ!
I've been a fan of this place for years.  The mee krob is delicious, as is their squid salad.  Better at dinner than at lunch, although they have good lunch specials.  I agree that it is the best Thai in Charlotte.
Can't stand Cricket. It's overpriced, overcrowded, and overheated. For some reason the good shows only travel through here during the unbearable summer months, which means if you can only afford a lawn ticket you're totally screwed.
Don't bother putting money in the jukebox the bartender will eject every song he don't like!  So we just got up and left! We went to eat dinner somewhere else! Very rude guy unless you're throwing money at him!
Excellent breakfast burritos for under $4! Great horchata too. That's all I had, but I'm giving them 5 stars for these 2 items.
I occasionally been here in this location. I had bad service all the time. The servers are always in a mad mood and always rude. I really dislike the service at this location. Don't recommend this location.
I love, love, love Trader Joe's. The end.
Not really sure what the big deal is with In N Out...I'm from Illinois so maybe the people living in AZ just don't know what a good burger is. In any case they are nothing special and I definitely don't recommend them
This hotel has so much potential and looks like it was. Staff very nice, furnishings and decor very nice but you can see the building and mechanicals crumble in front of you.
Well let's make it simple, I love their Bakery especially the bread and they are very nice, but the only problem i see is the bad smell the moment I go inside.
Since Whiskey River wasn't serving alcohol anymore we went over to Wild Wings. There wasn;t anyone at the door so we weren't sure if they were still open but we went to the bar. Our bartender was very nice and the drinks were good.  The place is big and the whole staff seemed nice.
The steak served on steak night was way below average. The roast beef on the carving station was much better. Decent fried chicken and salad bar. Pretty much what you would expect from a typical buffet.
They show a lot of great movies that dont make it into the wide releases but hte seats smell like cheese. \nI have been to multiple theaters inside camelview 5 and they all smell like cheese!\n\nI dont know how clean they are but they need to step it up.
fuck a $20 cover. fuck house music. fuck your flair bartending. give me my damn drink.
I took the First Aid/CPR Training and Ling was great. She made it a fun learning experience to get certified. She focused on the main points and always would ask if we had any questions.
We visited Montreal on a cold winter day and wandered into Montreal poutine. The best thing going for this place is the location in old Montreal ... Unfortunately the prices are too high and the poutine was cold! Our smoked meat sandwiches were small for what we paid.
Jeff is amazing with a very reasonable price. If you need a locksmith I gurantee you jeff wont let you down!!! Excellent service.
I normally don't write reviews,  but this buffet is a waste of money. The only decent thing was that the server was efficient at removing the half full plates of disgusting food from our table. For $22 + tax I suggest avoiding this buffet as if your life depended on it. Big disappointment indeed.
The pizza was just ok -  not bad but not good.  I have heard the philly cheese steak sandwich is good, so I may give this place another shot.
Decent stuff and good sales. Seems like maybe you need to be friends with the young men who work here to get the best stuff. They offer a 50 % discount to seniors but only 30% to vets. That's pretty poor in my book. (especially for a supposed vet-related charity).
When my family was too short on time for a trip to Barrio Cafe, we slipped into Los Favoritos for some quick tacos, enchiladas and burritos. Nothing on the menu disappointed, and we visited again a few nights later during a late study session.
The pizza is the best in town, but the service at this location is spotty at best.  That is why we usually take the pizza home.  They are also very reasonably priced.
Over priced and needs some seasoning. 'nuff said. If you need some food, eat it. If you want some good food, go elsewhere, like the pizzeria. If you want REALLY good food, leave the parking lot.
Had this pizza again and it was only so-so this time. The consistency of the food's quality may be an issue here, but the delivery was timely and the service was still excellent, so I'd rate this place as average.
The food is decent. We go here mainly because its close and they have a big game room for the kids. The kids have tons of fun every time we go here.
This was my second time here, the first time I had it, the cheeseburger was sooooo good, but this time it wasn't so great.
We used to go here for our Americanized Chinese food every so often for the last 7 years.  However, in the last year the quality of their food has taken a nose dive to unacceptable levels of blech and blah.
Music is fun...high tops suck. Be sure to get a booth with the beer taps.
My wife recommended this place and it has been awesome! The Snow cones are REALLY good and at this time of year, refreshing. So many flavors to choose from and the owner was very friendly. If you haven't checked it out, do it now!!!
The Chinese pastries I bought were good, if unremarkable.  I tried a grean bean bun and a melon bun.  There were some beautiful things in the glass case, but I couldn't figure out how to get them home on the bus without demolishing them.
big selection of plastic models and airplanes not so much on RC cars. prices are very affordable and comparable to online prices.
Great breakfast bagel and amazing atomosphere will be back to to try again soon.
I stopped in in May when I was going to buy spices down the street.  Haven't been to an Islands in a while.  Had a very good blue cheese burger.  The service was good.  I got there right after opening time so the place was almost empty to start and only got about 1/3 full by the time I left.
Weird airport setup. Not really a fan.
The food is bland and way too expensive. You would be better off eating on an airplane!\n\nThe only reason I didn't give it a one star is that the interior decor was well done.
Great local spot.  Filet sliders were great.  Croquetas perfect.  Went with a co-worker, portions were perfect for sharing, not too expensive.
They are great with big dogs (Newfoundland) !
Food, so good. It's tiny and they need more tables but they found us room and it was delicious. We shall return. And BYOB too. Everything we had was delicious, the environment was fun, and the staff was real friendly and a delight to be with. I definitely recommend this place to all.
Grade: C-\n\nMaybe I just picked the wrong menu item...all 3 times I've eaten there. Great service and Martinis. Spendy.
Terrible place, do not waste your time!  Awful valets, very slow, most restaurants closed for lunch.  Go somewhere nice like Wynn, Encore, Cosmo, etc.\nWayne Gorsek
This place has great service and they do a great job. Mike the owner can fix anything and everything, he is a professional!!! Great service great prices you can not compete!!!
My parents are from italy and we take them every time they come to AZ.  The food is from their province in Italy and they love it!  In fact, my parents will not eat at Italian restaraunts normally because they are usually disappointed - not here.  We are going tonight!
Overpriced. 35 for a used tire when you can buy a new one for 70?  No warranty either.
The place is cool, very hipster. Outdoor and indoor seating with a larger and more descriptive beer menu indoors. Four of us sat down ecstatic about their 6 , 6 oz samplers. Unfortunately of the 18 different flavors we chose, collectively we only enjoyed 2. Really wanted to like this place...It was extremely disappointing.
Worst goodwill In south Charlotte!!!  Store is smaller than most. Trashy....always a mess. Employees have nonchalant attitude.
Soooo out of all the Grand Lux locations this has the WORST service and food is good...if it comes out right. For some reason its just not as great as the others. Brought friends here after bragging about it and was embarrassed. I'll stick to the one next door in the Venetian.
Avoid them at all costs.  Trust me from years of experience they will rip you off and make sure you are repeat business.  If you are in Mesa go to Network Automotive on Main.  They are honest and dependable and won't rip you off.
Food was overpriced and arrived cold after over an hour since ordering. Was flavorless and mushy. Didn't even finish it. Will not order again, at least not delivery. Maybe it's better fresh at the restaurant but doubt it... Disappointing.
Service is excellent. We are regulars and enjoy the garlic bread and special dishes of the night. The drink selection is fair. It's not a great place to watch sports it's a better place to get to know people and socialize.
Beautiful interior,relaxing atmosphere,professional staff.i got waxed from head to toe. Least painful experience ever. I live in Baltimore and would be willing to come to Pittsburgh every 5 weeks just to enjoy this wonderful spa.
How about catching up with the times?!?! If you aren't going to accept credit cards, have your ATM work. It blows my mind that in 2014 there is a business out there that doesn't accept plastic.
Do not shop here. Everything is way overpriced. I've been ripped off too many times by these guys. You can go right around the corner and find the same products for the same price at ANY vape shop.
I heard amazing things about this place so I think I walked in the door with my expectations a little high. It's just a breakfast joint that's on par with the others in town. Mad props to them for their choice of bacon. It's long thick sliced pieces and I love me some bacon!
Not memorable.  Across the street from the nasty filthy Circus Circus.  Nothing around it.  Nothing in it either.  Small casino that you get bored with quickly.  No valet.  Must be the only casino in Vegas without one.  Parking is far away.  Why would anyone come here?
Not only is the staff some of the friendliest in town, their food rocks.  This not your typical bar food scene.  Everything is fresh, the meat is quality and the drinks are stiff.
First the good... Tap beer tastes good and reasonably priced.\nNow the not do good.... Ordered the WMD wings and were extremely disappointed. They are made with store bought mild sauce and breaded. Ugh :(  \n\nStick with Zips in Scottsdale.
Cute little bar tucked away in the 4th ward neighborhood.  Fun atmosphere - and apparently a big pole in the middle of the women's bathroom (see back of menu).  \n\nHad the nachos, fried pickles and the crawfish burrito, all of which were tasty.
Guys that work there know what they are doing. Always see people in there when I walk in. Gonna be going here a lot!
Love the bacon breakfast burrito and the beans!!!! Rolled tacos are yummy too!! Their salsas are good too!!
Bad customer service refer to my tip from today.
Good selection, but I'm hoping they will get shoes in soon.  Customer service is great.
The girls at Splendid are the best and very professional. The experience was totally pain free in a warm and relaxing atmosphere. Would recommend them without hesitation.
This is the first cirque show i've ever watched, and far and away my favorite. It may not be as beautiful or artsy as the others, but it is definitely the most entertaining and contains the most acrobatics.
Awesome beer selection ultra fast service service for a busy friday night.  Had two beers at the bar it was sin city ale?  I think .  Anyway great beer.
The coffee is pretty good depending on who is working. Not a place I'd recommend to hang out if you're looking to relax with friends.
I'd only been there a couple of times before but they remembered my name and what I liked to drink. Pretty good in my book. I guess it's like a local bar, but downtown. I'll be back the next time I'm in Phoenix.
Service is horrible!! Two waitresses for entire restaurant. Stuff never arrived at table when ordered. Bad experience!! Hire more servers!!
Excellent food, excellent serviceThis place is right out of Idaho, Oregon, upper Maine ,Oklahoma ,Salt Lake City. Good hot food, very busy, very polite waitresses, good prices.
Always friendly. Been coming to do my eyebrows and nails for years now. Everyone does a great job. We all know how hard it is to find a good eyebrow person, Lynn is the best! She always has people waiting for her.
This place had the worst food ever. Don't go here. It's overpriced too!
Euro Special fries were the BEST!!!  I don't know what they put in that garlic mayo sauce, but it should be bottled and sold for $100 per.  Need to try the teriyaki dog next time... Looked really good!
Incredible, Unique, eclectic, homey, and everything a local looks for in a great bar. Delicious specialty cocktails and the nicest bar owner. A must try for everyone!
I've eaten here twice now and both times the sushi has been great! We've tried about 15 different rolls and have yet to be disappointed.  The service is really attentive and brings the food out fast.
Its an OK restaurant, the seafood is much better than the steak, but not much to really talk about. They use dry ice in their drinks but the effect only lasts like 5 minutes. Overpriced, VERY empty when we went there, and I dont think we'll be back.
One of the better buffets on the strip that is reasonably priced. They even give a locals discount. Good selection of food, most of it was even warm. Would recommend this to friends.
There are no words to describe how amazing the food and staff at Bronze Cafe are.  Truly a hidden gem in downtown Vegas. Prepare to become addicted.
I think this place needs to be on Bar Rescue...so much potential yet lacking in so many areas. A few weeks ago I witnessed a girl  waiting for service at the bar so long she reached behind the counter, took an entire bottle of booze and put it in her purse... Yeah...
One star. If even. Here on a rather slow Friday night, Chandler location.  Food terrible. No liquor in the happy hour drinks.  Had to send them back but more of the same. I will say our waitress was sympathetic so we will take care of her tip.  First time here but sadly will never return.
This is a pretty good place for casual Italian at reasonable prices.\n\nI had the baked ziti with meatballs.  Plenty of sauce and cheese.  Large enough serving that I was able to take half of it home.\n\nIt's a nice, clean restaurant with friendly service.
When I retired from the Air Force, we had my retirement dinner here.  This is where I bring my out of town friends when I want to impress them.  Casual atmosphere, great food, 3-day marinated sangria, great prices. Just take your time and enjoy. Make reservations through Urbanspoon for dining points.
La enchilada estuvo bien, pero quiz\u00e1s algo caro. El servicio correcto!
I love Pinkberry's, so I was excited when I found one right on he strip. The original flavor was disgusting!!  It tasted extremely sour and was very gritty. I couldn't eat a second spoonful. I had to throw it away. Waste of $$$. Avoid this location.
I used to love this place, but they really cannot make pancakes.  So much batter that the short stack pancakes are each over an inch thick and you can barely find a blueberry. Stick to the eggs and French toast here.  Pancakes are not a good option.
I received the worst serviced from the customer service about the delivery of our furniture. Due to our treatment by the customer server our order was cancelled.
Good food..portions were small but food was up to my standards
Service horrible food OK, manager omg horrible this guy was the worst, he charged me $20 dollars for a shot of something they made the mistake on its usually $7.00 and he told me there is nothing he could do ....so if you want horrible service this place is it...what a rip off ...
Are they closed now? This phone number says it's disconnected. Would be nice to have it forward to another location. I miss Fiesta Mall. I remember it when it was brand new. Seeing Santa! It was the hot spot to hang out back in the day! ;-)
Tastey.  Unique New Mexico style with chiles and not afraid to actually make food spicey.
Brunch buffet was a complete disappointment. Arrived at 2PM with still an hour and a half left and most of the offerings were completely gone, everything was very messy, and no one was really tending to the buffet.
Super cool little place, their hotdogs are great!  I have made it through about 8 of different kinds so far, but the Dog Father is my favorite!!!!
Fantastic breakfast! Came on a Sunday morning when they were busy, but it is definitely worth the wait.
Happy hour is great if you can fight your way over to a seat at the bar. Otherwise, this place ain't that special.
Been to Le Hair quite a few times as my bff who now lives in Vegas introduced me to this great salon. Only $25 for a cut/dry and never unhappy :) thanks Le Hair for having great service and prices!
Dirty, flys all over, waitress brought 1 menu for party of 3 and she forgot one of the orders, food was just ok and expensive.  So many better Korean restaurants in town.
I love this location! The service is amazing and the tacos and guacamole are delicious!
If this isn't the best place to go downtown for lunch, then it is among the best. Gotta love the eat coast owners.
This night is super busy! Enough meat Togo around though!
What a fantastic store. The owners are fabulous people. The selection is better than any of their competition. I love all of the flavors of oils and vinegars they have and the occasional cooking classes are a great opportunity to learn how to cook healthy and new ways to use our purchases.
Meh. You get what you pay for, I guess. Average food for a cheap price naturally draws huge crowds for the Sunday brunch... But honestly... They even decided to put tables in the basement to accommodate more people...\n\nThe service is always fresh and pretty but also hit or miss :)
Not impressed. The doctor sends his PA in before the surgery. The doctor doesn't come and speak with us before they take him to surgery.  This is the docs first surgery of the morning. Maybe I just have high expectations.
Outstanding patient care is given here, everyone is very professional in how they interact with you. Although at times the wait is long I am reminded that this is also for complicated eye diseases, some of the best doctors in Carolina work here, appointments are hard to come by so call way ahead if you can!
All of their food is great. Servers always have an opinion on what you should try if you're indecisive, and they're always spot on! Bartenders are fun and always attentive, but not too in-your-face. Great place to catch dinner and/or drinks with friends or family!
Coffee was OK.. Lines in the morning were very long and service was slow, but nice. \n\nI am not a big fan of Seattles best.. it was the only decent coffee around.
We came here for lunch...... The sandwiches are HUGE and delicious.  I can't wait to try breakfast!  Will be back soon.
Interesting little lounge with crazy strong drinks. The music was really awful and the bathrooms were exactly like the ones on airplanes but a bit larger.  I think plain martinis are only $5 all day so if you're a fan it might be the spot for you.
Meh, it's just a burger and soggy fries. What's the big attraction? Menu reminds me of In-And-Out.
I know a lot of people like this but It just seems like regular Mexican food to me.  I have tried several things and nothing has been anything but okay.
I happened on this place on a Sunday afternoon. They had an Irish music jam session going and some of the patrons were dancing a jig. Honest! \n\nGood tap beer selection. Good fish n Chips, Good service. Unbelievably good atmosphere when the jam session is happening.
Don't tell anyone but I have a weakness for McDonalds Chicken McNuggets. Today I ordered myself a ten piece and a large order of french fries. After I paid, the guy at the second drive thru window said I needed to park and wait for the fries. I said no thank you and left.
The guy there was nice and helpful, and they had a couch and a tv in their waiting room. It probably won't go back simply because it took an hour to do a smog check and an oil change. But, the service was ok, and they honored the deal being offered by yelp.
PestFree pest control service provided the best customer service and response time of any pest control company I have ever used.\n\nThe technician was very friendly and professional. He spent time with us walking our property and truly seemed to care about providing the proper service that would rid our home of pests.
The service here is abysmal. Any bar where a waitress can walk by a table full of people with empty glasses half a dozen times without asking if they want another drink doesn't deserve your business - especially when there are other bars within 50 feet.\n\nOf course, the choice is yours...
This place is great!!! I recommend the homemade Lasagna. I would definently go again :), what got me disappointed a little was the server she was slow.
Have to pay extra for fruit.  The apple sauce they provide  with traditional eggs and bacon plate Is  a good option only for a three year old. Nothing sets it apart from other breakfast places, no effort or creativity in presentation of food.
This was a great find off the strip. \n\nIt has awesome hours open till 3am or 4am depending on the day.  Our wait was about 15-20 minutes but I think a decent compromise for the food.  \n\nWe will be visiting here again on our next trip that is for sure!
Pretty standard.  The room and pool area are nice.  It didn't break the bank.  There was construction going on when we stayed there but it didn't bother us.  If you can score a good rate I recommend it.
Wanted to like this place. Staff very friendly. Reasonable prices. Quick service. \nBut plates were dirty. Table dirty. Food just OK.
So far, by far, the best AYCE Sushi joint I have been to. Usually I don't like to order the Maguro because it's usually on the harder side and not good, but here it's soft and tasty! A very good AYCE Sushi experience here at Yama Sushi!
Good prices, good people, good dive-y atmosphere. What else could you want in a bar?\n\nThe place smells like cigarettes, but I don't care. I got drunk here and rapped Rick Ross. Isn't that the American Dream?
Never met soneone who ate there and didn't like it.\nI thought it was okay on three occasions at two locations.
Clean, bright and accesible
Seem to have gone out of business. Nobody answers the phone, mailbox is full. Oh Well.
This place has some of the best Irish food around. The Shepard's Pie is great as is the Bangers N Mash. \n\nThe atmosphere feels authentic and inviting. It is not expensive either.
Five stars for the friendly morning staff woman who makes the best mocha in town. Seriously. \n\nOne star for the other employees who seem to hate their job and serve your bagel with a side of resentment. I asked for a schmear, not a sneer, people.
good but wayyyyyyy over priced!! \ni probably wont ever go back!
Had never been here before, and walked out with two new dresses, and I actually paid full price for one of them, since it was so cute.  I will be looking for this brand again.
Not bad, but like everything else in Vegas these days: over-priced. I had a pizza, many at my table had the burger. The burger looked quite good. The pizza was fine, but nothing special. Of all the restaurants we ate at in the MGM, we liked the atmosphere here best. It's great for people watching.
Grabbed a sub today. Good quality meat. Had the Italian special, on white. Very good, tasty. The woman that owns the place is really nice and makes everything fresh. Doesn't look like a deli, but it's a deli. Give it a try, support local business...
Typical movie theater. Clean.  Nice that it's stand alone and you don't have to spend half an hour winding through a smoky casino to get to it.
Love this place! Always fun!
Nice view of Bellagio and the watershow, romantic environment, friendly staff, and great food!\n\nI just wish it wasn't so darn expensive =/ A plate of small Caesar salad is already $9!
Overpriced and they do not butter my bread. I have had bad experiences with all the ones I went to
Great alternative to buffet Chinese. Huge portions and cooked to order. Lunch specials come with more food than one should eat! Pleasant staff and decent atmosphere. I will eat there again.
Love this place. You get great service. I been coming here for over a year. Their wings and nachos are soooo good. The music selection is good. The patio area is well layed out and comfortable.
They are now out of business.
Food was decent. Service was good at first but certainly tailed off towards the middle and end of dinner, not good for a tapas place.
This place is a joke bad service the complementary service on my paper said 30000 miles my car have only 20000 the said I had to pay for the service 75 dollars fucking morons
Awesome custard.
I give it 5 stars because I remember the porterhouse I had.  It was one of those steaks that I remember which means its good.  Its not cheap, but the food was awesome so its worth it.  The sides were equally amazing.  We shared a few different choices as a group and all left very happy.
Didn't stay here, but did a lot of drinking and gambling here. Drink prices are a little on the high side, but you're paying for a great view (the servers) and to drink in a place that is actually happening.
Their chocolate croissants are amazing!  Service is great and staff is very friendly.
Wow... Who writes these reviews???\nThe food is pretty good but the service is horrible!!! We ate on 9/6 and the girl working there is BAD!!\n\nManagement needs to make some changes.
I absolutely loved this place. There should be more theatres like this! It felt very nostalgic. It was amazing to see all 9 or so big screens on all at the same time too. Love it!
Disappointing. Come here if you like extremely crowded and loud places, mediocre, heavy food, and staff that only care about their next table. This place has forgetten what it means to respect each customer's business, even those trying to enjoy a family visit - since it doesn't have to.
Very corrupt place to do business.  They scammed me from the start.  Meanwhile, Dollar and Budget have both been tremendous to work with.\n\nI would avoid this place at all costs.  Honestly.
My 4th week in a row coming here and can't get enough of it. The Hawaiian plate is off the hook!!!
It was a very long wait; about an hour. But, on the contrary the food was delectable.
Fresh produce and helpfull staff !!
Oh yea... she definitely rocked it.  Different covers ranging from James Bond to Adele, what is there not to love? She hasn't aged a BIT!! Keep it up Celine and hope to see you again soon!
We used Paradise Bouncer for my 40th birthday party.  They were easy to work with, reasonably priced, and on time.   Would use them again
The food at this place was quite greasy and lacking flavor. I wouldn't call this place authentic as it's just a lot of fried food with greasy yellow cheese. I do NOT recommend this for visitors looking for authentic Mexican food.
We got to eat the dinner buffet for free. So for a free buffet, it wasn't bad. Wine and beer is also included in the price of the buffet. It's very average with very fatty foods. It's very much like hometown buffet.
Ordered several rolls with my boyfriend and we both got very sick in the afternoon. Called them to let them know & they asked for me to come in with a doctors note. LOL also told me it wasn't their food that got me sick. That kind of response is just inconsiderate.
This place is super. But VEGETARIANS beware:  there is gelatin & animal based protein ingredients in most items, including the desserts, like the cheesecake :/
I had a great experience with this particular pharmacy.  I am grateful that it was open on Sunday, they filled an on-file prescription in 15 minutes and the female pharmacist  (I wish I could remember her name) was pleasant both on the phone and in person!  Thank-you
Don't use them their pick ups or not ever 15 min.
And the credit card arrived!  Thanks so much!
Le Reve is an amazing show.  I was so captivated the entire time.  This is definitely a must see experience.  The stage is round so there are literally no bad seats.   If you like Cirque performances, you will love this show.
Salty. Better then home town. Busy. Lots of ppl. One of the better buffets. I wouldn't go for dinner though. Very busy.\n\nCheers,\n-Herbal Tea
We tried the pre-show special for $29.  It came with either salad or onion soup,  prime rib,  and chocolate cake.   Salad was pretty decent but the prime rib tasted very dry.  Definitely not worth $29.  :(
Ugh went back there today and the fries are really cold and soggy again !!! \nLemonade tastes kinda soapy too.
Place sucks! Way over priced,  staff is rude! And to top it off they charge 20 percent tax. Yes that's right 20 percent tax , we have the reciet! Worst club in town! If I could give it zero stars I would.
I love that there's a life sized picture of Mr. Lee and Snoop Dogg at the entrance of the store.
I love this place! This is a common spot for me and my bestie. Prices are reasonable, food is delicious, service is outstanding... What's not to like?
Avoid this place!   Who decided to put this place in an airport!?  Do not eat at moes ever and especially if you are about to board an airplane.  Me and my traveling companion both were sick as dogs after eating here!  We both had the nachos which were less than mediocre and barely warm
Scotch eggs, yum!
Big Elvis has the most amazing voice.  The best FREE show.  Go see him!
Great service and friendly staff.  \nI had the tuna salad and the tuna was albacora fresh and the greens were the good kind and not just iceburg. \nI would recomend this place.
Great place for breakfast in Old Town Scottsdale!  The Eggs Benedict with turkey sausage was delicious!  We had to wait about 30 minutes for a table, but it is well worth the wait.  The service is friendly and efficient and the restaurant has a good vibe.
Garlic naan, lamb vindaloo, butter chicken, and samosas have been excellent both times I was here.
Good place for a drink and very fun atmosphere. The beer was really good and ther service outstanding. I figured they would have more of a selection but thats okay it was still totally worth it. The food was better than expected too! I thought it would just be bar food but it was fantastic.
pizza great. maybe hire another person to keep eating area tidy. but great food! fast service!
Food was boring and service was worse, expensive too..never got chips I ordered, no water, never offered another drink..frustrating...
Pretty lame service (girl who just cleans behind the bar could stand to smile once in a while), overpriced drinks, none of the beer is really good, the beer cocktails were so weak, and even though they only have 6 beers they were out of one.  Great location though.
The place is different, fancy desserts a bit pricey, though.  I got some macroons they were good but I've had better at Jean's in millvale.
Drinks were all made with top craftsmanship. Atmosphere was welcoming to all walks of life. Muffins were not greasy and tasty.
Oreganos is always good for what it is; family dining and big portions.\n\nSOMEONE PLEASE TURN THE MUSIC DOWN. Please. Please sweet baby Jesus turn it down. Trumpets blaring in my face make conversation impossible here
We were in the area shopping and ended up eating lunch at Baoding.  The food and service was excellent.  The price was reasonable.
I always love star bucks but honestly Internet at all star bucks are horrible it's so slow and it sucks coz one of the reason I hangout in the store is to enjoy my iPad and drink my good coffee since Internet is slow then i cant to that. I wish they would update their Internet specifically this store:3
Solid place to hit up before a baseball game.
Excellent service! Delicious ramen! What more could you ask for? The kimchi fried rice was also a hit.
Wings were good of course, but the kitchen could use some work. Too long of a wait for food.
I recommend the chicken tikka masala! It has a small quaint atmosphere. This is your basic nice Indian food spot.
Comment from Aaron L. of Philadelphia Sandwich Company 7/5/2011    \n\nYou should be fired for being a idiot with your stupid comments. This is lousy food...
This place is absolutely amazing. The food is great and inexpensive; the service is even better. They are sweet and kind. This Asian food is certainly the best in the area.
HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!!! ., they charge a resort fee you when you check in and when you checkout.. Room service was horrible. Blood stains on the sheets, floor and bathroom!! They never cleaned our rooms!!! Mangers were not professional!!!
We were looking forward to the pastrami sandwich when we saw it on the menu. What a let down, I've had tastier pastrami elsewhere. My gf hates mustard but added it and said it was better. Binion's is better and costs less also NYNY has a good sandwich at their deli.
beautiful place even though we were there in the middle of the summer and temp was about 105.  we saw a turtle, a cotton tail rabbit, a bunch of lizards, and quail.  make sure you bring a bottle of water with you and give yourself about 2 hrs to walk thru it all.
Easy Mac from Kraft...the kind in a pack with the powder. Seriously, that is what they gave me for my macaroni side. Someone tell me WHY this place has more than 1 star. YUCK!
Terrific staff, awesome sandwiches. Omg the fresh made cookies! From the pictures on the wall, the owner seems to do a lot for the community as well.
We went for the Kid's Day.  We were a little disappointed at what was actually there for kids.  It's a nice museum though.  Didn't get to see all of it but if I could ever come alone, I'd definitely like to spend the day there checking out the art.
Best chili cheese tamales w onions. Best Italian beef w spicy giadernia (sp.). Bomb fries and great hot dogs. You cannot go wrong eating here!\n\nPs. grab a papaya boba slush next door to compliment your meal.
We prefer this location for our movie enjoyment.  And as you know Harkins has great deals with their drink cups and T-shirt/popcorn.\n\nClean, convenient good restaurants around.
This place has decent coverage of the games. Waited what seemed like for 50 minutes for nachos. Let's get it together.
#1 with everything on it minus the black olives has been my favorite sandwich for going on a decade now.
go to Clothes Minded on Liberty Avenue in Bloomfield instead.  Forget about the trolls that work here and their crap-tastic pricing.
Best spinach pie ever!
Ordered a takeout order online to be ready at 7:55 show up at 8:00 to pick it up and they were just putting it in the oven... It was ready at 8:20. They didn't even apologize. Overpriced for such bad service. I won't be eating here again.
We always come here and have nice meals and a few drinks and always had good service.
Amazing flowers delivered !  Plus cutest card, sweets and balloon.\nThank you so much. I recommend to everyone.
Woah! Go to the bathroom ahead of time! I was shocked at how dirty this place was. There was a huge hole in the ground and fences up to protect people but really for the price I paid for the ticket it should be a better venue.
See Dave when you want a great haircut. He caters to those who always return.  \nHe's alway got a great story to tell and a good listener too.
Great food and excellent friendly service. The pho was delicious as was the yellow curry and orange chicken.
This place does not honor reservations.\n\nMade a reservation via opentable and specifically requested Teppenyaki only to show up and be told we had to wait 2 hours! \n\nCan't speak to tonight's food quality because they decided not to serve it to me.
He's strictly by the book. Relies on the numbers, no intuitive or investigative thinking.\n\nThe modality is medicate, operate or wait to see if you develop cancer.  If you want more of a holistic approach, or proactive treatment, \nthink again about Dr. Lichfield.
Great hotel, won't stay anywhere else but here in Montreal due to location and ammenities
This was the first pizza place in Las Vegas that we ended up actually liking. Ordered take out twice... never messed up our food and never disappoints. Will def be eating there again in the near future! thumbs up!
Service was excellent. Atmosphere was good. The salmon and tofu scallops were amazing!
Eaten high-end sushi in San Fran, NYC, Vegas..the Sanchez roll at Sushi Brokers in Scottsdale is the best roll I have EVER had... Great atmosphere, great wait staff... Highly recommend!
I got the dark chocolate peppermint with shredded coconut. So good! \n\nNice service and clean facility.
A beautiful campus with the main quad (preferably viewed on during a May sunset) as the crown jewel.  Best know for its top ranked EE/CS and other engineering departments but it also has a truly amazing school Of animal sciences/ agricultural engineering. It may not be near a big city but,after all, it has its own downtown!
Favorite take out chinese spot in Indian Trail.  Some nice take-out deals...spend $25-free 2 liter of soda, spend $40- free 2 liter & generals chicken.  One of few chinese take-out with real deal boneless spare ribs.
The grilled sea bass was delicious albeit over-priced.  The har gow was okay and so was the shu mai.\n\nWe also ordered the sushi roll, which was also over priced.  It wasn't fresh although it had a good flavor to it.  Service was excellent.
Don't waste your time. ...are you kidding me? ! In a city of free alcohol we played video poker got comped nothing and for one martini and one jack on the rocks we got charged $27.00. There are a million other places on the strip you can get a better deal. What a rip off
Went here for happy hour and sat in the cantina, chips and salsa were delivered immediately and were delicious. Our server was kind and on top of it. The meal I got seemed a little over cooked but besides that everything was delicious and their happy hour prices were great.
My favorite Chinese spot in town!!! Legit and very tasty Asian Cuisine is surved here every night. When I want real Chinese, not Panda, this is where I end up. I highly recommend it!
I landed this place by luck! and am happy about it. They have great sandwiches, and many veggie options too. I tried gingembre sesame tofu and it was awesome!  The staff is pretty friendly too. The place is small but food is good and reasonably priced, also its 24hrs.
Great location and venue, we saw a live band there, staff is very very nice, attentive and helpful. Next time I will try their food as well.
This restaurant offers barrio food in the burbs.We shared a chile relleno burrito and large diet coke in addition to a complimentary salad mix of carrots and jalapenos.  Pretty good for inexpensive fast food.
Normally not a fan of subs but this place is pretty good ive had the engineer with sea salt chips and a cherry coke on two desperate occasions and was def happy  with my meal  the variety of hot sauces u can add to your sub is pretty cool.will be back to try the rest of the subs
Beef and broccoli rocks, teriaki chicken sucked.  I have experienced better. (insert farting noise here)
It's Wal-Mart. You know they place where you get vegetable oil, batteries, condoms, a slip and slide, and fresh Bananas with no one batting an eye. You may love it, you may hate it, this location is no different. Generally friendly staff and decently clean.
I like the fact the food came out so fast once ordered! & especially during the lunch hour! Staff was friendly & helpful. The & lunch specials were good portions & great price!
The entire staff was very helpful. We came with a group of 6 and all enjoyed ourselves and the service provided. James was our instructor and I am very glad he was. Make sure you ask for him! He is also very funny!
Always a good choice for some delicious food! Been coming here for the past year and a half, never once have I been disappointed. It does get pretty busy around lunch so plan ahead when going for a work day run.
For the price you pay, you get a decent amount of food and he was quite tasty.\nWe ate traditional gyros as well as salad and it was delicious.  The salad had lemon juice in it and it was great.\nI was pleasantly surprised and will deff go back.
Staff was friendly.  the rooms were small, but sufficient. It was clean and comfortable.   Breakfast was excellent and staff very friendly and helpful.  Internet and WiFi was free and powerful and reliable.  centrally located.  near the Edinburgh castle and downtown.  I would stay here again and again!.
Beautiful new offices at 40th street and Campbell, but apparently their clocks don't work. Just sat there for 60 minutes past my 8:45 am appointment time, and no one saw me. Had to leave for a meeting. If I was in customer service there, I would remind the doctors that their customers' time is more valuable than their own.
Just average for me, nothing really sticks out for me in this place other then its walking distance.
Best thing about the place is the roasted chicken, Ive had better . The sides are nothing to write home about. Hummus is awful watery and tastes like its from a can and the feta salad needs help too....
Probably the nicest fluffy/ crunchy mix for croissants in montreal. Very fresh and wonderful buttery aroma
All time favorite family favorite Sushi! Our three favorites, Kiss of Fire, Loca Special, Put Your Hands Up. I am very picky about the freshness of my fish and I have never been disappointed.
Great, fun place. Good food. Nice atmosphere. Very reasonable prices. Good-sized portions. Highly recommend on a first date, spouse date or for a big birthday celebration.
Had the pad Thai noodles, chicken satay, and eggplant dish. The spicy peanuts and mister made the experience so awesome.
Standard Chinese food for a low price.
Make sure your phone has a good charge for the wait in line, but the sandwiches are pretty on point.
I had the California Burger. It was good but not excellent, and certainly not the best burger in Madison. I went with three other people and they agreed. We should have went to Five Guys.
Little Cleo's made our anniversary so special!  Food was great but even better was the staff.  Brooke was sweet and considerate, remembering it was our anniversary and even brought us champagne and a special dessert!
I tried this place for the first time last Sunday and it was amazing. My friend and I are going back today to have brunch again. I love the fact that the one owner walks around helping his staff and talking to people that come.
Business is closed. Signs at front indicate its for sale & phone is disconnected
I had the Salmon on the menu.  It was pretty good, the service was good but I can't say it earns a 5-star out of me.
We headed to Lon's last night for a client dinner and the weather was perfect. We sat outside on the gorgeous patio - luxurious but laid back. The service was great and the food was as well. I had the short ribs and seasonal vegetables. The short ribs were amazing, as were the baby carrots.
It's okay.... It's a grilled cheese sandwich......  Employee was nice.
Awesome breakfast burritios, absolutely killer.  The coffee isn't bad either.
Good shoes but employees really have bad attitude and do not want to help you. Rather buy online then deal with them and it smells Bad.
This food is not good at any price. The service was also bad (a bit rude and void of thought and care). My food clearly sat under a hot plate for a looong time. My wife sent her food back (and never does that). Avoid this restaurant.
Steak cooked to perfection.
I dont normally post any reviews for anything. As a matter of fact i even forgot my password to my yelp acct. The service is so fcken shitty here i actually went through the resetting of password process to post this.
A dive bar no doubt, but a good one. The Mug Club is fun and makes this dive worth the visit. Chug an Old Style and remember your number to get your Mug Club membership card back. Good stuff.
pretty girls but no lollipop selection.
I love Papa John's but just not at this location.\n\nLike the others have said, the \"crust\" is too fluffy and not crispy. I normally look forward to dipping the crust in the garlic sauce, but didn't bother this time. So very disappointed with this place.
Good food, good happy hour.  Kinda of a trendy see and be scene Scottsdale place.  I do enjoy their patio on the canal.
Dull, boring, predictable, bland, not even average at best. Have been hearing about this place for awhile and gotta say why the hype? There are so many places around the entire Phoenix area that serve this same kind of food that are average or better. I say try another and skip this one.
I love this place, great food and atmosphere, but on my last visit wasn't impress with new addition to menu
Worst breakfast buffet I have seen.  Ever.  The service was fast and polite.  The food was terrible. Some of the selections on the steam table, I could not tell what it was. \n\nI was in day after Christmas, maybe I got them on a bad day.
Furniture is actually not bad, but is clearly IKEA. Meaning you'll know when you see it in other people's houses. Lots of cheap houseware type things too. I came this last time to rummage the free parts bin for an extra bed frame I had, that we lost the parts for.
Discovered this shop while doing a search on Yelp, family and I were in town for the weekend.\nMy Husband went in for his usual cut (see pic attached) and they did a great job, very professional and love the old feeling this saloon has! Wish they had a location in San Diego!
I'm glad they're closed! The last time I was there they were putting water in a tiny glass. I wanted a larger glass of water as the waitress wasn't filling it fast enough but she refused telling me the larger glasses were for purchased drinks like soda. So obnoxious. Gee what a surprise you didn't last!
Review is for the staff and not the food. Unfortunately every time I dine here our reservation is lost and the staff does not compensate in anyway. The hostesses are rude and offer no apologies causing us to give up on trying to dine here anymore.
Ehh...wasn't too impressed with this place.  If you're a real vegetarian, I wouldn't recommend this place -- I paid $37.77 (18% gratuity included) and basically only had the salad and some roasted potatoes.  Nottt worth it!
Worst rudest experience, we were treated  with distain,like we were a burden on them for asking for service or questions! walked out never would give them a second chance we were amazed!
Classic atmosphere.\nPittsburgh can feel like New York?\nWell, thank God for that.
The food is OK, but what do you expect for a chain restaurant.  The enchilada sauce tasted like it came out of a can.
wanted to like this place but their hamburger made me sick.  :(
Best tacos I've had in Pittsburgh!
I didn't even make it to the doctor, the staff was so incompetent I couldn't bring myself to trust the doctor with anything.
Food was good but endless frys is a lie. Once served. waitress never returned untill it was pay time. It wasn't even busy...
One of the best pho places in town!!  The owners are very friendly and service is good.
Great locals place to hang out and have a great beverage!    They have milkshakes, teas, and coffees.  I'd suggest to stick to the teas and coffees.   The atmosphere is cool and Holley seemed very nice!
Bad service, they literally sprayed me and my friends in the face w a spritzer bottle over 'bad chi' . Rediculous!
Great food. Not very expensive.
Honestly, this is the worst Japanese restaurant that we have ever been to. Food was so crappy......it is not Japanese food at all. I don't know what that was, e.g. the coconut shrimp, I couldn't eat shrimp anymore after that........holy crap!
You must try the roti canai appetizer!
A chef and her assistant on fire, a wonderful host, great people and on top of that, amazing food and atmosphere that let you easily forget that freezing Sunday night. What else could I possibly say about that awesome event except that it really was awesome?!
Once again I dragged myself out of the house on Saturday to buy vac bags. And once again they are closed. Good family owned business, but call before you waste the time and gas.
Best customer service around.  Always smiling and well informed regarding nutrition for your pup.  Have three dogs(border collie, mut, and leonberger) and the employees there know so much about what's best for each breed.
14 bucks for a meatball hero. Unreal. Walked out with my hands over my head....completely robbed. Place sucks.
My all time favorite sandwich place!
I have seen Tiffany for a little over a year and she has been my saving grace for my nails! Such a sweet and outgoing women! The salons energy is upbeat and extremely fun! All of the staff is efficient and friendly. I was in love with this place from the first time I went! Outstanding!
Very typical strip mall-ish take out joint. Nothing special at all. Service is minimal and its obvious they just want to get your money and you to get out ASAP. Food was overcooked quite a bit and just not good.
Awesome space. Bartenders & staff were super nice! Excited to see the venue when I'm not so busy NERDY DANCING...
They get 5-stars because they have gluten-free pizza!! I usually get their Mamma Spinato's signature pizza. It's wonderful! Like nothing I have ever tasted before.\n\nTheir wait staff is always good and very efficient. It's always crowded so try not to go at peak times.
Has Malayasian and Chinese Cuisine. Good service, I thought that the Sarong Bourong was awesome, but everything else I have ever had is just good. Great place to grab lunch.
I recently rented a house through rice real estate. Heidi was very professional and everything was handled promptly and hassle free! If your looking to rent a house look no further than rice real estate!! Thanks again.
Our server Chris was awesome from the start!! Had the bcc carne asada fries and mini chimis they were amazing so good and the prices for those and 2 kids meals was so low!! Defiantly coming back.
WHAT A  DIVE !!! exactly what I was looking for !!  The waitress was fun and the food was good. The strombolis are the star of the menu but the mac and cheese wedges are the ultimate white trash gold, a MUST HAVE. Cant wait to go back
35 minutes... No food. You be the judge.
Fantastic food and definitely expensive for anywhere except vegas. They're not really set up for kids, but they really did their best. Friendly, attentive staff. Oysters sampler was great, scallops delicious and halibut was very good. The kids split an order of the chicken and that was really fantastic
Over priced at $21.99 per person.  Food is gross . . . extremely noisy . . .kids running around like it is a playground.  I will never set foot in this place again.
Update: minus one star. The lunch special changed and you now need to pay $3 extra for miso soup. They also forgot to put in my sisters order.  They don't have the dessert that I used to order.  Fried green tea ice cream is no longer on the menu.
Great place to do business. Very reliable and courteous group of people work here. I highly recommend them. Also, Lincoln is a great car.
Loved the food...I had pancakes and corned beef hash...will be coming here from now on!
Had the potstickers and pad see ewe. Both were amazing.  Price is awesome and portion size is great for the price.  Highly recommend this restaurant.
One of my favorite circle K s to watch for crazy things
This used to be a great antiquing district.  However, things are slowly closing up and great finds require a lot more searching.  I'd still give it a try for that random, obscure, cliche type antique, but not for the discovery of a life time.
Delicious breakfast
So I finally got a chance to go here for the first time, and YUMMY is the word to describe this joint. My advice get the challah French toast.   My Wife got an omelet it was really delicious too. I need to come back and try the Amanda Burrito.
Always a good time @ Native New Yorker, the beer is always a deal, the service here at this NYY is always great, NIkki is the best bartender by the way, and you just cant beat the specials.  Just give it a try!
I wish I had no taste buds like those people that left a 5 star review. I'm better with sharing my dog food
Great food. The Greek salad with grilled chicken on top is great. I have also gotten the chicken pita, hummus & your choice of normal or seasoned fries. I have never gotten a bad meal.
Had a delicious, large Cobb salad for lunch.  A little pricey, but very good.
my eyebrows are impeccable! i cannot believe it! i honestly never thought that i could have them looking so similar! u know the saying, your eyebrows are sisters...not twins? well i may just have to disagree!
Dr Taffet is awesome., great surgeon.  The exam office is lacking but sufficient and saves money.  I don't know About prices because of Insurance and I don't care.  Who cares about the rest as long as the doctor is competent!
If you are looking for really tasty sushi I wouldnt recommend this sushi. The food is OK, but the drinks were really good! I really enjoyed the atmosphere and martinis, but not my favorite sushi! It is a good place to socialize so I would consider coming again.
pretty good steak.
DeMarco's is OK... a little pricey for dinner.  Their pizza is TINY.  Their lunch buffet is a much better deal.
Save your money...super rude drivers and brain dead cashiers.  They were absolutely the worst experience.  I'll pay more. Do not use these people. They need to be put of business.
This place is a little overpriced for its value. I've been here a couple times now, and the food is edible but not the best. Way overpriced for the taste. The french fries here are always really hard. More like potato chips then actual fries. The burger is ok, but really rough.
Great dinner!  The service was great and the Chicken Martorano was fantastic!
I tried the lobster burrito it was good not great, The beans not too good , next time I will just get the burrito. Kinda pricey 32$ for 3 people.
UPDATE:  The company has been in touch with me to resolve this situation and are scheduled to make the repairs while i'm at the house next saturday.  I will provide another update once those repairs have been completed
Very unprofessional and rude. Acted like he was doing me a favor to replace a water heater. Had enough and got someone else to do the job. As a small business owner, I know if I treated my clients like this, I would have no clients.
This was a nice in a lifetime treat.  I've been shooting for a long time and the professionalism of the crew is above all.  Our firearms were in great shape, clean and worked outstanding.  Shan't to learn about firearms and proper use? Go to battlefield in Veges.
Nothing good to say. One of the drivers almost hit my car on street. When we stop , almost side by side, he opened his mini van door and he started saying things to me. What kind of philosophy have this company ??? Probably rude and unprofessional people.
I had their Reuben, and it was juicy, tender, and unique. I will definitely come back for more and possibly try their dessert next time.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! We went there for the first time last year and now that we are back in Vegas, I can't wait until Wednesday when it opens so we can go get our food on. Very authentic and the servers are attentive and friendly. You won't be disappointed.
Delicious Turkish food, in specious traditional decorate . Clean and have multiple choices .try Saj and boreks .
Recently had them come out to do a pre summer check on my A/C. Were very polite over the phone and in person. Will use next time :-)
Awesome programming for children's theater! They also run acting classes for children on weekends and during summer camps. My child has participated numerous times and we've seen incredible progress in his talent and skills.
Really, really slow......
Very limited hours.
Stoles it! I got the coconut shrimp which was amazing. The shrimp is huge! And I had the lobster, shrimp and crab sandwich which was awesome. However, the fries that went with it were average.
Joe Milano is the best tailor/alterations specialist in the Vegas valley hands down. He made the dress my wife worn to her son's wedding look like a custom made gown. Great personality to boot. Go see Joe-you won't be sorry!
The spicy boneless pork ribs are one of my favorite dishes of any mexican restaurant I have been to.  Easily a pound of meat in a zesty sauce covered in melting cheese.  The margaritas however suck.  Zero tequila
All i have to say is the hummus and chicken appitizers are my meal. I go there with my friend and co-worker Angie and thats what we ordered. Would like to have a beer during work hours- but I refrain. Go there.
Has all your basic needs, they also sell hookahs and hookah tabacco & coals.
Excellent place for lunch or Dinner.  Every food option is great and the employees are well trained.  The manager Eddie is super cool too and he always makes sure you have a great experience.
HAPPY !\nSampled a few flavors all checked out well and ordered Gelati's \nYum yum Delish!
One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas - great food, but a little more casual and a little less wallet busting than a lot of other big name restaurants in the area.  Been here at least 6 or 7 times and have never been disappointed.  You can also order food packed up to go if you want to eat in your quiet hotel room.
This specials' price is higher than pictures in their profile on yelp\nCheapest is now $6. Still reasonable. and comes w milk tea for dine in. Food is just your typical HK style restaurant. not the cleanest but for the prices it is a OK.
Great pizza, very unique menu. Service was good even with a restaurant full of people. They could maybe use a little more help clearing off tables during the lunch rush, but that's a minor quibble. Definitely recommend!
Lets just start off by saying that alumni is a gem. And don't let the size of the shop fool you they'll have everything you need.  From skate wheels to watches they have you covered. And with their selection of high quality goods you should find that something you need.
The wings are great! I prefer the hot wings.\n\nThe rest of the menu varies. Sometimes their burgers are really good, but it seems it changes sometimes..\n\nThe wings are always good, though.
This has got to be me and my girlfriend's favorite place to go. The food is fresh and is priced very nicely. Just a great atmosphere. I love all of there sandwiches, soups, salads. Especially there Greek Salad. Never had a bad experience at Paradise Bakery.
So bad!  There now. Everything is over salted.  Meatballs okay. Overall = LAME
The best gelato shop Ive ever been to. I dont want to eat at any other place ever again. Im trying to convince them to build one in my garage.
I bought my car at the Scottsdale location so I can't comment on the sales staff.  But I have brought it here for service a couple of times and they were a-ok.
Fun place!  easy in and out and fun to just take some time with friends to relax.
I 100% agree with Alex N. It wasn't that the fish was bad it was more like the whole thing felt like the McDonald's of a \"chic sushi restaurant\".
Alfredo pasta is out of this world! Good ambience. Live music. Garlic bread is good. Highly recommend.
I went to their new location in Peoria and the barber manny was awesome. Line me up so good and cut the top perfectly. Can not complain. Finally no more super cuts
Extremely disappointed with their service.  I paid for a detail that ended up being just a wax of the exterior.  The guy outside selling tells you what you want to hear, but then they don't deliver.  I would not recommend them.
They need to fire the doormen that they currently have. I was denied entrance because the asshole thought that my ID was fake. I showed him additional identification and he still denied me.
Good Pho, but people are not that friendly.  Bathroom needs a good cleaning, also.
This location has a strange two-register system... depending on when you come in the staff are either awesome or really slow.
The place definitely has an antiquated feel to it if you're into that sort of stuff. Is it a good place to study? Yup. The bathrooms are pretty small though.
Typical downtown Starbucks -nice seating and the fact they have free wi if is always a good thing! Within walking distance of businesses very. Busy-friendly staff and always accurate orders with fresh ingredients
They are very unprofessional .. My appointment was at 4:30 and they took me in at 5:15.. I will never go back ..
Food here is amazing!!  From the presentation of the food to flavor of the different meats, you can tell the expertise of the chef that prepared it!  Just awsome food period!\n\nHighly recommend everyone to try the pork belly bao its very tender with great flavor!
Still one of my all time favorite places to eat!!! I now live in New York City and haven't found anything like Pizzaiolo. This place is a real treasure!
Prime rib is really cheap here. Taste wise it was okay. Mashed potatoes was good. Green beans no so much. Forgot to give the free beer they claim to give you. \nNew York steak was okay for price. Not too great though. Not much to say about that.
Cuts are ok but service just brings this place down. Barber's get there wheneever they feel like it and don't bother speeding up if the place is busy. If you are not one of the first there, be ready for a 2+ hour wait.
This airport has a part that was recently redone and that section is beautiful. The older part of the airport is, well, old. And it's noticeable. Lousy restaurants and not much else that's exciting.
My favorite breakfast in Vegas. I'm a local. It's greasy but the portions are great and the service is always A1
Limited choices of breakfast.   And our orders came in cold. They seemed to run out of people to clean the tables.  My friend added that they always run out of coffee.  I mean, it is definitely not place to start your day but a place for emergency.
I was lucky enough to tag along for a tasting menu experience before we all went upstairs for the club. Since they just kept bringing stuff out, I couldn't tell you what I had...but it was all awesome! They brought out a \"shot tree\"...whatever was in it is dangerous! It was all delicious
In Harras casino we went for lunch because it was not super pricy like a lot of the places around it the food was mediocre at best not great but not bad either.
Went there for the first time today and was extremely happy. Food was excellent and the lady who helped us was very nice.
The food has always been consistent when we come here. Best of all, it gets to you fast, hot, fresh AND CORRECT. I am always amazed when we go, sit down and order, how quickly my order gets to my table. Great place.
The park is pretty clean and spotless. I would say great place for children bcoz they have carousel, playground, and little train ride. However, this place is not for adults bcoz there is nothing to do in here.
An average grocery store. I enjoy the diversity of their products and the prices are really reasonable on meats and produce. It always seems a little messy but they are always crazy busy so I totally understand. The employees have always been extremely pleasant and helpful.
Had a shirt taken to them to be serviced three times, and still they did not dry-clean it. I would hav been better off doing it myself in my sink at home.
Unfortunately, this place isn't as good as it used to be, which is sad because it's convenient to a lot of places I have to go when I'm in the area.
Happy Hour everyday from 2-4 a must do here in Phoenix, I go for the onion rings, drinks and Ice Cream treats. The burgers are ok too, but my fave Sonic meal is breakfast.
I listen to this station throughout the day, but transplanting from Sacramento in Vegas it was nice to be able to listen to Mark and Mercedes. I think they are hilarious and it is not the normal morning talk show that just babbles...
Typical chain.
Awful experience.  Average food and service does not make up for one of the worse dining experiences of my life.  Beware if you expect to spend more than an hour eating.  They'll ask you to leave.  They don't need to worry - we'll never return.
Pretty nice airport.  I like how the terminals are set up and all connected.  The area by my gate was really crowded and didn't seem to have enough seating, but everything else was good.  And I love the views of the desert mountains from the terminal.
Service was a tad sketchy. Had to ask a few times for coffee. Maybe he was in the weeds. But wondered if we just didn't look like decent tippers. That would be a shame.\nI've always enjoyed the food here though.
I have tried The Buffet in Wynn, and the buffet in Mandalay Bay, both of them are good. But the buffet in Caesars is definitely the best! But the price is a little higher than others. $45.39 per person, tax included.
Bad service. Spoke with the person that runs the place and got hung up on. Will never deal with them again.
The cheesecake guys are the best. The cheesecakes are so great. foods and drinks are even better. the big problem is that you have to always wait and I hate that. even during weekdays that are not over crowded they keep you waiting for at least 10 minutes unless you only come here for lunch.
I thought this was going to be unbelievable food boy was I disappointed.  It taste like someone opened a can of Chef Boyardee/
Unfortunately Katie is no longer here I sure do miss her it's not the same.if anyone knows where she went I would appreciate the info.
Went here after encountering a huge lineup at gourmand.  Decent food, I'd happily eat it again.  The service is slow and lacking though.
Disappointed in the food. The items we ordered were flavorless. Our orders were brought out wrong. Our server was seriously super slow. On the flip side the place is rather nice with a huge outdoor patio. Unfortunately, I do not foresee myself returning here.
Cool fireplace on the patio. Very open feel inside. Small portions on the pasta for what you pay. Donuts for dessert...deelish.
Compared to other clubs in vegas this was aight.
Dark and old school, in the best way possible. Reliable bar, fairly reliable kitchen and any problem (on the rare occasion there is one) is resolved without delay or question. \n\nBe sure to check out the well managed wine list -- or skip it and go directly for generously sized martinis.
Endivias con queso de cabra y naranjas VERY yummy, Best Fried Dates I've had, manchego apple salad was tasty. Lobster Paella was disappointing. Great service! I will be back!
I can't find a more perfect iced Americano. Enough said.
Same Quality that most other panda express' have. Line moves quickly and always get free samples if you want to try something new. Parking lot is a little crowded depending on what time you go. But thats everywhere.
Miss this place, and that cute lil redhead that works there too! :)\n\nAmazing Bloody Mary's.\nReally yummy french onion soup--it has a crepe in it!\nBeautiful ambiance...just adorable.
I'm absolutely disgusted, blatant disregard for tenants' well-being. The management here needs to wake up and smell the roses!
I've never had to run out of somewhere fearing that they'd come and chase us down but this place was just horrible.
Great service and good food. Check it out.
Highly recommended. It has been the softest and most delicate texture halibut we have ever had. The pasta was fresh and just delicious. \nMost romantic restaurant ever. Beautiful!
How are you out of tofu for the miso soup? Ugh! The sushi is a little on the pricey side (at least a dollar more per roll than similar places) but it's the only sushi spot on the boardwalk so I've been here more times than was warranted by the quality of the sushi.
Bull shit customer service. Although I still go 3 times a month. Bull shit. Customer service. \nOh and did u know: you cant bring pastries or any outside food into this place? Even though you order like five things. Lmfao. \nI need to find a new place. -.-
Great tacos for cheap !!
Best sushi in town! The restaurant itself isn't high end, but the food is amazing! Worth a try, I promise!
Great Service.  Gyro Picado was a fine pita sandwich,  Very few jalape\u00f1os in the mix, heavier on the green bell peppers.  Will try another sandwich if I come back.
Brought my truck in for a wash and their machine ripped my spoiler off. I was there for 2 hrs while they repaired it, and still needed to come back the next day so they could finish. Horrible service.
Went here for a dance competition. This place saved my life basically because they had amazing air conditioning. Most venues for dance competitions get really musky but this one wasn't that bad. The rooms are huge and can fit like over a hundred people in each.
Not sure why they didnt do a good job. Took my Westie there and cut was choppie and uneven, even his eyebrows were uneven. They shaved his behind and know his backside is pink and looks like a baboon's backside :(  wont be going there again.
Only if you are in Vegas on a budget would this place be acceptable.  \n\nPros-\n- Cheap \n- Lots of food\n\nCons-\n- Assembly line\n- Low quality food
Great service and super friendly staff. Very family friendly office as well (there is a kids room with toys and such to keep the kids entertained during your visits to the office). Mike and his team are incredibly professional and cover a wide range of services. I would definitely recommend him to all your insurance needs!
The food, service, and price was great. As a newbie to Thai food, so far this is one of my favorites.
Not the best sushi I've ever had but it was cheap and there was a large variety. At between $1 and $3 for each tapas-sized serving, you can try several things without breaking the bank. The conveyor belt is fun too. A hidden gem in the Arrowhead area of Glendale but worth seeking out.
Short review here.\n\nHalf price rolls on Wednesday. Yes!\nWere they good? Yes!\nWould I return? Yes!
Considering it's one of  the busiest airports in the US, it's pretty damn good. It's clean and signage is clearly marked. It IS big. Like I said above, it's BUSY. If you are too lazy to walk to your concourse I think you've got bigger problems my friend.
Italian DISASTER!  This place promotes itself as if it is bigger than it is, so they stuff you in the bar to wait then cram you around a table in the cramped dining room.  Family style?  Not my family.
Really comfortable seating! And you can bring in delicious wood fired pizza from Five50 Pizza Bar that right around the corner.
The single most incompetent cable company in America. I can't wait for someone to recognize how weak the Phoenix cable/internet market is.
This place has horrible service! That's straight to the point! Never coming here again!!!! Not worth the aggravation!!
See other CM review... they all rock.\n\nPlease open one in ATL.
Nice small local casino.  Went there to check out there beer.  It was pretty good.
Outstanding happy hour and fantastic food.  This is a regular place for me and my husband, visiting 1-2 times a week.  The \"local\" margarita is by far my favorite, not too sweet!  The grilled Ono taco is also my favorite thing on the menu! :)
Domino's Pizza is nothing special, but it is not bad either. People seem to still consider this inexpensive pizza though, but it is far from that. I don't mind eating their pizza, but I wouldn't recommend it as being a good deal. There are several places that you can find better tasting pizza at for the same price.
Just wrote a tip.  The food is great.  Service not so much.    Couldn't get ice tea refill.  Time to stop and take care of tables. :/
This review is for the pet daycare. Price is right but I was appalled that dogs had to go potty on the tile floor on which they played; that is not right and not a good thing for animals to think they can do. I will never use this facility again; there should be an outside source for this necessary function.
The staff has been sucking really bad recently.
This is the best spot in the Air Park. Why? They are arguably the best brewery in AZ, the food is pretty DG, and it's close to my work. Why have twin peaks when you can have four? BOOM case closed you should eat here if you're reading this.
Had the most amazing dinner with my wife on her birthday!\nThe sirloin was the best I've ever had, and I recommend the cheesecake for a after dinner desert.
Unbelievable!  Huge portions of an incredible eclectic mix of food. When they warn you of large portions, think double what you have in your mind. \n\nFull bar with great Margaritas too.
I enjoyed eating here, it was very little so it felt a little bit crowded but the food was awesome, and the wine selection is amazing! I will be going back!
It's Buca Di Beppo.  Its not great its not bad.  What else can you say about the place?  The place is great for groups but food is just so so.  Disappointed that not even a small happy bday dessert given to a 11 year old birthday girl after they sing happy birthday.
One of the best buffers in Vegas.
I still love our pool fence, a year after it was installed. No sign of rust or peeling paint, and the fence has held up well, despite my 3YO's constant slamming of the gate!
Meh is right. Came to this venue for the Sensation White Event and was horrified by the set up. The employees had no idea where anything was and nothing was labeled. Even the bars were tough to come across. Overall they really needed to step up their game considering tickets were going for @250 a piece.
This food was disgusting! I would rather have eaten at MCDONALDS!\n\nBad combination of ingredients! I have no idea why this place has 4.5 stars!
Becky and Tia were amazing. They were on time, polite, professional and attentive from beginning to end. The massage treatment my wife and I received was just what we needed and a fantastic ending to an already great valentines day.
Great park! Love walking there and doing stuff.  Tennis courts and disk golf are awesome. Only downside is losing a disk to eastern or a homeless guy.
This place is walking distance from my office. I eat here maybe once a month. The food is good and consistent. It's not great Mexican food but it's better than some. My only reason for less stars is due to the higher prices they now charge. The food just isn't worth the higher costs to get more stars.
The customer service is appalling. This place on a scale of one to ten, its a \"ZERO\" The food is greasy and Management does not give a crap!!!! They think its OK to treat customers like trash. This place is a dump !!!!
Great sushi and always fresh.  I eat sushi regularly and consider my self very luck to have found this place.  The are make accommodations such as no rice  and turn rolls into hand roll. Some of the best sushi I have had since moving out west.  Highly recommend it!
The girls are very knowledgable! I had an amazing time at my consultation. Definitely ask for Jen when you walk in!
Sports bar with a Fantastic hh menu. Loved the steak bites and saut\u00e9ed shrimp. Showed up in time for the CFB Super Bowl so rowdy with live music at half time. Great stop on the circuit
The food is absolutely average.  The service is not quite that good.  But it is one of those places that distributes buy one/get one style coupons.  If you have a coupon....what the heck.
Best Happy Hour!!!  Half price drinks (except shots) and select appetizers.  Friendly staff.
Great people with great service.
I ordered cold noodles with sashimi to go, but when I opened it at home, who can tell me where is the fuck sashimi?!!!!
If you like everything over cooked then The Devils Advocate is your place. I came here with two friends and our fries, onion rings, hamburger buns and hamburger patties were all over done. And the water tastes terrible. The only reedeeming quality was the plethora of different NCAA football games on Saturday
Dillon was our server and he was excellent. I would request him if I went there again. I don't live here so will not be going back any time soon. It's Olive Garden, you know what you're going to get. If you've been to one...
I love this place. It has a great variety of organic produce at a reasonable price!! They also have a great vitamin and supplement section and a great juice bar and section to order your food. Every time I go in I feel more dedicated and determined to live a healthier lifestyle!
This hotel is a good value if you are just looking for a place to sleep. It's an older hotel in need of some repairs. However, the room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the water pressure was great.
Looks MUCH better inside than out.  Fast, delicious food at a great value.  Could have spent the day just enjoying the soup that came with the lunch special.
Delicious veggie burger and frites!  This reminds me of an old Chicago steakhouse from decades past, and some of the decor seems deliberately retro.  Good wine offerings here.  Prices are getting north, but it is a nice place in a nice area so no surprise.
Crowd and wait can be tough at dinner.  Lunch is usually quick, especially if you order at the counter.  Parking can be awful.\n\nYou will enjoy this place so much more on \"off hours\".  \n\nPizzas:  the way to go, for sure.
10-28-2011\n\nFill-Up before returning to California.\n\nUnleaded $3.54gal....\n\nWould have been OK... except for these transients (with Cell-Phones) begging for change!
average sushi very nice servers. this place has potential if only they hired a better chef. but what else can you expect? i walked in with these expectations and i got exactly what i came for. do you honestly think you can expect better sushi with the kinds of businesses nearby?
Always a good time. Table and bar service better than most bars/lounges/night clubs in Vegas.
Great staff - very friendly and the only reason I give this a two. \n\nThe food was horrible and twice as much as your typical Denny's. Most people in Vegas were still nursing their hangovers so getting seated was no problem... so that's another plus
seriously overrated! only thing good was customer service
Big thumbs up for this place. Great spot for burgers and dogs!
I've been a few times and was very pleased with every experience. The food is good, prices are fair and the service is solid. No real complaints.
The Ultimate Burrito experience! My 1st time  here and many more to come. The Burritos are are delicious and generous. This small little gem in St Henri is brought to you by the same owners as Blackstrap. I was def in my element with the small cozy atomsphere.
It's in-n-out burger. You can't go wrong!
Went here for dim sum and was very pleased with the selection and the food was very tasty.  Price was very good. We ate a lot and the bill was very reasonable. I have had dim sum at Great Wall and Mekong Palace and in my opinion C-fu is better.
If you want to feel like your really going to a boutique optometrist and have lots of eye glass selections this is the place. My drastic difference than most places in las Vegas.
Stick to the drinks, I don't recommend eating there.  Expensive food that is not worth the money.
The ice is bad. This place is run down.Some of the instructors need to remember that the customer pays money for lessons therefore pays their salary so they should loose the attitude!!! That goes for pretty much everyone that works there.The Ice Den is soooooo much better.
Just had a Brazilian wax done. This studio is great, quick easy and ridiculously inexpensive. $20 for your first Brazilian and $30 after that! Such a great deal. Nice studio, clean and the staff are all very helpful and friendly. I'll definitely be a regular!
Not my best Panera experience. But I'll always love me some Broccoli Cheddar Soup... I mean if this Panera has any bread bowls. And why the dinner rolls? And needs to update and get the self order machines.
Good amount of ingredients, long wait, and small amount of food. This place is o-k, for 9$ I could get full anywhere else. But the tablet ordering device was really cool, and so was my server. Try it out !
I had a good massage, pretty much effective at the last few minutes. I still got my back pain but it's not that bad anymore. I will be back for another session and see if it works all good and  Ill give a 5 star .
Never had any problems with clothes shrinking and it rivals the quality of more expensive counterparts. We even bring our laundry from California when we visit. No one can touch the price of $1.75 per piece for dry cleaning or laundry. Only other thing I noticed is the occassional gasoline smell on dry cleaned clothing.
Ann Marie was so helpful! She was quick to return my phone call and help me with my order. She recommended an arrangement for me and was prompt with delivery! I will definitely keep her in mind for the future.
The place was really close to getting a 5. But one thing was stopping me from giving it a 5. The bathrooms looked gross. But the food is spectacular! The pepperoni pizza was typical. The prices were really good!
Not too bad, but I have to said If I have to pay the same money to go there again I guess not . Service was poor . Food was ok .
Overpriced.  In all fairness, I got take out, so I wont knock them for presentation.  However, quality was fair at best. Possibly just a bad dish (chicken kabobs)?.....doubt it.   I guarantee the dish (including sides) was reheated and cooked earlier this week.
My fav late night breakfast spot. Not busy & waitress is alone but on point. Always remembers what I had. Very relaxing & food comes out good.
Ah, this place is nostalgic. \nI remember always going into this place as a little girl and picking out the candy I wanted. They have a lot of \"throwback\" items such as the wax bottles and UFOs (with the candy pieces inside). Convenient and cool.
Very pricy and food is ok. I prefer these take out place around Atwood better.
It's a wonderful place for a relaxed pedi and gel sets !! Excellent  job on gels and the waxing is prefect !!  Great price too\nNancy busch
WOW!. What a angry man. I was 2 days late with bringing the tux back and he calls me screaming and told me there was a late fee. I said fine , its ok , calm down i don't mind paying the fee. He threatened me. Crazy man.
First off, they don't even deliver! Wtf!! Pizza is hands down the worst in surprise. Ate there once and that was enough for us. Service was horrible. Dominos is way better
All you can eat sushi!!!  \nThis is a review from someone who does not eat raw fish but loves sushi :)\nThey had a good selection of choices, and they weren't acting like they were afraid that you would order too much.\nThe service was good and we were happy.
Great local place.  Chicken sandwich is the best!
We had to wait a long time just to get water then 20 mins for food to come to the table. Food was very pricey and very bland. Would not recommend this restaurant.
The restaurant is lavishly decorated with Thai culture motif. We ordered the Tom Yum soup spice level very hot and it was a kick - a**. My son even tried it and enjoyed slurping the soup and quickly reaching out for water to drink. We would definitely go back here and eat.
My friends and I went to Triple George for a birthday dinner. Our experience was AMAZING as always. It was my friends first time at the restaurant, and they absolutely loved it! The service was great. Brenda did a wonderful job of making sure everything was perfect for us! Thanks to all the staff for being so wonderful!
I just recently started going to this gym and it's perfect for my daily workouts. I do some cardio and weight lifting in the early morning and I'm always able to do what I need. The only downside is it is a fairly small place, but again, perfect for me.
Went to the h&m at ceasar's palace. Staff and security was rude and snobbish, even towards kids in the kid section! Why do you need security at h&m anyways??
The food was awful, we got shrimp and fillet and oyster combination, it came in a superbig portion, it was terrible, the quality was sooo low. I will not recommend this place to anyone.\n\nPrices are between 35 to 555
I've been going here for years. Pizza has always been good, but owners must have made some changes. Food has gotten better over the last few months. Its nice to see someone cares. Wings were cooked perfectly and they have a new sauce called island style, thats my new favorite especially with blue cheese dressing.
Overpriced possibly a good store for over indulged teens on the loose with their parents credit card.  $150.00 for jeans ok yeah right sorry I  think that is ridiculous I'm too frugal perhaps. I can shop a dept store sale and get for a lot less!
The food tastes good but is extremely bland and so lacks the Indian experience. \n\nThe servers were not a friendly and approachable. However the service was quick.
Surf & turf slider are really good! We had to order more. Pot pie balls were delish! But wAtch out there hot! (Temp)  tacos were tasty but small. Worth the trip
Cheap burgers for a fancy price. Reminded me of those rubber burgers you got in grade school. Not worth the $10 I spent. I won't be going back soon.
So cool! I love video games, so obviously this is my heaven. I wish, badly, that I could own something like this someday. Bottle service includes a seat a their big fancy couches with your choice of some different consoles. AMAZING!! Plus, the bar lights up! How much freaking fun!?!?!
Yummy food! not the most polite waitress....
The fresh berries, yogurt and granola parfait was excellent.  Their standard eggs/hash browns/meat was good too. Nice ambience and good service.
Good food, decent prices.
great burger, love the fries!
Worst service ever. The place just opened and my husband and I went to check it out. The place was empty and still we had to wait and wait for service. The waitress was rude. The food was bad. Pho has too much nutmeg or something. Saigon Noodle is much better.
I was there on night with a few friends and def enjoyed the food the only prob I had was the bun was slightly soggy but food was cooked perfectly and still had a great experience will return again.
Best Mexican food I've found in this town so far. Great chips and salsa bar. Bean dip was good. Had the appetizer sampler. Everything was good. Just wish it was open for lunch.
It just sucks. The line was short because no one was there. There are 3 tables not reserved with only 2 chairs each, if you want to sit there are stairs outside. The key here is to not go. It is small in amenities, reputation and service. Gladly walked out.
Corned Beef Hash and Eggs is the house specialty I'm told and it didn't disappoint. Also friendly house staff, you will always feel like family in this place. Just a quaint respite from the days travels ahead.
Deli fried chicken is decent (when you are starving) and a good deal.  This is pretty much your basic Safeway.
expensive and not even that good and there customer service was not so good i would not return
Room was spacious, ice machine on the 28th floor broken all weekend, hotel workers talking really loud outside our door for 30 minutes a broken key card maker when we checked in and ambivalent front desk and most maids were nice but we met one that was mad that we asked for an extra soap
Allure Nail Salon is a great place to relax and treat yourself to the best mani/pedi in Ballantyne. Everybody is super nice and fun. Enjoyed myself and had a great time. My pedicure was t
I recently just discovered this place & it's amazing! Everything from the food to the smoothies..healthy & delicious! The Chicken Marguerite, Turkey Sandwich & the Just Peachy smoothie are my ultimate faves!
Waited 15 minutes in the drive thru. I will not be back again.
Super veggie pizza. Steve, is always totally friendly. Solid Craft Beer Selection with 10 or so taps.  Why don't they make their apps?..Music is good as well  but they usually have the same groups.  One of my favs in the (51) Corridor.
Mediocre beer, indifferent service. Had a fairly tasteless brown ale, served by a cooler-than-thou waitress. Oh, and not cheap. Outside seating is nice on a summer day though - adjacent to the UQAM campus so nice people watching. Caution - cash only!
Less than expected.  Chicken was crispy on the outside and moist inside, but bland tasting.  I ordered their sauce, but ended up with only ketchup.  Fries were soggy, oily, and horrible.  It took a good 35 min for my food.  Overall, very underwhelming.
Service was great! Food was to unique for me
Absolutely delicious. I loved the sweet and sour pork combo meal. Well worth it.
It's very calm and nice to walk around, but it was dead in the entire area. It was 5pm on a Monday.A lot of stops and restaurants were not open.
I always love olive garden and there endless soup and salad... tried the new  meals not a fan of them but olive garden is a old classic. This one is always busy because its across from the mall so it would be in your best interest to make a reservation if you don't want to end up waiting and hour.
This place is money sucking bullshit. $50 bucks and one song....come on!!! Piano bars need to be a little \"out of the ordinary\" come on guys... Tune up on your skills! Yerrr killinnnmeeee!
I specified no sauce on stir fry vegetables they were sopping.  I specified with a call back after order extra hot mustard no mustard in delivery the soggy vegetables were swimming in the plastic take out bag I called the owner he couldn't have cared less hate this place!!!
This place has really held up against the hype of new club openings in Vegas and it still remains one of my top favorites. Definitely my favorite place for bottle service. The interior is gorgeous and classic, and Tryst seems to consistently attract a more upscale crowd.
My husband and I walked in, stood in the entrance for quite sometime waiting to be seated. Nobody approached us and the only staff we saw was one bartender. We walked away and will never return.
I really love this place and it's even better if you're a Packers fan! The pizza is delicious and the cheese curds are some of the best I've ever had. The owner is super friendly and not only remembers you but remembers your previous order. Go Pack Go! I'm very happy this place opened!
I was warned by a nice lady of the following: dont walk down freemont with an open container. Its a big ass ticket. Be warned my fellow man.
Always greeted by a friendly staff. Prices are reasonable. 2 huge slices and drink with free refills for $5.49.  Pizza is always hot and delicious. Been coming here for years.  I loved the previous owner though.
Food good. Server Michael never mentioned the free included spumanti ice cream \nWe left without it.
The macaroons are sooooooo good! The cupcakes could be a little more gourmet to compete with current cupcakeries. \n\nCon: charge for a cupcake box if you don't buy enough \n\nOverall a great place to go for a sweet treat!!!
Best bagel that I have had so far in Phoenix. I had a simple egg and cheese on An everything bagel and it met my expectations. I went on a Sunday morning and it was chaotic and narrow and hard to get around. That is my only criticism.
Food was good but cold when it came out, was here Sunday for brunch.  Took almost 10 minutes to get a hello at the bar,  first 5 minutes no one was there, then the bartender said literally \"hey I'm Sarah\"and left.  I live close and really want to like BLD but the service is constantly terrible!
Had a very difficult time getting into the hotel between the Valet being full, registration very crowded with only a couple staff working the desk, slow service in the restaurant and lots of early morning noise from the housekeeping group in the hallways.
I've been to Eden, La Vida, and Carmen,Carmen - Art of Massage is hands down the best even though the place itself is not as upscale. Christine is fabulous and knows how to give the best deep tissue massages. Highly recommended!
Stumbled upon this place when looking for some new pizza in north Las Vegas.  The ingredients taste so fresh and their crust is out of this world.  This is a just whenever I have friends visit me in town. Hands down best pizza in Vegas.
We were already at the Cosmopolitan, so we decided to check this place out too. The lounge is open and easily seen and heard with the LED lights and house music. It was a chill place just to grab a drink and hang out for a bit. I didn't get to see any go-go dancers though.
I have a love hate relationship with these people. Love because i pay less for a ticket ( not a great saving tho) and a hate because those ppl that work there are freaking annoying trying to up sell you. But being a business owner i understand.
amazing service & incredible rooms, amenities, facilities. worth every penny, highly recommend! some (not all) of the on-site restaurants are pretty good too...
Great little place. Drinks are a little pricey, but the bartenders are really fun to watch and the atmosphere is really great. We had alot of fun there.
I tried the lunch buffet, most of the items were flavorless and lacked the north indian/ mughlai masala. I think they have a cook from South india which probably explains better south indian dishes.\nThe atmosphere was good. The servers need to dress properly.
I used to love this place. Now dark, depressing and the food is so over priced and has really gone down hill.
Good property that offers a great escape when on business without the generic hotel feel. The setting is fabulous and it's located in good proximity to the airport. Tip: Be sure to request an upgraded room. Service has always been great but the dinner menu is really quite disappointing and the wine selection is even worse!
Food decent,  but service is dismal.  And don't take the beer list at your table to be the truth. It is far from accurate.
I've had some excellent meals here when there were 3 or 4 of us.  I've had two group functions that were  way less than wonderful. I would not entertain having an event for any more than 4 people.  Even 10 people taxed the staff!
My big fat Gyro is so good and don't forget the Greek fries ( with feta and garlic). It makes the meal.\nMy family and I live in Louisiana and whenever we are in Las Vegas we go to Yassou Greek Grill with out fail. Everything is good and the staff is super friendly.
The coffee was excellent but unfortunately the pastry I got was quite stale. It was a honey roll with pecans and was totally unacceptable for a reputedly good pastry shop. I won't be back.
Excellent Pho!   Really good deep tasting broth and all the fixing were delicious.
favorite pizza spot in charlotte but it is pricey
Good sushi at a good price. The stuffed jalape\u00f1o appetizer and the crunchy bay roll were awesome! We called and made a reservation which was probably good since the restaurant is a little smaller.
Came here for my 21 bday and had a chocolate caramel martini! YUMMY! The bartender was awesome! Amazing service and awesome environment! I can't stop thinking about the drink!
I love this place! I've had so many bad experiences in the past with mechanics i just dread going, not anymore though jeff and his guys are awesome i can totally trust them it's officially my number 1 stop when my car is acting up.
I tried this pizza on a Sunday afternoon.  The price was reasonable and the delivery was quick.  The staff member on the phone was polite.  However, the taste was very lackluster.  I have tasted frozen pizzas that taste better.
This is the best, best, best LGBTQ center ever! Come here and meet the wonderful folks and tour the beautiful facilities. \n\nEven if you do not identify as LGBTQ, you can get STD tested for free here. Do it!
Best skateshop to come to the LV area hands down
This Bruggers suffers from very poor customer service. The manager had a terrible attitude! I thought she might even quit her job when I asked for a cup for water. Who wants to start their day like this? Even the 16 year old kids at McDonald's are much nicer in the morning.
The four stars are for the beer. Mr Cormier is a true craftsmen. The wife and I thought the food was unremarkable and somewhat bland. the service was fine.
Not too bad.  Seems just like basic Thai food. Been here a few times and tried about 6 dishes.  All were good but not \"oh my gawd\" good.  The shrimp dish was good I remember that.  The iced tea is gross, get something else to drink.
The place is very hip. Good Hh 3-6 half price starters drinks. Taco plates 15 + ok but wait staff could use some training.  Even bar staff not that on the ball.
The Hooters of steakhouses, which might mean you'll like it or that you'll be kind of ashamed you ate here.
Sheena took some professional pictures for me.  She is great and easy to work with.  Sheena has ideas, but also listens to yours, which makes it for a fun and collaborated session.  She also did a great job editing my pictures, and was flexible with my changes back and forth. I would definitely use her again and suggest her to everyone.
Best gay  bar in phoenix!! (well scottsdale), good music, cheap drinks best drag show on friday nights called Elements see you there!
Awesome!!! I love the special chili sauce condiment they concoct in house. Friendly, great service, super clean. Would go every day if I could!
I was referred to this office by my general doctor to have a cyst removed on my arm. After THREE visits, and an emergency visit to my regular doctor to fix the packing,  I was left with a huge scar. I wish I had never gone.
Expensive, tasteless Japanese food.  There was no flavor in teriyaki salmon, tempura, and California roll. Price was expensive, but I do not expect any less from Vegas.
My gf found a hair in her ahi tuna salad! Never coming back! Get it together Grassroots!
We had the French Toast special for breakfast on July 9, 2014.  Two big pieces of French Toast, two eggs cooked to order, bacon, and sausage for $5.99.  Great deal.  I wish we had found them sooner in our trip.  I would have liked to try more of their food.
Sweet baby Jesus! This was the blandest, poorly served Mexican food in the valley. The meat in the \"mixta\" was a unflavored mess. The waitress saw we ate very little and could of cared less. Old Taco Bell leftovers would have been a treat compared to this experience.
Slow service with a large group. And very poor management. Our group had an issue with the check, and the manager \"was too busy to come out and talk to us.\" That's not customer service.
Green Iron Cleaners is one of my favorite non-food shops in City Scape. Since I work just down the escalator from this dry cleaner, it's easy to bring in my jackets and ties and have them the next morning. The prices are very reasonable considering the convenience of not only being downtown but also in my office building.
At most five inch sub with pre packaged meats and non hygienic food service.  Five bucks for small bottled water.  Overall cost ~$15.  This place leech off of poor tourists. Cheaper and better to eat at Starbucks.   I'm not kidding
worst drive thru design ever
Haven't n\u00e9e neaten here yet.  Service is horrible.  Manager unreasonable.  Waiting with my group where they triaged us by the buffet.  If you have a group larger than 4, avoid this place like the plague.
First time...food was great...can't wait to go to a moes that's not at the airport!
I think one of the best grooming place I've been too. They have the best hospitality a place can have. Johnny is the guy to go to if you are looking for that old school clean look pompadour or combover style. My $30 was well worth it here.
Not a normal steak, but one of my favorites in Pgh.
Asian fare is all about the sauces and the fresh veggies and meat in my opinion. Chin's fails in all three areas. I guess I learned my first Midwest lesson: when in Wisconsin, eat as the Wisconsinites do!!!
Food was sub par. I ended up ordering a salad after trying my wife's steak. Our server seemed to want to get rid of us from the get go. After we ate and had desert she was no where to be found. Sub. Par.
Stop into pp for the first time in many years.  The swamp waters are still great and the bartenders are very good.  On the minus side, loud heavy metal music during badger game seems odd for a sports bar.  Nothing terrible, but nothing that great.
Crap...ever since the place changed owners I ate there 2 times, both times were noodles, soup was watery with no flavors and not enough beef. Won't go there again.
nice spot by the canal, decent food at a reasonable price and good margaritas.
If you're looking for an old-school shaven haircut this is the place!! Tonys great. Highly recommend and will be back again:))
The food was ok, nothing great and nothing bad. The service was ok too. Again, nothing great but nothing bad either. The only thing worth note was we saw our waitress only once. After she took our drink and food order we were taken care of by I assume the  bus boy, and he was fine servicing our needs.
This establishment was dirty, and some of the staff was impolite. I will not be a returning customer and do not recommend this establishment.
I have been to another one of these in northern california and I have to say I was disappointed in my steak. It was charred on the outside and I couldn't cut it with my fork like I normally can. Not a good place to check out in Vegas. I would try another steakhouse.
Okey.
Seriously good food, and great service!  Very authentic,  and they made stuff for our group that wasn't even on the menu!
No bedside manners. He's arrogant and misdiagnosed me. I should have known when the office had no patients
The office canceled appointments on the day of service twice. Very rude service, will not return.
The location is clean and the staff friendly. The personal trainers are top notch. All in shape with a variety of specialties.
It's decent and service is good, but the rooms are just outdated and the AC is noisy. There are many better options in the area as I found later.
Mediocre food, but the outdoor seating is great on a lovely spring day. They also have bottomless mimosas, bellinis and bloody mary's for brunch.
bad coffee\nO.K. food\nthe best part is the rotating gelato bar \nat least it was free becuase we stayed at the vdara and they gave us credit for the buffet
Mediocre for the price.
Really yummy...\n\nService was good.\nFood was great... \nThe Tortillas are made fresh & are so good.\n\nYou gotta try a quesadilla.....mmmmm
I went on a Wednesday and sat at the bar.\n\nFood was ok, wine was priced right, service ok.\n\nPretty solid place to hang out if you don't have high food expectations.\n\nGreat terrace.
Please remove this restaurant, its been closed for months.
This place has great Italian Beef. Definitely get the Giardiera sauce. The owner running the place is really in top of things and brings an east coast flare. I'll be back for sure!  We got the Brownoli to go (Brownies stuffed with Canoli Cream filling).  AWESOME!!
Not worth the visit. It's a tourist store with little to nothing to purchase. They have a Peter Lik picture that they were selling for $16,000, we went to the Peter Lik Gallery at Venetian and saw a brand new one for $10,000.
The filet mignon and lobster mac and cheese was to die for! The James Bond table was pretty awesome too.
This place is great, I've been here a couple times now and the server is always very polite and attentive and unbelievably friendly. Also the food is delicious. I strongly recommend this place.
Al's is classic Chicago.  We went two days after they opened, and the sandwich was just OK.  I'm sure it'll get better as the staff gain experience.
I made a stop on my way back to Chicago and decided to visit a friend in Vegas for the weekend. I always stay at the Four Seasons because their accommodations and services are always white glove!
Great place just to hang out in the morning. The crepes were delicious: the savory and the sweet. I would go again.
Food was good as always but the cooking staff was incredibly rude when we asked for extra peppers. Nothing worse than rude people.
Ate here tonight for first time. Much nicer atmosphere then Hot and Juicy.  Food excellent and spicy.  Had crawfish and wife had shrimp.  Priced very reasonable.  Waitress and bus staff very attentive.\n\nWill definitely be back again.
Ok so this is no seriously pie (for those of you from the pacific northwest) but better than pizza hut!
Amazing!!! Best sushi, best service! They just need to open up the outside patio.
The sushi here is great but the best part was being taken care of by the wait staff. Micah the manager is one of the best. She is one of the main reasons why I keep coming back to kabuki's. Friendly face always with a smile & an attitude you can't help but like. Wonderful place
Worst one I have ever been to. All I order is a Venti Coffee Brew, light ice and soy milk and the order was all wrong. Too long of a line to have them fix it.
Comfortable
Love it.....way better then american coney and far more personable...plus they have faygo!!!!
I was referred to Rusty and Roderic from a friend. They are not only extremely quick, but incredibly reasonable. I had to repeat the quote to make sure I had it correctly. Love the family business. I would recommend these guys to anyone in a heart beat!!
Another brewery stop on my own personal \"baseball & brews\" tour. Definitely worth the drive (we got a little lost!). The beers were really good; naturally, I did a flight. Lights were better than dark, surprising choice for me. My favorite is C.R.E.E.M. ale.
The food was really good, the service was really bad.... Lindsey the FOH Manager took great care us and it wasen't neccessary. Thank You.....
The Indian kid working at the counter asked me if I wanted to get a non-smoking room because the smoking room I reserved \"smelled really bad.\"  Also, some other Indian guy accidentally barged in my room.
I've been coming here for nearly two years now. They are fast and friendly. It's gotta have one of the best views in town...
Decent ambience. Mediocre service. Terrible food. All the meat was overlooked and had no flavor. We ordered fajitas and fundido. They were inedible. I didn't even bother sending them back. Would not return - even if I was starving
God tier food with great customer service. I've never been disappointed by a meal here.
If I can give haft a star I would. Never shop at this Asian grocery since Many more open. Owner and employee alike no manners and nasty. Sorry guys it's the truth.
Such a dirty hotel. Bad experience for sure. Stains on the sheets and filthy furniture. Don't waste your time here. Checked in and immediately left.
For a resturant that is right on the strip, this place was NO DICE. Service was subpar, the servers seemed rushed and flustered at all times and food was... well the same as the rest so I guess that's a plus.
This was one of the most hilarious and hardcore ab working nights I've had in a really really really long time!  \nThe bartender was awesome and kept the drinks coming...  Sorry, can't comment on the food.  \nI'll go back, just for the people watching!
they have good service here. sale people here are good! they let you kno when the sales are comming and show u whats new via email!\n\nsmall selection in the store but they will get you whatever you want if u order!
Its average, there is a lot more restaurants with better philly cheese steak, staff are ok, price is not cheep compared to what you eat. on other hand, it didn't take long to get my order ready.
The ONLY place I buy pizza in Fountain Hills!\n\nHOT-n-READY $5.00 pizza or hot wings...
Best Mexican food & pitcher of Margaritas is a must here!!! Best margarita you will ever have.. Promise!!!
Omg I love the inverter!!!!!
I ordered a tuna sandwich which was very heavily peppered. It wasn't bad, but not something I would order if I knew before hand. They were nice enough to replace the tuna with a chicken salad sandwich. Took them no time at all. The guy was really nice. The sandwich was nothing special but the service was fantastic.
I went to the restaurant for dinner and ordered the sea bass.  It was delicious and it came with a side order of vegetables. I really like this place and will return in the future.
This place was amazing.  It was as if old school Vegas was making a comeback inside.  Everything exuded class and style, and the staff were all very helpful and friendly.  I will seriously consider staying at the Cosmo on my next Vegas visit!
Great cupcakes!
Celebrated a holiday dinner here with some friends. There were about 10 of us so we had a private room. Beautiful restaurant, but the food was disappointing and expensive. I'd go back for dessert & drinks maybe to enjoy the ambiance but would go somewhere else beforehand for dinner.
Stopped here for lunch while I was driving from Tucson to Sedona. Good food (including the tortilla soup) and service, and very pleasant atmosphere. Make sure to spend at least a few minutes before or after to wander around the hotel (the restaurant is located in the Arizona Biltmore) - it is an architectural gem.
Owner is Jesse Cambpell. His businesses are being boycotted by neighborhood pet owners. See the following Facebook page:\n\nhttp://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=87112359242
Let me start by saying that the house red was $17 for a single glass. WOW!\n\nMy guest and I had salads and an appetizer that was only fair but still cost around $60 bucks. But, this is Las Vegas baby.\n\nService was marginal.
The Fremont Street Experience has turned into a dump of nothing more then street beggars, drunks, homeless and thieves.  Not children friendly at all as it is very dirty with a host of inappropriate street performers.  There are so many other places to spend your money!\n\nI will never go there again.
Customer service is extraordinary! First time visiting this shop and we were greeted with a smile. The shop is chill, music is at a respectable level, plenty of seating and just all around a very pleasant experience. I love their juice lines and their knowledge of flavor profiles.
Grab decent sandwiches and gyros, and enjoy live music if it's scheduled.  I was addicted as a student and still enjoy stopping in when I visit C-U, but it's a simple joint.  Right on campus near the quad.
Old packer is now chiefs tavern. Cleaned up remodeled.great food and beer! Very clean.
The P B B & J Crostini is F***ing AMAZING!!!!!! \nToasted baguette with peanut butter, bacon, bleu cheese and jalape\u00f1o jel......\nTO
Love love love. Came here for Easter dinner. Exquisite food sampling a with a phenomenal selection of beer and wine and pristinely warm and attentive service. I will surely be back.
Cool place but it took 45 mins to get a drink at the bar and it wasn't even that busy. There were 2 bartenders and one was too busy watching the girls on stage to wait on customers.
wife drags me here I could do with out for sure
Great atmosphere and a huge place.  They definitely put some thought into the build-out.  Their specialty rolls are pretty good for the most part and the service is on point.  Some of the menus and soy sauce containers were a bit sticky and dirty but nothing that would prevent me from returning.
I used to be a CVS-only girl, until I started going to Rite-Aids. I like this one because it is close to my house, has a parking lot that is easy to get in and out of, it is clean inside, and the man who works here is really friendly
I like the prices for beer. The food is ok, definitely not awful. The atmosphere is fun and everyone is very friendly.
Absolute garbage. The rolls were soaking wet, the beef sandwich was painfully bland, and their hotdog was what I would expect at an elementary school cafeteria. Horrible.
Don't waste your time or your money.  The refried beans tasted sour, the chalupa was soggy on one side, the chimichanga had the toughest chicken I have ever experienced.  The best thing about my meal was the glass of water.
Food was cold. Nachos sat in the window for 15 mins. Chicken philly was cold. They even burnt the inside of a grilled cheese! Messed up the beer order. Bottom line definitely not coming back here again!
Dr. Santos is one of the most knowledgeable and caring physicians I have ever met.  I have been fortunate enough to hear him speak multiple times.  His focus is on treating the body as whole and not just chasing and treating symptoms.  I feel completely comfortable referring friends and family to him, knowing they will receive the best care possible.
It is rare when you find a place where the service is as good as the food. In particular, the wings are hands down the best in Phoenix!
Such great indian food for a really good price! They have good standards like tiki masala but also really authentic food like this amazing cauliflower appetizer that was recommended but not on the menu! Super friendly and great service.  Will definitely come back again!
A nah. Overly priced for such low quality food. Nuff said.
Exciting news! Now AZ 88 is open for lunch! Their salads are amazing whether you get the Cobb or any of their other salads.
Rick, I ordered directly from the STNY website & clearly ordered delivery. You need to have a qualified programmer re-evaluate your online ordering system. For now, we'll continue to order online from Pizza Hut where we get exactly what we order & consistently friendly service.
had the cannonball sandwich it was great
Fun large pool with big wave machine. Not enough shade around it and cabins are pricey, 250 bucks a day. There is an easy rider tube loop but you need to buy a tube for 25 bucks, they should rent them, what am I going to do with tubes at end of vacation...
you people need to go to burger school\n\nour burgers looked white-probably frozen burgers boiled-gross\n\nthe pretzel rolls,beer and the steeler nation were the only good thing about this place
Cheap Chinese food
Sound is bad. speaker set up is wrong for the room. The place is so-so. but if you can't mix the room right there's no point.
Although still pretty good, the dinners we've had here that were sublime have downgraded to satisfactory.  This might be why after trying to stop by last night that Pasti's is now closed.  It was a nice run, and I'll miss them.
1st visit here, the food was on all I'd say average. However the price and the rotating belt make this a 4 star. Good value for the price. Visited Friday evening, didn't have to wait more than 5 minutes for a seat. Very clean and prompt service. I'll visit again.
Fair buffet, at best.
Food was decent - but nothing amazing.\n\nThere are a lot of comments on here about poor service, but our service was fine.  The waiter wasn't the quickest to refill sodas, but that was about the worst of it.
Great atmosphere,  solid service and even the chef in the open kitchen say hello to everyone and recognizes 80% of the guest. Keep that up B2B, im definitely coming back
Excellent service.  Excellent food.  We have passed this place up for years.  We always thought it was as the name says, a bar.  Yes, it has a bar but it is only a precursor to a wonderful meal.  We have enjoyed ourselves here many times.  I highly recommend you try it out.  You'll be hooked!!
Mediocre Indian at best. The restaurant is very crowded, they are often out of several items, and a bit on the pricey side. You can get much better Indian elsewhere in Pittsburgh and spend less.
Don't go to this restaurant especially if you are a local. They overcharged us once and put it on our credit card. And then when we pointed out the mistake they charge us the correct amount,but did not take the incorrect charge off the card. I'm now working with my credit card company to take the incorrect charge off.
Has some awesome ice cream choices. Dont love the food here.
how the heck are you supposed to sit at the bar and watch the tv above you. they should be under the bar.
Felt a bit like stepping into a NYC restaurant, perfect amount of light, noise and beautiful people.  Dinner was consistent and very good.  Service was quick and efficient.  My caesar salad and linguine vongole were perfectly garlicky and al dente, just the way I like them.
The food was great, but the service was bad. There were maybe 5 couples in front of us & it took over 30 minutes to get our food.
Definitely not as big & conveniently set up as other locations but still has everything I need. Being vegan Whole Foods is the best grocery store, hands down. I love all the vegan goodies they carry here and they have the best quality produce I've found.
Awesome Pad Thai lunch special.
Probably one of the best Yunnan/Szechuan restaurants in the US. Everything we ordered here was authentic and tasty, plus they have interesting selections like the DIY cold dish platter and tofu & fish fillet in clear broth, etc.
It's McDonalds, not a class establishment to begin with. This one was a little dirty and not efficient with it's service. Waited a very long time for food during a not so busy time.
Absolutely the worst meal ever. Catfish was old fishy and the wait staff\" we've had a lot of complaints. It must really be bad\" wth . .burnt ends were crap too. Not fresh at all.
Love the vegetarian tacos! So cheap & sooo delicious! :-) the cool atmosphere & free wifi make this a 5-star favorite
Believe this place was closed last week.  Husband went to pick up a cord they forgot to give us and doors were locked.  Glad we got the computer out in time.
Good size meals, hot fries, good service. Got the Bruwburger and was a little too much for me; a ton of toppings. The green chili was perfect. We will most likely be back.
Took an order to go and found the spaghetti and meatballs to be pretty good.  That was about it.  House salad was sub par and the bread tasted like they picked it up from the grocery store.
Why do I even bother going to any of the Station Casino's??!!!  As with all the others, they cater to locals and rob them of every dime they have.  If you want to win money, DO NOT go to a Station casino.  They all suck!
I love this place! Its great for quick food that is yummy. I get the shrimp tacos and they are so delicious. I would recommend the shrimp tacos over the chicken or the pork. The prices are good too.
Never received worst customer service in my life! From the phony friendly tellers to Chalise Jacobs, the Branch Manager, it was the worst banking experience of my life! I will never bank with Wells Fargo and I will avoid the downtown branch at all costs!
Nice atmosphere, service was good, food was average though. Not bad, but nothing special.
Service was good, food was okay, but the short Caucasian manager was an a**hole. Very rude and stuck up. Never had any issues at the town square yard house
absolutely awesome, the Cornish pasties are as authentic as anything I've tried in 20+ years in the US, the chips were great too, highly recommend this place !
I love this place. The best ravioli in the city. The gnocchi is also amazing. They are really kid friendly. They prepare a wonderful chicken breast and vegetables for my son with allergies. The decor could use some sprucing up.
Just an update - do not go there - snotty and un informed staff - not the case a couple years ago  but WTF - avoid at all costs
This place was good probably my 3rd favorite ever. Really enjoyed the steak and appetizers
Great atmosphere and great service. Go for the buy one get one free happy hour and get a Cesar burger, you won't be disappointed.
Did not care for the food or the service.  Many items on menu unavailable.  Had to ask for water refills.  Didn't get napkins or silverware until after both appetizer and main dish had been brought.  Hummus was extremely salty.  Moussaka was very greasy.
Quality of food has taken a beating. It used to be so good - I'm talking about the Macadamia nut chicken. We probably won't go back.
This is my new fav place for a quiet night out with my girl, usually its not crowded, but the staff is great they serve food (never tried it) as My girl would say its got that \"grandma's attic\" feel to it, wood walls older furniture, drinks are not shabby and decently priced.
Free Passport Photos!!!!  Awesome!!
Went to central ave location. Dry pulled pork,you NEED teeth to try to eat it,rubbery,bun was soaked on the bottom with? Won't go back,waste of money,tables were dirty too.
Food is ok. Service is slow at best. Saving grace is great views of the LV  strip. Would not repeat for dinner.
Stopped by this spot on a Saturday night and had top notch service! Super friendly staff
This is a great place to get a reasonably priced lunch. My favorite is the bulgogi beef or marinated chicken combo. You'll get a nice portion of rice some excellent sides and a salad in addition to your main course. People are friendly too!
Terrible service. We waited 50 minutes to be seated then the waitress was rudeeeeee.  Just so you know we did not wait that long because there were no seats. We waited that long because the did not call our name on the waiting list. I'm sorry but bad service makes all food taste bad.
This place get one star for the pretty delicious donuts they sell but unfortunately for them customer service is terrible. They have very young tweens working there more worried about the latest gossip than the paying customers.
Yuck, something has gone downhill here.  Tried it for the first time in a very long time again today, and it is not as good as it used to be.
I had a fabulous experience both with this physician and with his staff.  He was very knowledgeable and took the time to answer my questions and ease my nervousnous.  I highly recommend him!
It's just a normal mall... nothing special.  The only semi cool thing they have there is this \"storm\" that happens once an hour and makes it seem like it's raining in the mall.    Oh plus it's airconditioned which is why we were there.
This Big Lots is kind of in a sketchy neighborhood it's kind of tucked away. Inside the store there were things everywhere and out of place. It was a mess trying to find what I was looking for. They were either doing inventory or restocking things but it was difficult to get through the aisles.
Great place to stay.  Friendly staff, and clean, big, comfy rooms.  Just wish there was better dining options nearby.
Not all tacos are created the same...and for this visit, I was all about the carne asada nachos. Definitely a treat
Probably one of the best fixes for Carne Asada fries/burritos in AZ. The best thing about this place is that it is open 24 hours and food is freshly made.
I love Sun Auto. They never make me feel like I'm getting scammed or ripped off like most auto places do. Good job guys
Reliable, fresh and tasy. The corn bread muffins on the salad bar are a treat.
No good. The customer service is not good. They will not call you back when promised. I was kept waiting for call back, Not acceptable at all. I had to chase the store manager and general manager to get refunds and to return items. I will not go back at pottery barn again, plus there quality is below par.
This is the only pho place... taste is better than Lulu's that's pho sure.
Typical self serve frozen yogurt. Nothing to get worked up about. The yogurt is true to the flavor it claims to be. I hate the sneeze guard on the toppings bar. It's hard to reach the far back toppings. It's good stuff though.
e2 is an amazing place to have dinner, great bartenders, great hostess service and the meal was amazing! I reccomend the steak for sure! Be sure to grab a seat at the kitchen bar area and watch them cook your meal. A+
Simple but tasty. The staff are incredibly friendly and the vegetables are always fresh. They make their noodles from scratch and have three different options for the way they prepare tofu. Really nice, calm atmosphere. Also very affordable! One of my favourite downtown spots.
Great food. Solid chips, salsa, bean dip, drinks. The entrees were good. If you like your flautas super crispy like my partner, just ask, they'll cook 'em a bit longer. Locally owned and operated and some of the best service I have had in a Mexican in Vegas.
Absolutely the best nail salon in Vegas. High-quality work at reasonable prices with excellent customer service and very kind staff the owner Ben is one-of-a-kind!\n\nThanks, Ben Emily, Nancy and Jackie!
Wasn't very good, got the salted caramel, and to my horror had a huge migraine on-set. Something about the topping tasted off and i am pretty sure there was MSG used in it. I would never eat there again, but gave it two stars because my friend seemed to like hers
I usually come here because the bf enjoys Sbarro. I've definitely had better pizza elsewhere and Sbarro is just way overpriced. Especially at this location.
Dumplings are the best I've ever had! Wonderful atmosphere and environment inside the restaurant. Can't beat their prices either. We have made this a weekly occurrence. The place itself is rather small inside so if there is a larger group (or louder individuals) prepare to listen to them all night.
Pros - location, accommodations, cleanliness, staff. \nCons - hotel parking due to construction. Parked in Harrah's garage which was far (but free).
This customer service line can't get any longer. Four registers and one worker.... really? Ive been in line for almost forty five minutes and still haven't been helped. Ahhhh. This place is so frustrating..
I got the betty boobs DD, two chicken breasts and a waffle and ordered an extra side of mac n cheese and literally everything I tried was the best I had ever had. It's amazing.
Pretty bad.\n\nSuper ghetto building, very ghetto location in general, the food was average at best for someone who knows Thai food.\n\nAlso how can you possibly have air conditioning not working and still be open in the summertime Phoenix? That just makes the meal miserable!
I got in quick did ordered but it did take over 15 minutes to get my food. If you are working with a 30 minute lunch. That's not good
Awesome wagyu filet. Mmmmm. Had a delicious specialty drink too. Probably won't ever pay that much again for dinner though, could have bought me a nice pair of shoes.
At first I had the chocolates and didn't think they were special. They were definitely pricey. However, I loved the pastries and really enjoyed the crepes. Overall I became a fan only with persistent attempts; it looked to good to give up on one attempt.
Had a convention here and the resort seemed a little dated for Vegas.  The staff was spot on and our convention went off without a hitch.  \nI worked a lot so I was not able to enjoy a lot of the hotel besides the dinning options. They were both really nice for a hotel.
Went on a sat night. It was dead.  Hadnt been there in a while.  Moved from the bar to a table and no one ever came over.  We sat there for at least half an hour and left.  Horrible.
I've never gotten a bad meal here before ever. The pizza is delicious and there ceaser salads are excellent. The waiter's are nice and alway's have a smile. My only complaint is that the price is a bit high just for some pizza
They are always friendly and they have remodeled. I haven't been here in probably a year only because we moved away from the area. But they still remembered us and do a great job. Prices are the same as you would pay any where else. It feels good to relax.
Best Pho Ga and Banh Mi that I have had in Arizona.  I discovered this lace on 10/17 and had to go back today 10/20. Both times greeted with warmly and sincerely. The baguette was perfection  for the Banh Mi. My new favorite lunch spot!!!!
Traditinoal
An average steak for an average price. Nothing I ordered really stood out at all, even the service was mediocre. I would compare this to a Sizzler or a Lone star. You would be much much better off eating at the Texas Roadhouse just east of here on the 60 & Mesa drive.
Came here b4 Wockeez show with a group of friends, steak was good, service was aight - took a while, long while for one of our orders. Good spot to eat but nothing special.
Tried again and it was worse.  I didn't like it.  Ordered a combo plate beef burrito, soft taco and tostada. Took most of it home to try and remake it but it was hopeless. Just not good food.
I don't come in often - The bar scene isn't my thing but I can always count on Morgan in the kitchen to cook up some deliciousness.  I haven't been let down by the menu yet!  Thanks!
Stopped in looking for some new 8ga and 6ga hardware. They have an impressive selection and the staff is very friendly and helpful. I overheard a conversation with a customer and one of the employees and the employee was very knowledgeable and forthcoming about the customers concerns. You can tell they are passionate and enjoy what they are doing.
Overcrowded market. Nothing worth a crap. Overpriced with no real selection. \nDirty as well.
The food was mediocre. The shrimp in my cocktail was stiff and rubbery, and the margarita I ordered was more ice and salt than alcohol.I would have settled for fast food instead. The atmosphere is nice and inviting, and the staff are courteous, but take a while to get to you after initially ordering.
The food was delicious but the service is very slow and the servers were not comfortable describing the menu items or very attentive in general. We ate here two times recently mid afternoon meals and even giving them some slack for being newly opened, we would hesitate to be back. Work your bugs out and then open your doors, especially at these prices.
Ordered dumplings, a tofu salad, and some noodles for takeout. Can't remember exactly what we ordered but it was delicious.  Nice friendly service with a smile.  I liked it.
good tasty yogurt.but looked at calorie counts and now i know why lol...i will return
So those pictures on yelp of the view from grandview? I snapped those exact same ones using my own camera. For a grand total of $9 + 2.75 atm fee. Bring exact change.
Awful! I wish I would have read the reviews before we ate here.  Chicken sandwich was over microwaved.. And it's kind of expensive! \n\nDon't go here EVER!
I witnessed this company / Owners treat parents horrible at the Trunk R treat in Queen creek..they were using profanity ..I would never recommend them. The owners were even really mean and inappropriate.
Nice place...
Food was okay. Good service. I will go here if I'm in the area. I'm not going to go out of my way to eat here though. There are better sushi places closer to me.
We came here after a football game and were treated amazingly!!! Best service EVER!!!
Hands down the best indoor shooting range in Las Vegas.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  They offer a great selection of goods and services.  There is also a gunsmith and full eatery inside.  I would recommend this range to any and every shooter.
Amazing food as always.  Great beer list and mixed drink options.  Sat out on the patio, had a great view of the high roller.  The only disappointment was our table umbrella was broken. Wait staff was great!
Great bagels and great muffins!!
Very hard to get a burger here medium rare. The service was excellent, and I felt bad because I had to send it back. Chef needs to focus.\nFries were yummy.
Okay this is my first time at CPL and I must say I felt like a \"valued\" customer crom the moment I put my car in park. The technician checked with me before performing any  changes and I wasn't bombarded with sales tactics. I was extremely pleased, saved $5 bucks, so it's a good day!
I have been here many times but the place seamed different this time.  The veggi portions were tiny.  The meat seemed tough and the waitres was less than accomedating.  I think I will have to find a new place in town......what a shame.
This was my first time and the sandwich was very good. I will eat here again and try something new. The environment was loud, crowded and not too comfortable, but I guess that's what you get when you eat in a popular spot crammed into a corner of a shopping area and casino.
This place is a joke I ordered 2 sandwiches an hour later still no sandwiches I called back thy said thy were waiting for a driver my sandwiches were sitting on the counter for 45min. I canceled my order next time I'll call Jason's deli
Best meal during our stay. Went w/five items from the social hour menu, and loved every item: angry tuna roll, miso cod cups, salmon, pork belly ramen w/poached egg... drinks. Great ambience+price... and an easy walk from many hotels.
I was not to fond of the hot dog I ordered and the fries, I got really sick after eating there food.
An interior from a bygone age with a limited selection of booze to match. Toilets in good nick and good amount of seating all makes for a good stopping off point on the journey to either The Shore or Leith Walk.
Would love to tell you what this place was like, but unfortunately I didn't get a chance to experience it because they stopped being open on Sunday nights -- and didn't bother calling us to cancel our reservation or give us a heads up. A pretty big miss.
Food was food nothing special. .. deffintly would not eat again.. not worth the money.. many more places to eat in Vegas if u wanna spend $50
Plumbers and school districts and churches buy from Brown's Partsmaster. If you are looking for for anything from  a faucet cartridge, Sloan valve rebuild, stainless steel kitchen parts, these guys rock! Not only will they answer your questions, you can often sit next to a plumber who is willing to chime in.
I was in Vegas this week and had to stop at Jean Philippe's. Once again it was amazing. This location is wayy better than the one at Aria. Aria employees are rude.
I was not at impressed with the Macaroons. The flavor was not as \"fresh\" as I would have like. The saving grace at time was the Breton. Burnt Almond torte was ok.
Excellent outdoor space and great kids space...
These guys are awesome and super super nice. I love coming in here and their coffee is excellent!
Good Mexican food. Great value!
Service was friendly... food tasted like it had been sitting for a while. My shrimp walnut was mushy, not crunchy like it usually is.
I came here when they first opened and got a salad. The food was decent, but the service was slow. I would try them again now that they are a little more settled.
They have a waitress with the worst attitude I've ever seen in any restaurant. The manager even argues with costumers for giving less tip to that waitress. The only star is for their food, average Chinese around Pittsburgh.
Management has no clue what they are doing. Always mess up the orders and management hides in the back. Food could be ok but it never comes out right. They wont be open much longer as boombozz was way better and went out of business.
Never coming here again found hair in my to go food
Clean, decent, nothing fancy.  Slots felt tight.  Had fun at the craps table though.  I'd stay here again if I could get a room in the 50 to 80 range.
The chop shop is a really cute and cozy place on university. It reminds of downtown phoenix and the bar/restaurants in that area. The food was also really good healthy and fresh. I defiantly will come here again.
Good cheap Mexican food.  Basically the same as Roberto's Taco Shop which is more widely known in the area, but most of the items I like are cheaper here.
Always good for reverse Happy Hour, good prices and good atmosphere. I usually get the Zonie Roll and Las Vegas rolls.
I love their service and my favorite is the chicken and waffle.  Big portion, it can fill up two grown adults.
Burger was fair, fries cold. Not Ramsey quality at. He would be throwing the food all over the place. No value for your dollar, too many other options
Very good food! We got the bucatini and pizza with goat cheese and proscuito.  Our wine was so good!  Good service.
I have passed this shop many times (right on Durango).  I finally stopped for a Falafel sandwich to go.  It was so moist with a great mix of fresh tomato, cabbage.  Absolutely the best Falafel I have tasted.  YUM!!!
Beware of misleading prices. At the register, you will learn that you will pay much more than the price posted. You have to go online to obtain a rebate. Really?? Hello Best Buy or Target, both down the street.
Love this place,always greeted when you walk in and the boba is on point, i've tried several other boba spots in town and this one takes the cake,personal favorite: cocunut with lychee smoothie
Service was very slow at lunch. Pizza was ok - have had better pizza at their other locations.
Decent portion of tasty lobster on a nice buttery roll, I'll be back!
Rather surprised last night to be greeted here, at least an hour before last orders, by the barmaid expressing dismay at 3 more customers turning up. She already had in the region of ten on the premises but seemed keen to close up early and get a kip. Happy for the foreseeable future to enable her to do so by drinking elsewhere.
$45 for two take out bagel sandwiches and two drinks?? The bagels were stale AND soggy...Plus, I was sick for a whole day after eating that!! Worst food experience ever. I cannot recommend this place to even my worst enemy.
Very nice, very quick. Beautiful ceremony and very chapel-like setting. My best friend was married in a castle!
Prime rib was very very very good! After going to the kings kitchen this place firebirds was great! Shall keep coming back!
Tourist Trap. \nThe Liquor here is ridiculously expensive. You are probably better off buying it in the hotel lobby at these prices. We usually drive off the strip alittle further and any supermarket is easily cheaper than this place. \nThe only good thing is that they are open 24hrs.
friendly & helpful staff\n\nexcellent food & great presentation\n\npricy considering the types of ingredients that were used...\n\nyummy complimentary chocolate-covered fortune cookies were a hit...
BEST IDEA EVER! especially for moms that have to stay at home and are'nt able to leave the house! I wish I would have discovered this a long time ago!
Typical courtyard food, overpriced and nothing special.
I like yummy wine.  I like yummy beer.  I like yummy food.\n\nPretty hard to find a place that has all 3 out in the west valley of phoenix but here it is!
The food was bland and the service was an \"I don't want to be here attitude\". We will not go back. I ordered fajitas and the steak was already cubed (no sizzle at all) it did not come with lettuce, cheese, or sour cream, only rice and beans.
bomb ass bbq
I have eaten here a few times this week.  The breakfast is fantastic.  I just had the frittata.  It was amazing.  \n\nThis is a great restaurant and I am glad it is in Pittsburgh.
This place draws in all sorts of crowds. Good place to take serveral of your freinds to hang out. Decent food, games. Enjoy watching the game while drinking a beer. Try their Kamikazi, its yummy!! and they know what a fuzzy screw is!!!
Wow there burgers are awesome here. This place has a really great atmosphere. Do not have to ask for a refill there right on it. I'll definitely be coming back for burgers again
Average hot dog place... Good toppings though.
Always a stunning experience - the East Side lounge is the best lounge I have been to in 10 years.
The food as well as the service was incredible! Great prices and giant slices of pizza make for a great meal on the LV Strip!
Great local gaming bar. Friendly bartenders. I would recommend better signage on the back entrance to the gaming bar and two more TVs behind the bar. Otherwise a gray place to watch a game.
This was good.  The price is a little high, but you actually get a LOT to eat.  There were 6 of us and we all left stuffed.  I would go back again!
Nice well kept new laundry, prices are reasonable and I haven't seen a machine out of order. They have two televisions which can be a little loud at times. Two computer terminals that run linux for web browing and wifi. They also have a play area for children.
Slow service, they were out of practically all the bagels. It was dirty. And worst of all, no more iced coffee drinks, they give you a cup to make some sort of iced drink yourself and dont have any flavors! I pay for the venue to make my iced drink! FAIL!
Pretty good gyros. Not the best I've ever had but you won't be disappointed. Just a bit pricey. .. Probably because of lack of traffic they have to make up for it.
Little diamond in the rough. Ambiance and location were great but the linguine I had was a bit  oily.
Good food. It was cheaper when it was at the Flamingo location but the food is still delicious. They have really good lunch specials too.
There's so many reviews of this place that I'll keep mine short.  \n\nThe wait was long.  (Several hours)  The prices were fair.  The servers were nice.  The pizza was fine.  Nothing special.  I wouldn't do the wait again, but if there was no wait I would go back.
FYI... Health department just gave them a poor rating on sanitation standards.
This is the funnest little boutique.  I love my fashion and love when is packaged in such a small little inexpensive store! Thank you to the owners mom for her spot on recommendations!
The consistency here is great.  Servers have a bit of an attitude but this place is always rocking.  I had cold coffee which was surprising.  Their fries are great and veggie burger rivals houstons.  order a greyhound.  they make it with fresh squeezed grapefruits.
The Korean tacos are not half bad, and the kid really likes the burgers.
Excellent Fry Bread!\n\nGreat little place.  The staff is super friendly, and the desert fry bread with ice cream & coconut carmel syrup is divine!\n\nOn the weekends, they offer their poly-plate (polynesian food).  It is super delicious!  Go try it out!
good, cheap food.  horrible service.  sometimes super-crowded.
I am a member of the Ro Ho En and I consider it probably the best 30-40 annual bucks I spend each year.  For a few bucks a month I basically get a private park to hang out in.   #Balleronabudget
This place is awesome great quality and customer service this place came from my home town in grantspass Oregon same as I remember it
Lots of Wiz-Bang special effects.  If you want to see talented special effects efforts this is your show. If you are more interested in the human factor, go see Mystere. Even ')\" is better and so are the traveling Cirque du Soleil shows.  My granddaughter and I thought KA was rather boring.
Got an amazing facial here. I have been there for a pedicure and massage in the past. It's great.
Aww yeah!  That smoky barbecue aroma used to permeate the windows of my car every time I drove by.  Awesome chicken, and the staff are funny and friendly.  No, it's not healthy, but it's good for the soul to indulge once a year.  Twice.
It seems that this place is open again!\n\nNoodles with beef and fried rice, can't go wrong.\n\nNice decor, decent food and prices.\n\nPerfect for a quick bite in between parties or getting ready to go back home.\n\nCheers!
Easily the best meal I've ever had. Every dish we ordered was solid. I would definitely recommend this place for anybody who wants to try something new. It is truly rewarding to the taste buds!
Food is great.. Fairly good amount..sumptuous!! But pls we need the Buko pandan back, k?
I can't say that I'm surprised that this hotel FAILED!
We were very disappointed. So expensive for so little food.  Sweet potato fries were good but overpriced as well. We won't be back
Bad attitude  never thought I would not go to a McDonald's  this one never go back. Always trying to up sell  please its fast food
I ate here with a friend about a week ago and we both got the most horrible food poisoning ever!! Plus, we waited over 45 minutes for a table when the place was nearly empty. The host staff was extremely rude. The manager and our waiter were helpful and friendly but they're food is unsafe. Never ever eat here!!!
Great service, fast, and friendly hops. Love the happy hour prices before 11am, and 2-4pm. Also their coupons are always a good way to save. I just reloaded a sonic card for $25 and got a free burger coupon!
Well,\n\nAmbiance was great, service terrible, entrees terrible.\nThe server never brought our appetizer. We had to ask another server to get drinks. We order a shepherds pie and a chicken pot pie. The shepherds was at least edible. The chicken pot pie was not.
Great Place to Eat.. Native New Yorker and I thought I was home with Mom.. Puerto Rican and Cuban food very similar.. Highly Recommend. .
The food and ambience were terrific!  The prices were a bit high, but to be expected for Las Vegas strip for a trendy restaurant.  I would definitely recommend anyone that likes Japanese food to give this place a go!
The theater is clean and the staff was friendly.   The only thing I could ask for is soda/candy that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.
Great prices.  Wonderful Bruchetta. I had penne with pesto  cream sauce , good portion and very flavourful. My wife has Chicken Parm on the waitress recommendation and it was excellent. \nGreat service and great food. This place is a wonderful addition to Green Valley.
We love egg works! Donna was our server and she was awesome! She was on top of all of her tables and took care of us quickly.
It's an institution, and if you live in AZ you need to eat here.  The food is off the charts and you'll leave very full with lots of money left over.  It doesn't get better...
Decent food for a good price. Not spectacular by any means but prices are good given the size of the burgers and sandwiches. The sweet potato fries are good, onion rings are average and the service is ok. Probably wouldn't go back though. Many other, better choices in the area.
A couple of weeks ago I walked past here on a Saturday afternoon and there was a forensic police officer collecting evidence from the doorway. \n\nI think that sums up this bar quite nicely.
Meh...Hungry at the Phoenix airport and they were playing the NBA finals...Why does \"meh\" airport food have to be sooo pricey?
This wasn't really greek food - it was more like fast food in a greek form factor.  It was not authentic at all.  Service was okay - yes it was high school kids but they were pretty great with the free refills.  If you are craving greek food this might not hit the spot.
I just have one word to say... \"Expensive!\" Food isn't that great, service is good and their Saturday night band is pretty good also.
Long wait, poor service, cold food, bad food...need I say more?  To make things worse, no one even attempted to say they were sorry.  Tried the restaurant due to purchase of a Groupon -- wasn't worth the money I paid for the Groupon.  Obviously will never return.
Waited 15 minutes for food and after waiting in parking lot after going through drive through girl brought  food . Check bad and food was missing from our order so went inside to talk to manager about missing items she was like o well what is missing \n\nWill not be returning to this location \nNo customer service
Really good food. I had mutton biriyani and tandoori chicken. Both were in sufficient quantities and reasonably priced.  Chicken was really soft and easy to digest in tandoori.  Will definitely be back to this place and try out their other delicacies
My all time favorite gas station. Many great tasting beverages to quench your thirst. Friendly staff
Please keep this place alive. Quick, easy, delicious - it's the American way.
The most amazing breakfast EVER!  Comfortable, open-spaced cafe/diner atmosphere. Peanut butter french toast- enough said :)
Rooms were very very small, no coffee maker, and when we checked out they charged us again for our rooms, we had already paid for them prior, when we called, they were very rude and did not want to return our money. Would never go here again
We had breakfast this morning here. We waited 45 minutes for our breakfasts.   Unfortunately, the servers were less than attentive and we waited almost 30 minutes for a refill of our coffee.  The food was good but the negative experience of the extreme  delay and little concern for us while waiting is all I can remember.  We will not go back.
Always a great selection for dinner.  Nothing better then a fresh baked pizza in your own oven.  Boy does it make your house smell wonderful.
However it took over 2 months to do so, Best Buy did eventually straighten this all out. They gave me back the extra money I had to pay for the new laptop. Gave me a new external hard drive and  a $100 gift card.
I have heard several people talk about the good food here and the great prices. It wasn't bad food or prices. It is in a location with easy parking just off of the freeway. The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. It is clean and humble.
Kelly's is really hit or miss. You either have great service or horrible service. Their food is really good though, and their specialty drinks are great. We had burgers at Kelly's a few weeks ago and they were wonderful. Perfectly cooked and tasty!
I had surgery by him it did not work and the follow up was poor.
Hadn't been in years. Now there is a bar. Food is frozen in time - same exact stuff as ten years ago. Mediocre.
The owners and staff here are always so friendly and welcoming.  The ice cream is amazingly delicious and it is great to know that the ingredients are local and fresh.
Do yourself a favor and eat here. Fresh classic traditional cuisine.  Always amazing.
The spicy food will keep you young. Delicious and addictive.
Place has some cool vibes at the pool. Somewhat hip crowd. But the hotel itself is nothing special and way overpriced.
How many times do I have to get expired beers from this place (at least twice, but I don't check the dates every time...)? Their coolers are never cold either, I'm still not convinced they even work at all.
Had the patty melt and zucchini.  Nothing special.  Was really excited after seeing reviews. Zucchini is frozen,  same stuff you get at burger king. Nothing special about the burgers either. ..very disappointed. $17 for a burger, zucchini and a soda :(
Another breakfast place that is consistent n food and staff are friendly. The prices are normal for breakfast places but if you are planning in advance, they sometimes have certificate available on restaurant.com. \n\nI also like this place because they offer chai lattes!
Typical Vegas, went expecting nothing, got an incredible steak, seamless service and a good time.
I didn't wanna write a review but since 2 days late ,still feeling bad from the clam pizza....I'd have to say this place is no good.
The food is great, especially for fast food at the airport. The salad was so fresh. The lines were long but worth the weight. I think they do a great job representing the LGO. So you should go if you are in the airport.
I'm giving it a star but really this was as bad as it gets.    Pricey, terrible food and not even worth it on a Groupon.   Beware...
Visiting Vegas from Brooklyn and these guys quoted me HALF of what I've been quoted in NY to fix my cracked mytouch 4G phone screen. It was a no-brainer. Went there right away and they fixed it in 35 minutes. Now I can instagram like a pro. Woot!
Amazing Pho at this place, which we discovered by accident in a strip mall.  Don't let the location fool you - this is totally worth it. I find myself craving their pho a few times a week!
Great dim sum.  I don't get here as often as I'd like,  but it's a solid place to go.
Expensive and nothing delicious. Never go there again
Girlfriend's family took me to dinner here while I was visiting. I was impressed with the food and the fresh ingredients. Great hummus and fattoush salad. Wish I had a place like this back where I'm from.
Great service with reasonable rates.  Try any and everything, even my wife likes it here.
In every way awesome - setting, people, music, atmosphere, challenges. Only wish that it wasn't such a drive away!
Seems a little old and rundown. Many lights flicker or are out and not fixed. Popcorn was stale. Screens are small compared to other AMCs. Sound and picture was ok. People were friendly and helpful
We spent $60 on cold french toast and a scrambled egg.\nSeriously, wake up a few minutes early and head over to the buffet at the Wynn which is only a short walk and twice the quality.
This bar is awesome because of Kevin and Billy! They are amazing!  We came here for an afternoon drink on an anniversary trip to Vegas.  My girlfriend and I came here while our guys were dune buggy riding.  We had a blast!  They were entertaining and super nice!
Not very impressed. The food was ok, but I have had better at other local eateries. I guess my expectations were set so high that I was expecting the WOW factor, and it definitely did not deliver.  Probably won't return, just because there are so many other good choices.
Came in at 700 pm Saturday night  place is clean  .  Waitresses were slow. Handling to many tables each\n30 minute ticket times   food was average    I'll skip next time ......
Stop here! Buy a block of the dill Havarti and try a bunch of samples. I am sure there will be others that you love :)
Quick easy seafood! The fried clams and cod are amazing I could eat my weight in the clams they are not tuff or chewy, just perfect!
Awful service and mediocre food. Going in and going out were terrible experiences due to folks that have no clue about promptness or how to speak to people. Sandwiched between fatty steaks, bland bacon dishes (how do you pull that off?) and stale desserts.
The place was dirty, service was poor, and the fajitas were made with a fajita mix, that I think came from a store. Overall very disappointed.
Great Breakfast
My husband and I just left this store. The two ladies who worked there seemed like they would have rather been doing anything other than helping us. It seemed like we we were annoying them. Incredibly unhelpful and short with us. Why even be in business if your customer service is that horrible. On to the next fabric store!
The wings are the best of all I've had. Gets rather noisy when kids are, but there is also a bar area where they don't usually go. All in all I like the place. Menu keeps improving.
Ate here with a group.  While everyone else had steaks, I had the chicken.  It was very tasty and my friends enjoyed their steaks.  I thought it was an odd choice to pair steaks with... potato chips lol  We ate here in December so they may have changed that.
Superior customer service. Immense knowledge. Thanks so much for the awesome shoes. And peoples for supporting your troops. MILITARY DISCOUNT!
Excellent steaks and ambience. To me, the price of the steak was justified by the cut and the flavor.
Hit or miss here. Either staffed well, or you're waiting 15 minutes. Friendly staff for the most part, but there are a few angry teens working on occasion. All in all its not bad.
Great place! I save money on bulk items.... And other fun things like books, clothing, DVDs... Also they have great deals on tires and you save money on gas! Totally worth the membership. Also, it's open most of the day.
Love this place! I love their eclectic menu and I've been pleased with everything I've tried. Number ONE place for calamari! I have yet to go there without ordering it.
Love Papa John's, location is clean. Young lady behind the register was quite rude and snappy. Will not be back to this location.
Love this place. We have been there numerous times. Just keeps getting better & better. We went there 2 days after they opened and found the food spectacular, but the service was so bad it was comical. They have sorted that. The food is still great and now the service is good. Highly recommend.
This is definitely a ripoff company
This was a great 1st experience at this sushi restaurant.  All of the sushi exceeded my expectations.  I will definitely be back for more. The Murphy roll is a must!!
Ok so after complaining (nicely) they brought us a new butcher's block and also comped it. Which was good but... Still annoying that we had to say something and listen to them make excuses.
Great spot to watch football when in town meeting up with friends. Its bar food, but pretty good. Not too \"Scottsdalish\", but still plenty to see
Over-rated in a town where you can get better buffet food at a much lower cost. Long lines are not worth the wait. Look elsewhere
So this one is higher than the one on Independence blvd so unless your in the mall go off indepence
Hidden gem behind the gas station? Yes! We went for last minute breakfast. The food was good, the prices were reasonable, and the cute, beachy  decor was a nice change from the desert landscape outside. Oh, and this place is right down the street from us. No complaints, can't wait to go back for lunch!
This food was amazing! Karl, the owner, was super nice and gave is samples of his delicious food while we tried to make up out minds. \n\nHighly recommend the mac and cheese, and make your sandwich a need AND chicken!
Great happy hour, , tasty appetizers, Huge beer selection, And the Best damn pastrami sandwich I have had in years. Go here eat and by happy !!!
ice cream is good, customer service is HORRIBLE! The chick with the Buddy Holly glasses apparently only likes to help the people she wants even though she actually acknowledged me and saw me come in, but decided she would rather help all the folks that came in after me then completely ignore me.
it's for American tourists. Not much local individual will show up here. Food is in HUGE portion and had long lost its French spirit.
Amazing as always!!! Service is awesome and the 5 stars speaks for its-self!!! We will be back!!!!
Everyone is right. This airline also sucks. Mostly because every time I fly US Airways I experience:\n\na) Check-in lines out the door\nb) Airplanes from the Nixon administration era.
Great food and good variety. The staff was really friendly and service was good. We liked eating outside on the patio. Tried the Border Sampler with my fianc\u00e9 and it was a great choice to try a little of everything. Will definitely come back!
They food is AMAZING but the service is horrible and the place is so dirty. There were bugs crawling everywhere made us loose out appetite. I love me some Popeyes chicken but not when the place is this dirty. I've worked at a Popeyes before so I know how exhausting it can get but c'mon!!
McAllister's is always a great standby when you need a break from cooking. I've always been pleased with the food and the service.  Always clean if you decide to dine in.
This is a really nice fry's. Their bakery is actually better than most of their other locations.
Not good... Gross pizza and very poor service. Its like the goal of the people working there is to make sure no one comes back
This place smells like ass and I don't think anyone ever fixes anything that's broken there.  Or cleans anything. Stay away.
Bloody Mary is a pre made nastiness. I had the BBQ chicken with green beans and Mac and cheese. The chicken was ok thanks to the descent BBQ sauce. The Mac and cheese was different, it had corn in it. This wouldn't be one of my favorite places to eat.
No!\n\nI said - NO!!!
Great place for the scrap bookers convention, I can't wait until next year
Slowest. walmart. ever. I always question how I end up here while standing in line forever. The caja rapida is anything but. My pissed-off glare is usually very effective but it does nothing here.
I had a lot of expectations coming and since the pricing was comparable to that in LA.  However, aside from the friendly service and convenient location,  the fish tasted like that out of a convenience store.  Presentation was great and the rolls were good too.  But the nigiri wasn't anything that I wrote home about.
I bought a pair of shoes there... They gave me the right shoe the correct size and the left one is a size smaller... They refuse to exchange them or give me the correct size because it was a final sale... It's my fault the shoes are different sizes...
Good ahi burger... not a bad hamburger
Assuming that you have the patience to deal with their insane parking lot this is one of the better watering holes in the neighborhood.  Nothing more then above average bar standards but a great environment to relax with the old pals.
I love the Indian buffet!!only on weekends and it cost 10 bucks,so very reasonably priced.  Tandoori chicken and naan is very good.
Great vibe. Good friendly people. I might be a little wasted writing this but I'm happy wasted. Great selection of drinks. Glad my good friend dragged me here tonight. I'm going to defiently feel it tomorrow.  Come join the fun
They got the job done without pushing the up-sell too much. They thoroughly inspect  just about everything - air pressure, water, hoses, filters, wipers, tires, etc... One air filter and a synthetic oil ran me about $120.
Terrible service!!! It took 20 min just to get a glass of water and there were less than 10 people in the whole restaurant?!? I guess its safe to say that I wont be going back
decent sushi, udon noodles and service. The sushi was fresh, but not extra ordinary. My search for a good sushi place continues.
Loud. Large. Really cool space inside! Girls are pretty dressed up, guys notsomuch. Cheap drinks. \nI'd never wait in line or pay cover to get inside though...
Great food, great environment. Burgers are great but the FRIES and SHAKES rock the party that rock the body!!!\n\nWe have been going there for about 9 months and have never been disappointed.
The worst customer service experience. Unfortunately for them, my expectations for customer service are a bit higher seeing that this is a higher end Vegas spot...but damn. Just really upsetting.
They are wayyyy overpriced for a regular 6 piece chiv ken wings and fries rather go to wingstop and get triple the amount for the price we pay here.    Plus their wings are really greasy . And French fries are soggy . No Bueno
Kept hearing about the $7.77 special that isn't advertised.  Tried it and was disappointed.  Maybe if the steak was more than a flank steak or more than 3 bites it would have been worth it.
Never the best ..... Never the worst.\nThis location is A-OK.\nThe food has always been decent.\nThe staff has always been courteous.
Excellent food and service.  The cheese crisp is awesome. A simple cheese crisp but made on a tortilla that stays crispy.  The chimis are stuffed with so much meat.  Great little MeXican restaurant.  My daughter loves the sink in the girls restroom..a tin bucket.
Asian groceries time
This Starbucks is great. It's usually pretty busy because the location but it has a drive thru which is very convenient. It's also close to my home and it's a few cents cheaper then the Starbucks in Von's up the street.
We will never go here again. Every time we take our daughter here the next day she is sick. The last two times she has gotten viral infections and we have to go to the ER as she got a temp of 105. Obviously this place is not cleaning their facility properly!!!!!!
I have gone to Gino's for years. He does a great cut. It's an old fashion barbershop including men's magazines.
Costumer service by phone was not friendly... The basil fried rice was really too spicy and not even good taste... I will never order again from this restaurant..:((
Disgusting and over priced, at least for breakfast.  The line is long, the food is bland, and options are limited.  You are much better off going to IHop
The fried chicken waffles with bourbon syrup are unreal. Look no further - just order them and enjoy.
Baby back ribs & corn bread = Amazing 5/5.\nAtmosphere = Splendiferous 4/5.\nHospitality = Friendly 4/5.
Great knowledgeable staff.  Always friendly,  true animal lovers.  I've been taking Sasha my mixed breed pitty,  two cats and a yellow belly slider turtle for years.  \n\nThe vets here have kept all my pets happy and healthy.
Like most places reviews on Yelp in Phoenix, this place is over rated. Okay, it's cheap. Which is great if you just want to eat, but it's nothing special. Found it pretty boring and plain. The interior resembled a jail cell and felt dirty. Won't be heading back anytime soon.
Everything about this hotel was good, not one bad thing to say!
i have lived down the street for years.  been stopping in on and off since it was called Quarters.  once 5 Star took over it has gone even further down hill.  the bartenders change every 3 months.  have run into a few good ones, but some are just terrible!!  if they didn't have golden tee I would never go back.
This place gets 5 stars for atmosphere and it is a favorite of my children for that reason.  However, the service always seems to be lacking in one way or another.  The food is ok and overpriced for what you get.  But, due to the fun environment, we will keep going back.
Every time I come home to visit, this is where I HAVE to come to eat! This place is incredible, burritos are simply the best! Mocha Nachos are by far the best I have ever had and the three roll tacos are mouth watering. Highly recommend any Roberto in the Las Vegas valley
Very impressed my first time there and have been back a few times and it's really quite good. Salsa is fresh and tastes homemade. Margaritas are good too. The Queso Fundido is fanTAStic! Consider me a new fan!
Ordered take out.  They speak broken English so that was fun but worth it since the food was great.  Authentic Italian.
Great place, Busy during lunch, good people watching. Cheese sandwich is really good as well as salads. Service was nice even during the rush hour. Parking was not problem. Food presentation is fantastic.
Eric was a great waiter for our wine pairing with MyVegas.com. Explained our pairings well and went to get answers when we questioned him. He did a great job and the food was great too.   We had the linguine with clam sauce and brick chicken.
Guy who did my nails was rude and I got a gel manicure that went into my cuticles and onto the skin on several nails. Very messy. Maybe I had a bad manicurist, but I felt the staff was rude to most people who walked in the door. Won't be back.
Ask for Dave. Freehand artist/ primarily. Great customer service as well. 2 tattoos so far (different sessions) and both times I was satisfied with the shop environment. Good music (usually) and good work. Great job guys!
Usually I really like this place but, on a Monday night with ONLY 1 person making the ice cream and 6 people in line..  Not good customer service Stone Cold..
What an abomination! For soup noodles its pretty decent but please don't advertise it as ramen. Its more like instant ramen that you can get for 75 cents with tiny bits of meat that you end up paying 8 dollars for. If I can make it better at home then we have a problem...
great outside patio, terrific service, outstanding food.  Get there for happy hour, enjoy the food, but get the salted carmel pudding, it's to die for.
Extremely high prices, shop at Target or Costco versus these rip offs!
Great patio, lots of parking and lots of beer options. The crowd is hit or miss though. I came with coworkers and had some very obnoxious college kids next to us that ruined the experience. I recommend this place for groups of friends but not groups of coworkers.
T-Bones is always a fun spot to hangout with a nice view of Lake Wylie, but I will say that the food is mediocre. The service is usually pretty good and the beer is cold.
i love this place. great sandwiches. they have the best bread ever! \n\nso far, ive tried four different sandwiches and they never fail to be super delicious! there needs to be one in los angeles. :)
The food is great but I agree with the rest of these reviews, the service is awful. I got scallops which were great, but the service was not there, at all. If I go back I'll be sure to avoid the older filipino woman!
Jenna gives the best salon hair. It took me over a year to find a great stylist, but she is a diamond in the rough. Environment is very friendly.
Love this place great food the steak and kidney pie is amazing. Nice selection of beer great atmosphere and service.
This Costco itself is great! However the guy in the tire center was a total jerk!
Worst customer service ever!!!  Avoid this store if at all possible!
Edible meatballs. That's all I can say about those. The only reason I'm giving a 3 star is the amazing milkshakes!!!
I was disappointed that they were not doing take out anymore, however, we came in today and i was extremely impressed with their food AND customer service. They really made the ordering process super easy.
I love this place :). My husband and I are cult followers of cafe rio.  Their salads are perfect and they have vanilla coke in the fountain and key lime pie.  Perfect storm for us to worship the place.  I think it is because they make everything fresh.
Blarg.\nI'm still young, but I was too old for this place. Bad music, too many people and no ambiance, unless you include the girls puking outside on the street. They charge cover and I don't know why because you couldn't pay me to go here.
New digs are nice!  Service was solid.  Food was solid.
Used to love this place. But they are always rude and they never fail to get my order terribly wrong.
Average NY Style pizza.  Delivery time was an hour.\n\nIt's not great nor is it memorable but it's not bad either.\n\nSlightly better than Dominos.
It's an ok place. Food was alright at best. Prices are good though, so I didn't feel like my money was completely wasted. Perfect place to go to after a long day at work. Good selection of beer and all.
If anyone says this place is decent or good obviously has not had good pita sandwiches. The prices were ridiculous regardless of location, skimpy portions and seriously lacks in flavor. Had the Gyro and Falafel. Will never return.
My best friend loves this restaurant and at her urging, we made a reservation.  The food was good, the \"show\" was fun and the drinks were tasty.  \n\nUltimately though, it's just not my thing.
I don't think this place is as great as they say it is.  It's pretty dirty.  Teachers don't pay that close attention.  Our child went here because everyone we knew had their kids here as it was some what reasonable but since being here, we've found so much better.  It's certainly not worth 4+ stars.
From the crummy, dated, damaged rooms, to the crummy food, to the overpriced EVERYTHING, this place is a 100% PASS.
This place has the best falafel sandwich in America.  The pita bread is great. The hot sauce is spicy and flavorful.  The veggies are crisp and fresh. The hummas is creamy and flavorful.  And finally, the pickles are amazing.
Food was good. The wait staff was unorganized. I'm guessing because it's new. I will be back to try again because the pizza(thin crust) was very good. It is in a great location.
It is soooo Mexican. I have ever tried different Mexican resturants and this one is the least one I like
I've been there for lunch a couple of times.  The food is ok pretty much typical of a chain, if a little pricey for lunch.  Plan on giving the place a solid hour even when not busy, the kitchen is slooooooow.
This place is open very late night. Great for late arrivals and you don't feel like eating fast food. Food is pretty good. Price is average for the strip. Expect to pay about 15-25 for you food.
Cindy mans the register and makes u feel welcome and at home...the fish sandwich is fantabulous and a must have. I call order my breakfast and for 3 bucks I have my breakfast to go. Gotta luv it!!
Marche baccus is much better and less expensive.
Well, my second time at SUS was just as great as the first...if not better!!!  The scheduled headliner was snowed in, but Howard still threw together an amazing show! If you haven't been, get your ass there!!  Great comedians, great vibe, great night always!!!
Wish they had a drive through.\n\nIt can be hard to ask for regular sugar in my iced coffee when it is busy.  They always use liquid sugar and there is no button on the register to change it.\n\nEveryone who works here has been very nice!
great service, delicious food.  A little overpriced, but, thats Vegas!\n\n\nwonderful place to visit if you are staying at Planet Hollywood.
Took 10 minutes to get a sandwich. Corned beef sandwich was supposed to be hot. It was cold. Asked for a bagel to not be toasted. They toasted it. Corned beef was dry, might have been frozen. Never going back.
Built like a sports bar and connected to the Hospitality Suites hotel.  Pretty good food, not many beers and good price.  Not much character but good for a coupla cheap drinks and watching sports.
I've tried a few massages in the past, but never really got much out of the experience. Then I got in an auto accident and my chiropractor referred me to elements. That's when I learned I wasn't getting enough massages to really enjoy the benefits. The studio is affordable, clean and a joy to visit.
So lame that they don't take reservations for parties less than 6 people...seriously?  Drove across town to find a hour wait for 4 ppl.  Good food, but not worth that long of a wait when there are so many other options downtown.  Say it with me...Open Table.
I like the downtown it was different then the yuppies!! The drinks where strong and people where friendly and the clubs where good
Great service and awesome spot! I love getting my hair done at iBlowdry. It's super convenient and always has availability. I purchased a deal of 3 blowouts for $80 and haven't had an issue redeeming. I hope you get an opportunity to experience this convenient service.
Well would've loved to try this place based on the reviews. Arrived here right at 10:01 AM and they weren't open. Waited another 10 minutes and no one still showed up. Very unprofessional to be late to your business.
Decided to try the latest craze and had the bacon cheese burger pretzel sandwich. It was pretty darn good.
Melanie is very serious about what she does.  That makes me trust her. Her technique is flawless hence the name of her company!  Highly intelligent, fab bedside manor and beautiful person.  I would  never let anyone else touch my face!  Love love love her!!!
1 - Enter place\n2 - Find seat\n3 - Go to bar\n4 - Try to order\n5 - Have rude bar staff telling you off for not waiting at the table\n6 - Leave place\n\nBeen there twice on other people's invitation. No reason to return there spontaneously.
I was mildly skeptical simply because of all the 5 star reviews of these guys, but they have earned every single one.  They are fast, efficient, and respectful.  They are your guys for moving a piano.
The ambience and the setting is awsome but i expected a lot more from the food.  Came out slighlty on the cool side so by the time I was finishing my plate it was warm at best.  We had breakfast but i will be going back to try their lunch and dinner.
I used to love coming here until I came to pick up food for my office building and the staff on the clock didn't know how to use the register and could only accept cash. I had to sit for 20 minutes to wait for the manager to come back from wherever they were to take my card. Thanks, now my food is cold.
This place is dirty. I would not come here again. Some of their seafood looked like it might make me sick later...so I didn't eat it. The seafood did smell. I don't recommend it.
I really like this place because my pho always has alot of meat! I don't have to add anything to the broth and its always really fast! The service isn't too bad, but not good.But the pho makes up for it because it comes piping hot. Get what u pay for here.
Surprisingly a not so great place for meatheads to eat. Food is really greasy. That's probably the main ingredient, grease. They drown everything in fats and their cajun spices to mask the mediocrity of their other ingredients. I would not recommend this place but it's not inedible.
Friendly, helpful, knowledgeable associate in the appliance department. Answered my questions. Double checked measurements before ordering special order. I am very pleased with the service I received @ this Lowe's.
The food is absolutely great! If you are looking for sushi a la carte style, this is the restaurant to go! I just wish the staff is a little bit more friendly! This is a problem I encounter with  a lot of family restaurants! They always have great food, but they dont really care about service!
I LOVE this place! It's waitstaff is super sweet and attentive! Their dinner combos are more than enough!! I always get the sesame chicken and it is always delish!
I am a seasoned buffet vet and this was the worst buffet I have ever eaten at in Vegas.  We went for brunch and it was so sad.
$7 draft Beer, no Thanks . the Bar Tenders here are Rude,stuck ups, they think they are better that the Costumers.  they forgot they are Just Waiters.  this is not West Hollywood ,  drop the attitude and give some smile . you will never see a Penny from my Fabulous Wallet .
Best Sports bar in downtown by a mile. If you are lucky you might even get to meet Alice. The big unit is an amazing dog. As for the rest of the food I have never had anything bad and I have been going since it opened back in the day. Also a fun place to watch a show.
This place is a hole in the wall restaurant for sure.. The burgers are very good the fries are out of sight.
Staff is friendly. Smoothies are a little sugary for my taste. Coffee is great.
Tweak tweak ... I love it because its QT. But I swear there were needles and gram bags all over the floor (not really) but might as well been since im guessing about 50% of all customers were high on some sort of substance
I mean I know it's McDonalds but for the third night in a row their ice cream machine was down. Fortunately Wendy's next door was open and there's does work
This place is awesome! These guys are friendly and know their stuff. They have a lot of great beers on hand and make great recommendations. Plus, they have a drive-thru and a cat for a mascot! How cool is that?
This place had one of the best indian food I have had!! The chicken tikka masala was amazing...a good variety for their lunch buffet...and usually u get a good discount coupon on yelp that helps...
I thought this sandwich shop was very good!!  The sandwich was soooo tasty and the people that worked there are very friendly.  The sandwiches are huge and it's not too expensive b/c they are so big.  I will definitely go back.  \n\nGo try it!
I LOVE The Cracked Egg! My husband and I drive 4 hours to get to Las Vegas for two reasons, the pinball hall of fame and the Cracked Egg. They have great service, delicious food that is always fresh and excellent coffee. Well worth the wait (which, if you have a larger party, will be certain)
I don't usually leave yelp reviews, let alone nasty ones, but I just got a godawful haircut from a godawful barber at this place. Ruined my day.
Good food! Try papaya salad and Garlic fried shrimp.\nMy favorite location for special event.\nBut service is not always good.\nAvoid busy time! You have to wait tooooo long!
Perhaps one of the best casinos to sit at slot machines and collect drinks for the price of tips.
Mediocre food, nothing but Cuervo, bleh. We came in needing some solid food and were sorely disappointed that they didn't even serve booze until 7am. At an airport?! Heresy. The breakfast was gross, to boot.
Perfect shop for unique, witty, and humorous cards, gorgeous stationery, beautiful paper goods, and various novelties and gifts. I appreciate the staff are always helpful and courteous. Parking can be a pain, but once you score a spot, you will be delighted to explore all the goodies in the store.
Yummy the linguine clam. We have lunch there today, good view and ambience. The dessert tiramisu is also great. The location is also good, and this should be one of the best choice in this area.
Get there early if you want more selection of bagels. These bagels toast up really well, crispy on the outside but tender on the inside. Dang it, I all of a sudden want a bagel.
friendly bartenders esp Brittany (sp?)\nfriendly people\ncheap booze\ngets you drunk\nwhat else can u ask??
Great quaint neighborhood and good drink prices! I love the ambiance, will be back soon.
Went this morning to the Farmers marker at Town N country.. it was a nice experience.  Although it was small it had some nice treasures.  .....  organic herbs for juicing, lavender wool balls for organic fabric softener, fish , veggies and home crafts.
Great food always!  Rice and beans are great.  Happy hour is very good as well. Get the $3 house margaritas!
Delicious chocolate crepe and lots of tempting eye-candy.
DO NOT GET LOBSTER CHIPS. $13 for little bit of fried lobster and some fries. RIP OFF. If you decide to come here. Order something.
Downtown Tempe now has free metered parking after 6 PM on weekdays. It gets crowded, but some spaces are usually available near the Tempe Beach Park end of Mill.
Stopped in for a quick breakfast bite and a drink.  The bartender was friendly but a little brash.  No worries, I didn't plan on staying there too long anyway.
We used to visit this place most every time we went to Pittsburgh.   The menu has change and so has the food  I ordered off the lunch lunch special and the Kung Pao Chicken was average at best and the egg roll was horrible.  My friends has water chestnuts with black spots in their dishes.  We shall not be going back there.
Huge portions! One regular order lasts me three meals.\n\nI'll be coming back here to fulfill my bbq cravings.
Good wine selection but the dude named Paul asked me if I need wine glasses or am I going to drink it out of the bottle.  Hu!  I have wine glasses thank you.  Rudeness tells me why he hates working here unless it's a bad joke, probably but still inappropriate.
this location blows.  had to wait an hour for a car to be ready.  it's not that hard folks, but apparently this location has not figured it out.  the manager Ken is a chump that does nothing to make things right for the customer - needs a lesson in customer service and to wipe that smirk off his face.
It's what I'd imagine my grandma's cooking would be like...if my grandma were Thai, lived in Madison, and owned a restaurant.
Seriously... It's just a sandwich people. You can dress up bread as much as you want but if you don't do it right, don't brag about it. I've had WAY better. Two stars because they gave me a cookie.
Interesting place to say the least. Crowd was good and lively and the beer was priced fairly. They have a foozball table and a good selection of music.
I have been going here for 20 years now!  It hasn't changed a bit!  Perfection needs no change!  Great burgers for sure!
Owner is not friendly, and their pricing is ridiculous - $7.50 for a blouse and a collared shirt? How are there other items on their racks?? No way...bad enough that next time I'll drive the 6 miles out of my way to go to my previous cleaner.
This is one of my favorite Targets in town. It's clean, organized and fully stocked. My favorite thing at Target is usually the clothes clearance section and they have some serious racks to browse through. \n\nThe employees are cheerful and friendly, which is another plus. All in all, great Target in town.
Good service and sake but sushi all came cooked to some extent and warm. Disappointing!  But will work for a late night dinner.
Pretty typical sports bars vibe. BBQ is good. Service friendly. But that piece of brisket - man was it good! Like a little steak, a little prime rib, and brisket all in one!
all I can say is go early, this place locks the doors at 9 PM.  The menu is large, the food is pretty good. Everyone was very friendly that I can say.  I would go back just for the people.
Obviously not a review of In N Out because I am a die hard fan. Location staff was especially friendly and thought that was awesome. Tell corporate to slow down on the mass locations! Don't want to dilute the best burger ever!
Excellent place to eat. Great service and outstanding food (especially the gyros). Would love to explore the market side more when my two year old isn't pulling all the candy into her arms.
Innovative cocktails with a really great happy hour for drinks. The cocktails were 7 dollars each. It did take a bit of time for service but the bartenders were really nice and accommodating.
went here to buy a camera, the employee named Tony, was a complete a-hole. \nvery condescending. treated and talked to us as if we were trash. i will NEVER go here again.  just because we are not professional photographers does not mean we don't deserve to be treated with respect.
Very nice brew pub to compliment the Madison beer scene. All the tastings in the beer flight were good. The food menu is also quite good. Worth a return visit.
No reviews? Does this place even still exist? I LOVED it when I was growing up in Green Valley. Sicilian breadsticks with artichoke hearts... mmm. Great pizza!
Don't speak English  way over priced always a hassle not worth the time or money. They say new lower prices it's  not true. Realy not all that. Done with these people .one time had a staple in our pizza. What should take 1 min takes five because they don't speak english...done
We decided to try this placed based on the good reviews here. It was awful. We ordered a few items from the menu for take out and we were truly disappointed.  The sauce did not come on the chicken and the chicken was EXTREMELY dry. We couldn't eat any of it.  Total waste of money.
Great falafel pitas and the Greek Fries are a family favorite!  Great location for the Fall-Winter-Spring as they have decent outdoor seating.\n\nThe service is hit or miss; sometimes great, sometimes absent, but the food is always good.
One of my favorite places off strip. Good pizza and Mediterranean options. I love their lobster bisque and their hummus with garlic pita bread. Good selection of beers too.
Good stuff !\nout this world!\nThe coffee is fantastic and the sandwiches were all super fresh!
When Paris opened, this place was the best buffet on the strip. This yearn the food is just a disappointment. Not going to pay $30 for food that you can find everywhere else.
I had a $40 filet mignon at Ruth Chris a few days before eating here.  For the same price, the filet at Capital was 10 times better.  I would have paid double.  Amazing place, wonderful service, and everything we ate was beyond what we could have hoped for.
There are hundreds of Thai restaurants in the Scottsdale, but this has the ingredients of real Thai: authentic food, gentle atmosphere, respectful and attentive service. We recommend highly!
Albertsons : \nin general too expensive & their layout is not for the convenience of the shoppers, but to make us stay in the store (cuz god knows no one can find anything here) so we'll spend more money. \n\nThis albertsons: no better or worse than others.
Messy plate , but its the Jonny!! Amazing
Fun store with a small selection, mostly mid-century furniture and vintage clothing that's borderline costume.  Great place if you're looking for a unique gift or nick-knack.
I only trust Shila with my brows. She's the only person I've been to that did exactly what I wanted and didn't thin them out. If you're trying to grow out/reshape your brows Shila will help you achieve that.
Shawarma, pita and garlic sauce can not go wrong with some vegeatables.  Their hummus is alright, and service depends on who you get, some the friendliest in the world others seem to hate their job.  Stick with the Shawarma and it is a no fail.
What a great place!  Cindy is the best.
Had the Chinese chicken salad, which was ok.  Also had the ice cream Sunday which was excellent!! Our server Anthony was pretty awesome!
I ordered a vegan chicken dish and when it came to the table it was a side of white rice, steamed broccoli, and chik'n nuggets...not impressed!
Went in for a fax and it was simple and quick. Have to have a card tho for the machine. I got some help because it was my first time. Nice
2 Stars for the variety and spread.\nNo stars for the food & freshness, pretty certain it gave me food poisoning.
David and his staff do an excellent job.  The only reason he doesn't get five stars is it is so hard to get an appointment and the location isn't ideal for many - it's a ways up Cave Creek Road.\n\nThis place commands a loyal following and for a reason.
The cookies at this store look nothing like the cookies on the website. They were thin, flat and hard. The taste was whatever. I even bought it while I was hungry and anything taste better in that state of mind. I think you are better off just buying the dough from your local grocery and baking it at home.
Had the fish and chips. Fish was tasteless and overcooked (dark brown). I did like the outside area and the fact that they had games (bean bag toss I think?).
We had another fantastic experience at the Palm recently. This time I tried the blue cheese & bacon burger. It did not disappoint! Once again Holly, our server, was top notch!
Horrible old chicken. I wish my tires had that much rubber. The people and the customer service is great. The product is awful.
The worst meal I had on this Vegas trip. Never again. I'm in Vegas I should've known better than to go here. FAIL
Great food and even better service!!! The staff is so friendly and helpful. Definitely recommend this place.
Not up to it's previous brunch standards. Buffet has scaled back in variety and quality.   Still good but no longer excellent.
Fresh seafood, attentive staff, and a nice physical layout. \n\nFirst time visit for AYCE lunch. Will be back!
This place was great! I wish I could try everything on the menu. Friendly service, fresh ingredients and chocolate covered strawberries. ZOMG.
I went here this am and its was ridiculously overpriced because it's 4th of july weekend! ($40) Expect a regular buffet nothing special.
Opening day everything was broken. 2nd time I went nothing has changed. The esports lan center is too narrow And the byoc area is not that big and $5 and hour too expensive. Bar was ok and bowling area is too small. Maybe next time think about how you can improve.
Food taste and quality are good but the price is high for the quantity of food they serve.
This the best BBQ place I have been to in Phoenix. It may not look high-end, but the service and food is excellent. My only complaint is the time it takes to complete the order, however, that is understandable because of the taste and freshness.
The old hag with the bad wig behind the bar is so unfriendly. She and another old lady who works there stand around and gossip about customers. I was sitting right next to them listening, like two jealous school girls. DUMP!!
Del Taco is way better than Taco Bell and the prices are way cheaper! The fried shrimp taco is unhealthy fried food heaven. The service is always fast and the employees are funny! Did I mention the prices are way cheap?
This place is one of the best Sports bar's I've seen here in Arizona. They have Pool tables, of course, but also Foosball and Air Hockey. How much fun is that? Not to mention the food is amazing. I have to mention they have the best pizza I have ever tasted!
Another great location. The service was friendly and fast. The place was also clean and well kept. This location has one of the better patio/outdoor seating areas I've encountered. Another plus is it's location at Boca Park, which in my opinion is one of the nicest areas in the city. Highly recommend.
The food is delicious but this place is probably not the best place to come if you only have an hour for lunch and don't want to feel rushed. Service was nice too, it was busy and took a bit for the food to come out. I'd go again.
Terrible. Service BAD!  The food was ok. Place looks exactly like RTO'SULLIVAN'S . They did nothing but new signage. . Walked in at noon and the place was like a morgue. No music no nothing. Needs a lot of work.
The food was delicious but was not filling. Two plates wasn't enough for me, and I'm a petite female with a slightly small appetite. What you pay is much more than what you get. My bill was forty dollars for a drink and two tapas. Would definitely not recommend if you plan on drinking heavily that night!
I've been on the hut for the chicken and waffle chips.....I just knew seven elven would have them!  Well I was disappointed!  They didn't have any!
Great little hole in the wall place at 19th Ave & Northern. Pho is really good and the Vietnamese style roasted hen is very tasty. Nice find and we will be back!
Relaxed, unpretentious, and friendly...
Moon is one of the coolest clubs I have been to. The rooftop opens up to reveal the gorgeous night sky. There are two balconies, too if the rockin dance floor gets too hot, step outside to 100 temperatures if you dare. Best DJ, but try to avoid the swarms of single guys.
HORRIBLE! Ruined my jacket and RUDE about it! Took me 3 weeks to get credited and every time i stopped by to inquire about it they were so RUDE!
Well this place does NOT have its sh*t together. 105 tonight and the fucking place won't let you stand in their only air conditioned booth. Well done!!!\n\nFuck Advantage RAC.
Great burgers an fires here. Great service and the poutine is amazing.\nWill be back here for sure.
they got the best steak in the WEST!!!! every time i go to Vegas thats one stop i dont miss.....the staff is super friendly and helpful....
Phenomenal.  Outstanding food and service.
I used to love this place! Until my waitress brought my food with a few OBVIOUS bite marks. Man I thought this was a delicious and great restaurant until this... I haven't been back for a couple years now.
Nothing fancy or memorable about flying with them, but they do get me to where I need to go.
80's called. They want their electronics back. Staff was friendly though, this is just really outdated.
Excellent Thursday night date night special for $19.95-a pizza, appetizer, and 2 small salads.  Food was good as was the atmosphere.
I'd heard a few recommendations to try the pizza here. I was thoroughly disappointed. The only reason I give it 2 stars instead of 1 is that they offer some options you don't find at every pizza place. With that said, I didn't really like the pizza.
Fili b's is the late night go to. This one by my house has the slowest drive though ever.
Not the normal food I like, but the staff are always very friendly, and very accommodating. I ask for weird things, like milk on the side, and they never make a fuss about it.  \nPlus, I am a sucker for their pot pies:)
I stop here every time I am in the Strip.  Authentic Greek grocery.  Do not pass up their stuffed grape leaves or the freshly made Babaganous & hummus.  They have great cheeses and a variety of dried lentils and spices.  You will find something delicious here, I promise you that.
Cheese Curds!
Nice flowers at a decent price!  Not sure how they can sell dozen roses for $10.
Wow, who would've though a place like this would have hand pulled noodles? Decidedly sketchy creepy plaza, but don't judge a book by its cover. Food is delicious and the price is right.
A great place for UFC fights and above average bar wings.  But dont show up early for the gifht if its a Tennessee game day.  Those fans are not too appreciative of anyone not wearing orange and dont understand that nobody cares to watch their team when decent sports are on other stations.
3 stars, only because of the birthday party company we had, The Thai food was what I would expect in Scottsdale, bleh..  I can definitely recommend more authentic Thai restaurants, and much better food...
This place runs out of certain donuts at a certain time. I was told it takes 3 hours to make chocolate munchkins.
Too bad it closed down I was a faithful customer. They had really good food and breakfast burritos!
I feel very comfortable at either of the offices I've been to. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable . I like all the frames to choose from.
Best donut shop in town! Hand made, consistently tasty!
I had my first one hour treatment yesterday and it was awesome!  Hannah was great at explaining the process and I felt super comfortable the whole time.  I definitely felt worked out and even lost 2 inches off my entire mid section.  Definitely go check her out :)
The best cake, cupcakes and cookies in town. Will use for all future events. Thank you Barbs!
Got a tepid cup of coffee at 7:00 am that tastes like it was brewed with tea mixed in with it.  It doesn't appear these people can even do coffee correctly.
They mistreat employees, and have a horrible handle on the business. Sure you serve a great hot dog, but that doesn't mean you can just abuse and take advantage of your workers. You'll never have my business again, or that of my friends and family.
Authentic dim sum, reasonably priced. Food service excellent, getting the check was a bit slower and never received water to drink. Overall great place though.
Oh how I love this place. Lobster quesadilla, pollo poblano, mole, fresh table side guac with special treats like cranberries or pomegraite thrown in. Cool art, friendly staff and the best damn sangria in town!
Fast and friendly staff! Get the double double with only cheese. Just like a grilled cheese with some tasty patties. Trust me, it's better than a traditional cheese burger!
Good authentic mexican food and fast service. Great stop for lunch. Eat at these places instead of McDonald's and Jack in the Box!
I had  northern sandwich which was recommended by  the hostess. Omg it was so.good and fulfilling. Two.people could ate it but I stuffed the whole thing. Worth the ten bucks  will be back
Great sandwiches. Service is excellent and they have a wide variety of sandwiches, hot and cold.\n\nWill revisit again in the near future.
It's a good place for lunch, but for dinner the meals are over priced. The lunch menu is still a little spendy for a lunch meal. Try the special soup, the creamy jalapeno, it's fantastic.
This store is run by idiots, and liars, I have lost my job and car because they called the police on me and said I was walking funny, said I was intoxicated but sold me liquor.
Good food, fast.  Cannot have any complaints about this place.  Food made to order and you can watch the action.  Good price and fresh.
$5 car bombs is a great way to start! Its nice to see a business in this location that is successful. They have a cute terrace during the summer but a very warm interior for the rest of the seasons. I've only had a hot dog off their menu but it was well balanced.
Slowest.Subway.Ever.
Thank you so much for the reviews!  Sound like the same techniques they use at 24hr fitness and la fitness.  At least the employees there are not rude like the ones in these reviews.  I'm not sending my employees to this place
Service is ok. Shoe dept is solid. Not much staff help on the main floor areas. Sales are usually worth it otherwise full pop retail.
Large portions. I had the wonton soup. I had 1/2 left over. They even gave me extra soup to fill up my togo container. LOW price. $8  Small restaurant with only 5 tables/booths. Only con was it took while to refill my water.
I had adt in california and they were excellent but the las vegas site is very\nbad.  They have my money and the installation day, came and went and when I called they could not give me another date and time.\nWow who is running this company?\nNot professionals thats for sure.
Well I needed a hardware fixed and no one would help me. Walk into this store and just out my faith in them. I'm about to head there now an get some more hardware soldered.
I've made the mistake of renting here twice. Each time the line was over an hour long. Life is too short. Go elsewhere.
Looks are deceiving.........Burger is comparable to a $1 burger at a fast food chain.  Milkshakes are total artificial flavoring!  Don't let the cheap prices tempt you!
Well-balanced cocktails like the Dark & Stormy (more ginger than sweet) and the Old Fashioned. Happy Hour menu includes lovely pork ramen and wood fired grill plate with 2 sauces. House made sriracha. Attentive service.
Great place to get waxed! I've gone to Bree and she's the best! The atmosphere surpasses any other waxing place/spa/salon that I've been too. Their prices are very competitive for all you get. Would recommend BOX to anyone.
Himmlischer Park mit wundervoller Aussicht. \n\nEin muss wenn man in Montreal ist!
This was an okay lunch choice. Nothing extraordinary, but the burger was pretty tasty (albeit overpriced). The service was attentive and friendly and it was not crowded. Ok, but I'm in no rush to return.
We were back in Vegas 3 weeks after our first trip and we went again.  French toast was terrific as was everything else.  The waitress says the OJ is fresh squeezed, just pulp free, so I'll believe her.  You really won't be dissappointed for breakfast. Go!
I'm surprised iat the low ratings,  I had a very nice lunch here and if it was closer to U-W  would have returned more often. I went here on a holiday when everything else was closed but it turned out to be no problem at all. The Thai dishes tasted great and had great desserts.
Always come here with my fianc\u00e9 or friend. Crepes & staff always on point. Lemon water/cucumber water self serving area, ah perf!
Los Taquitos rocks!  The carne asada burrito and the cheese quesadilla  are my favorites!
Sometimes when in a Casino you need a quick meal and CPK is the perfect place for that! Salads and pizza are always amazing. The Thai Crunch salad is my go to dish, don't forget to add Shrimp!!
Selection is ok, but salespeople are annoyingly attentive.  I think sales techniques same at all stores, maybe they think I plan to steal or something.  I do prefer the outlet store in Glendale.
This place gets an extra star only because it is where I met my significant other.. . otherwise stay away.
the name of the place says it all . It was Terrible , what they don't tell you until you check in that you have to pay a $100 deposit for the room. They room was okay , but not worth the  wait. NEXT TIME I WILL JUST SLEEP IN MY CAR.
The buffet here is OKAY.  It's decent food and not too expensive.  Everything is fresh, though, so I can't complain about that!\n\nTry the Mirage buffet for about the same price, but way better food!
This place is alright. Sometimes its great sometimes its blah. \nOne time my popcorn was so salty i returned it 3 times!! \nThe theaters are always half way cleaned. \nI love $5 Tuesdays.
Smells terrible. Needs an upgrade. But you can get a room for $24 sometimes!
I would have loved to try this place but after walking for 15 minutes it was closed. I checked the sign on the door and it was supposed to be open for another hour and a 1/2. I was extremely disappointed.
Poorly maintained. Bare dirt everywhere.
My tip is definitely ask for Angelo or call in a resevation with him he's one of the best servers iv ever seen he knows his stuff ! His suggestions for meals, wine, and dessert will have you coming back for more.
very nice a little dated but all in all very nice. if only it was closer to my house.
I didnt eat here.\nI did make like seven reservations and the people were nice about my changing them three times, canceling them, then trying to get back in for them when stupid diego said buh bye.\n\nSince they were so nice, I would come back and try to eat there.
Gravy is like paste.....
The chicken fillet has gone on a diet.  Sad they have reduced the size of the chicken fillet on their sandwich.  Probably yet another result of ObamaCare, but the new lightweight sandwich doesn't even fill you up.
No seriously. This is not sushi, this is some sort of Montreal fusion sushi-lookalike.
Best local donuts in Chandler.  Wide variety and quick service.  Must try local place.
This is a good Mexican food option on the strip. The food is all good, but nothing that will blow away your taste buds, or your wallet. The main reason we went here was that it took reservations. And on the strip on a busy Friday night, that is valuable. Overall a good experience.
What a waste of money.  I got home and cleaned off all the missed spots and glass that wasn't cleaned.  Not to mention when I was there I was hassled to upgrade to everything, even fixing my windshield. WTF
I'm from Southern California and know good sea food. This is the one of two places in this state that I will eat sea food. The other is Mastro's Ocean Club. But The Salt Cellar is amazing!
Kalbi Ribs was good and the Garlic Chicken was ok. They give you two very small scoops of rice so I had to order a extra scoop. The macaroni salad had no taste and would suggest putting a little salt and pepper to make it eatable!
Food was delicious, portions are huge, staff was friendly.  I had the pan seared chicken and I would definitely recommend it. I can't wait to go back and try something different.
Seems weird to order wings at an italian joint but they're amazing!!! Have never had a bad meal at Oreganos!
I love this store! The people are friendly and the selections are very good. Sometimes... just a few items that I can't find, but otherwise FANTASTIC and very close to home.
I like this place, the atmosphere is cozy.  However there is something that I have ordered there that were so so. However the nachos are so ridiculously good that it will leave you drooling and full!  The small order can feed two.  PBR is only $1 here.
I have nothing negative to say about this place, the food is good, friendly employees and the atmosphere reminded me a lot of Kenny Rogers roasters.
No veggie anything at the grill and Fox on every TV. Enjoy.
Best foot spa ever. A little small so we had to wait but it was so worth it $39 for 75 minutes. The cold eye mask was great too!
Beautiful interior decor! Lovely service. Food wasn't outstanding but was very good and sufficient portion sizes. I will definitely be returning.
We were in the area and needed food badly so we settled for this cafe/bistro. The food is decent and staff is friendly. If I were stuck in that neighborhood again I wouldn't mind grabbing a quick lunch here.
Friendliest bartenders and best martinis in Madison
Fajita Fridays!!!! Great Staff and delicious food.
I only ate here once but it was expensive and unremarkable. Generic American food. I would rather grab a burger at In-and-Out.
Nice frIendly place. Always great service. The food is really good. I have tried several items on the menu and have always been happy with everything I have eaten. We love to go here to watch football on Sunday while we have lunch.
Pickup some T-Bones steaks that were on sale..............NOT GOOD VERY TOUGH.. Not worth the money on sale.
Disappointed.  I wanted bread w my pasta. Was told no. Even when menu says you get w dinner. I would have even paid. Server was just plain bad. Made me feel bad for wanting to look at menu. I almost got up to leave before I got food.  That bad.
Impressive Service!    The Guy working here told me All I needed was a new SIM Card and that was all he got for me!  Impressed that he did not try to sell me something (my contract expired 5  years ago) and my phone is more than five years old!  Wow!
Service slow. Food just okay. Won't come back
Last time I was here (almost 2 years ago). The service sucked tried again. Now I remember why I stopped coming here. No service at the bar.  Why would you have seating around the bar an not have anyone service them.  I will never go back again.  last chance!
this review will be quick and to the point!!  open 24hrs. \n\ngo hungry -- leave extremely full!!
Small ice cream place but the ice cream are so good. Good severe and service and friendly . They have all the flavor for ice cream and I love it when I can add boba and more stuff in the ice cream. Just move to Vegas and this is my new ice cream place I'll come back.
For locals you really can't go wrong for the price. Standard buffet food but at least their prime rib is cooked medium. There's nothing insanely good about this place and the desserts are just ok. \n\nIf you're planning to pay full price I would recommend M Buffet or maybe Spice,
After finding this hotel during a crisis a few years ago, we've continued to make it our home away from home in Madison on several trips. I still can't believe that for $70 you can get such a great suite with a full breakfast.
Love this place. Stop here once a week.
Spinach wrap for lunch was disgusting. Weird, pasty sauce. Whole place seems kind of dirty. Booths need to be wiped down. Don't go here unless you're an undergraduate with low standards.
Great experience as always. Sat at the bar and had quick service. Ordered food and our fries came out no later than two minutes. I had the Greek burger as usual, although I really regret not getting the good korma burger! Love this place and wish I would eat there more often.
This is a very nice place to find any clothing you can never think of from any brand install the pricing is very depend on what you want to buy. \nYour tourist and you come to town to the right place for you to find the best deal from all the different stores. \nvery recommended
So it's no surprise to me to find this has closed. With management so inattentive to customers and obviously not business savvy, it's no surprise another statistic added to the number of failed startups. No great loss here.
Excellent omelets  and light fluffy pancakes. There are so many great breakfast places in Scottsdale. This just may be the best in N Scottsdale. The patio feels like you are dining at a mountain ski lodge.
I miss going to this Americas Taco Shop in my old neighbor hood.  Glad to see they have more locations now!!  Love their carne asada and their salsa.  Yum!
This place has great ambience and could be great.... Unfortunately, the service is terrible!! Such a disappointment!
I enjoy that they have Gluten Free options. Not many restaurants do. Staff is friendly and food is good. A little  bit expensive for a cafe...
Great cheese steaks...as an business owner in Charlotte ..give it up...if you can't be there on posted hours you done your self in. ... I will never return... And stop telling friends of your quality...live and learn..good luck..
This place is awesome! It lives up to its review rating!  The girls are hot and friendly too. I can see why people could get crammed in it because it is small but if you go early or some time other then Friday or Saturday it's perfect! Highly recommend this place!\n$10 lap dances\n$25 VIP
I'm a fan but it used to be better before the renovation. They used to have the best ribs I've ever had, no longer.  Marginally worth it now.
I cannot wait to go back to Liberty Market!  I had the Farmer pressed sandwich and it was delicious!  The side pasta salad was good, too.  The other sides and desserts looked amazing!  I want to go back and try everything. \nAlso- staff was very friendly.  You just get a good vibe being in there.
Van Gogh Alive...amazing!  This was such a great way to view Van Gogh's art and be immersed in the music of that time.  $25 is a lot for an art exhibit, but upon leaving I felt it was entirely worth it.  I hope this is a trend to view other artist's work.
The night crew seemed to be playing and cracking jokes as soon as I walked in. I'm black the joke was definitely on me. Lol. I could care less about the jokes I just hope my food ain't sabotaged. SMH
Half-ass dim sum, theres better places in town. Service is poor, unless you were a rolex watch like most of the waitresses do!
Not bad. Quick burger before a flight.\nMost people are depressed as they leave Vegas which might explain the bad reviews. I don't think this place is that bad and it's not like there are many other options in the terminal anyway.
At Danny's now, for just a car wash...We paid at 2:27 and it's now 3:38 and my car is STILL not finished. Ridiculous how much time I waste here and if you value your time, find another car wash. I am- Danny's just lost two regular customers.
The best shrimp cocktail I've ever had. Prices are very affordable. The rolled tacos were not good at all. My husband had a california burrito and was not impressed, it didn't even have french fries in it. I probably would not eat from here again.
Expensive. Ok I don't know a real brat if it fell and hit me on the head, but $15 for three brats, some sauerkraut and mash? Great atmosphere, beer looked awesome but I'm not spending $30 with tip for a beer and German hot dogs.
Not much by CA standards. Asked for a very common dish and they don't even make it, yikes!!
If you're in the area you've got to check this place out. We had both breakfast & lunch here this weekend & were incredibly impressed with their food. Plus they deliver. :-)
Obviously it's a buffet so they use very very low quality ingredients I can't imagine anything being worse than this in terms of Chinese food.
Don't head over for an early business lunch since they don't open till noon. Here is a hint for a restaurant owner in Arizona. It's hot outside. We start work early. We eat lunch early. You are losing a lot of business if you don't open by 11. 11:30 at the latest.
We switched to bluesy about a year ago and have had no complaints. It's easy to find, clean and safe, and they always honor their discounts. The drivers are always nice and helpful. Bill C was very friendly, got us to the airport safely and quickly, even asked which door we preferred.
this was a nice place, the pedicure was excellent.  $35 for a manicure/pedicure. \n\nwill go back again when I'm in town.
terrible service...food ok but they had 2 server's covering the whole place the night we went and waiting for a pizza took up to an hour...and its not so good that it's worth the wait. too bad because we were hopeful for this neighborhood joint.
Excellent service. Quick response. Replaced irrigation valves and tested. Very professional.
Pretty good subs.
Appreciate the great customer service!
One of the oldest hotels on the strip.  Rooms are somewhat nasty, but the location is good.  Casino sucks.  This place is for midwest tourists on a budget!
You get what you pay for is not true here\nPrice - four stars\nQuality- three stars\nService - three stars
The food was okay. The server was very nice but he was also the bartender and couldn't be attentive to our table as needed. Plus he got sat a table of 12. Unsure if they were under staffed but the food wasn't that great to possibly return again. I wouldn't mind returning to give the service another go.
We order the chicken nachos and Turkey burger. It was just OK nothing special the chicken was dried out and tough to eat on the nachos. The service was good and had plenty of TVs to watch the games.
Thus far they have been very unaccommodating just to schedule an appointment to come in! The receptionist has been very short n rude over the phone. Very limited days/times to take patients, and\nI already purchased a Groupon for a cleaning. \n\nI have very low expectations!
Finally I've found a sub shop that his a big menu and good food!  The chicken finger sub is the best I've had on this side of the Mississippi. Just the right amount of crunch to the sub role and perfectly breaded juicy chicken. Just can't beat it
I love the Passion fruit jelly ice drink that they make but they chrger $1 extra for aloe! I wanted to replace the boboa with aloe and didn't mind paying 50 cents extra. But $7 bucks for a med ice drink is expensive!
I thought this was a thrift shop?  Well, I gagged at their prices...no thanks and no way.
Sometimes service can be a little slow but the food is always great here. The Cedar Plank Salmon is probably my favorite. They're generous on their wine portions too and the managers are very attentive.
This is a very nice barber shop. I felt very welcomed. I have two boys with two very different texture hairs. My youngest (6) wanted a frohawk and my oldest (10) wanted a mini Afro. Mr.Shea did a great job.
This hotel is nice. The staff is quite attentive, rooms were top-shelf, and it's right across the street from Fashion Show Mall.
I love the cupcakes from this place!  I think they have two locations now, but I've only been to the one at Arrowhead Mall.  They guys are always nice when you're making your selection.  The prices aren't too bad, especially for the flavor of the cupcakes (and frosting).
Lives up to its 2 star rating. Very small, expensive and noisy.  Maid never showed on day 2 of our  stay.  Great location to Heinz & PNC. Use only as a last resort
Old school.....traditional \"mom 'n pop\" quality and perfection. The best fish and chips you'll ever enjoy and equally superb fried shrimp. A great out of the way, non-corporate, vestige of Americana. You will love it.
Great place! Breakfast lunch and dinner. It has a small grocery for you to get middle eastern delights. They do some of there own pastries and it was delicious. We had something that came with honey on top and served warm. I'm unsure of the spelling but highly recommend it!
If you like a good burger then check this place out. They have so many options that you can choose from to make your own burger. I am usually not a fan of sweet potato fries, but these ones come with a dipping sauce that is amazing.
Average diner fare.  We went here because the Crepe place was too full, and had perfectly good food.
After countless reruns on Triple D, Joe's Farm Grill became a pit stop during a business trip. The building is unique in it's layout and decor, looks like a diner from the Jetsons. Great food and definitely fresh! Will come back if in town again.
Aria what happened? You were our favorite.  Never again.  There was not one thing to put in my mouth and smile about.\n.....  Just average.  And below average   Shame on you
Pizza tasted ok, was pretty greasy despite me taking off excessive oil with a napkin, got the white pizza. 10 min later had to run to bathroom!! Actually in 3. Haven't eaten anything for 6 hrs before then. You may get sick, proceed with caution
This rating is for the counter/cashier for the cook food. I agree with the comment that this ordering/ paying is just unorganized. I hate it when i was there to buy dimsum but ignored that those who are buying food on the right side of the counter.Please add more cash register .
Racks full of costumes. The perfect place for Halloween accessories. They even had a sale rack. Which is good because most fully decked out costumes aren't cheap. Cool stuff for theme parties also.
Sad to report that 'I Ching' closed permanently on July 1st.\n\nJust posted for info and 1 Star only denotes the fact you cant eat there anymore!\n\nNever a good thing when a Local Business bites the dust.\n\nCheers\n\nPete
Closed ---- Out Of Business.
Not a bad place for cheap eats, esp since everything else on the strip costs big bucks!\n\nMy hubby likes to come here at least once for their breakfast foods.  We brought our 5 month old and they seated us all the way in the back so we couldn't smell the smoke.
Just another Robertos or Don TorTaco. I asked for green chile on my Burrito and you'd have thought i was speaking chinese.25 years in Albuquerque makes me a little snobbish on Mexican food . This isn't close. This is cali mex ok if you like that .
Great show and priced well. Sat in the front row for reasonable amount. The illusions are unbelievable and he is a great showman with plenty of entertaining dialogue with the crowd and smaller illusions to fill in time while his crew sets up the large illusions.
Not sure what all the hype is about for this place.....Been here 2 times... Very average.... It seemed similar to food from Del Taco, but on a real plate. Anyone who gives this place 5 Stars, really doesn't know what real Mexican Food is.
One of my least favorite Ross locations. Unorganized and messy, it's almost impossible to find anything purchase here. \n\nI wander around aimlessly and almost always leave empty handed because I just don't want to bother with the long lines or dig through piles of unorganized crap.
I suggested this show for my family and I will admit, it's not the most family-friendly show since there are a lot of sexual innuendos, BUT it was still super fun nonetheless!
Overpriced crap.
Heard a lot of this place for buffet but disappointed, may be because of comparing with other buffet in US. Found silverware not clean and short of spoons.\nA place to visit once not often.
Its a crappy place cowboy thugs and wAnna bees 6 bucks to get in to a country bar that plays hip hop. No go.
Went on a Friday night and was able too get in without a wait. I ordered the St. Louis ribs full slab with fries.\n\nEvery year I go to Kansas City just too eat ribs. Flavor was good but not impressive.
Always on the slow side. I'd agree with Sott W. - they just don't seen to figure out how to make it work. They are busy, but not effective at all. It can take quite a while to get your food.
Great family pizza joint.  Liked the ambiance, fun and welcoming.  Had lunch...Food was above average.  Will definitely come back for dinner some time.
I've heard a lot of good reviews so I went and tried it out. The place was clean and good service. I wasn't a fan of the wings they are more on the slimy side. The French fries had good seasoning.
We have ordered the regular crust for years, just ordered the thin crust last night and liked it better. will be ordering thin from know on! Keep up the good work! Oh Ya, Please quit running out of Blue Moon every time we come in.
I have had better pediatrics doctors for my kids. Picked this place when Loved and it had great reviews. The nurse staff is great but Dr. Mitra and I do not see eye to eye on parenting style regarding sleep for my infant. He was a little pompous actually about his recommendation so , I'm out.
Decent burger but outrageously overhyped. Horrible wait around lunch time and definitely too expensive for what it was. I'd recommend a lot of other burgers before I'd ever recommend this place
Moderately good food. Less than I expected. Cash needed
Dinner with friends on valentines day - food pricing absurd - service lousy. Many better choices.
Cool theme for a cocktail bar with icy bar & good drinks. A little pricey but they honored my gf's yelp deal without complaint. Staff was friendly and attentive. Atmosphere was pretty quiet compared to nearby clubss but it was a Monday. Excellent vodka selection. Would recommend coming back on the weekend.
Given the location of this place it offers a nice variety of food choices.  It's a mix between business and casual and pretty fancy so it's a nice atmosphere. I'll give it another chance before I decide if I'll go there frequently or on special occasions.
Segun de Michoacan y tienen pura comida Salvadorena esas son mensadas deverian d acer Mexicana
FOUR hour wait on a Tuesday morning!!! Ridiculous!! NEVER coming back! Once I did get checked in.. It was from person to person! No one knew wth was going on. I would have left if I could have!!
Nice, clean, and cozy place.  It smells fanastic in there.  They employees are friendly, fast, and accuracy in the orders.  I got the iced green tea, yum!
Very bland white people Chinese.  Nothings cooked in the sauces they're supposed to be in.  Save yer money cuz it's pricey and go to Panda down the street instead.
I realize that Yama means mountain, but its still good sushi.  The sushi is fresh, the service is great and the price is right!  Love the garlic tuna and the Harry Potter Roll.
This was the first time we had ever eaten at a Hooters and it was actually a very pleasant surprise! The food was tasty and the service was good. I loved the shirt I bought at the store but I left it on the monorail which was VERY upsetting. \nI think I'll be back!
Went in to get my hair cut yesterday as my first time there. Service was excellent. I was very happy to see how clean everything was, as well as how friendly the staff was. This is the only salon I go to from now on!\n\nHair stylist: Michell.
excellent burger. very filling.
I'm not a bagel expert, but I have to say the bagels here are really good. My favourite is sesame - love it with plain cream cheese & smoked salmon. The bagels come fresh out of the oven. Last time they forgot my order, and the guy gave me 6 free to take home! Yay!
Oops thought this was medical clinics of az. This one is fine. Medical clinics of az stink!
Service was incredibly unremarkable, slow and inattentive even though they weren't busy. Blt was not any better than hospital cafeteria food. Pesto mushroom sandwich was the best of our dishes, if a little too cheesy. Chicken chili was okay, but underseasoned. Would not return.
Well....it is open 24 hours.
This restaurant definitely lives up to its reputation, great meal and service.
Mini-Golf and Driving Range. \n\nNeither were impressive. They need to do some serious repairs to both.
Worst DJ is here. Way too loud on the microphone. I will not be going here.
Not at all happy with this place. Stains on carpet and bedding. No mini fridge. No coffee maker, or should I say you pay $4.00 a cup for it or a bottle of water. Internet access is $14.00 a day per device.
I am really happy with this gym.  They have every piece of equipment I could want, and enough of everything that I rarely have to wait for anything. The staff had also been very friendly. You can't beat the price.
Absolutely a delicious blend of flavors. The uniqueness of each type of torta makes the menu enough to entertain my pallet no matter what my mood. \n\nI recommend their Aguas Frescas as well. :)
Great beer! Great service!!! During the week fun food trucks and always a great choice of \"guest beers\"
Save your money for another day - Very poor value for 300$.\nHad much better food for the same price in other cities. \nWine parings where very small pours\nLobster was deep fried\ndesert was marginal.
One of my faves! The short ribs with the egg on top...sublime.\nthe fish tacos-the best. I love the atmosphere and the server's are great.
I don't really like cold eggs. We waited a really long time for brunch and everyone's food was cold. \n\nTheir bread and raspberry beignets were delicious though.
Went for dessert & drinks.  Bar service was a slow & desserts were meh.  Did like the location & that the front walls opened to the street, but that isn't enough to get me to go back. Too many other great options around the area to settle for meh.
The dim sum here was pretty bad.  But the service was surprisingly good.  Dim sum houses are not normally known for their friendly waitstaff, but one of the push cart ladies here was quite attentive and promptly brought me things (chang fen, Chinese broccoli) when I asked.
We saw AC/DC concert there last Friday. Great sound great views, and we were well back in the Arena. Easy to get in & easy to get out. Love to see another performance there.
Great alternative to Starbucks. I like the seating and the location. Usually less busy than the Starbucks across the way too. \n\nCoffee is good and strong.
Very very nice . Thet set up is nice and everything  is well organized. I just wish they had a little bit better customer service.
I swear it's hit or miss with this damn place. Last pregnancy this place was the bomb.com this time they are so unprofessional with their services and way of doing business. Disappointed!!
Victoria for pre-race briefing is a necessity! That girl will shave seconds off of your lap time...... This place is fun, pints, real speed, plus Race Podium sick !!!!
Delicious roasted flavor, reminds me of the incredible coffee I had while visiting Chennai, India
Way too expensive for the worst food I've ever tasted. Luckily, I didn't pay for the tix. Unfortunately, I paid almost $100 for the opportunity to eat something akin to salted dog doo doo.
Good place, a lot of food for the 4/$45 deal. Liked the uniqueness of the food, the bacon app was amazing!
Second time dining at DelMonico.  Food was great service was on\nPoint. A must when in Las Vegas
This Gas station is great! We to the opening in Dec of last year and they had great customer service and one year later they still do! I get my oil chaged at the lube all the time. The guys are very prompt and efficient!
Happy hour includes $5 appetizers and discount on wines by the glass. Try to pork empanada (little piece of heaven) and the chicken phyllo pockets.
Nice place and very friendly staff. The girl taking my order was really helpful and sweet
I had lunch menu.\nNothing special and their food is too oily.
Mu Shu was closed so we gave this place a try for takeout. Sundays and Asian food, I know. I'm Asian.\n\nCurrently suffering worst food poisoning in this decade, the kind that tears your back up from violent heaving.\n\nDon't get chicken.
The atmosphere outside on the patio is nice, but the food wasn't more than mediocre at best. Good service.
Really overall a pretty terrific hotel.  Beautiful design elements fill the lobby, rooms and other amenities.  \n\nMy only complaint is the freaking place is the size of Texas.  The signage for the room layout is confusing and in the Arizona heat every step could be your last.
This was the highlight of my business trip to Phoenix.  Everything I had was excellent, and the service is second to none.  I fly back just to eat here.
Delicious Mexican food. Complimentary salsa dip kept coming. Well worth a visit
Fun place for friends. I have been here a couple times and always go back to the bottle rockets and fish sticks. Sushi is good with some good creative options. The servers have always been attentive and fun. Tuna Tuesdays get packed so make a reservation.
Yummy food. Good service. Clean place.
NO VAPE, EVEN OUTSIDE !\n\nI am no \"power vaper\", I just enjoy a little nicotine with my after work beverage.  Pretty good Belgian tripel, really bad policy decision.  We won't be back.
Love the food. The endless tacos was a great deal. Service was well below standard; our glasses were let empty without refills and the time frame for the next order of the endless tacos seemed extremely long.  Location seemed understaffed.
I LOVE Red Robins steak fries soooo much!!...dipped in ranch dressing...of course. Always great service at this location too!!
Ate breakfast with friends.  The french toast was overwhelming!  More than any one person should eat!  The bacon is the best in town.  Compares favorably with ihop across the street and would pick indy over a chain anytime.\n\nWill go again if just to try the bacon doughnuts!
Bingo is really cheap here the bingo attendants call the numbers differently sometimes slow but mostly way to fast. Pay out is good though for the prices. I would probably come here again if i was in the area
Super yummy!  I have only had their lunches but I hear breakfast is amazing.  I recommend the turkey jalapeno press, the Biltmore Club chicken sandwhich or the chorizo burger.  Their salads are also lovely.
Worst service I ever had! Served us water didn't care to ask if we wanted anything else to drink. As we ordered our food, they were mean. Never again will I go there!
Nice enough for what it is. The service was slow, but they were apologetic, so we didn't mind too much. The chips were a little overcooked but the fish was very nice and they have some very creative batter/fish combinations to choose from.
An interesting concept, fun to toy with.  If I lived here I'd probably treat this as quik take-out on a busy day, but my visit, with the scatter-shot selection on the menu, was only acceptably good.  Still a likely choice for a quick meal.
There has been multiple time have came here around the 3am hour and they have refuse to take my order due to \"technical difficulties\" then why are u even open 24hours?
The absolute best property in Scottsdale. Nothing else compares. Not least of all because of property manager Rebecca, the best in the business.
Amazing place !!! Highly recommended and respected by me I've been to a lot from California to Arizona and I would say this is top 5 get the pineapple bowl
I arrived to early around 9p.m on a friday night. There are better drinks specials in the area besides this place
Some of the best BBQ I ever had, no questions asked, but not a restaurant unfortunately. They do have a few tables to sit outside, weather permitting. Plan on picking up some awesome food to be consumed elsewhere.
Not worth going to, poor customer service and crappy thin pizza, just keep driving on by.
I ate hear and the waitresses were cute but looked like they were on strung out on meth. The burger was good for the first 2 bites then the taste became very monotonous, I would not go here again.
The food is whatever, but it is not a bad place to stop off for drinks...  they have some of the best bloody mary's in the valley...
I went here for the first time with my parents! We had so much fun. Loved the music. Didn't drink at the bar. I did see a league playing. I would go back for the karaoke and DJ night.
I love the look of this store. The walls with the descriptions (such as dairy or seafood) are eye catchers. Everything is clean, which is always a bonus when it comes to food.
$11 for a washing-machine margarita on the Strip? Rude service, and the bar is chilly and drafty in the winter. Not sure why I got suckered into going here, but never again.
Really great food, wonderful service and a  nice ambiance. Try the raw tastings, both my business associate and I really enjoyed the scallop ceviche and the tuna tartare. Our server, Jennifer, was excellent and attentive, without being obsequious.
Just tried to have dinner. Took an hour to order the wine. An extra 15 to order appetizers that were cold and clammy. Truly unfortunate, as we will now move to Delmonico.
Stopped in for a treat after dinner and it was very tasty.  There was a nice variety of flavors including my favs (Chocolate and Peanut Butter).  There were lots of toppings to choose from and the staff was friendly.  Not much more you can ask for in a dessert place.
I haven't even ate yet... 15 min and wow here come my drinks! Hope theft food makes up for the slow service.
My boyfriend  spotted the restaurant on his way to work and since today is our 10th anniversary we decided to try it. We were so pleased. The food was excellent. They made our guacamole right at our table. The service was excellent. No complaints at all. We have now found our favorite Mexican place to eat.
I am OBSESSED with movie theatre kettle popcorn! It is my favorite- and there are a lot of great flavors
Concerned now that Silvana has left and gringos own the place.  Silvana was the heart and soul, now they are at airports and believe me it will not be the same .  Thank god we still have the Barrio cafe to go to.
This a a pretty good buffet and very unique with the whole small plate servings. I would have given more stars but the desserts really do need to be changed. They look amazing but do not taste amazing.
Eggs Benedict were just ok but the staff was very friendly and always refilled my drink
I have never waited this long for a two ingredient drink!  They did jot start my drink for five minutes and the customer behind me left five minutes ago.  Horrible customer service!!!!!!
Great Desert Place.\nCreeps don't compare to the Waffles
The building is cool, the food value is pretty good, but food flavor has diminished a lot.  The salsas were sweet (why sweet?), and the meats were bland.  Bummer.  Better Mexican food is pretty commonly available.
Great place with a nice outdoor patio.  We can ride our bikes here for apps and drinks and have done so many times.  They also catered a friend's wedding and it was great.
Great job.... Great service!!! Mercedes did an excellent job! I look great and feel great!
Modena is the best med spa I've ever been to! From the high quality lasers and equipment to the cleanliness and friendly professional staff. Dr. Yazden knows how to run an establishment. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
Gena, Chris and Valerie have some wicked talent.  I drive 38 miles one way to come to Floyd's 99... Amazing experience!
Can't believe they closed this place :( it was great for Aria. I guess they couldn't compete with the buffet and Jean George's Steakhouse. (Which is absolutely superb)\n\nRIP American Fish
The best.  Hands Down.
I've only gone for the lunch buffet. Every time we've gone, it has been ridiculously crowded. The restaurant is small, and the tables and chairs are so close together. The food is good, but I prefer other buffets. Someday I will try their dinner menu to compare.
I guess I'm not eating here today! Apparently it's a cash only day =(  feel like they could post a sign on the door or tell you as part of the greeting.
This local restaurant has great food that can be prepared Vegan, organic, and with meat. So much easier to deal with my food allergies when a restaurant is this thoughtful. Great service too!
Became our normal grocery store until we figured out where Trader Joe's was. Prices were never too high and they had special events from time to time, such as beer tastings.
Simply one of the best domestic airport lounges in the US. Food not quite as good as the DFW location but seating is more comfy.
the house is 98 degrees...not the band.  So off to @DennysDiner in #santanValley for dinner in a cool place.  Thx Sarah...best server ever!
Great waiter great professionalism.  The experience was awesome to try but to me this place is like a once in a blue moon not one of those places I would go to often. But an awesome first experience if you have never been there!
Scallops were perfect. My corn side dish was amazing and I'd eat the entire thing by myself if I could. My friends enjoyed their filets and chicken. Would I go back? Of course.
Table side guacamole is awesome.  Had quite a few different things on the menu and all were good.  The one I remember being the best to me were the enchiladas with green sauce, forget what they called them.  I have probably been here 5 or 6 times now and me and the wife love it.
I always look foward to the aruglia pear salad,  its delicious!! perfect little cafe to get great food and enjoy the atsmophere, Im listening to soft beautiful music, definatly a must try, great food!
Located inside LVH, this is top notch! Food and service outstanding!
Amazing pizza!\nReally good minestrone soup!\nSat at the bar and had a complimentary post card of us.\nReally happy to find this place
Bad food, horrible service.  Nothing redeeming about this place. Believe me, you ate better off eating at the food court in the mall.
After 4 tries here, I will not be returning. Always left with spots of hair, even after the 5 day touch up. Also, I always have an issue with the convenience of making an appointment. Totally found a soft wax place I love today which is less painful and more efficient.
Great food.  Subway is just so tired compared to JJ's   You'll never look at Subways after a Jimmy Johns.  I would normally say 5 stars for food, today's delivery was 27 minutes and we are close.
This place is creepy.
Not my favorite place, dancers look like a bunch of tweeted out tweakers bar stinks like vomit always  just GROSS in the owner is a big fucking asshole, also very small parking lot.
What IHOP should be. Good pancakes. Skip the biscuits and gravy, though. Update after subsequent visits: Their Californian burger hits the spot as well.
The meals were good, but I might come back here someday just for a piece of that banana cream pie.  Real bananas in a banana cream pie... what a concept!
Tomato, mozzarella, and basil. ENOUGH SAID!
They really need to work on there customer service whenever you call any of there departments especially aquatics they never pick up the phone I don't understand what is so difficult in picking up a phone and helping a customer VERY DISSAPOINTED
WOW!! It's my first time here!! It's turnt up and ratchet! HAHAHA. It's a pretty freakin' big venue... We got drunk and had fun. Besides that I don't have much to say about it!
I am usually very positive about reviews  and complementary about employees. Unfortunately, I made the decision of visiting this establishment tonight. If the business wishes to flourish, make some changes very soon.
it was good,
This is NOT SUSHI! way to much deep fried and rice can't even taste the so called sushi!
My first and every time here is always amazing. Just being inside is so relaxing. I was never a huge fan of Starbucks for some reason but this place to me is way better. Made me fall in love with coffee all over again
I went there as a recommendation from a friend who said this was the best pho in town. Lets say that my expectations were not met. The broth was thin, the pieces of meat were ok at best, even with the hoisin sauce. But hey, it's pretty above average so you won't be completely disappointed.
Great bar and cocktails, but very poor service in the restaurant (The Devil's Kitchen). One meal, a steak, was even served cold! Unattentive staff too. Pity, as it's a gorgeous setting. Haven't been in the club part yet.
Adam with My PC Clinic is amazing!! He has helped us with several different issues that we have had with different computers, always for a reasonable price!  Best part is our computers are always fixed!\nConnie Bunyard
Good roast beef. The place can get crowded, but service is pretty fast when they're not.
This is my favorite restaurant of all time. Healthy, fresh and fabulously low key. Love it!
Good place to grab a slice of your favorite pizza for a couple bucks.  Can't go wrong with options like that!
The menu looks awesome and the dish concepts are good except everything that comes out is disappointingly bland. Thank god there were bottles of hot sauce and salt on the table. The best part of the meal was the peanut butter chocolate milk shake. The burger and \"spicy\" Cajun soup were very mediocre.
Wow.  All I have to say is order the sea bass.  Period.
This place is great! I got a gift certificate for my wife to get a massage and she was super happy with the service she received!
Was not so impressed. Service was very slow, but friendly staff. Uncomfortable seats, extremely loud music so hard to talk and limited menu options, mostly junk food, but the meal was tasty.
Great Spot. Good Sandwiches and sides. Awesome beer selection. One of my favorites in Queen City
This is currently my favorite Indian restaurant in CU.  I like their Palak Paneer better than my version (I tend to prefer mine to Bombay and Sitara) and really appreciate the ability to order online and specify spice levels. I also enjoy the aloo tikki and plan on trying more dishes here.
Great liitle shop for everything Irish.  The owner, Nancy, was real helpful and nice.   She helped me pick out an awesome pair of trinity knot earings that I needed for a last minute gift.
Had the Churro Caramel Crave and the churros were over cooked in the microwave and destroyed my desert experience. Nice kid who made it but maybe they should have fresh churros instead of microwaving frozen ones. Disappointed because I love Cold Stone but I honestly wasted my money.
Not a huge fan of the hot fudge, but very high quality custard overall.  Fair prices as well.
We got married April 2014, and our experience was wonderful. Our relatives were amazed at the wonderful Job that was done. Thanks again for making our day so special and memorable!
Bad, just plain bad. Refried beans were not cooked, chewy. Chimichanga had more veggies than chicken. Rice boxed. Wife's enchilada tortilla wasn't even cooked/ heated. Service was avg, unfriendly in the bar.
I had the shrimp tempura soba to go. The broth was ok but I definitely needed to add some of the spices they had there. Whatever that orange spice is, it's delicious. The shrimp tempura was VERY soggy and the sauce given with them was way too salty.
OMG! What an experience! Went for restaurant week and was blown away!! Have been thinking about the steak I had last night all day! It was pure perfection. Can't wait to go back!
This is never a bad spot no matter the time of day. Seriously.
The food is a little overpriced and the beer is as well.  The best thing about this place is a guy that plays music here on Thursdays.
Fat burger does not have the hype of other specialty burger establishments. But if truly an authentic signed burger joint. May I recommend the turkey burger.
Very expensive bar. Food is mediocre at best. The pool sticks are all destroyed and the waitresses could care less.
Would not recommend to anyone. We went on a Friday night, and this place was practically empty... Maybe due to the bad music. They had some good songs but mostly just crap. Not worth going to really.
Really good fast food fried chicken when fresh.  They have a 6.99 8 Piece Mixed coupon available on the website...so I forgive them for the generous amounts of sodium they use in the batter.\n\nFat people love fried chicken and fat people love sodium....so its par for the course.
Not sure why I keep deciding to come back here. Rice is rock hard and has no flavor, along with most of the other food on the half-empty buffet trays. $10.50 for a plate of stale food and a drink that they forget to refill? No thanks.
Awesome hipster vibe that's reminiscent of something you would find in New York or Chicago. Great vegetarian options and has super nice service. It can get busy at times, so be prepared to stand for a bit before a table opens up.
The chickens enchiladas were absolutely amazing!!!!!! Some of the best Mexican food I have had in a very long time.  I would totally recommend this place and if you want really good Mexican food this place is it!
Didn't eat, but they have Four Peaks peach ale on tap and good happy hour prices on the beer, so that will earn them 3 stars!
This Panera Bread is the biggest location I have ever seen. The staff was friendly. The restaurant was super clean and our food was delivered to us fast. Not to mention, my specialty order was taken seriously. \n\nI will be coming back here more often.
Please turn up the AC!!! The food was ok, just not very excited about this place. Best thing about it is the Light switch beer.
To bad this place closed it was interesting yet yummy, big variety of Peanut Butters and Sandwiches, I was not a fan of all the flavors...
As a house band, Metalhead puts up a great show... The upstairs patio is surprisingly comfortable.  The only truly rough thing about this place- good luck trying to quickly slip in & out of the bathroom.  They could stand at least one more pair of facilities...
If you want an awesome gyro, go elsewhere.  Chicken pita is good.  Rice is bland.  Not great.
Pretty decent italian lunch. Admittedly we had some basic stuff like antipasto and caesar, but I would go back.
Extremely bad repairs! Do not take your car there.  I am in the process of suing them.  BAD, BAD, BAD!
I enjoy shopping here.  They have good deals, clean store, good selection of everything.  Good customer service.
Adorable spot for lunch! Its totally a \"ladies lunching\" kind of spot. It feels like a smaller version of Arcadia Farms. Great food and generous portions. Its tiny so expect to wait for a table but the service is low-key, the selections are great and the food is all super fresh.
Excellent food suitable for a vegetarian. Very nice and friendly service. There spa drink are to die for never seen such good varieties. Ordered the drunken noodle best decision. Being everyone here.
This place is disscuting  my son got food poisoning when I called the store mgr Alex brushed it off. His employees don't think highly of him either. Maybe corporate needs to check on his mgnmt & customer service skills
Excellent restaurant and very good service.\nPrices are very reasonable
Old fashioned kind of place.  Which means, reasonable prices, good service, tasty food in good quantities.  I've only eaten breakfast here many times, and then was only hungry for a late light dinner.
I have only had lunch there, never breakfast. The sandwiches are average and the prices are steep. The waitstaff is usually always very pleasant!
Cool concept, slight miss on execution. Half the booths are closed on Sunday. No designated parking just for the market, we got turned away across the street by the church organization. Parking garage closest to it charges $2 per 20 minutes.
The wife and I came here to get some boba tea after having lunch.  The staff were really friendly and helpful.  They have a great selection of drinks as well.  We ordered our drinks and it took just a few minutes to get them.  They were delicious!  This place is worth checking out if you are in the area.
It's your average Strip Starbucks, but totally doomed to a 30 minute wait if you stop there while there's a convention going on.  Only one register meant lines and lines...
Everything you need is here.  Plus Kyandy is so full of ideas. I just love Scrappin here.
This place is amazing. The service is so fast I think it takes less time to get my food there than at a mcdonalds. Great food decent staff.
11 o'clock mass on Sunday is like going to a Vegas show. Great way to start a Vegas Sunday.
Horrible buffet! Not a really big selection. You would think since the buffet is inside Aria it would be at least decent but I was wrong. Don't waste your money here.... I would've been a lot more happier if I just got a burger from McDonald's or something!!
Good stuff! Ordered delivery and they arrived within 30 minutes. Loved the General Tso chicken! So good!
Best Mexican on the strip
Amazing BBQ!!!  Seems like everything is fresh and made right there! And they have a smoker!!  I had the ribs and homemade sausage! Melts in your mouth!! Nothing else come close the the Las Vegas Grill!!!!  You wont be disappointed...!!
The place was just OK. The food was tasty, but over all the selection was pretty average and overpriced.
Most livable city my eye!\nPlastic yuppies around every corner looking for a reason to belong.  I can't wait for the homosexuals to take control of this dog park and give it some class.\n\nAvoid at all cost.
They accomodate almost however you want it! You can get drunk and walk the streets in Vegas with this!
I'm hungry just thinking about this place. Wow. Its a little hard to find and maybe to get to but in the end, its well worth it. I like this place. A nice change of pace from all the ultra-french in this city.
This place WAS great- Ordered from them about half a dozen times - same thing every time but this last time was AWFUL!\nI called them but they pretty much told me there's no manager available & to screw off\nSo I'm screwing off :) \nNVR AGAIN
If you are white, don't go here... They do not like white people and they will tell you to your face.  They also break HIPAA laws.  Owens and pecos location is better, but you are better off going across the street to walgreens.
Meh is right. I've tried this place now 3 times, every time it's a disappointment. Skip it.
Prices were very cheap for the late night specials. However, service was terrible. Lucky for them, they already include gratuity in large parties; otherwise, I would have left a mediocre tip.
They seem to be declining over recent years but the Mizithra is so good we went back anyway.  Appetizer flatbread was fair.  Chicken parm was fair.  Mizithra was great.
The opening and closing stop to either being happy or sad.  I think this airport needs a little remodeling and maybe a small expansion.. Kinda outdated. But everything is easy to maneuver through
Great cold subs, but I will take Penn station over this any day!
Food was just ok. Chips were cooked in rancid oil and entire restaurant smelled rancid.   The table was filthy--sticky with ground in grease and dirt that is years old.  Was so turned off.\n\nService was very good.
Love this place for a quick dozen donuts in the morning. My favorite are the ham and cheese croissants.
We ate here prior to attending the Zarkana show this past weekend.  I was really impressed with the food and service.  The bartender serving us, I believe his name was Premo, was so attentive and funny.  He made our experience all the better.  I would definitely go back the next time we are in town.
Good Food,Rude staff.Specially When u Ask to Pay with US $
Friendly service, but the food was terrible. The onion rings and smoothies were pretty good but everything else was pretty bad. My burger was over cooked and over seasoned. My husbands French fries had no salt or flavor. The Hawaiian bliss smoothie was great. We might give this place another shot before we write it off.
LOVE THIS PLACE.  the staff is awesome and always have the best suggestions.
The place is ok. Food is a bit spendy for what ya get. Lots of older north scottsdale peeps doing a lot of hugging and back slapping feeling pressured to get out of here not sure why the place is not packed. I got news for them I ain't leavin till my wine is killed!!!!
I would of given it even less stars if I could have.  I have never purchased a home before.  First experience with a Realtor and it was horrible, so much so that I have stage fright even considering using one now.  Her name is Stephanie Cross.  I intend on filing a complaint as soon as I figure out who to contact.
First time I had dinner at Rao's. Very disappointing! My wife enjoyed her meal. But my linguine and clams was awful. Service was fine. Too many good restaurants to choose from to have such a bad meal.
They were actually friendly at this location. The Scottsdale location should learn from them.
Everytime I need help with club guestlist, Hotshotvegas has always bren very helpful! Totally hooked us up for our graduation celebration also!
Lost my health insurance application along with many others according to the health insurance exchange. Very poor customer service and zero accountability. I would stay away even though their prices are low.
My husband's favorite place in town and he took his friends and family there. \nEveryone loves the place. The waiter did the bill wrong first time when we were there. \nBut the food is good.
Super slow hostess with empty tables. Probably not a good idea for lunch. Or parties more than 4.
We used to love this place and would come weekly.  My wife is a regular here and has in the past thought very highly of Mikado.\n\nLately the food quality has dropped quite a bit and the service has suffered.  We aren't sure if we will be coming back.
I went to go visit today - the shop is gone and I can't find any information as to when or why :( Their website is gone too. What happened?! :( :( :(
Very unhappy with the sales people did not do what they said they would do service department is very good
It's tough to review this. As much as I loved seeing the cute lions up close, I do think it's obnoxious to take them out of the wild and separate them from their natural habitat just for some MGM mascot or whatever you wish to call it.\n\nVery sad.
Great staff. Super friendly. Ordered a caramel frapp. Tasted good. Kudos for spelling my name right. Location is very big and super clean inside. Outside seating area is there for those willing to melt outside. Can't forget about the free wifi
Shopping at the handbags department last Sat, Marisa was very helpful.  Good service!
Amazing customer service, knowledgeable of their products, and with a large inventory! They even have their own workshop station for newbs to learn how to put together mods, or how to use their vape. Best Vape shop in Vegas :)
So just bc this place is not busy should not mean that the waitstaff should ignore the customers. \nThen all of a sudden it talked two people to bring ur food out.
La bouffe est bonne, mais je n'y retournerai plus \u00e0 cause de la malpropret\u00e9. C'est un des pires d\u00e9liquants selon les inspecteurs du gouvernement.
The food was very fresh and great tasting. The service could have been more welcoming but the food experience was very positive!
I've tried Squid Ink a couple of times. A little pricy for what you get and limited menu. The staff on the other hand is friendly and attentive.
Update: The manager reached out to us to address our concerns. She was very apologetic and offered to correct the situation for us. Not very many businesses these days will even make the effort to read Yelp and address satisfaction issues. Kudos to Del Frisco for their efforts.
Nice employees and eager to help and let everyone sample as many flavors as they want. I ended up leaving with a bag of the chocolate & peanut butter popcorn and it was fresh and so, so, so delicious.
Our waitress was great
I like the selection but good luck with the customer service. Employees are rude and not helpful at all. Had this experience more than once.
Best burgers I've tasted since I got to Montreal (only 2 months ago). The fact that you make your own burger and choose the size according to how hungry you are during your visit is a huge plus. The french fries are fried with the potato skins and are a little bit spicy which are delicious also.
First time going to this restaurant and it will be my last time. The service suck and the food is suck.Their chicken is dry as a wood.\nAwful food.. I rather go to Popeyes or MM SOUL FOOD.
This place is over-priced for the portion size. We tried a couple of different items that were just disappointing.  The only thing that was pretty good was their egg rolls.  They were not those tiny spring rolls, but even so, I have had better,  waste of money.
Best latte in Edinburgh, guaranteed.
My favorite Asian food place!!  We have spent the last 2 Christmas days here and we get take out at least a few times a month and I am always pleased with the food, service, and presentation.  There's something to be said for a good menu, relaxing atmosphere, and clean preparation.
Good place to start off the night! Pretty chill place with mellow crowd and laid back atmosphere. Drinks are reasonable considering the amount of alcohol they put in them.
The bread, fries, and the sweet corn soup were good.  We ordered the duck and some kind of chicken for entrees.  Those dishes were just ok.  Overall, for the price, the food is decent.
It was fast, it was clean, it was not thorough.  Had to ask for backseat to be wiped down.  Slow down the turnaround time for a more thorough performance guys.
Great hotel, lots of restaurants and shops within the property.  Very spacious rooms/suites.  I have stay here on more than a dozen occasion and services have always been top notch.  Only thing I don't like is that the pool area gets too crowded.
No longer halal meat store. Its polynesian pastries now.
We eat here everytime we visit Vegas, at least twice a year. The service is always excellent and we always enjoy a bottle of wine on the patio watching the Bellagio fountain show. I ALWAYS get the lemon chicken ... its amazing. We have never had a disappointing expeirance here.
Very mediocre food! Pizza and calzones are mall food court quality at best. \nIf that's appealing to you, save a few bucks and hit a S'barros instead.\n\nYour pal,\nWalter
Was VERY pleased with the work done here! After doing the alignment they drove the car to make sure it was aligned well. He wasn't satisfied with the alignment so he redid it. We drove the car on the freeway the next day and the alignment was GREAT!
I ate the hot dogs... Really not good at all... Plus soggy French fries... Sweetened iced tea in the unsweetened dispenser...
I most certainly love Five Guys Burgers & Fries! Dude, even their hot dogs rock!
The happy hour....is nice and long 2 thumbs up.\n\nWe ordered 5 specialty rolls and 2 bombers and our bill was still 50$. \n\nThe worst part is that we walked away hungry.  \nIf i spend that much I want to be full.
Wow!! What a great find! I've largely been disappointed with the burgers in Charlotte but this gem is an exception. They use great ingredients, flavorful beef, and really good fries! If you get a chance, be sure to check them out!
I purchased an item in Tucson, didn't use it and returned it once home back in Anthem. They couldn't/wouldn't refund the tax difference (a difference greater than $0.25). Other establishments can do this - not Walgreens.
Seriously great burger!  I had the Naturesource burger which boasts no antibiotics.  I only added smoked Gouda cheese on a whole wheat bun.  It was simple and had a great flavor.  I was very impressed.  The skinny fries were good too.  I will be back for sure.
My friends wanted to see this show, although I wasn't too interested in going. Glad we went...this was the funniest show I've ever seen!! I was laughing the ENTIRE time. I definitely recommend seeing this show if you have time.
FUN!  Just go and roam the isles and see what you find!  The meat counter is great quality and pricing.  The place is really clean and easy to navigate.  And the produce section has all kinds of fruits and veggies that standard grocery stores just don't carry.
Everything on the menu is delicious, try the beer sample! The salmon BLT is my personal favorite with the pesto sauce. Their artichoke dip has a different flavor than most that I've tried but very good.
Hilarious show!!  Lots of laughs, kind of dirty but VERY funny. Even the legendary Tom Green was in the audience with us for this show.  Go see it, totally worth the $$$.
Meh. Missing the old location.
i like the priced-to-move prices on the kitchen and housewares and the great selection of collectibles. the employees are all volunteers with super great attitudes.. no burnt out minimum wage employees. the clothing is limited and seems old-lady like , would like to see a more expanded collection.
Pretty good breakfast, but nothing unique.
Almost my entire house was \"furnished\" by Furnish, and I always receive compliments from people.  If this was like most boutiques, the furniture would be insanely expensive, but its surprisingly affordable.  They take already quality pieces and turn them into works of art!
This place is the worst. Made my wife so mad that she left and went to another place. They are rude and don't care if you leave. Will NEVER go back. Stay away. There's plenty of other places that will treat you right.
We had dinner three weeks ago, food was good and good portions.  We were able to plat gages and kept our self entertained
I love love LOVE this place. I've been a frequent customer here for a little over 2 yrs. Shrimp is always so plump and sauces are amazing. My favorites here are, kung pao shrimp, vegetable soup, and vegetable shrimp. The lo mein is also top notch :)
I'm lucky enough to live close to this restaurant. Consistent, excellent food and service. I also like how you can see the chefs working. One satisfied, regular customer :)
I went to this place and they told us that the kitchen was backed up and I couldn't place my order for at least 30 min! Terrible experience
Hot dogs original to Buffalo. How could it be wrong
Evening stated off horrible. Had reservations, didn't get seated and dealt with a rude bartender and beyond rude customers while we waited. Spoke to the manager, he got us seated immediately and from that point on, our service was impeccable. Our server, the manager, and the food were fabulous. We will definitely be back.
Michelle in sales hung up on me rather than answer my question or redirect me about a phone exchange. Wow.\nVerizon is normally better than this.
Stopped in while on vacation in Arizona.  The food was delicious, service was excellent, and I loved the fact you could see into the kitchen.  You gotta love it when you leave a restaurant and wish you had one just like it in your own neighborhood.
Pizza is always hot and delicious with the perfect combo of toppings, cheese, sauce and we LOVE the garlic crust. Bummed they changed their coupon policy for pick up only.
Bad food and bad drinks.\nI'm serious.  Don't come here.\nWorst joint in Pittsburgh.
Enjoyed the food, staff was very welcoming and friendly and there was no wait at all! Will definitely be returning!
How can you go wrong with Pita?? I mean, are their things I don't like on the menu? Sure. The point is, more times than not I have left tummy full & happy. Service is good, place is always lively and they have great kid plates. Go! It's good.
Well I was told by my dr that I had a appointment at 8 am well i get here and they lost the order and then they told me I was a a walk in. So now 3 hrs after the time I was told with no timeline in sight.
It was worth the $50 per person for dinner. Unlimited crab legs that is already cut in half! I especially loved the pot roast. the sushi was okay, and the gelato was bomb! i thought it was worth it. best buffet in vegas so far
Nice Irish atmosphere, decent food,  great service, fun back room with pool & darts, & live music. Enjoyable experience altogether!
Once again, extremely delicious with impeccable service. I've been here a couple of times and have always enjoyed the food, service and ombiance. The pastas are excellent. Try the Tequila with lime sauce or Chipotle sauce both with chicken. Treat your taste buds to excitement.
Vegan and vegetarian heaven! The food was super sexy, excellent, delicious, fast and fresh. The location was a little difficult to find per gps, Idk had me a Lil awkward. The set up was super cool
I love going here with family on special occasions. The food is great and the staff is always friendly. I highly recommend the wings!
I ordered a birthday cake with vanilla butter cream icing and white cake. When I picked it up it was decorated nicely, however after trying the cake the icing had no vanilla flavor at all it tasted like Crisco and sugar and the cake was dry. I will not be going back here.
Food is very good, but service is VERY VERY slow, and not very friendly. The girl running the register clearly doesn't want to be there. There are nothing but spanish magazines and newspapers on the tables, but the tv was on an english station!
I thought this place okay.  The Beef Roll was just average, not a big fan.  The side dishes were okay ... cold cucumber, sliced tofu.  I did however really like the wontons in red chili sauce.
Hidden gem, in what could be considered a very sketchy area for good food - felt like I was eating in Maui with the locals.
CHEAP Chinese food!  I've only been here for the lunch specials.  We ordered from the poster signs pasted on the window.  They were all delicious!
Great concept! \n\nDefinitely worth the try !
This place obviously changed their hours and didn't update anything else except the door on their business. Last time I came by, they were closed randomly. Ok, I understand things happen and it's necessary. No problem. However, now they are closed on Sundays and didn't bother to update their answering service or information online. Annoying.
I like to stop here for a Illy latte...I'm a fan!
Great food and perfect for birthdays. My daughter loved getting on the saddle for a yeehaw!!!  Highly recommend the steaks with onions and mushrooms. \n\nPeanuts are always fun too
Always an excellent choice!  They never fail to offer superb standards of guest service and the food is always fresh and delicious! I love the animal style fries and cheeseburgers and they're amazing shakes!
Not very good costumer service, came in and got the wrong hookah e-liquid and came back for exchange and they will not accept it. It's a simple mistake and easy fix but they will not help out, not recommended.
Basic Italian fare in a chain-style atmosphere. The service is excellent and you can draw on the tables. Nice food presentation, you can dine here without breaking the budget. Excellent desserts.
The sushi was surprisingly really good, but the rest of the food was mediocre. The place was clean and service was decent. It's no five star buffet, but my experience was much nicer than the previous reviewers. I would recommend for large parties as there are many options, especially for kids.
If you have kids this is definitely one of the places to bring them. I don't know why but I always expect aquarium to be larger then they are. It was pretty cool though. You get to walk through a jungle like area and then pet some sting rays. Finally you get to see the sharks! It was fun and educational.
$35 for brunch, fewer selections of food than Bellagio's buffet. The quality of food is Okay, Not that great of taste. Not worth the money paid.
Always honest, reliable and about 2/3 the price of my old mechanic.
the property is undergoing construction.   You may want to select another location until they are done.   then you should let a few months pass and check the reviews again.
BBQ salmon.. Even though the ocean is so far away, the ocean seems next door.  Great service.  Everyone seems like they are at the beach, even though the wait staff might be dressed as if they are in NYC, there is a sense of class.  Get the calamari!
This place is overrated. The sushi is just okay.
Sheets!!!! Ask for Sheets at the door he'll be able to take care of you! If your an Asian Female even better, he'll love you for sure!
Our table shared a bunch of different dishes and everything was delicious. Especially loved the banana pudding for dessert. Service was very helpful with the menu and friendly as well.
Worst service ever!!!!\nThis office doesn't answer phone calls. They were supposed to pick us up from the hotel and never showed up. This office should be closed!
This place is so. freakin. cool.\nIt's just off the Fremont Street Experience in Downtown Las Vegas, and THE place to be as a local. They have all the arcade games you played as a kid (or at least I did). I LOVED the Simpsons and TMNT games!!
One of the better airports to transfer in from Boston to Daytona Beach. I've generally found that everyone here is friendly. The rocking chairs are a nice place to sit down and rest during a layover. Good selection of food and shopping to keep someone busy for a while.
Our usual place for take out and my \"lunch date\" days with my toddler. Free soda with the lunch special is always a plus. Staff is friendly, food is good, and it's close to home.
It's all right here, though I noticed on this last flight from SFO to LAS that the United area doesn't have those great screens showing who is in queue for seat upgrades, stand by, etc. like SFO.  I think that would have been much more helpful.  Other than that lines moved smoothly so no complaints there.
This place is sweet. Complimentary valet, non smoking, need I say more?\n\nThe breakfast is and guest services is amazing, me an my new fiance have no complaints.\nThe rates are great even during BIG weekends.\n\nWill return!
The BEST HAPPT HOUR Spot in Town! Great Italian Food & Import Beers on tap.  This is our secret spot tnat has become quite popular! You Simply MUST Try It!
The Penang is out of the world. Jungle curry was really good. Pad Thai was just ok.
Loved the environment! Food was excellent. Just the right portion! Salsas were amazing.
A great new addition to the Fremont St area.We were on a pub crawl as a group and stopped for a bite to eat .Everything you need was there food, drink , music, washrooms.I was impressed and will be back next year, keep rezitalizing the area it will draw more people.
Of the ones in my area this one is the worst it's always dirty and had an odd smell the workers don't seem to like their jobs and it's not as organized as the other ones on the upside it's the closest one so out of convenience I go there that's the only reason I do
The staff was nice, the prices were not horrible and all.  Only down side is I was expecting to be able to be done but that's not something they're set up for.
had the #6 and also an order of wings. for the price it was great. it was good but not great. on the plus side, its 24 hours.
Very good prices, and staff is friendly, donuts are good but not amazing. I still think Krispy Kreme's fresh glazed donuts are better.
Recently renovated. Very effective and well-flowing floor plan. The section for well behaved children and brats is located on the complete other side of the building from the rest of the library. Genius!
Great Mom and Pop joint! Sucks that they're closed Sun
Went from the best HH to the worst, with no warning.  I have been coming here since it opened and was here last week, half price drinks and apps....today....full price and no one said anything until I questioned the bill.   This loyal customer will not be back!
It is a 7-11. Usual stuff. Clean store.
The only thing I can say is that I practically live here.... my place is like an Ikea catalogue.
do not move here!!
Nice place! I had the half Humdinger sandwich and half greek salad. All of it was tasty.  Their homemade bread can't be beat. When I walked in you could smell the bread baking! Yum!! Give it a try!
I've been coming here for a while long before they changed the name to Kanji and I just cannot go any where else for teppan. Great food and service, what more can I ask for in a restaurant!!
Delishhhh... blueberry crepes w/cream cheese!
The patio is great! We had an amazing waitress who did well with suggestions as it was our first time. The pear cider is delish!!
This is one if the best 24 hour fitness in the Phoenix area. It is clean machines r not worn out, staff friendly and it's never busy. Great place to work out!!!
Two stars for food, no stars for Service = one star.
Ein brutaler Vorgeschmack auf sinnloses Geld rausschmei\u00dfen.
This Starbuck's is friendly and fast. Everything is always made perfect and consistent. They know what they are doing here and are happy. You can tell when the staff are happy where they work.
Fantastic food.  Fruit plate was enormous, fresh with great variety.  Gyros were very tasty.   Decor is kind of neat with neons and cozy booths. Waitresses were very nice and had cute uniforms.  Overall, one of my very best Vegas eating experiences.   Definitely will be back again.
Too greasy. I am sure that is their plan. Grease and salt the heck out of the food, so people will need to drink more beer. We will never the go there again.
Prices have gone up at way to much for the food and the service is not always good . I had to keep asking for drink refills and chips
I've seen two other Cirque du Soleil shows (Love and Ka), which I like better than Mystere.  The acrobatics are amazing, but I wasn't the biggest fan of the comedic moments or the baby.
Had jury duty for a week and a half. I doubt I would have been able to survive without this place. It's a Starbucks, it serves what I need. Service was great, although the line was a little bit long, but that's to be expected.
Good service here, the girl is nice and speedy.  The miso ramen is toooooo salty, but still tastes good. The portions are OK as well, but the price is def a little higher than what I would want to pay for gourmet ramen. Will try again though
Luis is a rude self righteous doorman. These people think they are hot shit. Worst club ever.
UPDATE:  The car sold after being listed for two days.  It was bought by a mechanic that spent an hour looking over the car.  He payed my full asking price because he said he couldn't find anything that needed repair.
I also like the new PV Mall location.  Much roomier.  I always felt like I was on top of everyone else at the Greenway location.\n\nI go for the bagels.  I haven't found a bagel I like better than Chompie's.  Best. Bagels. In. Town.
I eat here for lunch from time to time. Great food for a great price. So if you like gyros then this place is for you!
Nice remodel and pedicure was ok, but still searching for my go-to spot.
Very nice Walmart! When I went to Vegas, I stayed at my cousin's house and did all the home, food and alcohol shopping here. It's huge like any other Walmart, but it's not as busy as the others I have seen.
Got my hair cut here yesterday, nice guy (Jimmy).  Looking at it today it looks good, very good. Was going to Tonys, for $45 this was half the price and no Attitude. Going back next time too.
Mmmmm.... I love Sierra Bonita! Just a great restaurant with a carefully thought-out menu and great service. Their weekend brunch is amazing.
On paper, happy hour sounds great. In reality, it sucked for us. Drinks were very pricey and the food was okay, even at 50% off. However our bartender was very rude and snarky. She had a rather bitchy attitude. Go to Brooklyn Bowl for better food and drink prices.
Only thing going for this bar is the little person that comes out and feeds people shots.  Otherwise, typical bar that allows smoking.
Here now for lunch. Cesar salad was a bit wilted. Potato wedges were underwhelming. California chicken sandwich was just ok. I'd give 2.5 stars if I could. Gordon Beirsch kills this place. Service was fast and friendly so there's that.
Well my wife and I rented a property from this company for 1 year and they were really easy to deal with and got all of the problems fixed in a timely manner aswell as following up and checking to make sure issues were resolved.
Nice gentleman greeted me at the door. Got exactly what I needed which were two iPhone 5 at $199 each.  Fast service
Had a Caesar salad as an appetizer and then I had the spaghetti and meatballs. Absolutely delicious! Service was great! \nWe watched the FIFA world cup on a big screen and had some yummy cappuccino as well. This Italian place never fails for us!
Originally had this in the bay at the hole in the wall taco truck, definitely brought all the flavor to sin city.\nI would give it 5 stars, but the guacamole was so bland. \nBuche is a must
Good strong fresh coffee. Cool but still friendly staff. Unhurried vibe. Super cute decor. Love it here
There salads are the best.  Love the Anderson Springs location, very fun to sit on the patio overlooking the water.
I love this chick fil a. The customer service is awesome. There are always employees asking if I need anything and making sure I am satisfied. Obviously a great place for kids. The outdoor space and playground is nice and well kept.
Was craving a fresh salad and I got exactly that. Tons of veggies, light dressing, super fresh greens. The chicken was grilled to order. Pretty perfect lunch.
Horrid service!! Food was decent. The waitress was quadruple sat and forgot an order. Sigh.
Overall nice club, but music kinda sucked that night. I don't like trance, even if it's mixed in with the hip hop. \n\nHeard it's better in the summer because you can dance in the pools and chill on the lounge-y beds. I went in December. =(
Tried the Grecian Delight Pizza and Aegean Club sandwich. Large & delicious portions! Would definitely recommend this location! Great service too.
Lovely authentic diner with cheap breakfast food and cool staff. It's a real experience and great for hangovers.
Prices are okay. \nTheir bakery section is not good, so don't go there and expect to find a nice loaf of crusty bread. Plus the store feels dirty.
We called George to help us build two media centers to accommodate our electronics and large televisions. George gave us a fair price and did excellent work. We are very happy with his company and his services. \n\nThank you Yelp and thank you George.
One of the bets boozers in the city and a cracking pub quiz on a Sunday to boot. Landlord Jamie is a great guy and always very welcoming.\n\nHighly recommended for a nice few drinks!
Good beers on tap and very good service.  Lot's of food for the price
This is an out of town shopping centre.It offers a lot of parking and good shops.It also offers places to eat.It has a morrisons that is a doesnt size to do your shopping.Its a good place to go to.
For being Social Security they have Nothing for handicap access other than a button to open the door (going in only!!) the wait time is outrageous and the staff is just uninterested and bored with their job. One of the worst offices I have been in.
I get my eyebrows threaded here. Donna is amazing!  I've been getting them threaded for over 10 years back in Chicago. I found this place on luck, thought i'd give it a try and haven't gone any where else in past 2 1/2 years.  I highly recommend it.
All the other reviews cover the details.\nManagement should think about getting some less disgruntled evening managers however......
Huge thanks to all the cool people over at the Hi-Liter for an awesome time during my best friends bachelor party!!! We had a large group and the staff at the Hi-Liter treated us right from start to finish!
This place is great the food is always fresh and I love to sit outside when the weather is nice. I thought I would not like the new district with the parking but it was not as bad as I thought. Go for lunch or brunch you are sure to enjoy this place
This Outback is my fav IN ALL of AZ. :) Not only Is happy hour all the time, but the staff is very nice. The food isnt' fresh but, like I said the booze and staff are great!!!
We heard about the 5.99 steak & eggs special and couldn't resist coming here. The place is in the middle of the casino. It wasn't very busy when we went, and the food was pretty good. It wasn't the best I've had, but for 5.99, you can't complain.
The only reason I gave it two stars is because the wings are amazing. The serve is absolutely horrible. It took forever for them to even realize we were there. Then we order drinks, appetizers,  and dinner since we had plenty of time to think about it and he got the order completely wrong.
Rude bartender awful experience. No wonder this place is empty. So sad. Could be great. But unbelievably rude service from female bartender made it an awful experience. She should be fired and this place should set  its sites higher.
Service sucked, food sucked, location sucks, and they don't even serve alcohol!! It was a bad first date, only worse. First and last time at this hole.
This place got some good e liquid selections, if you Vape you owe your self to check them out!  Good customer services and place feature some original art works, I thought was pretty cool.
the Front desk staff was very pleasant, Hotel is old, the kitchen appliances is very old, we booked four rooms four nights. each one w/ old appliances. Housekeeping didn't refurnish daily supply, wouldn't stay here ever again
Food was overpriced and order was incorrect.  Food was bland. Waitress was very good however
I frequent Jays.  Best gyro deal in the area.  The place is not fancy at all.  Don't expect that great of service.  Be sure to listen for your order to be up.  It is barebones, but my stop in Tempe for gyros..
Ed/Harvey made our visit simply enjoyable.  I really loved the Irish stew. I recommend it without hesitation.  The fish and chips are awesome and huge!  My companions recommended the mushy peas!
Cockroaches crawling up the wall. \nEmployee out front smoking a joint. \nEVERY surface is crazy sticky. \nMy order is NEVER right. \n\nAm I coming back?\n\nOh HELLLLLLLLLS no.
Service was decent. The food and the were way below par. I would not ever return to this sushi restaurant. Rolls fell apart, soy paper was pink? There edamame was edible. Literally this is the worst sushi I have ever had.
The food  was great! Crab legs, lamb, pasta bar, grilled asparagus, and Prime RIb was yum! I've been going to Bellagio and Rio buffet, but Wynn tops them all!
Best Pizza in town!! I've always been a Ray's Pizza fan but Stevie's beat them in my book!!
Great nail spot in the northlake area - they recognize their returning customers, and are very friendly.  Competitively priced in comparison to Nail Saloons in the mall.
Had their machaca con huevos... It wasn't very good. There sopes and tacos are really good... 3 stars cuz the machaca was really disappointing. Usually I would give em 4,
I absolutely love Tony's work. He fulfill everything I wanted in my tattoo. He is an amazing artist. I would recommend him to my family and friends.
Great Full size Pizza for only 5$,four different kinds of crust to choose from.And there is no extra charge for extra cheese or sauce.I highly recomend it especially if your on a budget :-)
Over 200$ for a 5gallon bucket of exterior flat paint ?   I DO NOT think so.  Sorry.                   Last three times there my colors were off tint.  Had to return with poor service.  I'll shop Frazee now.    Sorry.  Dunn.
The service is good at lunch and the service is good at dinner. The pizza is amazing! So many options to make a pie even if you're watching your diet. We go 2 or 3 Tuesdays a month and always try to sit outside at the bar. The patio is great! Another place I'd highly suggest!
Pricey for the taste.
They are TRYING here with live music and stiff drinks, plus good service. However, chips cooked in rancid grease should make the whole kitchen wake up.
Good place to stop and enjoy coffee and pastries.  Very crowded on 12/23 around 5 PM.  Pricey though.
Unfortunately they do not know how to properly prepare spam musubi. The Nori is not supposed to have a paper like consistency when served. It's really not that hard.
Great hotel with a lot of great amenities!
I miss the old beer list but love the restaurant. Great people, good food and a positive atmosphere.
Definitely one of my favorites on the Strip! I've been here several times and it has never disappointed! The food here is wonderful as well as the service.  Their steaks are fabulous, as well as their seafood.  \n\nWorth a visit if you've never been!
NEGATIVES\n-service slow \n-food very mediocre\n-owner badmouthed customers that had just left\n\nPOSITIVES\n-smelt like chocolate
Bread was cold. Pizza was cold. Was a big fan of this place once upon a time. Really disappointed.
A good place for lunch if you want a small bite like really, really, really small bite. Their lunch portion is very , very small for it's price . Service is very slow and it was a slow lunch day.
If you live high end fashion this is the place to be. They have a lot of stores to check out and the scenery is nice. They have a sky like view in the ceiling. It makes you feel like your outdoors.
Beer was cold. Dinner salad was huge.  Calamari was more than enough for 2. The crust on the pizza is so crispy. The service was excellent. Definitely good place to eat!
We visited during the art fest so the place was super busy but the waitress kept checking on us and giving us potatoe chips and keeping our beverages full which was great. The food was awesome, I need to go back when it doesn't take as long to get our food though. Nice patio to chill on!
Legendary among sun devils and understandably so.
Love this place!  Great service and food every time I've been there. I've taken my family and clients and every time we've left happy. Love the variety on the menu though it could be a bit big. The coupons are great as well.
Friday night seafood................  all you can eat crab.  Yummy.  The selection was wonderful.  It was all really good.
Super clean lanes, incredibly friendly staff. The place needs a little more grime because it is so nice it is missing that stale bowling alley smell. Gets crowded for cosmic bowl. The league's are a great value. Beer is a little expensive for a bowling alley but still not terrible. It's a really nice spot
I love this little boutique candy shop! Treat your sweet tooth here! Milk chocolate gummy bears are my fave! Service is amazing! They also have glittered cotton candy!...whaaaat! :) so happy I work nearby!
I have one word to describe Indulge...BLAAAAAH!  service was super slow and the burger was so so.  There are many many better options for a burger in The Valley.  Don't waste your time or money here.
Alright... nothing special.
Oh how I loved this show.\n\nThe clowns are amazingly funny and great too. Everything I feel on the inside, they externalized and made me see it on the outside. Amazing. No show made me feel like that before!\n\nWaiting to watch this a second time!
Mediocre food. Very poor service.
You're looking at about a three hour wait (based on the average of three appointments we've made here).
Don't bother with this location. They don't carry hardly any inventory. Online it will say this location has something in stock-it doesn't!
Good thing it was close to MCC. I doesn't enjoy the food in Red Bird Cafe much. Just a couple burrito and I will be happy.
The ramen here is just 5 star perfect, flavors are delicate and unique, Gyoza is perfect too. Usually packed to the max, waitress is super rude with some BS attitude, wonder where it came from. Wish they were friendlier, would make this place a 5 star.
A student union in the manner of a German restaurant that serves beer - indeed, a whole pitcher for $8.50!!!! - automatically gets five stars.
This is ok. Nothing really bad to say but nothing very good either. It's a very average Chinese restaurant. If I'm in the mood for something slightly above Panda Express quality then I come here. They have nicely priced lunch specials which I enjoyed.
Stopped here to get a propane refill and the girl at the counter said no one was working who could refill it for me. \n\nHeads up folks, if you offer a service, you should train someone to do that service, even if it is the weekend!
If its possible to go lower than a 1 star, i would give it half a star just for the service alone. Food sucked, servings were tiny and meat was not tender at all. The assorted vegetable was a joke...only good thing left was the service with a smile....
Had the veal chop. Good piece of meat priced to please at $34. Only down side is they do not ask you how you want it prepared. It comes medium. I would have liked it med rare.
There donut were so good, I didn't want to share with my kids.I did share after awhile.There better than dunkin  donuts and frys and crispy Kreme .
I enjoyed reading the dinner menu and the food sounded like it would be good...  I just never got a chance to eat any as no one ever came to wait on me after I was seated, so  I left.  I ended up getting some truly awful food at some place a few blocks away, but at least the service was good...
I was very excited to eat here since one of my friends said the good was delicious. So I drove there to see that the place was closed on a Wednesday in the middle of the day. The hours said 11-10 and no sign of why they were close at 3pm.... Disappointed.
These pros gave new life to my 50+ year old face.  Painlessly gave me an arch I never had and opened my eyes.  I feel beautiful and my transformation took about 5 minutes.  I highly recommend EWC any day!
Love Firehouse Subs, switched things up and tried the Turkey Bacon Ranch, it was amazing!
Ed is awesome I needed white boots for my halloween outfit which is a Dallas cowboy Cheerleader I came  across these boots and ed did a great cover up on them my outfit will be perfect now thanks! Great customer service extreamly fast and very affordable
Absolutely fantastic product; the grapefruit is amazing. Exceptional good service every time I've been there too.
Came here because of yelp reviews and OMG my Tacos de Alambre de Camaron were out of this world amazing!  I shared one with my husband who ordered the asada tacos and he was also blown away.  You must try them, they give you SO Much shrimp for $7.99 it is not even funny.
i wasnt sure where the men's section was...
The place is a dump and the staff is rude and inconsiderate. Avoid this place like the plague...because they have it there.
Love the Japanese Pancake!
When to this place today it's a regular pizza place. The only thing is that there was only a pepperoni pizza made maybe we were there a bit early but that seemed weird... Inside the boulder station so great place to go after a movie or before! Nice price and a pretty big slice I'm a pizza lover so I recommend
Elvis renewed our vows and it was amazing!  Elvis was fabulous.  highly recommend it - what a great experience. very professional.
After arriving at the airport, my husband asked me if I wanted coffee since we had to wake up at 3 am that day to catch the plan.  Of course I said yes since it was free.  I ended up getting the caramel brulee latte and it was good.
The bun they serve the hot dogs on is phenomenal! The hot dogs are good.\n\n I went one night and they served old, cold fries to me.
Everytime I'm here they are out of something and never offer a substitute to make it right.  Other breakfast options around are better.
Messed up the reservation and made condescending effort to fix it.  Horrible place.    MGM group is the worst.
Lush ain't got nothing on this place. Little pricy but the stuff works much better and it cheaper. More items to choose from and the service is really cool. I would recommend anything here if you are balling on a budget!
Nothing to write home about on the food.  This is a regular pub by the gas station.  The food quality was ok and everything was just ok.  Seating was also no fuss.
nice hotel rooms. moderate prices. the pirate show isn't that good anymore. I was actually surprise how nice it was on the casino floor. it was a enjoyable stay.
One of the more interesting places I've ever eaten. Pricey, but for sure a foodie place. I don't know if I'd go again, but it was one of those places to eat and take off the bucket list.
Americanized Mexican food. Decent but not authentic. Not sure about the cleanliness at this one. Good service, a bit pricey for what you actually get. They sell silly souvenir cups with some of their margaritas - don't buy those, you'll just pay way too much for a plastic monstrosity.
Pretty bad when you are sitting at the bar and all 3 bartenders ignore you and we literally had to wave our arms to get their attention and then receive rude service.  Don't think we will order round two!
My wife is pregnant and we were on our babymoon in Vegas for a week. We had a great time and I thoroughly enjoyed the food, but I need to give this a 1 start given that if we had eaten a week later, this salmonella outbreak could have caused immeasurable harm to our child.
Not impressed, 40 minute wait for our table even with a reservation.  Certainly understaffed.  Won't be back.
I am not a vegetarian and the bison burger is outstanding. Kale salad is very good as well.
Not as great as expected, moderate service. What threw us really off, is when the check came with a wrong charge on it and we pointed it out to the waitress, she already knew it was on there, but gave us the wrong check anyway?
Nice people helping, except for when they are really busy.  I didnt like the fact that I waited so long to get \"fitted\" for the right pair of walking shoes, and they ones I liked they didnt have in stock in store or even online.  But alas, I found them online for about $50 cheaper!
The top five best and most memorable meal I've had in my life! It felt like I was a judge on Iron Chef.
Absolutely delicious!!! This was my first time here for a company event dinner and it was a wonderful experience! The steak was amazing and the service was excellent!
I know everyone goes for the pizza (and the pizza is good).  But for my money, the burgers are where its at.  Some of the best burgers I've had in town.  Great reuse of this place from its beauty parlor days.
Pretty good place, with great appetizers, and entrees that you will probably be to full to eat by the time you eat your apps and bread.\n\nI have nothing bad to say about it, but for some reason nothing really draws me into this place.
Ok. Average Chinese at best. Was expecting better based on the yelp reviews. Chicken schzwan was mild and bland. Would not likely go back.
Worse food and service I've ever experienced. Extremely rude people work here!\nThey were busy and a nasty waitress added drinks we never even ordered then was rude when we questioned her. She removed the drinks then was a complete bitch! I suggest you pay as you order for drinks or really check your bill before you pay!
meh... they have a lot of the standard expected whole food health support products, BUT if you want excellent service and need a helping hand searching for your nutriceuticals, I'd head straight over to Pure Health on Washington and Buffalo.
I had forgotten, I hate this place. The sushi is just so average. Everything about this place is average. To many other amazing places to waste time with this one. I'd eat next door at Strip Burger or Cafe Ba Ba Re any day.
Meh...this bar whelms me.  Not over and not under.  The bartenders are pretty friendly and the drinks are cheap.  There's usually some drag show or karaoke going on when I stop in and that's  about it.  The end.
Just really mediocre food at tourist prices.  I'm getting tired of chains that sell \"street tacos.\"  This is another bland, tourist Strip restaurant that knows there's a new batch of unsuspecting customers flying into town every day, so why bother with authenticity or quality.
Let's get this out of the way, this place ain't cheap, nor should they be. The pizza tastes amazing, try it out you won't be dissatisfied.
Simple way overpriced small portions and worst of all as I was paying my bill $12 for Sm Pastrami n Sm drink.Roaches scurrying on the counter.unfortunately for me I had eaten,But for u still a chance lol.
If you want fast & tasty food, this is the spot. I've had many of the sandwiches on the menu and haven't had one that I didn't like. Note: Be prepared to stand in line, it's a popular spot.
The owner has stop serving Dominican food and now is a Three Amigos serving Mexican dishes.
The service was really good, it was very clean but the food was not appetizing at all. I would not recommend or return there again.
Not fancy but great Indian food at a really reasonable price. The eggplant was particularly yummy.
best. burger. in. the. world.
Great food and great wait staff
Great meal from the French onion soup, the four different steaks our party ordered, to the pineapple upside down cake for dessert! We have been here a few times and are always impressed.
Went for the first time the other day and the girl who greeted and rang me up was very friendly and helpful. I had the Yardbird panini with a couple changes and loved it. I can't wait to try other things so I can bump it to a 5 star rating.
Salad was fresh and delicious.  Service was prompt. They are open 24 hours which is really nice.
We ate here last weekend. Not a long wait, all you can drink coffee pot, and GREAT food. In love with the \"healthy one\". The crepe eggs are so good :) We will be coming back. Took away one star because we had to wait awhile to flag down our waiter to get the check.
I had really high expectations for this park after reading all of the great reviews on Yelp.  I was very disappointed with this park.  There was trash, broken glass and graffiti everywhere.  I was more scared of stepping on a piece of glass than a snake jumping out at me.
Good beer, tried their Rock bottom IPA
Next time a bartender wants to talk smack about the customers make sure it's not within ears length...what's the big deal about getting separate tabs? Sorry I had to make you work P.S Ryan the server is amazing he's super sweet
Great facial!  Tina does a fantastic job and I felt pampered the entire time I was there.
Travis is a very effective and efficient contractor. He has helped me to craft some spaces in my businesses. That I otherwise would not have known what to do with. He is as creative as he is effective! Very rare trait to find in a contractor.
Over priced. Understaffed. Slow service. Poor presentation of food. After waitress (who was very nice) dropped off food didnt see her again til it was time to pay. Wont be going back.
Really slow baristas!! Some are standing around !! Maybe they're on break but then , they should hang around where the customers can't see them !!it just looked like a bunch of no good employees ( looks that way) if they're in the same area and it's busy not doing anything
Usually l'oeufrier is great but this one had awful service on a Sunday at brunch. Took 20 minutes just to put our order in and our waitress didn't come to see us once, food arrived warm if that and it took another 10 to get the bill. Really awful service but at least the food was pretty good.
I can't understand how this place could be considered good by anyone. I at the chicken lettuce wraps and was sick a couple ours later. Bad ambiance, unhealthy choices, trans fat and more!
When the original owner who was from New York ran this place the pizza was great this new guy change the recipe the sauce is watered down the crust is to thin the pizza sucks don't waste your time unless you don't know anything about pizza
Food was below average. It was made fast though. Any correlation between bad food and fast service????
Authentic street style tacos, and their staff is great.
I love this place. Try the fig carpaccio, the carbonara or the horse/beef tartar. A bit pricey but always a safe pick. Kitchen open late on week-end so it's always busy. Could also be fun to eat at the bar if you're dining alone.
Food & service is excellent.  This is a great place for appetizers & drinks.  Would go back when visiting Vegas.
Perfect take out. Food tastes great. the mango chutney and all chicken dishes are to die for. Friendly people, great portions. Little oily sometimes tho.
It's ok for a burger place I'm not overly fond of eating out of a brown bag.it's way to loud and between the loud music and the yelling it makes for eating with someone difficult .The burger it's self was good but Smash Burger is by far a better burger and dining experience
I've been here twice and both times I've have found the staff to be \"less than helpful\" ...
Had a catered lunch here. It was ok. View was great. I'd go back for the free food but not if I had to pay for it.
Was not worth the money. Food at the Triple 7 is so much better. Go there.
We eat here a lot, and love the food!  No matter how busy the place is, the service is good and the staff is friendly.\n\nTry the all you can eat cod on the weekends...you'll be busting at the seams when you leave!
Always a treat to eat a good juicy burger while in Vegas! Protein style for me (lettuce wrap instead of the bun)! Good solid food at good prices.
The owner is very nice, however  the beer is not that great.  It was very blah.  They only had two of their own beers on tap and the rest where guest beers.  I was not impressed with their beer ...seemed a little watered down.
5 Stars for excellent prices, and an absolutely fantastic banana split! I would knock off a star for the awful customer service I received, but the price and taste outweigh the nasty employee I encountered.
fast pharmacy.
Please get your ID. It's not like caesers or MGM. Though indoor free parking is good.
The fish doesn't taste fresh and it's a little over priced for the quality. The service is friendly
Regular hot dogs at 2x the price.\n\nThis is a very misleading place to be.\n\n\nSeriously.
I can't eat at a place that is 86 degrees. I know that electricity costs go way up in Summer but I will never go here again. Even though the food was OK.
Great for quick mexican food. Great prices as well. Do yourself a favor and call ahead to make your order and it will be ready within 10 minutes! The chicken nachos are a dream if you're into that sorta thing.
Fabulous food every time! Not to mention they deliver...
Great service. However food is Soso.
Went here tonight around 4pm to try them out for the 1st time. I have to say the AG Burger is by far the best burger I've ever had, and I've had a lot of burgers in my life.
People are nice but this is the slowest mcdonalds ever
Came in with my friend and her two children. We ordered a lot of food because we wanted to try everything. \n\nFood came out quickly and was delicious! A great place for a quick lunch! \n\nWe will definitely be revisiting Tokyo Joes, especially after they get beer!
Takes about 30 minutes+ to do a hand wash on the works but they do a great job. I typically just blast through the drive in washes but if there's a special occasion that I need a great interior/exterior wash for ill be coming here.
I will never return to the place. Service was very slow. My sons food was under cooked, coffee sucked and on top the that the place smelled like BO/toilet.
Boring piece of crap. I can't believe I lost 90 minutes of my life sitting here. Thankfully I walked out before it ended. Buy the cd, listen to the music but don't waste your time or money on this.
This place is super awesome! The service was great! Very attentive! The food was absolutely on point. Order the shrimp fajitas and they were delicious! Drinks were amazing and at a reasonable price! Homemade tortillas were delicious! Ugh loved it here! Would highly recommend this restaurant to my friends!
Awsome weather for a walk today.  Love the trails in the park ... just wish I could pet the cute little bunnies.
Solid place...not fantastic or anything to write home about......But with the views of the fountain and a nice patio it's your best option for the location right on the park....but there are better places to eat in FH.
I might still be black listed for peeing on the patio in my tutu... but, I mean it's usually poppin. I think.... I black out every time I go.
Great hospitality, I went last week with my touring college prep program. The food was great I ate a bacon cheese burger with collard greens and seasoned grilled corn.
I've seen Matt three times over the past few years. Expect to laugh a lot! He has a way of taking everyday life--like a trip to Walmart--and making it hysterical.
Prices keep going up, odors and filth in restrooms are bad.  Dining area is dirty and headed downhill.  Deferred maintenance us obvious all around.  Nice to have this kind of facility for kids games.  Kids have a good time.
Been here a couple of times and both times, great sandwiches.  A bit warm for my taste in his shop so I get them to go.
this place has legit mexican fare, the burritos were great and tostadas were excellent too, I highly recommened this place over say a chain place like chipotle or taco del mar
Boring and not very Mexican if you ask me.  Just a couple steps up from those ready made fajita kits that you can buy at the grocery store.
The only reason I come to this place is because of their great food. I hate everything about it. Especially the customer service! If they would at least say hi or smile, I would tip them better.
Your one stop shop for Americanized Chinese takeout....
Slow service. I've been sitting in my car for 20 minutes now. They are averaging 5 minutes a car. Good food but I just want a quick bite and go to bed already!!!!\n\nUpdate over 30 minutes now. Beware of midnight drive thrus.
the best yoga if have taken in my 7 years of practice.. so glad to have had the experience.. highly recommended..
Taco Bell is more authentic then this place!  The chips and salsa are alright however the food was not edible, seriously!   I was the only person in the place and it took 20 minutes to get 2 carne asada tacos!
solid food.  good burgers and fries.  although it is a bit pricey, it is probably less expensive than most inside casino restaurants that aren't fast food.
Good food, fun games, but sometimes very crowded
Up date. Charlie's philly steaks has now opened. Food looked good. Priced better than Ho Chi Min. The fries can be dressed in all kinds of stuff.
SKIP THIS PLACE. Self serve with a factory taste and a Giant TIP JAR SIGN for no service and robot behavior.
Hobby Lobby has everything you can possibly want....and if they don't, the staff is friendly enough to point you in the right direction.  I'm usually not a fan of corporate businesses, but sometimes a \"one stop shop\" is needed.
Really enjoy the style of this place- a fun speakeasy prohibition style vibe! Their drink menu is awesome- full of flare with variety, they also have a full service bar with lots of options! Excellent food! Attentive service!\n\nDefinitely a place worth checking out!
Great food and fast friendly service. They have drastically changed the image of the concept and food is completely different from before.  Great change. Well selection of drink specials and variety.
Delicious buffet:  looking forward to late lunch, before 3;pm.\nEaten here before, and will definetely keep going back.\nI never tire of their dishes...just yummy!
Food a huge disappointment nasty! \n\nThe only thing I loved was the decor if only they knew about food as much as they do with decorations I soo wanted to love this place.......bummed!
The only thing bad about this place is that you have to get there way too early in the morning to avoid the long lines inside and in the Drive-thru...other than that excellent service...my favorite is the cheese danish with a skinny vanilla latte :)
Food is so so. I have had better thai food before.
Absolutely dreadful service, we never got our food at the grab and go section after 35 mins and no one barely in the kitchen, they hadn't even started our order so we demanded our money back.... If I could put a massive zero on this I would!
This is a nice little place that has some pretty good sandwich's. I got the vegetarian turkey sandwich they also have vegetarian cheese steak (unfortunately no vegan cheese) , but its nice to have some veg options.
very friendly staff and bartender. Very inexpensive and good. Bar food only.\nQuaint!
Kids love it. Long wait at times though very frustrating.  Adding a machine may help.
This location always does a  great job with getting my order right. There has been a couple times though where the ETA said a half hour and it's taken an hour. That gets annoying. But overall excellent job!
Spent too long explaining my order, correcting the cashier while the manager yelled to the back our order incorrectly. Then we still did not get our order as asked. Only one of the two soda fountains worked with a low ice machine. None of the tables were clean.
Called for five minutes to place a take-out order they would not pick up the phone that's lousy service
The coffee is not that great, way too strong.  I love coffee but not this coffee.  Also, I tried the breakfast burrito.  It was even worse.   If I wasn't at the airport I would ask for my money back.  terrible, terrible, terrible.  I feel that I wasted my money.
Outstanding food and service\nMichael Baker's singing is excellent\nHighly recommend for the family
Our dog has been to two other daycare facilities and always seemed to like them just fine  - but he LOVES Doggie District!  We take him to the Rainbow/Cheyenne location and couldn't be happier with the staff there. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them to my friends and family!
Wife that it was okay, I thought it was pretty bad.  Not very many acrobatic circus acts - it was more about the humor, which wasn't funny.  I do not get offended at anything, so it isn't like sexual humor bothers me.  It just wasn't funny.
I absolutely LOVE Teres! I've had my nails done at countless nail bars but Teres is by far the best I've ever been to. Very clean & cute. I won't go anywhere else. Ask for Katie - she's the best!
Ken and the Marken Mechanical group are awesome HVAC professionals. I have heard nothing but good things from others that used them and they are johnny on the spot when you need them. I love the way they stand behind their work. Ethical, hard working and reasonable prices are their trademark.
good sandwiches.
Best wings I've ever had !! Drove in Cali and was pleasantly surprised ... Can't speak for the rest of the menu but the wings are ridiculous
Excellent! Great food / great service.
I too was seduced by the high Yelp ratings for this company.\n\nI will keep this simple:\n\nIf you want to pay three times what you should due to the incompetence and greed of a company, then these are your guys.
Yummy shrimp po-boy! A tasty downtown option where there are few!
Good food horrible service both trips
Got food to go to eat at a nearby bar.  The food was ready super fast and tasted good.  Should have just ate there... looked like a fun place.
Overpriced and underwhelmed. The excellent waiter could not make up for for overcooked broccoli and sausage over mediocre quality pasta. Pity as I like to support the local businesses.
This is some of the best pizza I have had in my life. We ate it 2 times in a single day and I tried to go back the next morning, but they werent open yet. Its a huge slice for 5 bucks. How can you beat that?!
Having some sushi at Temari in Gilbert.  Sake is the owner, has a binder with new creations he thinks of on a daily basis.  I would highly recommend this place for great Sushi!!!!
Great show! Love their politics, magic, and performance. Super cool that they engage the audience during and after the show - they hang out after the show in the lobby to talk with people, autographs, and photo ops. The theater was comfortable too.
Quick, friendly, & very reasonable! Next time I need an arrangement quickly & professionally done- I will go here.
Great for those quick stops for something fresh. Love the weekly coupons! I find myself going here at least twice a week. \n\nI am glad they chose to open one in Souther Highlands. I never found time to travel to the one on Silverado Ranch.
Found this place on yelp and it was perfect for what I needed, which was 2 battery watches replaced. They were fixed within ten minutes and he also straigten out my crooked sunglasses. Very sweet man, his name is Grant
Not worth the money. Baked oysters were decent but the fish and chicken were below average
So glad this place is open again fresh cut meat and cheese with fresh bread straight from the bakery
Really good food and friendly bartenders.
Need to work on customer service at the front desk.
Really enjoy this place a lot. Great atmosphere, and it is clean, clean, clean. The food is good and the service is okay at times. Great to come during lunch because its not so busy.
I loved this place till all the changes came. The food is really good but hard to reach. The prices also changed and went up. If you don't mind paying a little extra for a meal it worth it. They also have a soda machine with like 100 flavors in it.
would you believe that this was my second visit to this restaurant in the last several months and was served the wrong entree both times?  The service was slow to begin with and then I had to wait again for the correct entree.  When the correct food came it was just OK.  Everything was pretty tasteless.  We will not return.
Good service however food needs improvement - The pizza was as bland as could be. Ruined my lunch...Soda @ $ 2.95 with free refills is pushing it as in excessive and greedy.  I used to love Humble Pie however my lunch was very disappointing...they've lost their game.
Huge flavorless portions. Salsa is tomato pur\u00e9e basically. My can of diet coke was fantastic!
Eddie replaces batteries within 5 min, for $5. Can you beat that? He does an efficient, reliable job, and gave me good tips about my watch. This place is the perfect \"local\" watch repair location I was hoping for!
I remember went to this place and had a bad experience. Neither me or my friend could finish what we order...
Went there just to get coffee in the morning and the one thing I need in the morning COFFEE was apparently out of order.
Their lattes and Corditos are amazing.
It wouldnt let me leave a 0 stars. Terriable service. Frozen burger patties and warm beers. There is to much competition in Las Vegas for this below par establishment.
Simply delicious. Definitely on the expensive side though!
These guys are the best. I've eaten every day on my Vegas business trip here for 20 days straight. Mr mammas will be my first stop on my next trip. \n6 eggs!
The service is HORRIBLE. Food is okay.. My last choice if I want quick sushi. They always mess something up.
Best Greek food I have ever had! Amazing and great service.
Get the pan fry....the combo pan fry!!!!  It is worth the wait trust me....
Make sure you bring your phone or print out the 50% coupon off regular price items in their weekly ads.  The store is always clean and organize.  We have been here several times and customer service was good and consistence.
My opinion, wasn't the best pizza and service I've had. Wait was slow seemed like I was there for over an hour just to eat in fifteen minutes.
These guys will cost Amazon some business if they ever try to use them for any delivery to this customer again. No need to elaborate any further...just read the other reviews.
Only came here for drinks, but even as I looked around, I didn't think the food looked extremely tasty. It just looks like your normal bar food -- burgers and sandwiches and wraps.
This place was terrible. Definitely not worth the $25. There was mold on a piece of cheese, that's how bad it was. The food was low quality and the service was slow. Spend a couple more dollars and go to the Aria or better yet the Cosmopolitan
Best Thai ever-all three locations. Moved out of state almost a year ago and go back to Vegas for it.
Good family owned restaurant.  They really care about serving their customers!  Definitely try the Pineapple Fried Rice
I decided to use my Groupon tonight during a wine tasting.  I was not impressed with my pizza.  I was expecting it to look like most of the pictures displayed. Instead I received a very flimsy pizza.   I probably will not be back.
Not great.  I like that there is a lot of space and the cool fog machine shooter things.  Otherwise it is a pretty dumpy place.  The interior is industrial NASCAR garage /  cowboy / clashing things.  There is usually a cover.  The music is alright and there is the bull to ride.
Wonderful food and service. We went there for our wedding rehearsal dinner a few months ago. Everyone had a great experience!
Went here at 1am on Black Friday. The place is pretty ghetto for being inside a casino.\n\nOxtail Soup was the only thing worth trying. Ordered the fish and chips and it was still cold on the inside. Also tried the steak and it was pretty bland. One trick pony in my opinion.
As with any other RadioShack, I can never find what I'm looking for. This place's employees don't even know anything about electronics. Surprises they're still open.
Average coffee at premium coffee prices
Totties is like the #basicbitch of Asian restaurants. Super Americanized Asian food from all over the place. Not bad but not that great.
Only been one time. Its self serve and priced like most self serve places. I would rather be served. It was full of kids, and kids running the place. Id rather go to Golden Spoon across the way!
Love the attention to detail, the underground feel, the re purposing and artwork - but above all the coffee is very well done.\n\nGlad to find another great coffee spot.
3.5 stars, finally a good Chinese restaurant on the East side! Love the dinner combinations since they come with a excellent egg roll, angel puff, fried shrimp and choice of rice.
My kids love it here! I've lived in the valley since '98 and only heard about this place recently. I'm surprised it never comes up in the things to do around town? They even have gluten free pizza. Check it out.
Highly disappointing. While sandwich is unique it was totally over cooked and under seasoned. No flavor
I actually end up spending more time here than I do at my actual apartment. I travel to Charlotte almost weekly for work, and the staff at this hotel is amazing. They are very personable, and extremely accommodating. This is nice to have, since I am rarely home.
Love the chicken tacos. Best I've ever tasted. Very authentic Mexican food. Great selections of Mexican drinks as well. I'll be back again and again.
at first you think the clothes are good.  A pair of shoes I bought there actually tore in the back with-in the first 2 months.  They say everything is Italian made, wrong, pay attention, quite a bit is actually Made in China.
Delicious orange chicken and they deliver fast!
I honestly have never gotten my nails done at Polished and not that I want to write a review about waxing- but all I can say is Hayley is fabulous-quick and professional. I have visited here for six years and will continue to. Tips in cash or check only.
I finally gave into my craving for an old fashioned warm, sweet donut.  Walked in a few minutes after closing time and was still able to purchase some yummy, fresh donuts.  Owner's son was super sweet and full of personality.  Will definitely be back.
The food and service were okay.  I was not WOW'd by my meal (carnitas) although the place has a great reputation.  Good environment.  Big bar area.
It has been a few years since my first review of this place and my opinion has drastically changed. I would now say that I enjoy this place. I usually order the Jerk Fried Chicken and it's amazing! Very enjoyable and I will be back again and again
Best first time experience! Everything was just beyond amazing :) Everyone just welcomes you right when you come in the store and the store itself is already cozy! \nIts different than any other Asian cuisine I have tried. Its my first time having a hot pot and I am glad I went here. Everyone should seriously try it!
What a great store with super helpful reps. Just a bummer they didn't have any men's dress shoes in a size smaller then 11EE.  The girl did tell me to check back in August and they might have some additional inventory. Bummer...
One of the bigger and better Chinese feed troughs in the area.  Like so many others, it's just a massive amount of average tastes.  The one thing you cannot question is the value proposition.  Go have lunch, and waddle back to the car.
Car must be washed and these guys wash cars right? Well they seem more like carnies at the state fair trying to sell you everything under the sun. Back off and wash my damn car! I don't want a windshield repair (does it look cracked?), a carpet cleaning, detail job, oil change or anything else - except maybe gas.
We have been going here for over 10 years. It is dependable for great food and good service. The margaritas are fantastic and we have had just about everything on the menu with no disappointments.  Love the flour chips and salsa. Green corn tamales are a treat!
Went to happy hour. The crowd was ridiculous. I felt bad for the staff. They ran out of glasses? Not worth it
Great clinic, all the vets and staff are excellent! Economical, knowledgable, fair, and they never try to upsell or tell you to do anything unnecessary. They are always willing to take a look at my dogs quickly, and often for free!
Thanks again for your delicious meals always satisfy the best of luck the best way great customer service love Rosati
The food is quite tasty but must be shared to be enjoyed. The portions are too huge and you can't take it to go very easily in Vegas. I do always try to stop in though when I am in Vegas. Get the chicken and waffles dish
Food was alright if you know what you want. Horrible service. Over charged us and they didn't refund us or apologize for their mistake. By the way, don't get the shrimp with lobster sauce. Looks like a plate of goo, it was unappetizing .
We found nothing we were looking for.  The staff was incredibly rude. I do not recommend visiting this store!
Hands down one of the best restaurants in Charlotte.  Delicious food, yummy drinks, friendly staff.
The food was excellent with large portions. I ate most of the banana pancake by myself. My Husband enjoyed the skillet as well. The waiter was super friendly!
Nothing special - fairly decent service for a Chinese place, cheap dim sum, tasted average, and I didn't poop myself later.\n\nBut overall, dim sum in the middle of the damn desert was better than San Diego's meager offerings.\n\n#shotsfired
Coffee was like water and warm, even after I requested for a change. Pancake syrup was runny. As I poured it over the pancake there was like a film over it and once that was broken, it just exploded on the pancake. Yuck. The only reason I gave this place a 2 star was because the server was really pleasant.
Nice small casino that will fulfill all your needs.\n\nFrom Slots to food options. Will return.
Wir waren zum brunchen da und es hat uns leider nicht \u00fcberzeugt.
Love the atmosphere. I've had better food/sushi
Love BC been going here for years! Pinenut crusted chicken is da bomb!!
The wait is nuts hostess told us 30 minutes been waiting almost an hour now.  If they say 10 more minutes we are gonna die.  When we finally did get seated the food was good and reasonably priced.  Make sure you get a table outside and make sure you keep the hostess honest on your wait.
Don't try to go to Firefly after 9:30 at night - you'll get the bum rush.  Rush, rush, rush - get out the door we want to go home.
Not a great whole foods, seems like a wannabe whole foods, not alot of selection and set up weird, they need to do something to change the feel of the store
Has to be the worst of the 3 EWC locations I've visited. Front desk workers were rude and my waxer bruised me. When I called to complain the manager never bothered to return my call.
Great for drinks - a haven in WI winter. \n\nThe food is not very good.  Some of the appetizers are okay, but the meals are overpriced and don't taste very good.
Over Priced!\nAll Entrees come A La Carte, basically with Nothing!\nWaiters attitude not great!\nDisappointed...
I purchase a Groupon for two massages here and would definitely go back and pay full price for a massage.  My therapist was Marylin and she is FABULOUS!  Her touch is magic.  It's a little tricky to find.....
Was not blown away.  Won't be back.\n\nPizza was the best thing there.  It was just a run of the mill vegas buffet.
Get in here and donate your blood!  It takes less than an hour, andyou get great snacks too!  The people are very friendly, the place is spotlessly clean, and it doesn't even hurt!
Nadya is an old school, from the ground up, tailoring seamstress.  She does beautiful work! I recommend her for ANYONE, man or woman, who is looking for quality work.
It's an OK because: \n- I come here to do my grocery shopping on a regular basis but\n- I should still go to other similar places to find something they don't sell.\n\nThe price is a bargain, so it's not a bad choice at all.
i cannot belive this place has not been reviewed this is a smalltown cafe with great and some times tweeky service not bad service just tweeky help but the breakfast here are very  good standard breakfast fair the interior is old cowboy john wayne/gene aughtrey kind of kitch fun breakfast place
We ordered or dishes to go. We ordered shrimp egg rolls, spicy noodle with beef and spicy fried rice with beef. The service was prompt and courteous and prices comparable to what I see back in San Diego.  The flavor was on point. The reduction in stars is for the lack of meat in our dishes.
One of my favorite places for Sunday morning bfast. Love the menu, service and everything. Waiting sucks, restaurant is small, but worth the wait.
Was in this afternoon, looking at shirts to keep cool and stylish for the summer. The sales staff were pleasant upbeat and helpful.
Best best place to eat and drinks.
Delish! Great drink specials, delicious tacos and great service! Definitely will be back! Try the fish tempura and fajita beef tacos. Yum!
This place is a try-once gimmick. I laughed, thought it was interesting, ate, felt nauseous, and have never felt the need to return.
Hold on to your wallet here.  If you don't trust the sons of anarchy wannabe behind the bar with your debit card, he is going to charge you the two drink minimum with each swipe.\nGreat place to go if have nothing better to do, like changing the air in your spare tire.
Drunken old guy who looked like santa was the best part. All sorts of big breasted pirate hookers, and other people in costume. One guy looked exactly like DeNiro in Casino, so these guys really put some effort into it. Come for the light show, stay for the creatures.
She had a coupon special going on. I wished she would have filled them out more to be a little thicker.
Don't believe the hype. I think this place is overrated, overpriced, and not worth the money. Two people would roughly cost almost $80. The selection here is no where near wicked spoon. Go elsewhere like to the cosmopolitan. I would even rank some other buffets way better than this one off the strip.
Stop. Just stop. In a city where some truly phenomenal beer flows freely, this place is taking up valuable beer-brewing-and-pouring real-estate. Sometimes I think that this place is a deliberate act of sarcasm.\n\n...I have to stop thinking about it...
Sorry, have yet to try this establishment. Will have 2 stars until I give this bakery a change.
This buffet sucks. Horrible variety, no sides, only thing that was good was the roast beef. Save your money and eat somewhere else
Rocked our socks off from beginning to end of show. These guys really turned on the Rock & Roll! it's a fabulous trip through the years of the 60's to the 90's of Rock!
Terrible service by Sam. For a $200 meal I was extremely disappointed. The food was fine but I shouldn't have to wait 15 minutes and have to ask for the check before it comes to the table. The waiter seemed annoyed to be serving us. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone!
Went here to watch the Mizzou football game while in Tempe. The bar was big and even had outdoor the sitting. The food was just ok. Like most bar foods. They do have great drink specials when we were there. The prices for the food was very reasonable.
The place is small but really nice. I loved the food and drinks. I must return here. This place is a little hidden diamond chip. But its a nice little romantic spot to relax with your boo. You have got to eat this food! You have got to dance here. Try the blueberry mojitos!
The only reason I give this place any stars is because of the bar and Sunday package. The restaurant is always empty when I visit. It's probably because of that old woman that roams around the place cackling at you while you eat.
I absolutely love everything that the Campus Deli has to offer. It's super convenient and quick. They deliver and you can even order online. I recommend the Philly Cheesesteak which is amazing and my go to item on the menu! Also, the menu is super fun and completely college oriented.
Bleh.\n\nCombine a dated interior, too few charging stations, expensive drinks, and a funky smell in the air and you have the recipe for McCarran.\n\nNot a fan.
This is one of my all time favorite places to eat!  The fried chicken is amazing.  Great service and wonderful management!
With the internet as big as it is now, how is Gamestop still even in business? If you want to get ripped off on your trades/purchases on new/used games then go ahead and come here. It's Scottsdale! Anything goes!
Awesome presentation for 2 hungry northerners. Creamy dreamy Grits, oatmeal pancake, tart turkey sausage and a mile high biscuit to two.
Great staff. My phone was just dead and the girl at the desk was so nice she let me borrow her charger. My stylist was also great. Totally recommend her, jade
Nice selection of meat, seafood and exotic meats. I thought it was great that they slice dry aged beef to order. Stuff like that differentiates this place from their competitors.
My buddy and I went to Miller's Alehouse today for lunch right next Frys Electronics and wow food was terrible. We were both disappointed in their food quality. It actually gave me a stomach ache. The service was good, but they still don't deserve any stars. We are not going back here again.
bit of a wait around lunch time, but it goes by quickly.\n\ngreat, top of the line food selections - delicious ceviche and kobe sliders\n\nterrific desserts, including a Sundae bar and candied apples.
Last few times have been consistent! Love the salad. Cant help but keep going back. So D'lish!
Love this place! great staff great food \nEat ther couple times a week
This used to be part of the Star Trek Experience, modeled after Quark's on Deep Space Nine. Now all that's left are the surroundings, all Trek props have been removed. Sad coolness. Didn't try any of the drinks.
We were in town staying at a hotel and the front desk person recommended Milano's.  Maybe they were having an off night but I was not impressed at all.  Delivery took 1.5 hours from when we ordered and then the food was cold and the pizza was no different/better than any other place - just basic pizza
Usually travel United.  Much friendlier and cleaner plane.  Otherwise, an airline is an airline.
Valet department need attention, bad attitude, you just drive a s class for someone, it's not yous!
Awesome Mexican!!! Best I have had in Phx.
Ambur is the best. \nShe has a great sense for what looks good and really listens and communicates well to help you create exactly the haircut you want.  \nHer prices are fair for the top quality you receive and I like that she uses organic and sustainable products.
Horrible!!\nAsked for a menu, waitress came back an hour later! Only 6 other people in bar.
Gets very crowded but there are more than enough pools and chairs for your tannin' booty.
Decent pub fare, decent beer, decent prices.  Good spot for a casual bite,  we had our 4yr old with and they had a children's menu which is great.
Great selection of food, and never have been disappointed with what I have ordered. Incredible beer selection on tap!! Only criticism is I think that the lunch menu is overpriced.. Very little difference in the lunch food and the dinner food prices..
All I can say is they need better customer service!!! This is from the pharmacy to the cashier in the front. Its like sorry you work here but, at least you have a job!!!
ordered beef stew over rice. it was actually pretty tasty, although a bit salty. it was late in the afternoon so the service was actually pretty decent. just you're typical chinese reastaurant.
Went there and they ran out of chicken that was cooked.they said it would be 30 minutes wait.we had to get a refund.other customers were yelling and complaining as well.this location sucks
The only thing that, I liked about this buffet place was the seafood and the prime rib and the rest of the food was pretty good!!!
Fantastic place with good service and upscale food. Dark and intimate and tucked out of the way. They offer highend New Mexican dishes and a fantastic selection of microbrews and wine.\n\nIts on the repeat list for future dinners and lunches! Stop in for something intimate and unique.
Food was really good, I had the rueben on a pretzel bun. My date had fish tacos that she raved about. Lots of great beer and wine options with an awesome outdoor bar and patio seating. Happy hour 7 days a week till 7pm with specials daily, yes I will be back!
Went there for lunch buffet once. A cockroach was crawling on the side of the table cover I was sitting with a friend at. That's all I have to say....
After all the hype, I am sorely disappointed. My #17 sandwich tasted like raw pork, and there was hardly any meat or anything else for that matter.  The chicken wings tasted like factory made chicken substitute.  This must be likened to something like a mcdonalds, all flash but no soul.
Since the renovations, it's a nicer looking restaurant. The cheddar biscuits are addicting and the food is ok for what you get. The tarter sauce is also so tasty.
Went in for a haircut and had an employee (boss?) Complain about another employee to me. Not professional. Long waits. No wonder no one wants to work here...
Really fabulous sandwiches! Fresh, local, full of flavor... Love. I'm a bit obsessed with The Smash chicken sandwich! The picked green onions are amazing. Now if they'd only serve diet coke...
I like how fresh the food are. this buffet serves a wide variety of international dish. I'm not a big fan of their flan. It's too light and it's almost like a mediocre cr\u00e8me Brule, Other than that, I love the atmosphere and the staff.
Cheap drinks, perfect for a quick layover,  but it smells like vomit.  Bring your noseplugs.
Used to be our favorite family restaurant. Haven't been for a while. The service has gone downhill. Food is still delicious. Had to get our own small plates and refills took a while. Hoping they were just short staffed today.
$7.77 specials of a drink, soup or salad, entree, and then dessert is a great deal.  I will have to try this place again for their breakfast food.
it's a party on the inside, very cool decor and volcano show\n\nbetter burgers than \"The Burger Joint\" in the same location\n\naverage food but worth the price
Best all you can eat I've had. Everything is delicious!
Capriotti's has the best turkey sub in all of America. They roast their turkeys everyday and the white rolls are of top quality. Go ahead and order the two footer you won't be disappointed. That's a whole days worth of food right there.
Vegetarian or not, you have to come here for the seitan wings. They're fantastic. My entire family (two young kids, included) loves them. The wait staff is also incredibly friendly.
First and last time here. Spent almost $10 on burger, fries and drink and didn't even come close to filling me up! The food took awhile to come out and the fries were cold!!
Drove all the way here and they are closed for maintenance until end of May. I just wish that businesses that are on yelp would make us aware of these types of things, bc now I have a bad taste in my mouth...
I suggest that you do not ignore their recommendation when they recommend the lamb dishes to you!! Good atmosphere and good salads. Can't expect much more from a place in a touristy location.
I love this place. Hipster fish and sushi.   Their soups are phenomenal.  Its a perfect place for lunch.  For pittsburgh being pretty far from a ocean this joint got awesome  fresh fishes all the time.
Cool for watching planes especially with kids!  Solid breakfast and great atmosphere.
Not sure what all the fuzz was about. Finally tried out this place and left dissapointed. I was craving for apple fritters and bear claws, but by 11.30am all the good stuff was sold already, so had to settle for left-overs that were okay, but nothing special.
The eggs benedict delivers!
Great people with excellent service and turning my beat up phone like brand new is totally awesome.  Will definitely come back. Thank you.
Would rate lower if possible.  Was traveling with a coworker otherwise could have skipped the line.  Took us nearly 30 minutes and there was only 2 other people in line.   One person working the counter
Never had this type of food before, I loved it but the problem is service bad, not friendly at all. We were treated like we didnt belong there or an inconvenience. That's the only reason I give them 3 stars, the food's great.
Super helpful and friendly staff. Every corner we turned a staff member was eager to assist. You Can rent equipment from this store. Randomly walked into a super awesome clearance where members who spent $100 got a $20 giftcard to spend later in the store...membership has already paid for itself!
I've had the pad thai here, and while that's good I can say that the appetizers are even better. Fresh spring roles, hot chicken kabobs, all served with good sauces. Friendly staff and a clean atmosphere make this place worth going back to.
Mis managed.  Order a salad and other items for take out.  Got there salad not in order.  Was added got home was not what was ordered.  Called and was told they don't make it anymore but would be happy to refund money.  Stay away.
Super good thin crust!  Sausage shaved on top... so delicious plus they have great hot wings!
Friendly staff and most importantly a good hair cut!
The problem with this dry cleaner is poor counter service.  I have never been treated in such a poor manner - and the sad part is that this SERVICE provider doesn't care.  I recommend going elsewhere.  They are not worth my money.
Do NOT go there! This restaurant stole my credit card information and sent it to someone in Georgia, who tried to buy lots of stuff. Luckily, my credit card company caught it in time. The restaurant is already under investigation for criminal behavior. Buyer beware!!
Nice towers, friendly staff, a little dirty In the rooms but nothing crazy or note worthy. I'd stay here again. It even has its own little lobby. Super close to the stairs too that connect them to Luxor.
This is the most authentic Hawaiian restaurant we have found since leaving Maui - just like ohana - aloha - fabulous!!!
Delicious hot pot in an unassuming location. We had the chicken/mushroom and pork bone/potato with a side of lamb skewers. The soups were great and the lamb skewers were even better. Will gladly go again soon.
I've been searching for NY pizza now for four years and Tony's wins the prize, hands down. Slices twice the size in NY and ambiance feels like your home with the giant NY subway maps on the wall. And, oh yeah, the pizza is superb.
I'm not a buffet fan, but Hubby wanted to try it out for brunch. Nice selection, kept clean and refilled and the waitress was really nice. Crab legs were hot and the desserts were the perfect size. Plenty of different kind of food to choose from.
it's ok, but nothing to scream about.
Terrible. Went for lunch.  Everything went wrong.  Food and service was awful.  I told the manager I had to go and needed to get back to my conference after over an hour of disaster. He told just to go ahead and leave without paying.  That bad.
This is good when you are on the road and stopping for fuel.  If there was any other fast food restaurant around I would choose them hands down over subway.
Food was alright but customer service left a lot to be desired.
Bartender has a long pour and the service is excellent. comfortable seating and the sax was great. I will definitely be back.
By far the best printing store!!  I live in the Summerlin area and make the drive to Henderson...it's worth it!  They are very efficient and professional!
Food was good but the tempo is at a crawl. The efficiency is low and urgency is nonexistent ... \nI think the one on pebble creek is wayyyyy better !
First time trying this place, I would come back for more.
Amazing period architecture and well worth a visit to the boarding areas of the old city. Walk the streets and just take everything in. I have not seen the performances there but I will in the fall of 14.  Take the horse carriage ride there at night for you romantics. Who am I fooling. ..I liked it too.
Great little \"greasy spoon\" breakfast diner.  Usually packed if you get there to late in the morning though, especially weekends.  Great omelettes and super service!
Really enjoyed the atmosphere.  The crispy, spicy, tuna roll was unusual and yummy.
Love it but the baked goods storage always seems to have a fly in it. Needs coconut milk.  Love the hood and staff though !
We had great service and great prices for a hotel on the strip. But do not go into the casino with children and when they ask you to leave they are a little rude about it.
The \"live\" band was straight cover lip sync trash. Just keep the DJ on.\n\nFree fun, though at times they do charge a cover.
To be fair their meat portions have diminished in the past year but everything is fresh and yummy. we get the cold vermicelli dishes once a month at least. very small, very local but great for a light meal
Keeping it short, I won't be renewing my lease.
Based my choice on a rating from Yelp -- great flavored food, friendly service, and reasonable prices. Highly recommend if you're nearby, and have a desire for Mexican food.
Went there to meet a friend.  Didn't think I'd make a friend in Gaetano.  Reminds me of my father; but with cooking skills.\n\nBest food off of the strip!
Its in the Harris Teeter Parking Lot . Lots of Parking. Great \"Real\" Italian Food.  Dinner was Excellent. Server made the Evening. Rolls were perfect.  Pasta that melted in your mouth. This is great for Families and Date Night. Do get there early it fills up fast.  Has Outdoor Patio as well
Brown Roofing did an EXCELLENT job on my\ntile roof that was damaged by hail.\n\nGreat price, workmanship & customer service!
Absolutely delicious!!! Would highly recommend it to anyone!
Great find!  Visiting from DC and loved the unique take on menu!  Witty and original.  The food was excellent! Can't say enough about the pierogi sliders and the eggplant lasagna!!
Good food, but a place named after a beer vessel that doesn't have a beer list, respect beer, or educate their staff. \n\nA shame, if they fix it I'll improve my rating.
Awesome food, drinks and service. Exceeded my expectations. Jalape\u00f1o shooters and onion rings were my favorite. The chicken burger was soooo good. Would definitely eat here again.
Very average chinese food. tastes the same as any other cookie cutter chinese food place.Plenty of food for the money but plenty of boring food is still just boring foo.
This is my breakfast spot in CLT!  Love their oatmeal - so tasty. Staff isn't the best - I have seen them get a little to sassy with customers.
Overrated hot dogs.
Decent food at a good price... 2 dollar charge for stuffed olives in a martina is comical...  filet was very average..  fish was good...
Tried calling to make a reservation and was hung up on. If they cannot handle their business properly I'd suggest a new line of work. Based on what I've heard if you do go, be prepared for average service entwined with expensive prices. I'll take my business elsewhere.
This Smith's is a good size market with what I need to cook meals and have a few extras. I love the butcher department with all the different selections of meat products, and I like that is 24 hours all day everyday. My complaint is mostly the parking because whenever I go I find a new dent in my doors.
Great product and great service.  For those of us on a budget this is a great alternative to spending thousands of dollars on expensive countertops.  Would highly recommend this product and Stonelike Refinishing.
Hidden gem of C-U. Free parking in parking garage next door.\n\nBurgers, Beer, Fries. Top 5 burgers.
The food was just ok. I would not order a patty melt in the future as came out cold and not very appetizing. They were swamped and the waiter tried his best.
Yummy. A bit pricey. Oxtail fries great but 11.50. Great overall. Would come back again. Service wonderful even though very crowded.
Great place for bald guys to go. Horrible location, employees can barely speak English, and they have no talent to cut hair at all. Going to be wearing this horror show around for quite a few weeks.
Place was totally packed the last time I was here. Mom scored BIG with 30% off EVERYTHING.\nI think I know now why she and her friend preferred to hang out here all day than walking around Vegas strip in triple digit temperature.
Excellent authentic Mexican food! Great portions, friendly service. I really liked the Spanish Steak.
2nd time here and second time the food has been great. I think I previously gave it a 4 because I thought it was a little pricey, but I'm upgrading it to a 5 because I think it's worth it.
I didn't even want to go. I was so wrong! Best place I ate in Vegas.
I stopped by this place for breakfast earlier today. Good coffee, quick service, and close to my hotel (delta Montreal). The croissant was alright, I was expecting a little more there. A homeless person came in and caused a small scene, which was handled right away. All in all a good experience.
Two locations not the same owner...\nSome of the rolls are good enough but the lactation on Maryland Pkwy are much better. Aside from the food the service was very good, all of the servers were on top of things and my glass was always full.
Not good...too salty and also, right after we are done eating, my group all went and had diarreah
My experiences  with comcast have been quite the opposite. They have been helpful and often very helpful. They react to problems fast.
The start is for atmosphere, food is awful. No flavor whatsoever. Drinks are over priced . I was expecting a good Margarita for 13 dollars but it was just like the food. No flavor. I will not come back nor recommend anyone .
Average sandwich place. Sub-par service. Why on earth would someone want to talk to a rude employee only to then wait 10 minutes for a sandwich. If you ask me there are far better options in town.
Always great customer service ! For sure the best burger in the west valley. The topping are either free or cheap and the mushrooms are always so flavorful ! Try the haystacks you won't be disappointed
The people who work at Dutch Bros are seriously the cutest, sweetest baristas, ever. Definitely a funky, party kind of vibe. Wonderful coffee, great service.
For a chain, the staff and service are great. It's a solid go-to when you're in a hurry and want something tasty.
I had a very enjoyable experience here while I was visiting my daughter. The food, service and atmosphere were all excellent.
Some of the best Cuban food I've had and very reasonably priced as well! \n\nI can never decide between the bistecs cubano or the bacaloa (salt cod)!
I like this place. The food is pretty good and it's a good value. But how come no napkins in the dining room? I also might encourage management to wash and/or replace the plastic bowls they use for chips.
Service is terrible. Server literally came up to the table and said you ready? We didn't have water or anything. He didn't bring water for another 10 min. I'm forced to put 1star but I would be 0 stars if I could. Service first!
Jason is a great guy and reallys knows his AFLAC product. As a Property & Casualty insurance Agent, it is nice to have a person I can refer to my commercial clients and know they are in good hands. Thank you for all of your help Jason.
Cheapest late night eat in Vegas. ( By late night I mean like 4 am in the morning) :)\n\nIt was like $4 for a burger and fries- perfect for ending a night of drinking and dancing you liver pieces on the strip. :)
Being from LA, I was disappointed with the tacos. The Carne Asada was bland and didn't think this is authentic Mexican food but another street faire.
Just not very good.  We went there with a very large group and we tried lots of things and I feel it was mediocre at best.  \n\nIt seemed like a new hip place to be but don't go just for the food.
Very Clean and Traci is amazing. Thanks for a Great mani and pedi.
A Champaign-Urbana institution. I've been going here since I was a kid and it's stayed consistent. Tough deciding whether to go with a Snowstorm or just some of the simple flavors in a waffle cone. The pies and ice cream sandwiches are great too.
My waiter was great thanks Adam, but who ever the cook was didn't know what came on the plate. My plate looked nothing like the plates of past dinners I was a little disappointed because when you have your mind set on that meal that's what you expect sadly I wouldn't suggest it to anyone unless there going for happy hour.
Great thin crust pizza, good local brews on tap. Would have given this another star if it wasn't for the 90 min wait for a table.
Sushi was fresh and delicious.  We dined on a Sunday night and it was not crowded.  We had three rolls and there was one with watermelon that was my favorite.
I wish this place was cheap as Wal-Mart .The store 's location is excellent.The products are always good .But Not a big selection at all.Maybe one day someone will do some changes
Very limited menu for lunch but what they do prepare is delish. I had the smoke turkey and fried egg sandwich and my companion had the pulled pork. We both thought they were tasty. Very stylish inside and I would like to try it for dinner.
Went there Saturday night, got the Bulgogi Slider special.  Delicious!!!  Added a Fusion taco on flour tortilla with chicken and kimchi.  Perfect meal to end the night on!  Can't wait to go back.
Very bad hotel.  There is no ventilation in the rooms, everything is really old.  Also, it's in a bad part of Vegas. The whole experience has been terrible
Place is terrible. Lied about the yelp deal & the place stinks like doggy dookie
The beer was cold and the server (Drew) was great until I complained about the pork dinner being dry. I told her not to bring me more food.  She said no one ever told her the pork was bad.  I at least expected the pork to be taken off the bill.  NOT. I won't be back...
The cubano was pretty good.  The habanero mustard was actually pretty spicy and I like spicy things. The place is overpriced for what it is however. So that's what kept the stars rating at 3.
Emily afternoon shift had horrible customer service. I haven't been much of a complainer but im tired of people getting away with horrible customer service skills. If you can't treat everyone with respect try another job.
I seldom write reviews, but the service here was horrible.  When we  visited, the hostess seemed to treat us like we were a nuisance.  We were seated after a group that came in after us even though we had less people!  I witnessed the hostess treat several people rudely.  I can not comment on the food because we left.
No, not impressed. Quite expensive too. Good thing it was not greasy, bad thing it was not interesting. Probably aint gonna come back.
Like most of this franchise the service sucks (slooooooowwwww) and the food is no better than mediocre.  Add to this a lack of talent and you basically have Bennigans.
Disappointing really. Who doesn't love a moist cupcake? Well I didn't get one here. Additionally the service was snotty and unwelcoming. Priced a bit high too for just one cupcake.
Wonderful, had the fresh peach cake with buttercream. The buttercream was made with butter as opposed to the usual lard or shortening. This place is far better than the painfully overrated chocolate and spice. \n\nGreat local bakery using fresh ingredients that deserves our support. Check it out!
Went with friends for lunch.\nPizza crust was undercooked but burnt on the bottom where it was reheated...\nLoved the Asian salad.\nWill try again for the Gluten free menu.
The decor and atmosphere was cool, but the music was way too loud (we went on a Saturday night) and the service wasn't great. Doesn't really justify the 14$ drinks.
Good happy hour deals, Interesting burgers for a Southerner like me. seems to be a local favorite. \n\nIf your trying to cut calories don't go. \n\nIf you like comfortable burger and fries Do go!
This place rocks and Chris knows his stuff. Keep up the outstanding service and great drinks.
This is a big shopping/strip mall area offering almost everything to satisfy your needs...it isn't exactly amazing, but there are tons of choices for restaurants.  It's not exactly a mall so it's not a destination, but they have a lot of stores so it can be an easy one-stop destination spot.
Food a disgrace.\nBakery cloyingly sweet.\nService terrible.\nIt all change when Underground left. \nWill never go back.
This is certainly the best place to eat inside Planet Hollywood or Miracle Mile.  I wish they would get a Chipotle at this location too.   The sandwich was great, the service was with a nice energy and happy employees.  Recommended!
Burgers were standard.  Service was sub-par.  I won't go back again.  Nothing really great about the experience at all.  Burgers weren't that tasty.
Just tried this place and I had an overall great experience. Very friendly and inviting. They are a little expensive and my food was a bit over cooked. I think once the dial it in they will be fine. I will defiantly give them a second try. Great concept.
This place has the best sandwiches. And they've been consistently great every time I have eaten here in the past 25 years.
It was so-so. Pros - pork schnitzel was very good, decor was charming. Cons - they forgot our appetizer, the potatoes were bland and they left us stranded waiting for the check for 15 mins (they did comp us dessert for forgetting our app). Was not that impressed.
The pad thai is a different spin on pad thai that I wasn't a huge fan of.  It tastes pretty good.. but I just don't like vermicelli noodles very much and I like the cilantro, sprouts and tamarind flavor that typically goes into pad thai.
Went here for Paris Hilton's Halloween party a few years ago and this place is very over rated. Not worth the wait or the time. Hit up XS instead for a guaranteed great time
Never tried breakfast, the wait was always too long. sandwiches are good, esp turkey club. Pastrami is ok, but they usually forget the mustard. Coconut pie and cherry pie are both good. I like the salad bar option. Good, basic place to eat.
Cool staff, very clean and well run. I've had a good experience anytime I've been here so no complaints from me. Just wish they carried liquor. On the other hand, no worried cuz I can just go to Luke AFB and get all the liquor I want, tax free and 24 hours a day!
Great menu! You can try something different every time. - Great breakfast food!
Went to Soba to celebrate my sons birthday. Quality of food was not at all what was expected for the price. We have eaten there several times in the past but not sure that we will be going back anytime soon.
This place has variety of beer selections and the food is good as well. I tend to always get the jerk chicken is amazingly good. The hefeweizens here are always great as well. Not bad for a busy restaurant that keeps up with quality and service.
Don't get take out during dinner. $10 for medium sized sweet and sour dish. It doesn't even come with an eggroll.  Their lunch dishes are cheaper and have more food! What a ripp off.
Finally! Quality over quantity. SOHO rocks... flavors are amazing and fresh. My new sushi spot for sure! Unmatched in southwest las vegas.
Not as good overall as I had expected.Pretty average basic breakfast. OK service...Enjoyed \"aviation location\".
The quality of food has gone down.  Very greasy.
Food is good, but the service line is super slow.  If it's a busy night, you will wait a while.
Okay bun, but the sauce was very sweet. The imperial roll was like an egg roll. Although the service was nice and they let us substitute chicken for pork on one of the dishes.
Total bargain!  Will take Megabus again in the future.  The drivers are very strict and will yell at you if you're talking too loudly but I guess I appreciated that.  The electricity outlets and Wifi didn't work on the trip to NYC but did on the way back.
Went there for lunch today. Everything about it was great! We had sausage and peppers app, wings and capo pizza. We sat at the bar. Drinks were good. Service was amazing! I will be back! So happy to see such a good local place!
Make sure you call ahead if you are going here for alterations. Alterations are only available when the seamstress happens to be around. I went today and was told alterations were not available today.
Really good unique dishes and friendly staff. Very cozy inside too. I went with a friend and ordered several items from the menu. Everything was great.
Average flavour with little selection.  Minimal seafood, which was not not the situation when I was in Barcelona at tapas restaurants.  Generally over priced given the market, 18$ for 6 shrimp and 4$ for 3 1x3 pieces of bread.
Cute little place with a cozy atmosphere.  We shared the macaroni and cheese with sausage dish and it was great! Good selection of wine.  I'd go back!
We had a wonderful waitress Astrid! But the host had a face like she had just smelled something nasty the whole time she was very unwelcoming and rude to other customers. But again our waitress was wonderful
Just had a lunch with a friend...terrific sushi, terrific service at a great price. Everything was fresh and served promptly...a real treat to find this quality of sushi in the Southwest Valley...! Highly recommended!
You know what's awesome? \n\nChili cheese fries for breakfast to nurse a Vegas sized hangover.
Not impressed with this location.  We waited a while for our order and my boneless wings had obviously sat under a heat lamp for a while.  My Long Island Iced Tea tasted like a virgin iced tea.  The service was a bit slow too.
Seriously took 20 minutes just to get one burrito from the drive through!!! Haven't even taken a bite yet so can't comment on the food yet. Just super bugged that it's taking so long.
Yea to expencsive and the staff believes that they are so busy customer service is out the window.
Cute, spacious yogurt shop right by Fountain park. There were many delicious flavors to choose from & topping choices too!  My favorite thing about the place was the patio. I loved the view in the patio area! It was a nice place to relax and enjoy our refreshing treats overlooking the fountain and the beautiful park!
Timbers...... You had me at your Pitchers.\n\nThen, just when I thought our romance couldn't be true, you whispered \"I have wings\".
This place is absolutely delicious if I could afford to eat it everyday I would.
Hostess Great, Waitress Great, Big Black lady that actually slapped our good down and stated \"I guess this is yours\", Shameful!\n\nEven though the food was great, would not return until service staff changes!
Came here after hitting up Tao Nightclub. The food was bland and the prices were outrageous! I will NOT be returning.
Place was not busy. Service was slow. Chips were good, salsa was awful. Bean dip was ok. The rest of the food was flavorless. Still in search of good Mexican food in Henderson. Should have eaten at Taco Bell.
They were very accommodating to my family, got us set up in front of all the big screens to watch the USA play Germany in the World Cup. We were all surprised how good the burgers were and you can't find a colder beer in Vegas.
Prix tres eleves pour une qualite douteuse.
This place has the best Philly cheesesteak I've every eaten. The employees are extremely nice as well.
Hotel is decently nice itself but the staff being terrible greatly detracts.
Went here to have the 14 year old boy get his hair cut.  The price was fair at $14 and the girl was really nice and polite with him and did a great job.  I have heard horror stories in the past about this chain and was a bit skeptical but this just may be his new haircut location of choice.
I purchased a 5 lap drive for my husband and I couldn't be happier. The customer service was awesome and the instructors are great. My husband could not stop smiling. Best gift ever.\n\nOh and of course the cars were AMAZING!
After 8yrs of watching The Ohio State Buckeyes @ Tap House. I will not be going back, after being called the N-word and purposely bumped in to and one of my friends was told he was too loud as he cheered for the team. I loss all enthusiasm for the game.
Every time I come to this location the service is terrible even though they assign two waiters per table.  The food is pretty good but I sure wish they would figure out how to train/hire good wait staff.
$9 a day in June '12 for me. But workers with good attitudes, fast service and I got a free cookie.  I'll use them again.
I was pretty excited to try this place out seeing that it won an award. However, I was extremely disappointed in the overall quality of the pizza. The cheese didn't seem fully melted, there was almost too much cheese, and the crust was similar to cardboard. This was definitely not an award winning pizza. I am very disappointed and will not return.
Must have been an off day but still pretty good. Better luck next time!
Carl gives a good military haircut, but go elsewhere for more complex cuts.
The prototypical neighborhood pizza joint that wins your patronage more on convenience and the fact that you know the owners.
I can't wait to come back. I had the nigiri omakase and it was just a great experience. Every bite was perfect and beautifully prepared and presented. The nigiri omakase is a small meal compared to most American restaurants, but if you're a sushi foodie you'll be amazed by the quality.
I would give this place zero stars if I could. Currently suffering through food poisoning because I ate their fried rice, orange chicken & honey sesame chicken. I am never eating Panda Express ever again.
The atmosphere was great, great location, and excellent service. The was also GOOD, but the grilled chicken could've used a little more flavor but the overall experience was good.  I would definitely go back, and the server Mario was excellent.
Amazing friendly service! Awesome food! The portions are great! It is well worth every penny. We ordered the Mac and cheese, chicken pot pie, and hand cut fries. They were all so delicious.
Good times with family and friends.  In the Motel 6 where the kids stayed for the wedding, so very convenient.  Near great shopping.
Thought this place was going to be packed when we got there and have a price hike for being on the strip. I was wrong! Prices are good, line isnt really that bad and its a good sandwich! I'll come again, and again, and again. for a quick snack when I'm cruising the strip!
Very decent espresso. Selection of vancouver roasted coffees. Nice space and friendly service. Recommend!
Many unusual items, including menudo and Italian wedding soup, were offered in addition to standard breakfast fare.  I stuck with traditional by filling my plate with fresh fruit and yogurt, an Eggbeaters' spinach omelet with mozzarella, bacon and ambrosia.  Everything was fresh and more than adequate.
The Pizza Bianca with ricotta is worth 5 stars all by itself. I read some bad reviews by other Yelpers about this restaurant and I guess you must have gotten the wrong thing on the wrong day. I love this place.
Ok at best.  Needs some work, updating and some loyal fans to pack this house.  Good concession food available.\n\nClose to bars/restaurants for pre-game festivities.
So I gave this place another chance for dinner and lunch. It was pretty good still not a big fan of the obvious downgrade on the silverware department but the food was much better keep it up :)
This place is great! The food is awesome the service is very friendly. Had a great time! :)
Terrible customer service. I have been in there 2 times and the people always. Always   Have such an attitude. The one on Sahara is much nicer
Sorry to say this folks but I went by Sacks (Indian School & 48th St) today and it is GONE! I can't find any info about the closing online so am hoping that the other locations are still up and running... Really liked this place too!
Probably the best Outback I have ever been to! Prompt service. Food was served hot and tasty. Drinks never emptied. And prices weren't spiked despite being in Vegas.
We usually stopped by to get boba on the way home to OC. Boba here is better compared to other places in Chinatown.
aboslutely disgusting. the food is tasteless. I know the mid-west isn't known for Italian, but what they serve shouldn't even be considered food. Twice the entire place has stunk of rotten lettuce.
Service was great, employees where helpful and friendly.   Burger was average ... The fries were below average at best they were soggy and lacked salt.
Excellent team service even while waiting for a table outside. Overall on pricey side for what it is, music is loud, chips are on heavy side, carnitas and carna asada overpoweringly spicy hot for my taste. Other 4 at my table said 6 out of 10 overall.
This is a cool place to go for cheap drinks.  They have a video game machine, darts, tee time game and pinball game inside, but most people hang out outside.  They don't serve any food, and the pina colada I tried was kind of warm but their drinks are cheap and the people are chill.
Worst customer service I have ever received. The employees didn't stop talking to assist us. It was like we were interfering with their free time at work.
The food was good(a little greasy), but the service was molasses-slow. I think it had something to do with me using a deal voucher (provided by Yelp ironically). I would probably return, because I really did enjoy my order, I just hope I receive better service next time.
Everything we ordered was soooo good. Can't wait to come back to try the other items on the menu.
Yay! I'm a fan.\n\nThank you fellow yelpers for the spot on reviews of this place.\n\nCheap,decent and friendly. Best downtown buffet? I'm on a mission to find out!
Dave & Busters lite!  If you have a choice between Dave & Busters or here go to Dave & Busters!!! Loud and smelly!!
Came over on a weekday and the service was a breeze! Had a hot oil, shampoo, haircut and styling all in an hour.
I love, love, love the food here! They have amazing deals as well that make it so easy to make Salut a prime spot to go to on the reg! My favorite is the siracha panini and the PENNY MIMOSAS!!!!
Urban 7 I really want to like you but I cant. Went there for a mid week happy hour. The crowd was non-existent the service was good but awkward. May give it one more shot to redeem but for now 2 stars.
BBQ is my favorite type of food so I've tried nearly every notable BBQ joint in town, Lil miss definitely takes the crown of best BBQ in the Phx MSA!!!
Don't come here! Worst Dim Sum in town...everything was super greasy and didn't taste good. Some of the dishes seems like it was from yesterday. The (Hum Sui Kok) was greasy, soggy and not crispy. Would not come back here again.
We ordered this food for our work. All of the food tasted sickly. As in as you eat it you feel yourself getting sick. Nobody could finish the food and we all threw it away. Two of my coworkers are already in the bathroom. Very gross food.
I got a large Almond Milk Tea w/regular sized Boba (option for small boba)\n\nNot as good as the Quickly in the Bay Area.
Drunk friends got you down?\nLeave TIki and come here for a \nCalm shot of Patron.\n\n(b)
My sister and I come here on Wednesdays for their family night special. The prices are extremely reasonable and the portions are generous. If you come here any other night you're going to overpay for average Mexican food.
We have had good experiences here before.....but this time, they would not seat a party of 4 three minutes after closing time.  We went down the street to Zinc Bistro who said no problem.........sure you can dine with us!
I love Mamma Mia's and eat there often. The pizza is my favorite in town, the Caesar salad is always fresh, and the meatballs rock!! I've never had any thing there that I didn't enjoy. Don't miss out!!
great place, great beer!  I would recommend the potato Nachos.  Great food great service.  yum
The food was okay, nothing to really rave about. It's basically a glorified IHOP.
Not bad.  Not much to choose from in Wilkinsburg, so I would have to call this the best in town.
Delicious and worth it to take the Table Gourmande. Make sure you call to make a reservation, they're likely all booked on weekends. And Even better, it's BYOW!
This place is OK.  Food is OK.  Service is OK.  Atmosphere is OK.
Eff
I went here for dim sum. Overall, the food was good, although I have an aversion to bones in my meat. The service was quick and the atmosphere very nice. If you're looking for dim sum in Squirrel Hill, this is the place to go.
Closed half an hour before closing... would love to make up my own business hours.\n\nYogurt is only sub-par at this place... Same with their toppings.\n\nThem closing early was what sealed the deal on this place for my wife and I.
Food here is very good. My disappointment was in the main dish. I had the duck. I think it was overpriced at 34 especially that the fat was rendered properly over the duck breast. Service was a little slow too. But I did enjoy my carpaccio appetizer and the drink I had.
Sorry, i know californians tend to love this place, much due to the historical factor of it, but to me it was just a bad version of a burguer king. I really wanted to like this, but even in my country i had better sandwiches...total dissapointment
love this pool.  close to my house, very clean.  lots of lanes for laps. just get a schedule so you know when to go and lane availability.  plus cheap!  only $2 to go and swim laps.
Delicous mac n cheese! Food was priced great for the portions you are getting, and they had a great variety with a twist on normal meal items (example, mexi mac n cheese was amazing). Service was great. Live band was awesome to listen to. Would definitely go back.
The worst \"mexican\" food i have ever had. The portions were enormous but so bad. The steak in my quesadilla was tough and didn't taste good at all. I will never go back.
LOOOOOOVE this place!!!! Get the number 42, it's the spicy noodles with basil, bell pepper, your choice of meat and you can get it as spicy as you want it!!!
MGM Grand Hotel was one of my favorite Casino in Las Vegas.  Now I have to change my mind.  There Hotel service is way down and checking in takes way too long.  MGM I will keep my business with your family Casino line Aria and Etc.  But I don't think I will be stay in MGM Grand Hotel anymore.  Very disappointed!
Sloppy work, limited colors, the only good colors are an extra $6, not going back
Typical southern food place. I had no issues with my meal, I just prefer to eat a little better. Don't bring your girlfriend here if you want her to stay skinny! \n\nJalape\u00f1o corn bread was where's it's at. The greens were good as well.
I miss Dos Reales
Holy cow!! Their Gyros are awesome!!! Good salads too! \nService and prices are good too!
I only go here for manis. Only $13, so I definitely approve. The staff is friendly, and the lotion is warm for your massage. \n\nRecommended!
Had a scoop of strawberry ice cream here. So good! They had so many other delicious flavors. The lady behind the counter was really nice. I have been here before & the quality of the ice cream is good!
Quality and beautiful suggestions... I love the plush rich feel of my new window fabric.  Liz helped us choose.
Stay away.. My Mistake for not using yelp when booking this company.  I only search using google.  They are ripoff artist.  Charged extra to have dancer on the party bus.  Wanted to take us to the strip club at the end but that is not what I asked for from the beginning.
Everytime i go to Vegas, I ALWAYS have to stop by here. \nI highly recommend The duck! \nIt is delicious! Other than that, i dont really recommend anything else.
We had a great experience at this location. The waitress was good and always met our needs. We had a minor concern and the manager dealt with it promptly and professionally. She even gave us a complimentary order of the featured red velvet pancakes, which were amazing!!! We will definitely be returning.
Terrible restaurant, terrible food, terrible service, terrible prices.  I am always amazed that this place, and its sister restaurants, are still in business.  In a city with such wonderful dining options, there is simply no excuse for places like this to continue to thrive.
I have been trying to get in contact with him for weeks. I've left phone messages and sent emails asking how I can redeem my living social voucher and have never heard one thing back. Horrible way to run a business. Hopefully can get my voucher refunded.
It's clean, there are always machines available, different size loads, dryer is 7.5 mins. per quarter and you can choose the heat setting, detergent, softener and dryer sheets are sold for .75 cents, on site attendant, tv.  Also there is a 7eleven next door.
This place is pretty slow and they never have the crispy wings ready. If your in the mood to wait go here. If your hungry hit up Walmart not good but ready.
Okay gym. If you want to bake while you work out, this is the place. Must be saving on electricity bill. Only a/c turned on in the mornings, is in the weight area. Also, as machines die, they sit as unusable for months until they are finally fixed or gotten rid of.
Not impressed. No a/c cause they leave all doors open. Over crowded and it is filled with middle aged singles all looking for younger friends. Sketchy. Too bad cause food looked good.
I had the special meatball slider, philly cheese meatball slider, so super good, easpecially after 4 beers.. lol. I got one to go and i was not as impressed. not sure if it was the beer or the to-go factor.
Really not bad as hotel buffets in Vegas go.....  Relatively inexpensive, not much of a line, decent selection and, for buffet food, not bad.
Great food.  Cooked within your view.  Prices are great (especially for lunch).  I recommend the House Chicken (ask for all white).\nPepsi shop.
We ate here for lunch our first day in Vegas. We both ordered sushi rolls (can't remember which ones). No draft beer and the sushi was just okay!  View of the strip and decent decor but not a great atmosphere. Probably won't go back!
Notice everyone talks about there pizza and not the sandwiches that's because they suck. Chicken parm is the precooked chicken breast you buy at Walmart thrown in a crockpot of sauce. Just not good. Will eat the pizza it's ok but nothing to drive out of the way for.
I'm freezing ... I'd much rather melt than freeze.  Brrrrrrr.
The bouncer here when I came to the club at night was probably the coolest and friendliest bouuncer I've ever encountered. The music is cheesy and they have a pole in the middle of the dancefloor but if you fancy a fun time, come here!
It's a pretty good breakfast place. Kind of like Denny's and their service there is alright. It's more of a good rest stop type of diner than a family friendly diner.
We've been going for years -- I'm obsessed with Thai curries -- of the dozens of places we've tried, this is always our favorite!
We come here often and are never disappointed. Food is fresh and staff is delightful.
Love Nurse Purtee. Hate that im always waiting over an hour past my appointment time even when im 20 minutes early. Also hate that I have to schedule immunizations over 6 weeks in advance.
Was here for a work dinner event.  Service was not good.  Very slow too.  Worst service I've gotten here.  Usually gotten better service.
Middle of the road Mexican food. Don't forget its manage by the AZ grand hotel. Wait staff for lunch was fine. Arnold Palmer was awful how tough can that be!  More expensive than it needs to be, over priced and underwhelming lunch experience.
Terrible waitress at the bar. Had trouble using the remote control for the TV and that's really the only reason I would hang out here at the airport.
This particular McDonald's is actually decent. The cashiers sometimes have a hard time understanding English but usually get my order correct. And I usually only wait an average of seven minutes for my order to be ready.
The weekend crew is good. Tuesday around 7pm not so snappy. Sticking to the weekend program.
Disappointed with the food selection. Other buffet restaurants are much better than this one. Not worth it for the amount of money we spent. The crews were friendly though.
Love Taj!  Lunch buffet is a great value and the food is delicious.  Madison has some very good Indian food options, and this is one of the best.
Nice little spot for a quiet lunch. I really like the sushi however. Something different i just cant put my finger on. Service is always fast and polite and food comes out quick, the right temperature and tasty! I think dinner would be nice there. I hear the Delivery is fast as well.\nGreat spot!
Only for the gambling. I love playing slots here.  \n\nWon 10K. Have won other times. Not as big though...but either way on the up and up here.\n\nThis Casino is a winner all the way around. It's done me good and for that I love it.
Great spot to start your day. Fresh orange juice. I highly recommend just make sure you have time for waiting cause they always busy.
Found a bug in my salad. See picture.
I go here for breakfast at least once a month. If you're in the mood for a big plate of breakfast this is the place to go. I love the chicken fried steak covered in pork chile verde sauce. Service is always friendly too.
A small shop with a decent selection of fabrics. Prices were about average. Lots of great notions though.
We enjoy the Lucille's in Henderson way better.  It's funny how the same joint can prepare food differently.  The taste, presentation, service, and portions are a little lacking from the Henderson spot.  Nevertheless, if you are in the mood for some BBQ, this is a solid 3 star.  The sauces are a thumbs down.
Sushi was good. Salmon collar and Hawaiian poki salad was excellent. Price was perfect for what I ate. They have wet and dry sushi. (wet sushi = lotta sauce = wet) not fond of wet sushi. but this was good. There dynamite and baked muscles is rich. 1 order is good for 2 people.
Came for the soft opening so all the food was free. Food in general was unimpressive, not really good enough for me to pay money for...but then again that was only the soft opening so there's potential. Apparently drinks are pretty good here so I would see myself coming back for happy hour or something.
Overpriced, decor is lousy, customer service is less than friendly.  Don't waste your time here.  Food is just 'ok'.
GREAT FOOD!  A gem!  Selection, service & quality were worth the drive to find it
Corn bread--good.  Street tacos--very good.  The baked seafood enchilada--not so good (tasted very fishy).  Tortilla soup--not so good, but maybe be average for a tex-mex style.
The ppl were friendly but I just felt my pedicure was rushed. It took 30 mins.  If I'm paying for a deluxe pedicure my time should be deluxe also not express.
Best Jimmy Johns in the valley! Friendly staff, delicious and fast subs. I will return!
If you are looking for homemade, authentic Korean cuisine, this quaint spot has it! The owners are very kind, the decor isn't fancy but who cares, the food is delicious. Always take friends who want Korean here.
Harold is gone.  We won't be back.  He did all the ordering and now I am no longer confident that the fish will be the same quality.  You have all been warned.  I was told someone got sick off the salmon this week after Chef Haru was gone.  It also would not be the same without him serving my sushi.
Food is good the waiting staff sucks! They guys were better than the women by far but there is some real room for improvement.
I stopped in for a quick lunch and I wasn't impressed at all.  I heard that the food was good but I've had better subs almost anywhere.  They have very limited toppings.  I wish I had gone to Mr. Goodcents down the street much better quality subs.
Very yum, fun & loud!! Husband & I shared the Portillos hot dog & a bacon cheeseburger. Both were very good! Atmosphere of the place is pretty fun but the place is very loud which I didn't mind at all. Will be going back!
Love their hamburgers and sweet potato fries for lunch. Love their specials for dinner! So nice to have a family owned restaurant like this in Surprise!
Ra is a good standby, and they have good happy hour deals. Nothing mind blowing but not a bad place for some after-work drinks and sushi.
I actually went there tonight thinking it was going to be a great night of chinese food (because of the high ratings) but was very disappointed. \nThe food was not good, the service was very cold.\nI would not recommend it.
Don't get the omakase... it's all the boring stuff. Way better choices off the a la carte menu.
Great buffet! Very well put together and neat! not too many kids running around everywhere with their hands in the food! Great selection of pretty much everything, the eggs benedict was delish! I would definitely come back here!
I love this place! You know when its good when even Brazilians go to this place to eat. If you are a big meat lover, this is your spot. Its pricey but well worth it!
4.5 star food and service. Went there for lunch, the seafood were delicious. Really enjoyed the place. (Try chow powder)
I have never had a bad meal at the Dish. This place is a hidden Gem. Great Chicken and Dumplings.
Frickin HILARIOUS!!! Not for children, or people who can't handle cursing. A GREAT show for adults looking for a fun way to spend a couple hours in Vegas!
Be careful. The servers can't pay attention to save their lives, and the management cares even less. I want to make sure people know how careless the management is, particularly Mark who seems to let his staff run around.
I had an item taken from our room.  When we expressed our concern we never even received a phone call back.
Great mani/pedi spot! I have been hooked to their shellac and they do an amazing job. I don't live close to them anymore but they are worth the drive. Shawn and all the staff is lovely!
Cancelled my reservation after getting a confirmation email that they charge a $20 \"resort fee\" HA HA HA.
This place was pretty average. The drinks were definitely watered down as another user mentioned. The strippers were average. It's exactly what you would expect from a strip club in AJ.\n\nIf I was in AJ I probably would go again. But... I would stick to beer or the shots
If your business takes you to the Henderson area, this is definitely a great place to stay.  Everyone at the hotel was friendly and helpful - really upbeat customer service.  My room was perfect, business friendly and quiet at night.  An added benefit, I had a great view of the Strip (in the distance).
Great hotel that has the most amazing scent. As soon as you walk into the hotel you smell it and it's wonderful!!
This was a bit of a disappointment. Sushi rice was way too sweet, and the pasta was overcooked. Overall food was ok but worse than I had expected given the 4 star rating and seemingly authentic menu.
Service was terrible, food was barely mediocre. The only reason I give this restaurant three stars is for the hostess. She was upbeat, friendly and could sing her heart out! Too bad our server was so bad. He was slow and forgot about us several times. We won't be going back.
WOW! I have one favorite roll here! Forgot the name, it is on their new menu. Something Sexy #2. Shrimp tempura wrapped in rice rolled in rice pager with tuna on the side and a garlic poached shrimp on top. YUMMY!
The employees are SOOO rude here. I asked for a chocolate milkshake and the response I got was \"no chocolate shake.\" That's not even a complete sentence....and they want to make $15/hr. Ridiculous!
Dirty , worst customer service I've ever experienced. Overpriced for just average food. Don't waste your time or money. We waited over 30 minutes to order and then 40 minutes for our pizza to be warmed up. The owner is pompous and arrogant .
We had a great dinner and drinks. The food tasted great.
Had a groupon and decided to walk across the street for some hot dogs, one of our main vacation foods. Service was lackluster even for a hot dog stand and the hot dogs and buns tasted stale. It is pretty hard to mess up on hot dogs for us. I guess that explains the need for groupons for this chain.
TWO WORDS: OSSO BUCO\nnothing else to say but divine!\n\n\nIn an effort to keep an open internet I've decided to sign my name to all my reviews.\n\nBest,\n\nAdam Koppekin
My. Favorite. Burger.\n\nNot to mention that the turkey and veggie burgers are great as well as the double truffle fries. \n\nIt's one of the places I miss most not living in AZ.
Jeff is a great guy... I don't know what that other review was about. He is the nicest guy and try's to help you out as much as he can.  The selection is great and he will order you whatever you want. I will keep coming back over and over
Dr Sina is RUDE. She has the highest turnover in staff I have ever seen. If u get a second opinion the work is never extensive as dr Sina says. Horrible bedside manner. Don't take your child here. Office is dirty looking too.
I wanted to point out to everyone that this Exhibition was created by killing innocent prisoners in China.\n\nDon't take my word for it though. Look for info on google
Definitely a great experience here!! I had Rosie!! She did a fantastic job. Everyone was very friendly and professional!!
supposedly the best after-hours spot on the strip. the line gets deep around 3 am, filled with those that have dilated pupils or livers the size of basketballs. reasonable lay out once the line is navigated and the elevator ascends to the venue.\n\nbut what's with all the prostitutes?
Best Gyros in Illinois. Fast and delicious. A campus treasure. A Champaign treasure.\n\nThe gyros are authentic and the santiki (?) sauce is second to none.  Greek salads are another highlight.
Chef Sal's menu has been updated for Fall 2014.  Today I had a Fried Calamari Salad and it was wonderful.  Highly recommended, it's almost a meal unto itself!
The ambiance was nice. But the bartenders were rude. We were handed our drinks and never heard from our bartender, Herbie, again. What's the point of looking at something nice if the service is poor. Pretty on the outside, ugly on the inside.
The yogurt here is pretty good depending on the flavor you choose. I just feel that it is really over priced for what you get.
Delicious, clean, convenient location.
Love this place! Menu is huge and can make everyone in your group happy. Gluten free menu is awesome! Sports always on the TVs. \n\nGreat wine, beer, and craft beer selection.
Bite squad is awesome.  The food got to my house way fast and was warm as well.   This is the first time that I had used Bite Squad and this will not be the last!!!!!  Actually this will be the 2nd night in a row (last night & tonight).  It doesn't get better than this!!!
I was so disappointed in this place... Service was terrible - the waiter couldn't be bothered and was rude... Took 20 minutes just to get a drink and we had to ask for menus! Food was ok! I expect much more from a Gordon Ramsey establishment!
Every time I go to Whataburger, I get chicken strips. It is the only place I can think of that gives you a piece of toast with your meal.
I go there because I like the tuna and Pacific Rim Riesling. Staff is ok and the music is good but really loud.
I like the selection and hours of this store, however, a lot of the items here are over priced- I've seen many things at Walmart brand new for the same price this store sells used items- that doesn't make any sense! Rarely- I find a good deal here.
Cute cafe inside the cosmopolitan.\nModern seating area and design.\nFriendly and service.\n\nCoffee was good, but not worth 4.60$ for a medium.
We always use Mother Hen to walk our golden when we work long hours. They always send a text and a picture to update us, which is always positive and professional! The rates are reasonable and they will make themselves available, even at the last minute. Great service!
Ride your bike here and relax. The wifi is a bit spotty and a little slow, they make up for it with great service and amazing coffee.
I ate at the Noodle Shop several times while I was in Vegas. Initially because it had the shortest line but two more times because their menu was extensive and reasonably priced. I had duck last night that was delicious.
I love this place, I really do! No rail so front row is right on the stage. The ambiance here is great and there's some cool bars and restaurants to hang at before the show. Waiting for a reason to come back. (Umphrey's!)
The food is delicious, the people and service are great, and Eric is the best. If you haven't been, you're doing yourself a disservice. Love the eel here.
Dr.Miller and his staff is the best.
They don't do take out between 6-9 on the weekends bc of how busy they are...REALLY?
Came here 10 years after my graduation...and not much has changed.  It still smelled like vomit, stale beer, and service sucked.  After 5 mins in the bar, the nastalgia faded, and we went to a better bar with clean floors, and a decent beer selection.
The food is good and service has always been great. You must have the beers to have a complete experience.
Great culinary experience. Greg, the owner, is very personable. Enjoyed the live music and the whole warm feeling of the restaurant...great food and great wine.
I have to remove one star for the lack of effective climate control. Don't go during the summer months, especially during the day. TOO HOT and not in a good way :/
Not the best pizza I've had it took them 40 minutes to give me my order and when I got home it was cold and not what I ordered.
Nothing Special , actually kinda dissapointed because i was expecting more decent food. Burger is so small and patties are cooked dry. I wouldnt pay $12 or more for a burger  just go to Gordon Ramsay Burger
The people here are really sweet and helpful. They have a good, supportive, atmosphere. Come in if you want to get your WOD on
Great salad bar. Service was excellent. My plate was never empty. My only issue is that the meat (to me anyway) was seasoned with to much salt. This would probably keep me from returning.
Disappointing show after waiting over an hour to get in.  Ushers don't care if you came early for better seating as the sales agent suggested.  There is NO choice in seating.  You have to sit where they place you.  Save your money for a better show with assigned seating.
This place is way beyond average..Chop n Wok or Flo's is a must go.\nIf you have to have Pei Wei eat there and try something with scallops for a change
Neighborhood bar...really good wings and awesome staff. It's Timbers...what more can I say? Try the one near you!
This is supposed to be a non-smoking hotel, but they let guests smoke on the balconies. Second-hand smoke is sucked into the through-the-wall air conditioning units and  your room smells like smoke. There is nothing management can do except give you a free breakfast, if you complain. Sad.
Good food but really slow service.. Only 2 server at 6 pm.. It takes 20 min to get only water.. People waiting at the door and no one doesn't care them..
Delicious meal, terrific rice... really too bad we both had intestinal backlash when we returned home. Had to use pepto b. Ugh!
My husband & I both got Great work by Andrew Black! Can't wait to get more -such an amazing artist ~ thanks Andrew
We've been there quite a few times! The food is good, the portions are good, the service is usually good too and the prices are quite reasonable!
Quick, courteous service at a great price!
Fast and convenient.
They gave us a deal 30$ for one hr massage. But i didnt think my masseuse knew what he was doing. Overall i was relaxed and it was cheap. I would still look for a better place to get relaxed though.
LOVE Tj's Best Breakfast in AZ. I recommend the waffle breakfast combo. That's my fav. Real eggs, Real bacon, fluffy buttery waffles. Service is fast!. It's homemade cooking at its best.
Wow....what happened to outback?!?! Service is friendly, but slooowww. Bread was stale. Steak cooked to order but really fatty. Yuck! Won't be returning to this location.
I sought out Jamba Juice their highlighted drink with the giant picture- that's what I wanted. But they were missing two of the four ingredients! I'll never go back there again
What a wonderful place to visit. Especially at night during the holidays. This past holiday season the Chihuly exhibit was magical. Treat yourself and go.
Great massage! It was my first reflexology, clothes on massage!  Very intense, but I feel like a million bucks.  Getting my spine worked over gave me so much energy. Oh and soooo relaxing!  I wish I lived closer. I would visit them every week
Hands down best mimosas I've had. They have a good deal, $10 for breakfast and a drink. The beer selection is fantastic, local businesses woo hoo! The patio areas are nice and I like how they text you when your table is ready instead of worrying you didn't or won't hear your name be called.
This is just an average place thinking it is a lot better than it is.  We were with a group of 15 and while service was competent NO ONE said there meal was great.  In fact everyone said it was just OK and thought was pretty pricey for what they got.  No need to return for a long while
Bulgogi fries and Kim chee fried rice is bomb!
The gyro was okay.  The hummus tasted store-bought and the baklava which was supposedly made by Grandma was disgusting.
This is one of my favorite places. I love the all-natural, healthy menu, and all the wonderful beverages - not the usual sodas. The atmosphere is very contemporary and trendy with a garden feel. It's a fun place to go for lunch with the girl friends!
Went again new years eve.Half packed(not real busy at all 6.30pm) .Really slow again 45 minutes for a 4 slice pizza.Beer selection and Pizza Yummy.Call in your order ahead of time or go planning to drink for awhile,on that note would have gave two more stars.
good finds , i found a tie that was 2.00 on sale looked brand new , i looked it up  , it was going for $125.00 so you should go and just see what they have...
I love this place hard*.\nSo many good memories,\nBring people you love!\n\n*komodo dragon? Yes!
they have 2 taco orders and i was stuck between two kinds so the waitress said, you can get one of each. perfect. i love problem solvers. the tinga and the cochinita are great. they come with picked purple onions. they pickle them with lime so it comes through strong, but i like lime.
Worst restaurant ever! Stay away... corned beef straight out of the can... old stale toast... and gross slices of cheese on an omelet. Also bring a snack, you will be waiting at least 30 minutes for your food!
Even though it attracts an older crowd, the casino at El Cortez is a good place to get some low-to-moderate stakes gaming.  Unfortunately the cigarette smoke doesn't ventilate very well, so expect to be drenched in smoke.
Three stars or the food. Four for the atmosphere. Five for the alcohol!\n\nThey make you wear a hospital gown. First time my shirt stayed clean eating chile. :)\n\nMeat in the chile was grisly.  But the overall experience was great fun.
Best nail spa in town!  I can't imagine going anywhere else!  They use fresh tools for each person, the people are friendly and the music is extremely calming!!
I had an awesome client drop some off for me once for lunch and wow was it good. I highly recommend Luu's to anyone!
I ordered a pepeoni pizza and they brought me a supreme with nasty peppers olives and stuff all over it. I threw it in the trash. called them to complain but they don't answer the phone
Whitest Chinese food you'll ever eat! Still pretty good though.
I just love this place! I think they have the best boba AND best ice cream. My favorite would be their lychee boba & Banana Chocolate ice cream! The owner is so cool too.
Loved the burgers! good sized meat patty, toasted buns and smothered with extra cheese and bacon. You pay extra for the cheese and bacon but it is well worth it they don't skimp on anything!
I've heard very good things about Monta. The wait was pretty long because it's a pretty small place but it was worth it. I got the Miso ramen and it was pretty good but too salty for me. Next time I go I'll be sure to try a different one.
If you like the early 1960s you will love this place if not stay away!  Food was average minus, walls were very dirty, service decent.  Would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.  I was told this restaurant was like Ruth Chris, don't believe it! Stay away.
Found this place here on yelp and my wife and I love it! Great food, but I've only had the Duck Curry because I'm hooked on it! My wife has had several noodle dishes and has loved them all...great place!
The people at the door think they are the shit..but in reality they are useless and not as important as they think they are. \n\nYour only getting 2 stars cause of the decor. im done.
Headquarters Smokeshop has a great location and an amazing selection. The staff is very helpful. I'm a big fan of this place.
I love Green. Every time I visit, either at the Tempe location or in downtown Phoenix, I am blown away by how good they make meatless options yummy. Also, the Green in downtown Phoenix now has alcohol. Sign me up...\n\nCheers.
Good food here!  My beef tacos were awesome a lot of flavor in the smoked beef.  The sweet rice was OK not really my favorite but i wanted to try something new.  \n\nIll be back for sure.
Pesto Chicken is amazing, add some artichoke too. \n\nThis place is an exciting new find! Look forward to many more visits.
The customer service is terrible.  I was trying to place an order for Christmas and no one has gotten back to me. Very unprofessional and I will never deal with them again. I would not recommend them anyone.
Best doughnuts in Pittsburgh. \n\nI generally pass on other baked goods. Mediocre bread.\n\nGenerally unfriendly staff, but Walnut St. attracts pretty arrogant customers - so it makes sense.
1. Food nothing special, prices are ridiculously high & lastly service is terrible is as dry as our food. Dissatisfied for a the amount we spent. Management should look into training customer service with a smile extra step goes a long way. Provide good service you get good tip, seriously it works both ways.
This place is very great...sushi is very fresh, great waitstaff and the environment is very sexy
I do not know why I keep coming back to this Best Buy it has the absolute worse customer service of any Best Buy. I guess I keep expecting things to change, well if they do they only change for the worse at this Best Buy
Closed (good riddance) and replaced by the Great Dane (much better)
Surprisingly got a nice room. I like the location because it's in the center of it all. I can get to Venetian pretty quick and the cab lines aren't crazy long.\n\nService was pleasant. I'd stay here again.
way overcharged me for an air filter, pestering sales people, mislead me on pricing, dangerous cacti where the customers sit and wait that get their pricklies stuck in my hand and arm, bitchy woman at the check out counter, overall, a horrible experience.
I've shopped Buffalo Exchange in Colorado and California and this location was a big disappointment. The clothes seemed overpriced and the store was poorly organized. Geez not even a sale rack at this store.
These guys are awesome. I was researching online to find a good hand car wash since I just moved to the area. They had really good reviews, so I came in. The waiting room is awesome and the staff is super friendly. Pricing is amazing for what they do to your car. This is my new spot!
Great view of the strip from the rooftop bar and dining.  MUST GET the nachos!!!
Ouvert 24/7!!!\nOpen 24/7!!!\nEnjoy
Awful!! Don't desk staff has no idea what they are doing. They overcharged me and couldn't help me with my insurance. I'm also pretty sure the Dr got my prescription wrong. Terrible experience.
Aura has always been a good solid place. I've never gotten my hair done there, but go for waxing/facials/etc whenever I'm home. A solid brazilian for $47, that was as painless as these go, quick, and with a super nice esthetician? Sign me up.
Good sound system and lighting, but the design is kind of weird. there are stairs everywhere and I saw drunk people falling on them all night. Also they let way too many people in and its packed to the point where you can't move at all. Not worth it unless you have a table/bottle service
We tried this joint out because we purchased a Groupon. Really enjoyed the Blueberry Ale, but as for the pizza - IMO, only worth it with a Groupon.
My brother and I ate here. He got the number 3 and I got the number 12. Both were great. And we each took home a quarter of our sandwiches because they were very big.
Hog roast goodness. \nNice stuffing.\nNice apple sauce.\nReasonably priced.\nTotal win!
Nice hotel. Good location and clean. The parking situation isn't perfect but it isn't extremely bad either. The TV in my room sat at a bit of an odd angle. The staff is friendly and extremely helpful. I'm not typically a Hyatt guy but I will be back at this hotel.
Hidden Gem! I found this place on Yelp and so glad I checked it out this morning. The food and coffee were great and the prices are so low. The staff was very friendly and made great suggestions for us. I am already planning on going back tomorrow to try something else!
Great place for a hair cut. Polite, comfortable, nice atmosphere. Got a great hair cut for a reasonable price. Will be getting my hair cut there from now on.
Excellent restaurant, bon rapport qualit\u00e9-prix. Les portions sont g\u00e9n\u00e9reuses et il y a in bon choix.
Poor. I don't understand what all the hubbub is about over this place. The meat was dry and lacked flavor. It tasted like they bought frozen meat and used that instead of smoking it themselves. I was very disappointed with the food. If you want real bbq, go to Texas.
Iove this place  \n\nI only ever sat down and ate here once but I'm always getting to go!!! I love it's 24/7 perfect for my late nights or early mornings \n\nCaprese salads ways fresh
This walmart never seems to have anything. When I go to other walmarts I am surprised by all the things they offer. It is very clean and friendly staff.
This space made me fall in love with Madison. We came on a Friday afternoon in early summer. Bands playing, beer trucks, fresh fish tacos, sitting on the dock - does life get better? If winter wasn't so dang cold in Madison I would move in a heartbeat.
Beautiful place!  Worth visiting if not living there.
Score!  Our local Chinese food restaurant is a total win!  Terrific service, comfortable and well-lit dining room with nice music in the background, and very good food.  Only complaint is that the fried rice seemed a little bland.  The egg rolls were delicious.  Will be back for both dine-in and take out!
Great place to have a beer or have anything from their great menu. The bar and sitting area is as hip and rustic as it gets. Very friendly staff and all around a good place to be a usual hang-out place.
Absolutely love this restaurant, excellent food and prices! Try the red lentil soup !
Another store which has gone the way of the Dodo bird. Actually there was nothing basement like about it. What will be done with the empty space that is the question?
This pizza is a step up from dominos!!! Who ever is putting 4 stars up don't know what good pizza is!!!
What an over rated plate full of grease.. I hate when I am eating and they come sweep under my feet.. I always feel like all those particles are going to go in my food... Service sucks.. Way way over rated..
Wow, what a warm hearted honest and nice hard working people.  \nI am so glad to find them, and they did great!\nI am sure you will be happy with them for your yard care. :)
it was pretty good last time we went - but they're now CLOSED....
Great place. Excellent deals and quality food.
I had a smoothie. not a coffee but it was nice and the woman that runs the place was really friendly.
Great sushi I haven't try the sushi bar but the sushi rolls are delicious. Some many kinds of sushi with a touch of originality.  No complaints at all in so many years that I been going there.
The chicken burger was ok, could have used more toppings besides just tomato and lettuce. Cheese fries were awful unfortunately. Friendly staff and clean facility with low prices.
Hands down the best buffet in Las Vegas! Good quality food, clean, nice variety, friendly staff, delicious desserts, and most importantly alcohol INCLUDED. Seriously, no one can beat that for less that $16 bucks for lunch. It's a must stop for everyone who visits Las Vegas. Highly recommended.
Decent ambiance.  Not a super foodie place.    However, the gluten free pizza was really quite good, so we will likely return, especially for the great outdoor seating and happy hour specials.
The best Indian food and wait service I've ever had, from the complimentary papadums to the after dinner hot towel. Classy and very reasonably priced. Two nan orders, two entrees, for less than $40. Delicious!!!!!
This place is terrible. Not only did I have to wait over hour my delivery they cant even make or shape a calzone.there was barely any cheese and there salad is a joke. How can a place be cheap with lettuce ! I will never order from here again !
The staff was friendly.  The food was okay.  Salsa was acceptable.  We sat in the dining room across the courtyard, which is what really ruined the meal.   It was difficult to enjoy anything in a room with such an over powering smell of mildew.
This is my favorite place to pick up bread. I love that it is in the Atwater market, it makes my shopping easy. I usually get the flax, or other loafs of bread on a weekly basis. Their other products are all good. Great bakery!
There's a reason Troy has this kind of stellar rating across the board.  He's the best.  He figured out a way to fix my door even though several contractors said it was impossible, and saved me 75% in the process.
The food isn't as good as it once was.  The atmosphere is kind of dark and needs to be updated.  We ordered potato pancakes that had to be returned because they somehow tasted fishy (I don't even want to speculate).  The other items we ordered were ok. Staff is great, very friendly and attentive.
I really enjoy my sandwiches here. The staff is always great and very friendly. I like the philly hot sub!!
Good thing I didn't pay for the tickets..\n\nThese goofy blue men has no special talents, all they do is give funny faces, beat drums, ooze milky substance, and make fun of audience.\n\nThe show is probably funny for 15 year olds.
Just did carry out. Panda Express is WAY better. Actually, Taco Bell is better.
Incredibly tasty food, and very pleasant staff. I would drive from Milwaukee to come here any time!
Nothing great. I had the meatball pizza. It was so-so. The chocolate chip cookie was hard as a rock.
Food looks really pretty but it tastes terrible. Some are dry and some are just really salty. \nIf you are looking for pretty food go here.  If you are looking decent taste, avoid this place.
Local slot casino. No table games. But the main attraction is Fat Choy!
I haven't used their service but a few minutes ago a RUDE employee in a company truck honked and yelled at us during a red light and rush hour traffic when we couldn't turn because of a short light.... .yeah, that will make me ever use their business!
I love their veggie tacos!!! And that's about all I normally get there. But I only get one thing when I go to Chipotle, too- a barbacoa burrito. For veggie [non-vegan] dishes, I prefer Qdoba.
Love the juice bar
Food was ok. Service was ok. Probably won't go back.
It didn't live up to the hype as the food was not hot enough and the service was inflexible to do something slightly off the menu. There are a lot of better BYOB places in the Burgh.
Most expensive place in vegas. Could of gone to a 5 star buffet with 5 friends for half the price.
Its no whole foods but i love joe's...
I don't know about $8 lobster, but $33 lobster split 2 ways was phenom! We had surf and turf at $25 each. Top notch. Next time maybe the Duck.
Serveur incomp\u00e9tent unilingue anglophone. Ultra cher pour une cuisine faite sans talent. 175$ pour trois avec 1 bi\u00e8re par personne. A \u00e9viter
Oops, wrong location!
Only one thing I can say for this place GROSS.
Garbage casino, awful dealers, go to a real casino on the strip, the dealers are rude and have no idea what they are doing, all the food is trash, slots are tight, don't waste your time here.
#1 Walgreens in the neighborhood!!!!! CLEAN place with amazing staffs..
Food was mediocre. I ordered medium well and it came out well done. Not many choices for sides as far as vegetables. The service was bad. I asked the waitress if there were any other vegetables I could have with my order and she rolled her eyes and said no. I will not be returning.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. !!!new owners his name is long and him and his wife are really amazing.. He does the best Job ever and never rushes me .. I recommend this place .. Great service and his work is the best in Vegas
I don't know what you are all talking about.  This place has horrible service and mediocre food.  The rice doesn't come with the mean and the naan is hard and thick as a rock. No thanks. I need to find a better place asap.  Nothing beats my wa place
Excellent buffet with great service. Super inexpensive for 18$ per person.\nThe food options were amazing.\nGood job Excalibur \nHope you keep it up
Poor customer service at checkout  floor help much better. Love the store & all the products.
A cozy family friendly breakfast spot. Reasonably prices and excellent food. Banana nut muffins are delicious. Staff is very friendly.
We went there last night. What a waste! The salads came out fine but we waited about 45 minutes for steak and asparagus. How long does it take to grill a steak? Sorry but we won't be back.
It's okay. The macaroni cheese was done well and the service was above average. I thought the cesar salad could have been better.
Went here bc we were looking for ice cream. How does a creamery not serve ice cream?  Somehow I feel that my one star rating is overrated
Food is nothing special, no incentive to come back. The service was fine.... because we were the only guests there.
They must be popular. I was out in Youngtown and had a break so I decided go get my nails some. I got turned away. They asked if I could come back tomorrow. Disappointed I didn't get to check out their work & can't say that il be back. Too bad.
Presentation looks nice but food doesn't taste good, the only thing that we liked was the ceviche, waste of money and calories
I just don't know how I feel about this place
I don't get all the wonderful reviews. I was really disappointed with the food and the 20 minute wait for one small salad and one sandwich. The house dressing on the salad was probably the worst I've had at a Greek restaurant and the steak sandwich was just ok. Can't imagine we'll be back.
tr\u00e9s western , bon chili , service sympa , n'oubliez pas d'accrocher votre dollar au mur sign\u00e9 en partant , visitez les toilettes
I'm a man who loves Mexican food, but I was not a fan of Garcia's. The restaurant and staff were fine but the food was not. When the food came out almost everything was burnt. It probably would have tasted fine otherwise but my meal was not.
I was headed out to Pita on 3rd Ave and got roped into going here by a group that said - \"it's great and in Park Central\"...all I'm gonna say is that it was like cafeteria food. Yeah, like cafeteria food - cold pizza and overly dressinged salad
C R O W D E D!!!!!!\n\nsomething happened the last time I came here. All I gotta say is, that if you have any health problems, they have EMT's standing by!!! and might I add some cute looking ones too!! :)
We just got back from Vegas and staying at the Mirage.  A bunch of us ate at BB Kings a couple times different times throughout our stay.  The Breakfasts weren't anything to write home about.  Everything else was pretty good.  The service was SUPER SLOW!  But our servers were always very friendly and entertaining.
Had a brow & Brazilian wax with Taj. Seriously the most painless, fast, and smooth wax I've ever had. I'm not from Madison, but I wish I was now bc this place is that awesome! Would recommend it to anyone!
Gross over price noodles but it is at bellagio so... Overrated...
talk about the perfect place for all your EDC and or any other rave needs! fun costumes, jewelry, and an array of nylons im sure you'll find anything you need here. if your a go go dancer in town this is a must store. the owner is super nice and helpful as well.
This was a recommended spot that we tried, happy that we did. The BLT was yummy.  The coke machine, the choices, loved it. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. The prices were terrific, I just wish we had one locally.
This is probably the nicest Westin I've ever stayed at. Not sure if it's a new hotel or just kept up very well. Everything was clean and in good shape. The room we had was very comfortable with plenty of room. Next time I'm back in Phoenix I will be staying here.
Good pho and atmosphere but service was too slow. I waited for almost 45minutes for my pho...
Had Spinato's for take out last night. Good service... Ordered the sausage thin crust. The bottom of the crust wasn't very good, could have been cooked longer. Sauce was a little sweeter and didn't have any special flavor. Pizza seemed like it had too much cheese. Not the pizza for me.
I went in to get a shampoo, wow NO help at all!! They didnt even ask me if I needed help or even greeted me. The two employees were just gossiping in the back room. Got out of there and never coming back!
Long waits to speak to an attendant. Then they lie repeatedly about the estimated time of arrival.  Finally the taxi never showed.  Avoid this shitty company.
Good as always.  friendly staff and good food.  They let the Peoria Fire Dept. fund raise money for the 19 firefighters who just died in the fires.  This really shows how they support the local community.  This makes them top notch in my book.  Will come back in the future.
Yeah.   I thought more about my last review and just wanted to bring it down to a 4 stars.  I always go to Ruth's Chris and Envy shouldn't get a 5.  it's a solid 4 though.
I'm not a big fan of Chinese food but my family is, so I thought I would give it a try. I was very impressed, the food is perfectly and seasoned just right. The beef and broccoli was amazing and the rice was just right. I will be back and to try more things off the menu.
Some of the bartenders make up rules for coupons and whatnot on the fly. My boyfriend just ordered an old fashioned and said it was sweet..it's whiskey. I got a fuzzy navel and it just tasted like watered down juice. Ugh.
Pizza was just OK. Have high expectations  when places try to beat New York pizza. Ice cream also was OK. Have had better gelato. Think it was more ice cream than gelato. The best thing I got was the argula salad with prosciutto. Would definitely go back for that.
Pizza is good. But its over priced. We go here when our regular pizza place is closed.
Delicious yogurt that was better than Yogurtland. Great flavors. It's been a long time since chocolate froyo has been done right. Loved the Honeydew. Pecan pie was great! Ill be back!
*This hotel is pretty far from the strip, and not for someone visiting LV for the first time ever.* This IS NOT all of what Vegas has to offer you, however it is affordable, relatively clean and new, and a pretty good hotel otherwise.
Very good beer and food + a truly relaxing and comfortable setting = four stars. Prices were OK and the location is great if you are in or near center-city CLT. I had the Cajun Pasta & my wife had grilled shrimp with Mac/Cheese. YUM!
Horrible cuts of meat, weird almost sour after taste of chicken like its been sitting out for a while. For being in an oriental/asian plaza i thought the quality would be higher. I was wrong not ever going back. BE WARNED
Dr. Mueller was great!!! Very down to earth, listened and helpful. The staff was awesome, didn't even have to sit down, went from reception desk to doctors office ad he came right in! & they give a 40% discount if u don't use insurance!:)
I eat here with some regularity.  The staff is always friendly, the atmosphere is great.  I don't love all the sandwiches, but I really like the BBQ sandwich, and the Falafels are to die for.\n\nDeserts are also excellent.
Sushi is pretty good, all their other food is a little overpriced but overall not a bad restaurant. The eel was exceptionally good.
Dry, not very good. Look pretty, but are not worth the prices they charge. spent 15 bucks on 4 and threw out the last 2. I'll just go to Georgetown Cupcake when I go home.
Amazing that a cafe like this can do great sushi, Italian pasta, and ramen!  Try the low carb soy noodles in your Italian dish.  Good stuff.
Awesome Wave pool, spa's and lazy river. Can't go wrong at this beach. It's the best I have seen yet in Vegas!
Very good food.  High prices.  Enormous portions.\n\nThe prices can be explained by the fact the restaurant is in a casino in Las Vegas, so everything else about the place is pretty good.\n\nIf you find yourself hungry at the Rio -- try the AAB&G.
Want to like it but place was empty, average overpriced food. Backwards sign in a hidden location. I give it six months and it will most likely meet the same fate of the others who have tried to make it in this location.
Horrible! The wait time was ridiculous considering there was only one girl waiting before me and I still waited an hour after they called her back. I asked the girl at the desk how much longer, she said 10-15 minutes well that turned into half an hour. I will never come back to this place.
Great service, Great food! I love fish but my fiance does not, so this place was great.
Haven't been here in about 11 years (moved away).  Food was great, fresh fish, awesome quality.  Service was a little lacking, but still good stuff.
A lot of excellent dishes to choose from. Definitely a place to bring your friends and family.
get their veggie combo.\n\ngreat place to buy feta and olives!\n\nthe rosewater lemonade is so refreshing!\n\nsweet owners!
The only reason why I gave this salon 2 stars was because of the length of their foot massage.\n\n1. My manicurist cut me not once, but twice - to the point my cuticles would not stop bleeding.  \n\n2. My clear coat came off in ONE day.
Decent Irish pub in downtown Phoenix...nothing exceptional about it, but good place to have a beer with friends!
It was a great thing after the Richard Petty Driving Experience, but definitely not worth the big money.
The pastries were really delicious. I got a croissant and a chocolate filled croissant and coffee. It was a little disappointing they didn't have a selection of coffee but rather a do it yourself dispenser but it was good nonetheless. The service was excellent and they answered all the customers questions with smiles.
When in Vegas gotta stop by this spot for adobo fried rice, open really late.
Have been going to Bitz-ee Mama's for years. Only for breakfast, but now will be back again. Posole is my fav the portion was enormous! Will probably ask for additional fixings next time.
Not stupendous comida, but the staff is friendly and they usually have either spanish soap operas or futbol on TV. Good prices and non-corporate chain food tastes better!
They have some really cute clothes in this place. The prices are a pretty wide range so it fits a lot of budgets. I just wish the gals that work here were friendlier. The other reviewer must have worked with other people. I wish they had been working today!
Down the street and convenient to me.  Is set up as a great sports bar and the beer is really cold.  Sadly the food sucks.  I have tried a couple of different things and it's the same.  Wish it wasn't that way because this could be really cool.
Seriously, we wait an hour for delivery  the pizza was cold zucchini is cold and then the owner says we should package our food return it.  Work on your customer service.
Awesome place.  Won enough money to pay for the suite, fine dining and for the massage at the Wynn Spa. Excellent restaurants, bars, entertainment and gaming room. \n\nOh,their suite was one of the the best hotel room I have stayed in.
I am going to keep this one short and simple. Six beers for $15 on the Strip. Good luck finding a better deal. Plus a juke box playing some great Oldies and Classic Rock. It may be dirty, old, and smoky but Slots of Fun is a nice place to chill for a bit.
Always great clean food. I eat there all the time and they are so good about not making a mistake on the order. Competitors sometimes dont listen to your order and are inaccurate at high volumes but them manage to stay accurate even when they are extremely busy.
I had the best massage today. The person that was my massage therapist has MAGIC hands. I've already booked another massage the week after next with the same therapist! I am looking forward to coming back. I've found a gem :-)
Wow... all we could say after this meal was bland, bland, bland. Everything sounded so good too. And our service was atrocious.  What a let down!
The worst sub I ever had! The tuna was bad and the cold cuts are inferior! I was sick for 2 days!!! The board of health should check this place out!!!
Most awesome hotel I have ever been to.  All of the food was awesome, the pool was great, the nightclub (XS) was amazing etc etc.  The only complaint was that the pool was so popular that we had to wait for chairs to open up.  But, I can't wait to go back!
This place is FANTASTIC!  Great staff, great oversized rooms and very very clean.  Bathrooms are modern and clean, not to mention the floor to ceiling 10 foot windows! Which overlook chase field.  When in Phoenix The Westin is a no brainer.  Pass go and collect your 200 dollars
Wings are wings nothing special, but sports, attractive woman, and cold beer makes this a spot I gladly would return to.
Usually Vegas buffets are a gluttonous amount of mediocre food. The Buffet At Bellagio is not that. The food ranging from mussels, fresh carved turkey, pesto mash potatoes and bagel with lox will satisfy families and the hungover! Go now on an empty stomach and enjoy:)
Had the classic chicken ranchero burrito today. It was pretty good although it lacks lettuce, tomatoes and other such items I enjoy in burritos. The salsa bar is impressive and I enjoyed the pico de gallo and chips. Overall, good meal for a good price.
The Coffee Rubbed Filet Mignon, served with a mushroom-ancho chile sauce, was heaven. Need I say more?
There's always something delicious at the Market!  Fresh veggies, breads, sauces, meats & cheeses, a taste for everyone!
Friendly wait staff. Fresh squeezed OJ \nI ordered the breakfast grilled cheese.  It was delish
Come here quite often, never disappoints. service is much to be desired but the food makes up for it.
Dinner tonight was the worst!!! Every steak at our table was cooked wrong. The only thing that was correct was the crab; now that's bad for a steakhouse.
great happy hour menu there portions are perfect and taste great. love the casual atmosphere. And there guest service was amazing they made us laugh they were prompt. WE WILL definitely go again next time were back in town.
Skip this location and go the extra few miles to the Geno's on Williams Field near Val Vista. The Famous cheesesteak at this location is hardly worthy of the name. At the Williams Field location you'll get a proper cheesesteak... 1000% better than here.
Great Job!\n\nThey customized our stairs and redid flooring.\n\nCouldn't be happier\n\nGood to work with
Was not impressed. there was a big line which had me excited anticipating a yummy taco but the meat was dry and the iced tea tasted funny . The overall experience was just  meh.
Adam , Delton , and Robert are all incredibly helpful and knowledgeable about scooters. I have a 1985 Honda elite that broke down earlier this week. They towed from Peoria to Scottsdale , did the work in one day. I broke the bank but it was well worth it. I will be coming back for more work in the future.
Sorry, but our pizza was cold.  All nine cuts of it.  And the garlic wings didn't taste like garlic.  Maybe it was an off night?
The Ultimate Porter House for two was amazing!  Steak was so flavorful you didn't even need the signature sides. The mashed potatoes were blah, and the deserts were good but nothing outstanding.
This place is unreal!  I had lunch there yesterday- on the recommendation of these reviews.  It was better than I'd hoped, all of the food on the buffet was fresh, hot and tasty.  Service was very good as well- we'll definitely be back again, and again...
Pretty solid Korean food imo. Ordered the Gamjatang (meat was tender, broth was flavourful) and bibimbap (this also came with a soup which was nice!).\n\nWould recommend this place for a good Korean meal in Waterloo :)
Good diner in a ghetto area - kinda like a diamond in the rough. Good food for a fair price.
If you have never been here you are missing out. Best cheese steak in town, whiz and provolone for me!! Best of all, it is 24 hours.
Worse place ever! These are college kids that burn the food or do not cook it right. They don't pay attention to your order either. It is gross! If I could give them less then one star I would!
Attended a gathering here with heavy appetizers. Food okay. The service was less than fair. May try again...or not!
A pretty good place to stop in for bar food on Walnut Street. They gave good drink specials (1/2 bottles of wine Wednesdays and some Fridays) and the food is average. I'm not a huge fan of the crowd that stops in on a night out, but I would probably come back for dinner sometime.
This outlet has stores I love. The only thing this place needs is more places to sit and they NEED a family restroom where you can breastfeed a baby and change a diaper.
Love love love this place. They did an amazing job. Favorite place for happy hour.
Love the unique flavors of ice cream and gelatos. Remind me of those early childhood days in typical Asian household. Flavors of avocado, jackfruit, red bean in ice cream. Yum yum yum\nTasty fries. Chicken was served a bit too dry. Will be back definitely.
Just moved to town. Tried a handful of other places before finding this gem!!!!! The search is over. They know how to make pizza. Oh yeah their cannolis are amazing!!!!
ZERO stars here. Halloween costumes over priced and extremely cheap. And they will not do exchanges even if it's a manufactures defect. Don't waste your time or money here. BAD business.
Was really disappointed in the lack of attention from the staff and mistakes on orders. I also don't see how this place can justify a lunch for three people at the rate of nearly $70. I will not be a frequent flyer here.
Blonde moustaches do not count for \"free moustache ride movember\".  Sorry my moustache is the wrong color.
Overpriced. Bread was hard. The scallops had a lot of grit and very buttery. Not worth the $30 price. A lot of gnats flying around. Very dis-appointing.
Very helpful & friendly employs
I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant. The seaweed was tough and the sushi did not seem very fresh. The tempura veggies were pretty good.
Nary a stumble upon arrival.  All avenues are clearly marked.  I'd agree with the nickname of America's friendliest airport.  Everyone from security to the rental shuttle driver gets a big thumbs up.  So, arrival was smooth.  Hope departure runs the same.
I was tempted to give Scarpetta 3 stars but I really liked our server, the ambiance, the appetizer and table offerings.  I thought my pasta dish was just good.  Vegas is always pricy and I understand that but I guess I had hoped for a tiny bit better entree.  All in all a nice experience.
Great atmosphere. Great service. Good prices. Massages were very routine but not bad. Staff was very gracious, so that left a good feeling for me. I was hoping for a better massage on my feet, so for a foot spa, it left something to be desired. Giving 3 stars for the atmosphere and the friendliness of the staff.
Our favorite local Mexican restaurant. Good chips and salsa/bean dip! The chicken mole is the best in town! Great views of the strip too, go after dark to see all the lights on the strip! \nServers are friendly and attentive.
Really people?!?!?!?!  After reading so many great reviews, I had to try to this place.  We ordered the Western Special....what a big disappointment  :( \nI guess I had really high expectations...prolly won't return.
Please do not rent the blue gsxr, please see my review in the 3735 las Vegas blvd.  It is dangerously drizzling brake fluid out of the left caliper onto the rotors and has air in the front brake lines.
Horrible worst extensions I have ever had don't buy the groupon not worth it she hurried through it they lasted about 3 days .
I was very excited to come and try out this new healthy restaurant. I was very unsatisfied with the portion size and price. The flavors of the salad were very good but for $11 I would have hoped for a bigger meal. I have not tried the juices yet, but they too run pretty price at $7 each.
Food was average at best for a restaurant of this acclaim. Wine tower is impressive. Service subpar.
The food was good but it took 40 mins to get a B.L.T. and mac and cheese. It was mid day and not busy. Our server, Nadia, was friendly. Ambiance is nice. Moscow Mule cups are tin instead of copper.
The store is big, lots of wigs, hair extensions.\nThe prices are a bit expensive. Sexy Hair, Organix are cheaper  in Walmart for example. \nI was looking for some really good hair dye but I didn't find what I want. But they have lots of different hair care products.
Good music to dance to but too ghetto for my tastes. In addition, after you pay a cover and go in you can't go out and come back in. You have to pay the cover again. That's gotta be one of the stupidest thing I ever heard.
Greasy food and waiters were not attentive. Over all first time experience was not good. \n\nOn a good note the spuds were good!
Went at 1030pm.  Hours say open til 11pm.  Stopped at drive through and was told sorry were closed.  Slow service otherwise.
Close to home, convenient and consistently good. Baristas really know their stuff at this locale. Boulder city is not the friendliest. You need to a local fir them to recognize you.
They have some awesome sales people. Unfortunately because of my very negative experience with another autonation dealership I had to walk away.
Totally a wonderful place, great restaurants, shops, and everything conveniently located around you. :) enjoy! :)
New place!!! Great food !! Great drinks!!!\nNew owners !!! All is great !!!
great place they help me almost everything that  i had to replace
Best service at a local Subway. The other stores are not nearly as knowledgeable about the product, pricing, or options as this one.
I got the country fried steak and it was good but later walking the strip my stomach felt off like the food was too heavy (grease).  The mac and cheese was good but overall I feel like this place was just decent.  Our server was nice but this isn't a spot you HAVE to come to in Vegas.
Uh, WTF is up with the terrible music in this place after 9pm? Wack.  Glad that there are lots of 'mos having a good time in this megacomplex... it seems aight... but really.  It's 2009.  Get a better DJ.
Here for the 35 cent wings and now I remember why I stopped coming here.  Extremely slow service, tiny teeny itty bitty wings & flat beer.  Got here at 7:30 and barely leaving at 9p due to the ridiculous wait time.
Absolute magic. The best show I've seen in Vegas.\n\nI don't know how anyone could not like this show unless they are too stupid to understand a fully unsubtle plot.
Went here recently for daughter's birthday.  As always, excellent service,food good, but pricey.  One of our favorite places.
Great breakfast today\nGreat service\nGreat food\nFun atmosphere\nSimple...this place is a winner!
This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte!  They never disappoint and there is something for everyone on the menu.  Pad Prik is my favorite entree.  They can adjust the spiciness of any dish to your liking. I definitely recommend this place, especially for a date!
Just had a chicken bean and rice burrito, not the best Iv'e had.  getting sick of all these mexican places tasting the same (see Robertos)
Got my food real fast (Express, I guess). Curry rice was over-spiced, not tasty at all.
Had reservations at 1015 pm.  Late by 15 minutes.  Waited 2 hours after that.  Sounds more of a night club than a restaurant.  I was the fool.
Glass Nickel on the East Side of Madison is always good. I use to work there in high school before they branched out so much. It is still has good food and lots of the same menu. Can't complain! Our server was great too!
The best hot and sour soup this side of town. Their egg foo young Cantonese style is unbeatable and their moshu is fantastic. The only thing I think could be improved is their egg rolls sort of taste like out of the box not. Homemade.
over price and food is not that great
Average food at not so average prices I came here on the weekend and they were closed on Sunday. The food the first time I came was decent at best
It could have been romantic place, almost. I went there when there during weekdays, when less tourist in the area. The food was good, and tasted better with the nice winter light coming from the big windows on the second floor.
I was lucky enough to have a dessert platter from Benedict's at an event I was at in Scottsdale.  The chocolate chip cookies were incredible, and I would have the brownie-like chocolate cake every night if my pants had an elastic waist.
een coming here for years and it's still my favorite place to get some oysters.\nEnjoy some clams strips and beers out on the patio. Great atmosphere!
Ordered the burger. Pretty good especially for the price. Didn't look like a frozen patty. Plenty of TV for sports. Looks like a Chargers bar. Not smokey but also not busy. Couple of pool tables, fooseball, darts, and shuffleboard. I would come back.
Awesome sandwiches! I had heard a lot of this place so I had to try it out. Cool that it was open 24 hrs too! Great prices and very quick. Didn't think it was going to be in the mall, but that didn't matter. Very good!
We shop at this store because it is close to our home.  Generally it is alright.   I usually end up there for small volume trips and this is the reason I gave them only three stars, regularly they do not have the handheld baskets by the entrance...I can usually find them by the exit door...a real pain!
My husband and I went there for our friends birthday dinner. The food wasn't that great and the salad looked like it was from one of those salad bags that you can get at a grocery store. Our waiter was very nice, but the food wasn't so great. I think Olive Garden is better than this.
Service is great and so friendly. The lamb skewers were to die for so yummy. I had the free range chicken mini pot it was awesome.
This place was aweful!  The delivery was fast but the food was aweful.  I took 1 bite and it all went in the garbage!
Cool building, but the food is the most boring I've ever seen.
Really good vibe. Really nice place. Sound and stage is awesome.
So good! When I first heard of this place, I was skeptical. Maybe because of the name or how people would describe it to me as, \"a really good hot pocket.\" So I finally went the other day, and it was delicious!! I got the Mexican, and I loved it!!!
bought one dozen donuts..turn out to not to be fresh..never buy donuts on weekday..\nweekends seems to be fresher.  should be charge day old price.
Review is based on my first and last online order. I've been coming here for years so I was excited to see they now offered online ordering. It's been over 40 minutes and counting waiting for 2 bowls of soup that should have been ready 30 min ago. Will not order online again.
Overall pretty bad experience. Menu was so sticky I could barely touch it, food took 20 minutes at dinner time even though only two other patrons in store, homeless man was begging for money outside the front door.
Some good Chicago eats on the west side of Phoenix.  Loved the pizza puff and the hot dog and Italian beef were decent. Fries were ok.  Love the logos painted outside in the parking lot-they even have the Chicago rush represented-nice!
The food was phenomenal!! It was a tad bit on the expensive side, but it was def the best breakfast steak I have ever had! If you like coffee this is the place to visit! I'm giving it 4 stars just because it was a little over priced. Other wise we would go back again!
Drove past for years, ate there first time last week. Delicious. High quality. I'll definitely be back!
This place is super yummy. The penne rosa is my face. Caesar salad is a great side. Nice to sit outside when it's not too hot.
I actually enjoy Dennys so we started going to this location when we moved in the area.  We've been twice.  Both times we had issues.  First time the service was lacking.  Second time the food took forever to come out and then it was cold.  I dont think we will be coming back to this location.
The place was empty but we still had to wait a while for our food to come out and it was cold.  Not crazy about the crabby service either.  It's a shame because it's so close to home.  We won't be going back :(
What do you expect?  I wavered from my usual Club and had the Buffalo Chicken to.  Not bad.  Not great.\n\nI am glad they finally switched the kids meal bags.  We have way too many of them.\n\nThey added more seating outside.
2 words... Bed Bugs. Welp, that sums up everything. Beware. SICK.
This was actually decent BBQ for an airport. Pulled pork wasn't the best but it was decent. Corn bread was good. The brisket looked really good.
The people who have given Mamma's 1 or 2 stars must be having a laugh. BEST PIZZA in Edinburgh! you can literally get any combination of toppings! I once had jalapenos and apples!!!! you gotta try this place!!!
Another plus for Fox! They told me it could take up to 14 days for my debit/credit card to be refunded the $150 deposit. I am happy to say that I received the refund in less than TWO DAYS!! great experience and I will definitely use them again.
This place reminds me of Chipotle, BUT BETTER! Everything about this place was a great experience. The food, the employees, and cleanliness. The salsa bar is delicious and the good is all fresh. I'm definitely coming back!
Had a bad experience! Ordered the spicy squid and turned out to have about 10% squid and 90% vegetables.  Approached the management with it and replied that's how it is.  Very bad customer service and the meals size has reduced.  Wouldn't go back, bad service and small meals go somewhere else!
This was an excellent event and I was extremely happy with the quality of all the locally produced goods. There was something for everyone there, I ended up blowing way too much money at this place. I couldn't believe that there was no entrance fee! Bonus mo money for the vendors. I can't wait for next year!
This place is very professional and has a large selection to choose from!!\n\nGreat place to let some extra tension out ;)\n\n$25 for a regular hand gun (20 rounds)\n\n$50 for a machine gun (20 rounds)
Very bad purchase experience. I bought a shirt with a hole covered in the rolled up sleeves, but they denied my request to return it. I am so angery at this and will never shop their chothes anymore.
This is the best Mediterranean food I've had in the U.S.!!  Everything is amazing.  Try the eggplant salsa, the falafel, the homemade lemonade and the baklava.  What a great new gem in Henderson!
This is the place we go for the perfectly average and uninspired \"Mexican\" food that was introduced to us by our parents.  For whatever reason this place is an institution to residents of Mesa.  Nevertheless it occasionally hits the spot when we are looking for Mexican comfort food.
Go only if you're staying at The Paris.  Do not make this a destination buffet.  Both breakfast and dinner are adequate at best.  No better and a lot worse than any other hotel buffet.  Don't believe the hype that this is French food--it's not!
Great time. We had a groupon here a while ago and they even gave us extra laps for each racer. It was a fun time. Wish it was outdoor though. The karts are in good condition and the track is definitely a fun one. If you are a beginner or a pro you will definitely have a great time here!!!
service was horrible, went for lunch very few tables were occupied and took forever for drinks, food and check.  Food was so-so.. and pricey,  as a local I sure won't recommend this place to anyone. Better restaurants on the strip
decent, not awesome. I went with a deal sort of like groupon-ish.
This was the first time and probably the last time going to Dickey BBQ. I heard some good commits so I tried it. The ribs were dry and the potatoes casserole tasted like boxed mash potatoes and the green bean and bacon was just bland.
The atmosphere was nice but the food was awful! It tasted like frozen food that was either deep fried or saut\u00e9ed to make warm. I would never choose to eat here again.  Even Roberto's is better Mexican food than this place.
Good Fish, great prices.
I highly recommend Basc for all your accounting needs! They are professional and courteous and can put your mind at ease during tax season, thanks basc!
If my mother was a diner, she would be embodied by Hubbard Ave Diner..this place epitomizes home cooking. It makes me happy, warm, and fuzzy. Thank you Hubbard Ave.
Airport is not too bad. Lines can get long at times. The free wifi by the airport is awesome.
Great service but the food was terrible. Just stick to drinking and pool here then head to Roberto's next door for food.
Fun place for older kids. 9 and up. I didn't feel comfortable having my 3 years old there.
Really liked the food here. The guacamole had cranberries in it, which surprisingly tasted really good. Lot of food choices and some good fish dishes. Its pricier than most mexican places but its worth it. I don't eat pig or cow but the chicken and fish were good.
This place reminds me of a smaller scale Francesca's. Everything is color coded, the prices are very reasonable and super trendy and adorable.\n\nWhy am I not a millionaire? It's stores like these that I wish my money was unlimited. A definite must if you're in the Southside.
We had a really nice server. The Cashew Chicken is a HUGE dish- it lasted me for 3 meals.  I shared Adam's Peanut Butter Cheesecake and it was AWESOME. I love Cheesecake Factory. They have a huge menu and their bread is awesome! Can't wait to go back.
One of my fav's for authentic Thai food and you don't have to go to the strip. Always order the tom yum (ground chx) noodle soup from their lunch menu. Comfort food that always satisfies.
I would give them ZERO stars if I could! No response from them! Oh, but they reported me to the credit bureaus and it's on there until 2020! Biotches!
I'm a fan of the big burrito, but I'm also a fan of a freshly cooked tortilla and having the innards mixed up too.  This place has the trifecta.\n\nSome outdoor seating along with a beautiful Phoenix afternoon made this a good break from work.
Excellent Chicago dog, their church punch is pretty yummy too.
Honest and committed to quality service.  They go above and beyond expectations every time, even on our vintage Lincoln. We have taken multiple veciles here for several years and wont go anywhere else.
Location is a little run down, but it's Shoneys. You kind of get what you pay for. \n\nFood is still decent, but not best quality. \n\nOne positive is you have a big variety!
i think this place violates several child labor laws.  which i guess is pretty cool, if you're into that sort of thing.  (as for the \"good for kids\" rating, i checked no).
We tried their sandwiches and soups, and they were very yummy. The interior is delightful and bright. \n\nDefinitely would go back!
Being open till 3 am is clutch, they were about to close the doors and still let me in to get food. Good customer service
run by thugs, and skanky strippers that are too old and burnt out to show that much skin.\nWas literally robbed by this staff. and threatened. Sure wish I read through these bad yelp reviews,... looks pretty common here
One of the larger Second Cup around.  Always tons of fresh goods.\n\nCan get busy on Sundays where students come to study.
I am devastated they no longer have $2 margaritas Sundays, Mondays and Tuesdays. I loved the old location and was eagerly waiting this one to open. However, it seems more pretentious in its new digs.
Busy saturday dozens of customers waiting and only 2 service writers on staff.  Terrible customer service.  This is a direct result of management making poor choices in staffing to meet demand, especially for a 50k suv!  If you can, go somewhere else that honors their appointments.
The totally rude bartender ruined it!  Would not go back.
Thank you to the Ladies and Gentlemen of this establishment for inspiring me to keep up with my exercise regimen and healthy diet *wink wink*...Also, thank you for adding some new moves to my already hot and heavy repertoire. :P
I had a special burger with fried egg, bacon, and peanut butter. Sounds crazy but it was terrific. San Tan Valley this place is soooo yummy!!!!
I have been to 2 Cultural festivals here. It is a great venue for showcasing food and cultural performances. \nParking can be steep at the garages nearby if you cannot find it for free on the street.
Mahi Mahi fish tacos were great. Server had an attitude and was very very slow.
Had the shrimp tacos. They were pretty good. A little on the expensive side for fast food.
Got good pizza here a couple of times and then something happened.  Last 2 times I ordered it took forever.  80 min. today instead of the 30-40.  Even got a medium pizza instead of a large, cold and undercooked.  They said they will credit me but I am still upset about having such an awful meal.
Lovely place to sit at the bar and grab a cocktail or special app or two....\n\n:)
I am not a fan of american mexican food, good thing they don't serve that fare here. The taquitos take me back to the streets of tijuana without the risk of \"after effects\" :)
I live close to this one so that means I come here often duh lol. But I love the bistros they're so funny and I always get a great cup of coffee :)
Wendy is incredible. She educates her homebuyers and helps them to feel comfortable and relaxed when purchasing their home. I've very lucky to know her. Thank you Wendy.
Every time we com to CP Forum Shops we always pop in to MARC BY MARC JACOBS and every time we get excellent service.  The sales staff is very helpful and go above and beyond!
This is below average carolina barbeque. I made a special trip for a quick lunch and was very disappointed. The pork lacked flavor, the slaw was yellow from mustard, and the fries were food supply sourced. I had hoped for much better.
Had the stuffed cabbage. delicious!!!!!!! Side of veggies and water. Will definitely be back.
Go here practically everyday! The food is always fresh (I can taste it practically off the stove) very friendly staff! Awesome environment for anyone to go to to relax or catch up on a good book.
I like the Eiffel Tower and Arc du Triumph in front.  Except they're all mashed up and give the place a claustrophobic effect.  Also, what's up with the crazy \"sky\" thing inside?  Kinda weird.
I always use the on-line ordering. Simple and easy. Cuts down on wait time. I dig their thai curry soup. Nice and zesty.
I know I'm supposed to like the O and that it's a tradition, but honestly, the food is not all that good.  I like the fries, they are better than average, and the portions are huge.  My cheesesteak sandwich was not even average, and the portion of meat was very skimpy.
Terrible pho. The broth was bitter. Tai meat was overcooked not tai at all. The place was nicely decorated and waiter was friendly. If you do go here, have something other than pho.
We would probably eat here again. Menu sounded good but we ended up getting everything packed up to go since my son was not having a good day and they seemed busy and I didn't want to take up a table with a tantrumming little one.
I ordered some Long John Silver food, the food was cold and as I drove all the way to my hosue I found out  they gave me the wrong order. Plus the lady at the drive thru window was rude.
I'm glad I finally found a place that can fix my craving for boba without having to drive to Cali to get it! It is definitely comparable and I just love their Lychee-Flavored Snow with Boba! My favorite!
Yes please. You can't go to Vegas & not stop by Fat Tuesday! If you do, you're not American. Don't let the terrorists win.
i love this place!!!!!!!
I am just ordering while an employee who walked in ahead of me has left with her drink. It's always nice to know the customer comes first?
The beer selection is great and the bartender made good suggestions. The Saurbraten iis the best I have ever had. The brats were a favorite with the kids. The staff is very friendly too. We will be back.
Jasmine and Josh were great to work with and very helpful. Thank you for your service.
Had the beef pho. I forget if it was the number 11 or 12. It was very good. Some places have a cilantro overkill, but this place did it just right.
A refreshing alternative to Cold Stone, 31 Flavors...
I really want to like the place.
The steak was poorly grilled. The white truffle mac & cheese was divine. The waiter was nice, but didn't know when to cut the chat, and let us eat.
Not great but I ate it. I think everything just lacked flavor. Americanized Chinese food for sure, and I'm fine with that but everything needed salt or something, weak in flavor. I tried it but wont be back. I wanted to like  it cause I live close by.
Fun place to take the puppy.
The employees at this location are horrible, on 3 different occasions I have walked into an empty store and stood there waiting for them to stop talking and do something and everytime I end up leaving because it is so irritating.
Food network.  Good!!
Very fresh and yummy items, great fish tacos, will return here for more.
The badest Bubba restaurant I were. \nDry and tasteless fish and shrimp were which too much lemon. The garlic bread was not crunchy. It was just soft.
Three stars is about right.  Its okay but not memorable.  The atmosphere was fun though and lively.
This place is fantastic! Love the pizza! Best in town?? Debatable...but very good nonetheless. Good beers on tap and a good wine selection. Wonderful atmosphere and great location. 4 stars!
The ultimate skillet was more like vegetable skillet. Barely any sausage. Pancake is good. Food is decent too. Overall just an average.
We love this place.  Great food, great service (although we try to avoid the old server, as she's a grump) I would eat here every day if I could.  Yum.  Be prepared to wait a long time most of the time, as everyone else seems to love it too.
Just had a taste of the Ribeye Bistecca. (thanks Jan & Dave) awesome great flavour.
Dive bar / casual atmosphere but the bartenders are so awesome and friendly! (Shoutout to Jared and Leah who I just met recently).\nThe parking lot is hard to find if you've never been.\nDelicious drinks, food, and great music...I'm definitely a fan.
Was just posting another review from another restaurant & noticed this review was not posted.  Would like everyone to see it since Litchfield's is amazing and saw some bad reviews on open table......
stopped in with friends for a latte on a cold day.  Great service, friendly people and perfect coffee... what else is there to say?
don't feel like it's a authentic malaysia restaurant...the food is more like chinese.
Melissa did my hair and make up for my wedding day! She understood exactly what I wanted and everything turned out great! My hair and make up both stayed the whole night I didn't need any touch ups or fixes even though I had cried a little and people were hugging me. I would highly recommend her!
I was excited to check this place out, because it was inexpensive and a 50s diner (yay!) but they didn't have anything I could eat as a vegetarian.  Not a single thing.  So we went elsewhere.  Sad!  It looked cute!
food not very good and the service is bad the bartender was on the phone most the time and overall the place was kinda creepy
Rotten place.  Smells of sewage and the manager runs around naked.  Fact.
It's never that good here, and it's never that bad. The bread that they give you with the cinnamon butter was not the same like it usually is the last time I went, so I was pretty sad. Service is prompt but the blandness of the food gives it 3/5 stars
Food was average. Steak was a little tough and the bread before the appetizer seemed a little cheap. My \"warm apple cobbler\" was cold- :(. I did enjoy the wedge salad. Probably won't be back unless it's free.
Four in our party. Every meal delicious! Best chicken melt sandwich ever, pastrami sandwich tender, lean and delicious. Fish fry very good & French dip good as well. We'll be back (often).
So good dont know why others are hating on it was so tasty and huge portions!
Fried lobsticle! Git it git it. Not over battered/fried and plenty of flavor, don't even need to dip it in the butter. \n\nTheir lobster mary was also good. Quite expensive, but also quite alcoholic, so that was A-OK in my book.
Delicious breakfast! We shared some pancakes which I highly recommend. My husband had the breakfast burrito which he thought was great also. Great atmosphere and service. Best meal we had in Vegas so far and it was the most affordable. Can't be beat!
This place is great. I love going here on warm evenings and enjoying a beer upstairs on the patio. They also have live music. Highly recommend giving this place a shot.
For the price, you can't beat this place. Great food in a no-frills atmosphere.
Everyone I have encountered has been very nice, welcoming and helpful.\nI loved every minute.  The massages I got were AMAZING!!!!!!
I booked a non-smoking room with 1 king bed. After check in, my wife and I walked into our room to find that it had 2 queens, and the room reeked like somebody had just smoked a couple bowls. Not impressed. We will not return, and advise that travelers look elsewhere for a nice hotel.
They closed :-(
An okay place... not on my top 50.  Plus, the \"chef\" used the same towel the entire time we were there- but rinsed it out in the sink as we were leaving - Humm, question the Health Department A?
Awesome! Best day ever!
Avoid this place like the plague!!    They have 3 idiots running the kitchen and are turning out precooked meals 2 every 20 minutes. Been here 1 hour and still waiting for them to pour SOUP!!
I'll give it four stars for Phoenix dim sum. Price is reasonable. Most dishes were hot and fresh. There were a lot of people both before and after we arrived, which is a good sign. Go between here and Phoenix Palace, depending on which is more convenient for you.
If you want a quite escape this is the place. Not sure if I liked the Belgium waffle.... Felt a lil hard. I also wish they served my cappuccino in a cup not a to go cup.
This place is slow slow slow like frozen molasses .   Do not want to leave this slow line to use rest room,  otherwise would need to cancel hotel reservation because I will be here ALL. Night. Long!
This place is really LOUD!\n\nBacon bleu burger-not bad. Spicy chicken tortilla soup-needed to be heated longer. Soup should be hot, not warm. Ginger ale-too sweet.\n\nP.S. This place is really LOUD!
Don't go! The service is awful and the price is pretty high. Please be careful the amount on the bill before you sign it. They will automatically charge you 18% gratuity without your permission; even you only have three people dining. They should be shame of their service and very high gratuity.
Had the brisket and the bbq beef sandwich + sides.  Everything was no good.  The meat was dry the sides were bland.  If you're looking for good BBQ in the Phoenix area I recommend Honey Bears or Bobby Q's.
Great mall. Need more elevators, more restrooms and what the hell, says you open at 10:00 am but the stores aren't even open yet. \n\nThis mall needs to get it together.
It would be great if I could get the best of the best (Pampas) in Seattle. The service by Dave was efficient and entertaining\nThe meat let me know what the word Carnivore is all about. Great place. Use the
Nice machines, not too packed, and at $10 month? Yah, I'm a fan.
I love this place. Great for gluten-free.  Taste great too. I come here often. Groupon helped since it is a bit pricey. That's also why not the 5th star.  But I'll keep coming because it's good and good for you.
Better than Chipolte anyday!!! For $10 my wife and I got stuffed. The staff was friendly and best of all no long lines (yet). Real Mexican food (not corporate). Fresh food and the Horchata is homemade (best I ever had).
Over priced, ok pizza.  Nothing special.  I will not return
One of the coolest Bass Pro Shops in the country. If you are in the area, are into redneck stuff, you gotta stop by! This place is more exciting to me than the Vegas Strip!
Waiting in line here is slower than watching paint dry.
A neighborhood staple! This place has no frills but lots of thrills. Go play pool and Pac Man and listen to Hank Williams on the juke box. Best days are when they have live bands. Can't call yourself a Charlottean without visiting the Beav!
Yummy subs at a good price. The former owners were jerks and would always skimp on the food. The new owners and their employees are friendly, fast, and hook it up.
Good tacos. I'm a picky Mexican food eater and I don't mind their food. Nothing GREAT but I wouldn't complain. The prices are pretty cheap considering the quality, freshness and authenticity of the food\n\nI've heard many rumors that they always barely pass their health codes. Uh oh!
I'm Sorry to say..But this store is just Nasty!!
Thin & crispy gluten free crust with unlimited toppings for $12. Tastes good and I only ate half. Worth it!
Someone please help this location... The staff is undertrained,they are out of key items and supplies  and they cannot keep up with the demands of a busy  location. Fortunately they are nice which eases the annoyances of long waits and other issues.
When we are at Desert Ridge with the kids this always seems to be our \"go to\".  Food is good, plenty of options for the kids and the service has always been great.
I honestly don't get what the big deal is with this place... \n\nI've eaten here 2 - 3 times with coworkers who rave about it but it seems to me that its just a confused Boston market with lower quality food.
Had an awesome time New Years Eve here. Gabriel Iglesias put on an amazing show. Flufyguy did not disappoint, all new material. Our server Jaime was beyond awesome and handled the crazy situation beautifully. Will go back again.
First time at Toms..... Loved it! Ask to sit in Briannas section.  She is the very best! Tell her the crazy lady from denver that loves her red glassed sent you!
Horrible. They do not know how to shape an eyebrow or make them even. Go somewhere more professional, trust me... Or you will have botched eyebrows and will need to regrow your eyebrows for weeks.
Punk's not dead. It moved to Las Vegas and it's wasted at the Double Down.
Enjoyed the atmosphere and food!
If you want to feel like you are in a prison cafeteria, then come here. If you want to get diabetes or a heart attack, then come here. It is the most depressing environment and the quality of the food is terrible.
Definitely had better Pho. It was ok, not impressed with the quality of the meats in the Pho and rice dishes. I will not be coming back.
A bit hard to find, but its a gem and totally worth it! I got the club sandwich and it was great! All the meat is fresh and very good! Definitely will be returning again soon!
Terrible, none of the owners or the cooks have been near Mexico or real Mexican food. avoid if you can.
Fantastic food!!!!   The staff was perfect with just the right amount of attentiveness. The summer tasting menu was excellent.  Nice ambiance away from the smoke of the casino.
We went their for lunch and it was very good buffet food. I am going to try their dinner soon.  The dinner has more fish dishes and more Sashimi.  It is also priced higher.  The place is clean and roomy.
Clean salon with friendly staff.  Jacque is always on time and makes my nails look fabulous !!!!
So glad they opened one up here! Have yet to try the ice cream sandwiches but the cupcake I had from the fun ATM I had to try was yummy!  Not dry and icing wasn't too sweet just right.
The coffee is Starbucks brew so it was good, the regular croissants at breakfast were also yummy. However, the almond croissants were not fresh and not very good. A little pricey but what you would expect at a little cafe inside a casino. Good when you need a quick bite.
If Taco Bell or Acapulco is your idea of authentic Mexican food, than this place is not for you. However, if you have actually eaten off the numerous and delicious carts that line the cities of Baja, then this is your place. Enjoy!
Nice chill bar. Away from the hoi polloi. Good selection of whiskey and beer (rotates). Lemon drop is very good too. Good atmosphere, can get loud as the night goes on.
This is a great place to go to have a nice quiet drink and amazing food with some close buddies. Had the best bartender who was attentive and lax to be consistent with the chill vibes in the place. A must for sushi lovers and tasty drink enthusiasts alike.
Service was ok, but I loved my California Omelet and there potatoes.  A lot of food, I couldn't fininsh it all.
Good lox and bagels, dirty dinning room and staff that needs a little more pep in their step. All in all if you have 20 minutes to kill and you don't mind sitting outside then I would recommend the traditonal.
Staff wonderful. Poolside customer service and front desk went above and beyond for me.
So expensive! I guess that is the price of airport food .  5 piece chicken tenders costs $9.72 plus tax.
This place was cute, right in the middle of Chinatown in Las Vegas. I guess I must be spoiled by all the boba places in LA that I didn't really like the boba here. But I will come back and try something else if I am ever in Vegas again.
This place blows.  Staff seems bored and depressed, not to mention rude.  Plus there was a 20 minute wait for an empty bar/restaurant.  Lame.
Took more than 40 min and then to find that they took all of my change that I moved to a more secluded location. Will not be coming back to this location.
Takes a lot to impress me, especially with mexican food. Great ingredients. Proper portions for the price. And the flavor is amazing. If your not coming to my kitchen! Go to frijoles. Lol
Adam was very professional, non-pushy, and great to do business with. We had checked out their competitors and Fitness 4 Home was much better in every way.
There was a lot of hype leading up to going to Oregano's... unfortunately it's not a mind blowing experience. It was a run of the mill place with above average food. Not necessarily impressed by anything, but nothing bad to say either.
This place was good. Good price for wings, fries and a drink. Two of my boyfriends chicken fingers were overdone but overall will be coming back. Place stayed busy
Hey Zipps...Did you change out the fish in your fish sandwich?  The menu says \"icelandic cod\"  it was remarkably like Tilapia tonight and a big disappointment.  Please go back to cod or change your fish supplier.  BTW, your wings are the best.
A wonderful little family run restaurant and bar.  The bar tender remembers your name, the waitress smile and remember, a great place for families.
Paid $20 cash for a smog here.\n\nIn and out fairly quickly...drive-thru style setup.\n\nService guy was friendly and talkative...gave him a couple bucks for the extra effort.\n\nRecommended if you are nearby!
This place started off really well then kind of took a turn after it had been open for a while. The burger patty themselves would just be falling apart and they end up charging for every little thing that you change about the burger. When on campus just stick with in & out they are always solid.
It's a staple of Canadiana - this location is packed with University students and suits. Expect long waits, but that can be said about any Timmies.
My favorite sandwich place in Tempe! Everything is fresh, this is always a treat to go to Dilly's. The Dilly Club & Chicken Noodle Soup are amazing!
They have a decent menu and really good prices.  You do get a decent amount of food for the price that you pay.  The Fried Ice Cream is the best that I have had in my opinion!
First and last visit to eat. Food was awful - canned mushrooms, questionable water chestnuts, mushy rice!  Pad Thai mediocre. Spring rolls eh. Only saving grace were the boba drinks. Overwhelming grease smell (stuck in my clothes!).
For starters... The bacon is fabulous. I had the avacado Benedict, also fabulous. Great tea selection.... I do take away a star because the music was so loud. Which can be ok, but nothing ruins a fabulous relaxing breakfast like having to scream over a bad counting crows song
We ate here on Saturday and everything was amazing.  Tina and Raul  did a great job from start to finish, the filets were cooked to perfection and just melt in your mouth. The manager stopped by to see if everything was good which was a nice touch. I can't wait to come here again!! Best steak in town!!
The most disgusting meal I've ever had in my life!!
My first time. Was excited. I will be back :)
One of my favorite places to gamble and I don't know why.  The hotel is dated however they have asian poker, easy sports book, bingo, and great casino host.  The rooms are updated so thats a big plus.  The buffet isn't great but ping pang pong is good.
Longanisa with vinegar dip, fried rice and egg is the bomb!
The food I ordered was ok but the customer service was horrible.  The young man taking my order was rude and had no personality. He didn't say hi or even greet me.  The lady making my sandwich said hi and was more friendly.   The food was not the best but what do you expect from a fast food sandwich shop!
This pizza is complete crap! Not cheap either. The pizza was like flatbread and it tasted like cardboard. Yuck!
Horrible customer service. Dont waste your time and go someplace else and.save money.
Yumm!!!
Pros: food is great, price is fair, and atmosphere is the best\n\nCons: long wait, busy but slow service\n\nAnother thought, there is another one right by the Venetian, will try that one
My last night in Vegas started with dinner at KJ Dim Sum. It was absolutely amazing but the service was a little rocky. Not enough though to steer anyone from the experience. I will eat there again.
The night we came there was one new cashier and about a dozen people wait. I waited about 15 minutes just to order.
The staff is great, Love the location, the services just take some..extra time. Overall Love this place!
We have met the owner a few times on our visits...nice guy but i just cant suggest this place. yes, the chorizo gravy and biscuits is delicious and the prices are good, but i have gotten sick as well as some of the sloooooowest service on multiple occasions. avoid.
I really like the breakfast items and the hot chocolate is good too.  The atmosphere is intimat and much like a coffee house.  The MOMS group meets there, so they could use more high chairs and a kids menu.
Super OVERRATED and way TOO CROWDED and music was the WORST!!!
The food is decent and the restaurant is nice, but the service is actually laughably bad.  For people looking to eat a quick lunch I wouldn't recommend it.  The people that take your order are nice/competent but the servers are pretty awful.
Limited dim sum selection. Slow and inattentive service. Skip it and go somewhere else.
Premi\u00e8re exp\u00e9rience. \u00c0 priori tr\u00e8s bien. Service un peu long. Brownies tr\u00e8s bon pour le prix.
Great BBQ special on Thursday. Great flavor, generous portions, great selection and quality of sides and very friendly service. Not to mention a fun place to eat lunch. Going back to try out their other daily specials. Fun C&W memorabilia on the walls also.
I am sorry to say that this was literally the worst pizza I have ever eaten.
Doh offer some new sushi rolls without rice. The sushi is ok, but too much rice compared to other AYCE sushi places. For the appetizers, they have some great korean and Japanese tapas. The services are very slow. Overall, the food is not so bad!
The worst Michael's in Charlotte. Everything is mislabeled. The employees know nothing and the manager doesn't know anything either. And let me not forget to mention I was in line just now for 20 mins for 1 pack of paint that I did not purchase because the cashiers are the slowest humans on earth.
Went here for lunch and had their mexican burger.  The burger was ok, nothing special.  I feel they could do more as far as flavor and seasoning. They have a decent beer list.  The location is cool and great for people watching.  I'd go back but prob try some other places first.
Favorite place to go out for drinks in Champaign! Fun atmosphere and great wait staff. Wednesday and Thursday half price martinis!!
Coffee is very good here
Staff was rude, unfriendly and unprofessional. The food was over priced and too salty.
Have to try tea service for brunch one day or something! They really go all out and it's a great deal that keeps you full.\n\nScones (with their homemade cream- YUMMM), your own mini pot of tea, petit fours, small sandwiches. So good.
I like the crepes here! It's a great brunch/quick study place.
Bitchiest customer service ever. I'm sorry I asked for a sample, I didn't know you were gonna go on a 5-minute lecture about how if the description of an ice cream says white chocolate cinnamon habanero, it probably tastes like that. Sounds like customer service might not be the strongest point for you...
SERIOUSLY?!?!  Bill goes up 7 bucks without notice?!?!?  the only reason COX is still in business is that there is no other option. \n\nIf they dont drop my bill, ive got to find another option out of principle alone.
I've been using Walgreens for about 25 years. I travel often due to work so I've had a chance to visit many, many  locations. This particular location is convenient for me, but lately there customer service has decreased drastically . The girls there are very rude and seem always confused and overwhelmed.
This is your typical chain-bakery providing industrial style baked goods and some pseudo Euro bistro dishes. Their coffee is lousy. The only good things to report about this place is their south-facing outdoor seating area, which gives you a grand parking lot view, and their wait staff with an attitude.
The Cracked Egg is very overrated.  For a breakfast place, it's just okay.  There are many other coffee shops in Vegas that serve a better breakfast.  I ate there twice only because I had a groupon.  I would not eat there if I had to pay full price.
This is our store and they are usually really good.  But they missed it this morning - Friday before a holidaybweekend and only one register open at 10 am.  Unusually long wait
good food.reasonably priced but the most foul smelling dirtiest rest rooms you can ever find !\n\ni hope they add more items to their take-out menu as choices are few and gets to be boring at some point.
Lanes ok. Balls ok. Shoes ok. Wings and beer ok. I would come again.
I live in Pahrump. Sure would be nice if delivery guy would service us properly.\nI love their ROCKY ROAD,  cannot seem to get the complacent driver to inventory and deliver any kind of assortment !!  WHAT A SHAME
We were given a room on the 19th floor overlooking the pool, strip and could see the Bellagio fountain show, great spot! The room was very clean and had everything we needed! We were in town for a conference that was at the Paris, the conference facilities were great, including the bars, restaurant and staff. Recommend this hotel!
The bartender was friendly, but the sushi was bad.  The rice was so sticky it was mushy, kinda like paste. And the Godzilla roll had something non edible in it, with a hit of cleaning product to taste.  Needless to say, but we won't go back.
I've been a member now for about three months and have really enjoyed this gym.  It's not too big and not too small.  The staff have always been very pleasant and helpful.  I'm here 3-4 times a week and it's never been so crowded that I've had to wait to use the equipment.
Always friendly and professional service. I don't normally have the same person but they've all been awesome.
No great shakes.  Overpriced and small portions.  Seaweed salad was good but service was extremely slow.  Second time there - probably won't go back again.  Disappointing because it was my birthday dinner.
Watch out this place will nickel & dime you. Thought we would give this place a second shot and we totally regretted it. My son ordered the ham & cheese roll up and he asked if he could have turkey instead. They said yes for a $1 extra! Seriously.  Best marketing is word of mouth...remember that.
wow what bad service, i pointed to my table not led to the table, waited 10 mins for the waitress..,after she acted like my son & i wasn't even there while other patrons recieved much friendlier/attentive service.., well maybe we were \"minorities\"
I would give this place two out of five stars. The service was so so and the prices were a little high for Pho. It was ok but don't plan on going back.
Very good resto. Staff was very energetic the food was good but depending on the bugler you order it can get wet sloppy and fall apart  which was a little annoying.\nAll in all it was a positive experience, and nice to have a non Surgakis owned option in this neighbourhood to choose from.
\"The\" healthy and cost effective way to dine (bfast or lunch) while at the Venetian or Palazzo. Very normal portions, good options for vegetarians, and the best part are the fresh juices.
This place has officially closed. It's now The Jade with brand new owners. Slightly remodeled but you can barely tell. Hope most of the money went to the kitchen to clean it up
Well I have been going here for about a month now and I am getting really dark. the staff are really professionally. It is always clean. I drive clear across town to tan here every other day. Really Great!!! And very helpful as well.
Overpriced. Dry cupcakes. Waxy bland frosting.
I made a mistake I review the run restaurant I've never been here yet!
Strong pour on the margarita ( a good thing)! and that is it. The food was unimpressive and not worth it. Good for drinks on the patio. thats it
Great products and beautiful store does not trump the poor customer service. Three blu-shirt employees passed right by me multiple times without greeting nor offering assistance only to stand near the cash wrap and speak to other employees. Was in and out of the store within 15-20 mins without any help during a non-busy day.
Saw the previews, went to try it out last night. Good was good but the price was kinda high compared to the taste of the food. Overall, it was great!!!
Nice restaurant in Leith, lovely food and if you are lucky enough with the weather, a beaut to have your food on their veranda and watch boy boat racers!
The only thing I recommend here is the Chimichanga, and even though it is good, there is no sauce on it, which contrasts much of the great mexican styles in the area. Do not expect the best walking in here.
They have never once gotten my order right at this KFC. There is always sauce when I ask for none on a sandwich, the wrong dipping sauce for my strips, etc. Okay, maybe they did get my order correct once... But it was awful! Check out the pictures to see what I'm referring to.
Delicious great  food accepts restaurant.com coupons but you really don't need them as the prices are quite reasonable.
I'm not as enthusiastic as the other two reviews, but this is above average in terms of food.  However, the atmosphere is lacking in comparision.  It really is a hole-in-the-wall.  If you want something different than a chain, you may want to consider it.
Love love this place! Got a number 3 chicken fingers with lemon pepper was delicious. Sweet tea was an added bonus. Will definitely go again
I have been to a lot of asian restaurant and the food here tasteless for the price at least the dim sum is ok but still over priced.  Service charge is immediately added for group of 5 at 18 percent when service is awful.   I think Paris Hotel should evaluate this restaurant.
All you can eat sushi for around $25. Some of the best sushi I've had. Nice atmosphere. Super friendly service. Go with a group of friends so you can taste a variety of items from the menu. They have nice  variety of desserts too. I had the Fried Banana Ice Cream. Delicious!
I give them a 5 for service and attentiveness but the food was just ok. My grandma didn't like the meat loaf and my grandma didn't like her salad. My turkey sandwich was OK but dry. Not a big fan. Great service tho
This place is great! Cheap, Fresh, large variety and quick.  what more could a hungry person ask for? oh and LARGE portions :)
Very good, greasy, totally only eat once a month food!!!  Everything is fried!  Highly recommend the white trash burger (fried pickle, fried onions, cheese, burger) and their sweet potato fries which are awesome!!!
The food and atmosphere were both good. The price was somewhat high for pretty small portions and our waiter wasn't that great, so it was so so.
great gyros! delish!
Great for a quick stop during Happy Hour only - otherwise save your money for a better restaurant!\n\nMini grilled cheese, popcorn chicken, wings, and pizzadilla...all discounted, and super satisfying! Service was just ok, not very attentive.
Super helpful and nice. I had no idea what I wanted or what I was looking for. Someone helped me pick a good flavor for 30 or so minutes. I hear that organic juice exists for the vapes, and if it does, I hope they carry it. I enjoy getting my products there.
Any place that has a check-in offer for a free pizza is a-ok in my book! Sure you have to buy another pizza to get the free pizza, but whatevs... 2 incredibly tasty Neapolitan pizzas for around 10 bucks? Yes please!
Lovely little store. They have yarn in every price range. Great variety.  I especially like that for every yarn there is a label on the bin telling you the fiber content and about how many balls it would take to make a range of projects. Glad I looked them up.
I don't know much about sushi other than I have never had something like this before. It was simply amazing so much flavor. The interior and view compliment such good food.
its a locals casino with GREAT DEALS!!
Love the place. My friend introduce me to this restaurant and my Mother and I fell in love with it.  The food is delicious and not expensive. The ambiance is modernly hip. Great place to hang out and do karaoke. I recomend this fine establishment 100%. :-)
Generally bad.
Tasty... Odd ambiance of 50s diner with mediocre service but good food... I'd come again
Great wood-fired pizza with fresh ingredients and good beer!  Will return and recommend.  Reminds me of my favorite NY pizza!
Delicious piping hot food made with care and the servers were kind and attentive. Maybe because i spoke chinese lol. Will be here again. They also have the Malaysian thin pancake. Oh my gosh so good. Pricy of course, but what isn't in las Vegas
The food was bland. And the place smelled like old mop water. Luckily we did take out because it was hot in there also.
This Place Closed on Jan 27 2012
Oh my Lord. Delicious. This place is packed for a reason.
Try it.   Don't expect traditional pizza as its not...but it's so good.  They have a nice happy hour while a little higher  priced on drinks then other places in the area.  But the staff is always great and friendly and the food is fabulous.   Try the Cal Italia pizza.
Not a fan of this location, regardless of it being most convenient, but they consistently mess up my drinks, since the very first time When they first opened. I only stop here if it's late at night when the one on park is closed.
Great customer service. Only shop I go to when in Vegas because they're fast and always have inventory
Definitely Paradise in Paradise. I had a great experience here. Incredible massage that had me relaxed and feeling 100% during my trip in Vegas. Paradise Spa is a must for every trip to Sin City! Four thumbs up..
i don't know what to say their double chicken bowl deal is delicious! you get a lot of food here for your money i think plus the salsa bar is pretty dang good itself!!!.
The best Key Lime Pie this side of the Mississippi.  I came, I saw, I selected.  I tasted and my mouth smiled from ear to ear.  The bakery isn't huge in size but is tremendous in taste.  Kudos!!
This place is quite pricy but the servings are big. The menu is really big too! A lot of choices from American to Asian.
Good price, tasty food. On the greasier side of things, set up kind of similar to a Panda Express.  The staff are quick to get you your food from the display  and give you generous portions. If you enjoy Chinese food, I'd recommend you stop by.
We love the Bonefish in Wilmington, NC and the one in Johnson City TN, but this was just so-so!  Greasy food, did not taste fresh and the service was average.  I had to wait 30 mins for a refill on my empty water, while she kept getting my husband liquor drinks.  Will not return to this location
This is a great place for parents seeking natural options for their baby.  The service is amazing and they really know their product lines inside and out.  My wife and I loved coming here during our pregnancy and after Braxton was born.  We highly recommend it!
Paid for the 10 dollar wash to clean my car recommended by the attendant and it didn't even clean the bird poop off my car. The dryers barely dried my car. And there was still soap on some parts of my car. I will not be washing my car here again.
The first time I went to the Wicked Spoon, I was so excited and happy from the food and experience.  I feel like now the quality has gone down.  It is good to try at least once because of their unique way in which they present the dishes, but the food quality is definitely not as high anymore.
The sandwich -- mixed meats-- was uninspired and difficult to choke down. If there was a 0 stars, this place would be it. The 1 star is for their good, albeit overpriced, lemonade that smacked of mint.
Monday night, Tuesday night, Friday night. Doesn't matter; the food always takes FOREVER. We ordered a small pizza with some sides of ranch, and they actually never showed up.... Seriously?
This was the best theater I have been to in the Valley that serves food & drinks in the movie. Great lobby, statium seating, clean and friendly service. I'll be back!
Good place.  Almost always very busy... Might want to make a reservation.  The chefs don't seem to have a whole of personality.... And they are often times not Japanese at all... But the food is good nonetheless.
Went for my birthday after all the great reviews. Service was great but food only ok. I had the guacamole and chips to start and sweet potato enchiladas good but not great. I'd be willing to go back if someone else wanted to go here but I am not planning on going back.
I came for my bday after hearing many great reviews and all I have to say is WOW!!!  From the oysters, horse tartar, the ribeye, etc. Joe Beef definitely is the best restaurant in Canada.
Came in on a hot night and grabbed a small pie with red sauce, pepperoni, sausage, sun-dried tomatoes, and mushrooms.  The thin crust was awesome and it was definitely a pretty big pizza for a small.  The only drawback is the price and the added extra cost for toppings ranging from $2-$5.
We've been coming to Flamingo Palace for years and they are always just as good as we remember. Even my kids love this place, when we give them a choice to go out anywhere Flamingo Palace is always on the list.
Last time I'm staying at this hotel.  The wifi is not free and the gym is not free they charge $25 a day to use their gym.  This hotel doesn't compare to Venittian.  Don't waste your money to stay at this hotel.  Very poor customer service.
This wingstop is awesome! Boneless Mondays and Tuesdays are a bargain. Plus they give military discount on these days too! The wings are bigger size than Buffalo Wild Wings which is very refreshing, you get more bang for your buck! Congratulations on a job well done! (As said in the Navy)
These guys are also fast and excellent when I order takeout food. Their lumpia shanghai platter is not only cheaper than at Goldilock's but is also cheaper.
Granted time is of the essence, but the Staff at RiRa handled our group of 19 on a thirsty Thursday evening with ease!  Don't let uptown parking scare you away from crashing this party, with the Discovery Place parking deck just blocks away RiRa is very accessible for those not living Uptown.
Everything was so good! The wings where hot and fresh! The beer was huge and only $3! This is a great place to go for food or just for drinks.
they have gone down hill...theyre not as good as they once were.
Great service and food. Definitely will be coming back for the delicious burger for lunch
Hangover & Porker burger so good !! perfect sweet tater tots Awesome Burgers !!! \nBurgers are around $10 a plates ....fries included  :)
Great food but not happy with the food price increase.  I most likely will not be coming here again.
Yuck.....why are their food cold?  Not 1, not 2 but 6 of us......\n\nI hope the one their are opening at LAX will be better than this one.
Roach on the windowsill. 'Nuff said.
Sin city smashburgerrrr... yum \nLove this place. Seems like its always busy so you might have to wait. I usually pick up because the tables are full. \nVeggie frites are awesome and the chocolate malts too.
Air conditioning was not functioning at a summer event called WINTERFEST.  Seriously?\n\nIt may be an okay place to go to see an event, but I wouldn't risk planning an event there.  Big time disaster.
The best steak I've had in Edinburgh and the prices aren't unreasonable, either. If you love a good quality steak, cooked to perfection then look no further than Los Argentinos!
Tavo is the best! We always go through him because we get great bottle service and he always responds super quickly!
We used to love this place so much but over the last year the food and service has gone way downhill. We used to love their happy hour menu which is now half the items it used to be at half the quality and quantity. Not quite sure if new management has taken over or hat but it has for sure gone downhill.
I was expecting something really amazing as Cowboy Ciao is highly touted.  While the salads are quite tasty, the wagyu burger and the Korean ribs I had other times were just average especially for the price.
I've been on a Mediterranean food binge lately, drove past this place on my way to the coffee shop on Sunset.  Been there three times since, pretty good food and on the cheap.
Second time was not a charm. The food remained just okay. Not bad, not good. Too many other good places to go for breakfast. And it's not cheap considering its counter service.
I simply love this place. Great food and great service. I do a lot of carry out and its always just the way I ordered it. You can choose spice level on most foods. Which is a plus for someone like me who loves spicy food.
Yeah, 2-3 stars describes the food\n1 star for the prices\n4.5-5 describes our server Aracely
Such nice employees at this place! Patient and helpful. I needed just a side of chicken breast to feed my dogs and they were happy to accommodate. The subs are so yummy and we love the Under 500 Calorie choices! Great place ;-)
The art, architecture, and views are all spectacular. A highlight of our LV trip. Highly recommend the Villa as well.
I had a mani- pedi here today. I was a bit nervous because of bad reviews but it was not bad. Not 5 star- maybe 3.5. Very clean and nice salon. Limited polish selection. Pedi better than mani. I'll go back again in a crunch.
Great breakfast burritos and great service,
This place is great. Wide variety of food and friendly service. I ate here for lunch and dinner. I got a little bit of everything and loved it. My fiance ate them out in crab legs. The price is reasonable for Vegas and you don't have to worry about getting sick. Defiantly worth a try.
Good food, wines and cocktails. Had the Pork Belly, Lettuce and tomato sandwich on 1 visit and the Hunter's burger on the other. Both good food at reasonable prices. Nice open air dining room.
High quality meat piled high on warm bread... delicious! This is a great option compared with most of the fast food centered food court restaurants. I would definitely come back.
The quality of the food has really plummeted over the past year. We use to love coming her to get the creamy clam chowder, not its watery and gross. The nachos were awesome, now the cheese looks brown and disgusting. After 7+ years of coming regularly we likely won't be back.
It's great to have a Jamba while you're waiting for your flight.  For some, the Jamba is a refreshing drink after long nights on the Strip.  For me, it's just a Jamba and I welcome the mango a-go-go.
Haven't tried the wings yet, will try next time. Went there two days in a roll for drinks. Like the patio because it' s nice weather.
THE QUEEN IS DEAD. \n\nWell, she should be. If Jodi Maroni is the queen in question, that is. \n\nTerrible, terrible sausage sandwiches. Worse cheeseburgers. Barely edible fries. You can find something better in this airport.
The food and the service are the best! Seriously, the nicest wait staff & the best damn food you'll ever have. They also happen to play my life's soundtrack. Best music ever.
I have been coming to Joe's for several years and love it. Clean. Short or no wait. Clean. Quick service. Did I mention, clean? God Bless Joe's.
There is no point.  We once rode on it for fun.  That was about it.  And we haven't rode on it since.  Yeah.  Hopefully the locals are using it...'cause I don't know who else would be.  Yeah.
If it's good enough for AC Green it's good enough for me.  (Those who have eaten here will know what I mean)\n\nThe yaki soba is just a shade above average but it gets bonus points for having a lot of vegetables and being so cheap.
This location is excellent! Staff is very helpful. The owner is very wonderful to work with. My favorite part is that they send you an email alerting you that your package has arrived. Also have a great supply of birthday cards!
Greeted and sat right away! Served hot sliced bread w/ olive oil heated in a panini press - good! Service good! No recommendations or anything, was offered dessert. I had the herb crusted / kale salad very good! \nI think would be a great evening place for an Italian date night!
Just ok.\nDont feel the need to go back.
Dale knew just how to tune-up my old touring bike. He made good suggestions, did a great job with the workmanship, and completed ahead of schedule. Great shop!
Beautiful park!
Nice space and friendly staff.  Food is really not more than average.
Way too expensive! Almost $3.50 for a tiny little cupcake. The vanilla has a strange flavor to it, and the chocolate isn't very good.Sorry, I'm not a fan. I'll stick to my local favorite, SUGARLIPS bakery.
Seriously overrated. After a one hour and fifteen wait in line, we were ushered to our table. This place was mediocre and not worth the price. There is far more bang for the buck out there in Las Vegas.
Very disappointed. The service was awful. The servers were not friendly. The food was cold and most of the food (\"their specialties\") aren't even available! I've been to a lot of Filipino restaurants in Vegas but this is just disappointing.
As the French chef told me, she was on a mission to teach the qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois real cr\u00eape and boy has she succeeded!
We had the wild mushroom carpaccio which was exquisitly delicate.  Just the right amount of sweet and vinegar.  The sushi was quite fresh and the decor was wonderful with a nice view of the strip.  Service was also excellent.  Plus the people watching in the mall was an added bonus.
I got the AYCE and ordered the Ecstasy. \nSo good! \nPerfectly seared and served to perfection. \nThe only thing I would suggest is to not get the AYCE because I was full with only the Ecstasy and another roll!
my morning coffee stop on the way to work. Staff is always nice even thought it is 6 in the morning.
Do not order delivery from this place. They took down the wrong address and came VERY late. The food was ok.
My new carpet cleaners! I am so impressed and happy w/ the job they did. No pungent, chemical odor! Yay!!!
Excellent meal and a very nice wine selection.  Our service was quite good as well. We went on a Monday night and the place was packed. I'd definitely would go again
Tao reminds me of how much I love to dance and how much I'm so over clubbing.
Great local shop with very friendly and helpful staff. Eclectic vibe with interesting art work on the walls and fresh beats playing in the background. The pumpkin spice latte (sugar free) was excellent and topped with some of the best fresh whipped cream I've had in awhile.
Way under staffed and incredibly slow service, especially for a Saturday night.
Total religious experience. Pastries are a-MAH-zing. \n\nThe only prob is that there is barely any seating because it's so busy. Incredibly crowded. The customer service though was awesome. Great Tea Selection. The doughnuts are deep fried poetry.
Great family owned place.  I loved the coconut pineapple smoothie.  Also the cool waffle variations like the waffle sandwiches and pizza.
A bit of a weight but worth it.
While visiting Edinburgh, a friend took us to the Mosque Kitchen on our last day in town. As a vegetarian, I thought they had a solid selection for a decent price. The food was tasty and the service was on point.
Who doesn't love ice cream?  Nothing special about Baskin-Robbins except the workers are very nice at this location.  Always a good place to stop by after getting gas
Zero response to this customer's repeated claim of food poisoning both me AND my cat. I was insulted, yelled at in the background, told I was wrong.  They paper neighborhoods with flyers and I cringe at the thought of others getting sick from their food.
Decent food, really good service, noisy ambiance.
This pub is my favorite place for beer and food.  I think I would stop by this place everyday if I could.
Best Pho in town, period!!!
This place kinda rocks!  Had their burger and fries and felt transported to greasy spoon heaven. I plan to start P90X next week, so I'm glad I was able to scratch this place off my bucket list beforehand!
overall not bad, great portions for the price. pretty good, average food. def a great place for just a run of the mill type meal. \n\n(2 people 20 bucks, cant really complain)
A lot of the inventory is damaged,  disorganized,  and out of place.  Everything had a thin coat of dirt on it up at the counter.
We went here for the first time during resturant week.  We have nothing to say but good things about this place.  The service was great, the food was fantastic and the atmosphere was relaxing.  We will definately be back.  Thanks for a great evening out.
The pho here is not very good. Broth is not very tasty. Lacks richness and beefiness. Their egg rolls were soggy and very bland as well. I'd much rather eat at pho little Saigon or pho Saigon 8 which are both a block away. Will not eat here again.
I stopped by to pick up some of their exclusive and famous Big Willies Vanilla Custard. Only place that carries it.  It's a must try/buy.
Amazing service! We had a little bit of a wait to get a table and Jared (the manager - I believe) had apps sent over once we were seated! We will be back!! Great food and amazing dessert next door :)
So disappointed!!! Feel like my friends and I have been totally misguided by the \" 4 star\" rating!
I was there on Friday and only 1 club was open. But I will give the place credit for the $40 all you can drink special.
Here ye Here ye! Take notice of what I say!\n\n1..Yelp directions are wrong!\n2.  THIS PLACE IS CLOSED!
A bit overpriced for melted cheese, but always tasty.  The tricks are going on the girls night out - a fixed price 3 course menu or during happy hour for cheese and chocolate.  Staff is always friendly and helpful.
You know this thing was pretty cool. Great views, but $35 a head. I guess thats not that bad for the view, but I should have gotten an extra beer before I went up there, haha.\n\nIf it was $35 + a drink ticket or something. Then we would be talking.
over rated.
My husband I finally tried Garden Pizza last week for dinner. We ordered wings, zucchini, and a pizza. The zucchini were burnt, pizza was average, and wings were disappointing. Service was alright. Nothing was good enough to make us want to come back.
i always like going there...the food is always good and service pretty good!\nlove the outside terrace.
First time here. I really enjoyed my meal. It was so large I could only eat half of my sandwich. They had complimentary muffins and garlic bread on the salad bar for everyone even without purchasing the salad bar. Not sure on the pricing I did not buy. I will go back again.
This place for some reason... Always gets my order wrong. If it's not size it's the way my drink is made. Sigh.. Idk. I haven't been back in a while. Probably won't be either.
Edible but disappointed. Don't know many Greek restaurants who use oregano in a salad rather than mint or not use lemon juice and garlic in everything. Shawarma was cut so small that it became jerky like and dry. Sweet service but not what I expected.
knowing this lace before it was bought over, I felt it lacked the ambiance of an old country pub it once had. Staff not so friendly and food came out of the kitchen 50 minutes after ordering though there were only 4 tables. Very disappointed...
The most disgusting \"restaurant\" I've ever been to. Apparently there are no health inspectors in Glendale. See my photos got more info.
I've been hoping an amazing Indian restaurant would open up in Phoenix. It's happened! Food was delicious and authentic. Staff was very friendly and welcoming. Chicken tikka masala, amazing! Vindaloo was authentically spicy!
I love this place - friendly staff and wonderful array of flavors available and really good mix-ins. I will be visiting this place again very soon!!!
Talk about awesome sandwich! Can't get enough of their paninis and all of it are at a reasonable price! Service is great too! This is probably the only place that I would recommend to my friends about getting a delicious sandwich.
We come here for the 49cent tacos, but if you're looking for customer service that's above and beyond your expectations, you're barking up the wrong tree. They don't even smile at you. Just saying ;)
Another great restaurant in the Cosmopolitan!  The service was great, the decor was rustic, but comfortable and the food was delicious!  The margherita pizza was amazing accompanied with a glass of prosecco - pure heaven!
A great hamburger \"le gros d\u00e9gueulasse\"\nAwesome tartine brandade de morue\nLovely French cr\u00eapes
Contacted by a marketing person from Ellis Island for more info about the incident. I responded...then never heard another word. Really think they do not care about customer service. Clearly enough people show up for the cheap food. Whatever...just sad.
Pricy drinks- starting at $16. Not even the best I've ever had. But comfortable. They offer a full bar menu and cigars. Up is next to the casino in lobby area.
Debbie is so fabulous!! The service is personal and professional and her studio is adorable. My Brazilian was so fast,\nand after my second treatment w her, I'll never go to anyone else. \nBonus: she's getting a cellulite machine! I can't wait!
The restaurant is decorated in all things 50 including photos, model cars, album covers and two large murals. We each ordered stuffed French toast - mine with cinnamon apples and Ann with blueberries.  The food and service were very good and I look forward to our return.
Decent pizza, but over priced.  Generally feel like you are sitting on top of the people at the next table over.  Lots of tables crammed in a small area.  The best dining experience we have had there was in the small private room.  That was really nice and made the food more enjoyable.
Chicken Alfredo, Crazy Alfredo, Garlic bread, house salad and rigatoni special. Cannoli is he best.
Service was good... The food taste terrible, feels like the boiling pot in LA, but taste totally different. I ordered the spicy pot, the super spicy one, it's not spicy at all...disoppionted
This is your standard dive diner with good breakfast.
Even on a busy 4th of July they got me in right away and gave me exactly what I asked for. I will definitely be back. My nail tech did a fantastic job with gel. By far the best design I ever had and not too much out of pocket!
The sandwiches taste great, but a little on the pricey side.  It was $10 for an average sandwich.  But I figure since its in a tourist area thats how much it'll cost.  But the peanut butter and jelly sandwich was awesome!!  It was huge and was only $4!!
It's Starbucks, so you can pretty much guarantee the same product everywhere you go. That held true for this location. Friendly fast service. Can't complain.
I think this buffet is very solid and better than I think people expect. A fairly good selection of food and it is pretty good. But the deserts really put this higher than your average buffets. Cotton Candy, Chocolate covered strawberries and a lot of other really good eats.
Curry is very dry. ordinary taste
Only been here once, but the selection was great and the rolls were awesome! Not my fav. but defiantly great rolls. My husband had the sushimi and loved it.A bit over priced though.
Came here for the lunch buffet.  I do not know if the food here would be considered authentic, but I think the food is delicious and I was not disappointed at all. I would recommend this place.
The sandwich may be good and the restaurant clean but what would it happen if you need to use the bathroom ?? Good question !!! There is none  totally gross and not up to code ,, wonders how come city of Henderson allows them to do business!!!!
It is an airline that used to be inexpensive and now is very expensive.  You still get their peanut service at full service price.  I really like to fly other airlines as I like a seat assignment as opposed to the Southwest Airline cattle call.
Expensive but very good and surprisingly filling for such a thin crust. Will definitely be back.
DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY FROM HERE!  Ordered and waited 2 hours before it was confirmed they were not bringing the food. At 40 mins was told a driver was 10 mins away and again at an 1 hour 15.  Never ever had service that bad.
WOW!!! This coffee is GOOD!! Thanks Yelp for finding this place for my wife and I!
Called same day on a Sunday and they were able to bathe my Chihuahua. She came back smelling great with trimmed nails in under an hour and a half. Staff was very friendly.
Awesome food, great atmosphere.  I cannot wait to go there in July we travel to Pittsburgh twice a year and always stop here for a lunch.
After reading reviews I had high hopes for this place.  Went here for lunch with a big group.  The only good thing Id say was the fried sushi.  Other than that the food was bland and not flavored very well.  Two stars I guess for the lunch buffet price considering their variety of sushi.
Very beautiful restaurant and bar. The food is high quality and the service is friendly and attentive. I highly recommend it for date night or a group dinner or event. There are endless choices both at the salad bar and the rodizio.
If you love Sushi, this is your place.  great food and fresh, love the name of the items and plates.  High energy place. The place is always jumping.   Service is great too, even when busy.
Great service, clean great burgers! I had the sliders and my husband had the bacon cheeseburger
the service is excellent. the food is some of the best Mediterranean food I've had, particularly in Pittsburgh. the falafel salad is light and delicious and the pastistio is perfection.
Met here for a late night snack and learned that they didn't have food after 10 pm but the awesome staff saved us!! Great chips made here. Salsa and guac very good.  Nice late night atmosphere and good service.  Bar and outside courtyard open. Courtyard is heated, so comfortable in our spring evenings.
Pitbull pest control  has been servicing our home for over 4 years now . They come Monthly and always call ahead of time with the day of the service day to confirm . I have been bug free. \n\nThank you
I heard about the lounge on LinkedIn and checked it out with a friend and loved it.  I have been back around 20 times either by myself or with friends and have found it a great place to hang out an unwind after work.  I especially liked the 4U and the Michael Antoni and bought a box of each.
I used to love coming to foxy nails, and Missy was my nail tech, but they changed management and now it is horrible.  It is not clean anymore, the person running the front desk is rude and the clientele has changed dramatically.  I am in search of a new salon definitely!
Got the daily special (Eggs Benedict) with a coffee. Nothing special but service was fast and friendly and it was a clean place. We sat at the window looking into the garage with the creepy stereotypical Native which was odd.
Absolutely delicious steaks and flatbreads. See Steve for a most professional dining experience. Embers is a most inviting and delicious dining experience. Experience their half price steak on Wednesdays!  Truly the best filet mignons ever, martinis are exceptional!! Do not miss this dining experience. Happy hour every day!enjoy!!
Well, I go there very often mostly because it is close to my school. Some of my friends love it some don't. Basically I always order the same thing like bimbimbap. Btw the potatoes they offer are really good ;)
High priced ordinary food and drinks that aims to trap tourists and unsuspecting folks from other parts of the valley coming to a game at one of the stadiums.  Service is painfully slow.  Loud as hell in here too.  Food is average to below average, basic bar fare.
Ive been a customer for years and i went there today amd my chicken sandwhich i ordered it was completely frozen i took it back and they made me a new one with no sauce on it and it was completely dried out and over cooked. And the guy wanted to argue back. Im never going back.
Good location,average food, but too expensive. Drink service is slow. Entertainment is spotty. Should double the bar size and delete dining room
First off, I hate pushy salesmen.   They do make a commission based on purchases.   From day 1 stepping through the door Mcdowell's T-Mobile, Eric has been extremely helpful, patient, and honest regarding services and products.
What can I say at least have better   service  I did spend 2k .... To bad Karen wasn't there she help us the week prior to buying the purse she's really nice .... The last who help was a bit boring and awkward didn't  really talk to us
Rented a road bike for 3 days during my convention. Great staff, great service, they took very good care of me.  Makes renting a bike a pleasure, and the bike shop is great too.  Thanks Guys, come ride in Eagle, Co.  Steve
The challah roll was stale today ( a Sunday) and the decaf coffee was very weak.  Disappointing Melvin and Elmo Einstein!
This place is to expensive and the food was just mediocre. Wasn't impressed I should have saved my gas and $$ that I spent just to go out there on something better .
It's ok. Pretending to be the real St-viateur. but the bagels aren't as good. I'd give it a 2.5 if they would let me.
Big portions of German beer hall type foods - wursts, snitzels, and lots and lots of beer.\n\nBuy a shot and get a free paddling!\n\nLoud community type dining hall.  Good place to have fun if you get drunk.
Wow! Best Indian food by far! Everything tastes good and fresh! From the main courses to the soups! Its a bit heavy but you MUST order a naan bread when you are there! It complements the meal very well!
I was disappointed. Dry cake. No place to sit so we sat outside while it was starting to rain. I was expecting better.
Food is good and the service is great, our server was Sarah amazing service looking forward to our next visit
The restaurant is pretty, and the staff was very friendly; but when it comes to the food, it was not very good, it wasn't disgusting but it wasn't good. I had a tostada of fish ceviche, nothing that will make me come back, I also had fish tacos and those were okay.
We have been going to Majerle's for years. The atmosphere, the food and the service are always good. The prices have always been reasonable.
Stopped in for a little gambling, Voodoo Steak, and Penn & Teller = great night! The casino area and property are gorgeous yet comfortable and fun. Good ventilation in the casino, did not walk out smelling like an ashtray, hurray! Friendly helpful staff.
Food is good, but since they slice and then make each sandwich to order, be ready to wait.  If you're on a short lunch...go elsewhere\n\nWife ordered a steak sandwich with peppers, onions and mushrooms.  The combination made the sandwich like a bowl of soup.
I rent here often.  The staff is always so nice.  JOE has helped me the last few times and has been awesome.\n\nTHANK YOU DOLLAR
They picked up my documents, and got them to the mortgage company before the promised delivery time. I would use them again. Website is easy to use as well.
Closed.  It's a tiny little gambling room now.
I went back a few days later with a colleague to grab a quick lunch before heading to the airport.  The experience held up.  Burgers were very good, and the service was good too.  This one is certainly worth a stop, if you find yourself in the Mandalay.
Really wanted to like it. Tried it twice. Not good. Don't bother. Great location is the only good I can say.
I have been to this place in the past before they remodeled.  I enjoyed it.  I like the fact they brew their own beer on site.  You can tour the facility when there is time.  They are introducing new menu items and I was able to preview the new items.  I really enjoyed them. I will definitely have to go back.
Wah, I'm sad, my mongolian beef was like 75% onion 25% beef.  And it still cost $8!  I hope this was a fluke guys, cuz I love you!
Where time stands still!   Worse restaurant experience of my life.  Would like to tell you how good the food was but it never came after waiting over half an hour.  There was only four tables in use so don't blame the crowds.  I feel sorry for the locals who rely on Dom's dead zone.
So unprofessional. Lady that I've never seen there before was talking about her personal business like she was at home. She was venting about something to the others. Her face was ticked off. Keep your personal issues at home and serve your customers!
Yummmmmmm.
Eh..nothing to write home about at this place.  Everything seemed to take a long time. Not sure if it was the servers fault or the kitchen. The servers were very friendly and chatty about the food. The food was mediocre at best.   Coffee was barely warm. Don't know if I'd come back.
What a pleasant surprise!! The fried oysters are the best ever and so is the Diane! I had it with the crawfish and shrimp. Even the garden salad was good to be pretty simple! Definitely a great value! My family and I will be returning:)
If you don't like these tacos, you're smoking crack. My family from San Diego who are taco snobs had their jaws dropped by the freshness of this food. The only downside to this place is it's location. Kinda shady area but not too bad.
This place is great! I had the chili burger, sweet potato fries and the blue berry pancake milk shake! Holy cow that shake was to die for!
BRAVO! Amazing store with clothing you won't see anywhere else! Just purchased chic dress, skinny jeans & a great top that goes with just about anything! It's great to have store that isn't catering to 18 year olds!
Five Star Food!!! -hidden under Esplanade Theater the chips & salsa will blow your mind and are a fabulous way to prepare you for what's about to hit your pallet when your order arrives!!! -ITS A MUST DO!
the food is so-so.  The sushi left an unbelievably bad taste in my mouth, the pasta was heavy and oily, presentation was relatively unappealing, the shrimp/crab bar was pretty good.  The service (drink) was good.
I love going here, the food and atmosphere is great. No wonder Drive ins diners and Dives found it
Everything was great!!!  Super friendly mom & daughter operation....
Place is on the downhill and badly needs a makeover and a new owner, the clown running it now is rude and creepy. Never thought there would be a place on Mill worse then Cherry but this place has acheived that. Go elsewehere for better drinks and a better time.
Just came in for lunch today, and had a great time. Wonderful, friendly service, and the hummus was yummy to boot. Had a lovely conversation with the bartender, Serena, and can't wait to come back again.
HORRIBLE DUMP! Dirty rooms, broken bath tubs, and I WAS ROBBED!!! Somehow somebody was able to get into my room and stole ALL my belongings! STAY AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!
Horrible food! Horrible service. Nothing more to say...DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!
WinCo is okay.  I was excited when I found out one was being built because I remember it having great prices.  For whatever reason, though, I still prefer other stores.  Between the dim lighting and being rammed into by numerous old ladies' carts, I'm just not that into it.
I absolutely love this place. I think they have the best soondobu ever. Their hours are tricky thought, closed on Saturdays.
This OPEN place has everything you need for a family such as a wide clutter of shopping places, night bars especially Cattle Ranch, restaraunts like Claim Jumper ( The portion of foods, WOW!!!), childrens park.
Apple pie, even cold, is wonderful. Nice taste of cinnamon, and a flaky sugar crust. Apples have own sweetness and each bite  is a celebration of \nflavor.
Never been to the sky harbor location . The ones in CA are real good tho!
Love this place! I was a first time Crossfitter and was a little intimidated but everyone, members and staff were so welcoming. Coaches are friendly and very detailed orientated especially when it comes to perfect form for all of the movements. I have been going here for two months now and am already seeing results.
Great Wisco bar.  Tons of Wisco beers on tap of all flavors; excellent food (try the three cheese spread platter of one of the awesome lazy susans with cheeses, meats and relishes/pickles); and freindly and good servers/bartenders.
Had the turkey sliders appetizer which were decent but the chopped salad and pan seared scallops were phenomenal! Service and ambiance--excellent. Pricing is average considering the location
Excellent BBQ pork lunch!  Wow!  Found this place by accident. We were heading to Jimmy Johns which is closed. Decided to try here. Checked yelp. Read 3.5 stars average which isn't enough. This is wonderful !!  Fun atmosphere. Nice people. Quick polite service. Delicious food
Overall the service and vegan food is good but not my favorite. The atmosphere is loud and the chairs are not that comfortable.
Only stopped in for drinks at the bar but can't get their Blood Orange Margarita out of my mind....sooo good! Will definitely be back to dine!
Came to check out place after seeing reviews,  owner claims to have best burger in town,  order several burgers in different variation, unfortinatly have to get them as take out order and by the time I was able to tray them they was cold but remain testy, really need to comeback and retry them
If there was a Minus one star that's what I would rate it at.\nSomeone summed it up in one sentence, A poor's man TGI's.\nYou will regret it unless you didn't eat for a week right before going there.
Not a good place for studying or chilling out and having conversation.  Wi-fi is unreliable.  Next door neighbor plays heavy metal music so loud that you can't have a conversation or even hear the music that is playing in the coffee shop.
The flavor of the food was amazing. I thought it was way better than pei wei. They put more vegetables in their dish and I feel like I get more for my money. The people working there are so friendly. I will come here again for sure. Thanks for great service!
Ordered the Honey Peach Smash from Stacie...its great and the bartender made it exactly as the picture shows
I agree with the below review.  Good for pre-game drinks before going out and truley partying.  The bartenders dance on the bar every so often, so if you see a hot server, get in there, order a drink, and pay attention!
Perfection every time! I love the ahi tuna tacos, and the short ribs are incredible too! Top 5 in town for me!
Terrible.  Sticky interior.  Incorrect order.  Orange chicken that tasted like they used a ketchup glaze.  Kung pao chicken was all the right ingredients just no flavor or spice.  I didn't finish my egg roll.  Crab puffs were the best part of the meal.  Will not go back.
Will definitely come back!! Scallops were amazing, beet salad was tasty, oysters were delish! The ambiance was lovely.  And lastly, the service was wonderful!
I used to really like it here, but now everytime I go I end up dissapointed. Its really not that good and so overpriced. I do love the decor and the family dinning they support it allows you to really spend time with the people you came with.
Best ramen I've ever had! Fresh ramen noodles are SO GOOD! This place is really delicious. It's become really popular so there will often be a wait but it usually doesn't take long because the food comes out really fast. I especially love the tonkotsu broth.
Great salad, fast service and respectable pizza.  The bar setting makes this a welcoming hangout.
Update: They asked for my number to contact me about my experience.  No call after a week.
The Burgers taste like in and out burgers and tehy are just as good. Great service and great attutude from everyone. Cheap to eat here with a good portion of what ever you order.
Pita was thin and hard. Service was slow and sat with an empty drink while eating and didn't get a refill until after I was already done. Came to downtown location after an excellent meal at the Tempe location. Not impressed and I don't think ill return to this location again.
Very poor service. Complete disregard for customer. I wish we had never bought anything from sculleries of stockbridge and would absolutely not recommend them.
Great show. Half the cost of other shows and as most reviews have already said. \nDo it!!!!! Not a bad seat in the house is also true. Perfect view as rows are low enough\nthat your not looking at the back of someone's head.
Everyone raves about this place, so I tied it. It was just ok. I've had better and worse. I had an Italian sub with chips and a drink. Nothing about the place or sandwich compels me for a return visit.
gigantic portions.....  I mean ridiculously gigantic.  Delicious and filling.
Food was exceptional, however, the kitchen was extremely slow. The staff was great and gave us free deserts to compensate. Once we got our main dishes they were not hot enough. The bread and appetizers were amazing.
Everything is very plain.  Raising canes is better.
Jolene, our waitress, was phenomenal!  Food was great, appetizers superb, but AZ.'s loss to OSU put a damper on the evening.  I'd recommend Four Points for \nbeer, certainly, as well as for food.
It's amazing to me how good the customer service is here! When I call with a question Christina is very friendly and able help. Then when you get to either studio the staff is there to do whatever they can to ensure you have what you need and you have a good time. Thanks for always making this a great experience!
The best steaks, prime rib, scallops and sea bass.  This place was worth the money and wasn't terribly expensive.  I'd be back again, for sure.  The best meal in vegas I've ever had, seriously, get here!
A little more pretentious than I expected from reading other reviews.  Good luck finding parking.  And if you want a table, get a reservation.
Get here before noon. Place fills up quickly. But awesome food great staff.
interesting.  99% all about dancing.
Laurae Goddard has done my hair for several years.  She has a great eye for color  and style. I get many complements from friends when I have my hair done. She also can cut your hair so it fits your face and style. I highly recommend this stylist and will continue to have her do my hair.
Awesome place. Great hotdogs and burgers. The loganberry shake is really good. They can get really busy but the lines usually moves pretty quickly.
LOVE happy hour.  LOVE the cleanliness of the place.  LOVE the friendly servers.  LOVE the Bloody Mary bar on Sunday mornings.  LOVE.  LOVE.  LOVE.  And don't get me started on the Chambord margaritas.  Drink one.  You're welcome.
We had the Hell's Kitchen burger, the jalape\u00f1o poppers, and the American burger. They were all amazing, and the menu was reasonably priced. The service was, overall, average, but the beer menu made up for the underwhelming service. Highly recommended.
Eat upstairs at Giada!!!!! Reservations must be made months in advance, but well worth it!!!!! Great view, delicious appetizers, drinks, entr\u00e9es and dessert!!! Even their coffee was superb. Not too pricey either.
This place is good. We ordered fried chicken,meat balls,beef with egg roll and rice,spicy dumplings and too much for 2person! Especially the fried chicken,better than pork. We will try some other things next time.
An odd find and a little away from everything... gorgeous food and menu....in love with this place. Melanie was wonderful...razor clam appetizer to die for...great service as well. Nice to see it being done right.
Best music during our weekend stay for a Flirty Thirty we celebrated in September. I would definitely come back. The location was a little bit smaller than I remember, but probably because I was a lot more sober. The waterfall and outdoor dancing was a nice touch. One of my top three club choices while in Vegas.
Don't be fooled. Charlotte doesn't seem to have much to compare. I'm a tough critic because I'm from the west coast. Not that great.
Ursa did a fabulous job fixing a horrible hair cut that I got at another salon in the area.  She was friendly and kind, and was able to turn my vague instructions into a flattering hair cut in record time.  I will definitely return.
Total ghetto. I personally was robbed or locked property stolen 3 times, my 9 year old threatened at knife point and almost shot with bb guns. Looks like its becoming a tweaker paradise there, I had to get out for safety of my family. Think I called 911 or police at least 10 times living there.
Great sandwiches and great service.  But what's with the no restroom policy?  Isn't it a requirement that a restaurant have a public restroom?  The hand sanitizer thing hanging by the register isn't cutting it folks.
Pizza is really good and the 1/2 pound burger with fried jalepeno slices is really, really good.  Huge beer selection, including their own brew.  It's a nice place inside and our server was one of the best we've had in a long time.
We recently used Pump It Up for a birthday party.  Great place for a children's birthday party. Well organized enthusiastic attentive staff.  The staff took the time to remember the children's names and did a great job making my daughter feel special. \nI recommend this to anyone looking for a great birthday party for children 4 and up.
If I don't tell how would you know about one of the greatest foot message I have ever received while getting a pedi. So great!
This place...such a perfect little neighborhood spot! The menu is simple yet everything is amazing! The hand spun shakes are so like something you remember from your childhood and the fries are just yummmmmmm! The burgers are hot fresh and made to order! The atmosphere is adorable and the staff is super friendly!
This place was delicious! Great service wonderful food! I had a burger and it was great. Had Apple crisp cobbler and omg I loved it! Highly recommend!
Simply delicious!  Very friendly people making and serving great dishes.  Many larger restaurants with so-called vegetarian/vegan menu sections could learn a lot from this place.
Truly fantastic. Each flavor was delicious, even the flavors I don't typically enjoy. The peanut butter in particular was like cold silk, rich in flavor. A perfect way to break the heat.
Rib cap steak medium well was the best dinner of my life. Meat was tender, juicy, flavorful, perfect in every way imaginable. We had dinner at New York New York Gallagher steak house and all I could say that I will never go back to that place. Bad food bad meat ok service
Phenomenal food at phenomenal prices. Their salads were large and cheap, fried cheese curds were fantastic as was their beer cheese soup. The sandwiches my friends got were also great.\n\nDon't leave Madison without going to the Old Fashioned!
It's pretty pricey for things you'd think would be pretty cheap. I went there looking for birthday presents for a friend, and they didn't have what I needed, and the cashier got kinda pushy about me buying something else... I just wanted to leave. Was uncomfortable. I won't be back.
I just purchased a new bike from this store and was very impressed. The staff took time to ask me questions about what I will do with my bike. They put me on a couple of bikes to try them out and adjusted my bike to fit me perfectly. They have the best selection of any store I have been to.
I've never had to wait or pay to get in thanks to the bouncers. However, the place gets insanely packed. The dance floor gets crowded and people spill their drinks all over the place, including onto your dress.
The espresso was not good and it was even worse that the mocha did not mask the flavor. I ordered both a shot of espresso and separately a mocha and tried them both. Both were bad. Both I just decided to toss and try a different coffee place.
Nice big club which, the night I went, meant a very short line to get in, even at midnight. It's not Pure, but it's a lot of fun and you don't feel like cattle. Drinks are decently priced and strong too! I would definitely come back here.
Kareoki is a shit show here if you want to people watch, other then that not much appeal.  Cheapish drinks that are not to stiff, and most of the bartenders are kind of pricks except for one lady.  If you want to watch the shit show, and drink its not the worst.
Love this place, great happy hour, good price on food and drinks. Good to start or finish a night out on mill here. good staff and decor.
We had amazing lunch here during our latest stay. Had the tuna for appetizer and it was really special. We got to cook it on a heated rock and we had fun doing it. We alsk hot filet mignon, hot wings, and filet mignon. Everything was great. Service was fantastic!
We were looking for a cleaning company with a good reputation and fair pricing.  Noble Cleaners is who we found and recommend.  Gene and his crew showed up exactly on time ready to work.  They cleaned every piece of carpet and went the extra way to steam clean my tile and entry. Hands down the best professional cleaning service I have experienced.  Great Job!
Food was unreal.  Was in town on a business trip and this was a home run for a quick lunch.  I usually dip my fry's in ranch, and this was the best ranch I have ever had. Beef was pure and cooked perfectly.
Stay away! The food from the buffet is not worth ten dollars...I wouldn't eat it if it was free.As I write this I have a stomach ache after one medium size plate of food.
Giving this a 3 for the moment. We had king po chicken and also the dry spicy chicken with two portions of rice. Should probably have gone for the fish in the pot so will review this next time. Service was good, really nice waitress. I would say it was a bit on the pricey side
Updating my review of Airline Shuttle....I got a call from their \"social media\" manage who apologized for their failed pickup.  She promised that I would be sent a claim form to get a refund. My already low expectations have been confirmed No claim form. No refund as far as I can see!
Thought they were the most flavorless and driest cupcakes I have ever tried. The frosting was the only decent part. Based on other reviews maybe I had a bad batch, but they should check them. Either way I will never go there again.
Drove by the store on my way home from an appointment.  Very nice inside with lots to look at.  Found a great deal on a Posture pump that retails for $150. Got it for $60!!!
Love the sandwich here. BBQ pork so good. I can eat here everyday in the morning to start my day at work. The lines are a little long but meaning they have have good sandwich here. Better than Ba Le and good for lunch too when I don't have time to sit there and enjoy my sandwich.
Perfect little cafe! The service is personal and lovely. Very small venue and don't be in a rush for the handcrafted food. Hubby had the waffle crusto and I had the grilled cheese with bacon and tomato on sourdough. 10:30 on a Saturday morning a little busy.
Our waiter was really nice, helpful, and the  oysters were good. Happy hour for oysters is a good deal!
Unsure.\nCame here for dog shows.\nIt's okay...
I wish I could give Cox 0 stars. \n\nHorrendous, hair-pulling experience.
OK place to drink and hang out, but once the live band starts to play, you can barely talk to your friends. they have very limited bar food, so don't come in with an empty stomach. overall nothing special to travel off the strip for...
Have had take out from this place several times. It's my number two favorite Chinese restaurant. Kung Bo and Mongolian beef were so good. hope it makes it as it seems not to be discovered yet in a strip mall.
Worst food ever! I eat mexican all the time and this was the most disappointing meal. 5 of us all had the most basic plain food.  \n\nThe margarita had barely any liquor in it. The steak was so bland.  A complete waste of $!
Really good deep fried fish that is breaded on the spot. Tastes fresh. Potato salad is very good.
Everything here tastes like it came right off a Sysco truck which I'm sure it did. It's not the worst food I ever had, but it definitely not any kind of good.
Star-who??  ;)\n\nI love Elevate!  They have terrific coffee, knowledgeable and friendly baristas, an awesome atmosphere and yummy food.  What's not to love?!  \n\nA+!
Had a corn dog and onion rings. The batter on both were excellent. The onion rings were a little undercooked. I would have liked them a little crispier. Prices were reasonable. I'll go back again. Love the jukebox music!
I am not a coffee drinker, but love the prickly pear iced tea!!!  I really hope they keep it year round!   Service has always been great and the owners are very friendly and engaging.  Love that they promote local artists!  Definitely an asset to Maricopa!!
If it sounds good, get it. My friends and I have never been disappointed.
Popular for a reason. The drinks are good and it really puts you in the mood in Vegas.
Just a cheap quick snack on the strip, nothing special about it at all. Not a good hot dog by any means. I'm a huge hot dog fan, and this spot is all name.
Decent food at really good prices. This place is good for an office lunch run. It's nothing fancy but it hits the spot. The salads and sides are pretty good too. The bread always tastes fresh and the sandwich fillings are hearty and satisfying.
Clean and bright, excellent salsa, young, polite, + happy girls working there.  Far better than the Filibertos on Main near power.  Great Asada Burrito and no hassle on drink refills.
It's a ride from the east valley but worth every mile. They assessed all the tires and found all the issues.
they have gas and beer always on sale........not a bad set up.... free limes with your $7.99 12 pack of tecate as well.
I don't really see the appeal of this place, especially when Chipotle is a block away.\n\nPortions are small, flavors are lacking, and prices are like 35% higher than Chipotle.\n\nNo corn salsa is a deal-breaker.
lied about wait time , billing department is nightmare.  calling to collect when it was already paid. \n\ndon't go there!
Charred octopus salad, Duck Confit....  all good what can say.....  except for the killer bacon bread.  A must to go to.
Great atmosphere for hanging out, but probably not the best spot for a romantic dinner.  I really Love the Bloody Marys. I crave them all the time. The antipasti options are awesome. I'm really looking to going back the next time I'm in Scottsdale
Excellent choice if you want great tasting Pho and a large portion even with the regular size. Lots of noddles, steak and meatballs yum!
Cocktails sind Klasse. Allerdings sind die Toiletten zu sp\u00e4ter Stunde unter aller Sau.
Always reliably good.  Great beer selection as well as fabulous \"bitch fizz\" (ciders, etc.) and cocktails.  Their pizza is outstanding AND they have a healthy menu.  I generally steer clear of chains but this is an exception.
Tried 3 diff dishes..all were below avg at best.  Too expensive for bland food.
Tired. Staff and food.
Unless there is a sale I don't shop here. High prices and too few checkout lanes open makes Fry's across the street a better experience and at cheaper cost.
Used to be a cheesy place but now it's classy and centrally located. It's rather affordable too!
I've been here a few times for lunch uptown. Its nothing amazing but its extremely convenient since its located in the Wells Fargo building. If you're looking for quick and simple lunch, this is the place to come. You can avoid lines and its very quite with a view out the window towards the street.
Eff this place!!!!!!!!!  Terrible service and when they give excuses, it only offers to the enduros ting experience. Don't waste your time!!!!!!!
The store is VERY clean and employees are always willing to help you out or shoot the ** with you while you're browsing. Returns have never been an issue. We go out of our way to continue going to this store even though its not the closest.
Have been going to this restaurant for nearly 17 years and the food was great but was very disappointed in the service. Usually they have two and three people on it but the one young lady server from Mesa was very poor on the delivery. Too bad for a great place.
Loved the ambience and the staff.  The food was alright.  I grew up on southern cooking so I'm tough to please.  The one thing I will tell you is that their braised cabbage is THE BEST I've ever had.  Get three orders of it and make it your meal.
Tasty independent veggie friendly lunch spot close to downtown.  Very impressive list of wraps.  Fresh soup prepared daily.  The only ticks against it are that parking can be a problem and it takes a long time for them to prepare the food around the lunch hour. My tip - call your order in and pick it up.
The frozen cosmos and mimosas are great, especially on special during happy hour. They also have a great list of beers and other cocktails. \nThe menu is a little creative but has mostly basic bar food. If salad is your thing you must get the one with beets and goat cheese.
Weak service!!! Had a reservation at 6.  Host told us we'd be next.  Been standing here for an hour!!! Bartenders won't look our way waitress getting rude because they're so many people waiting.  Not worth it at all.  We'll see how good this food is.
Delicious (yet pricey) salad. Great selection of Whiskey. Wasn't too busy during lunch hour on a Thursday, not sure if road construction had anything to do with that or not. I will be checking this place out after work hours some day.
I took my family here for dinner on a Sunday evening to give it a try.  The level of service was all right, but we did not enjoy the food.  Everything seemed really bland.
I went to a wedding here.  It was a beautiful location both the outdoor ceremony and the indoor portion.  I thought that the servers made this a five star experience!
Crab puffs are good and sweet. The Garlic Shrimp was tasty and not salty. The General's Chicken was interesting. I think it could have  been prepared on the sweeter side. The Honey Chicken was a bit salty.\n\nStaff is friendly and food was ready in a jiffy.
CLOSED\n\nBut probably for good reason, the place was not well kept. I distinctly remember the carpet stains throughout. The burgers were pretty good. \n\nI recommend the closest alternate location at Tempe Marketplace, but service was not stellar on my last visit.
Their variety of fries are excellent appetizers and pair well with their unique cocktails. I didn't have a burger here, but many of the people I was with did and they looked amazing! HUGE portions!\n\nGreat ambience and a perfect spot to watch the games!
Outside of the patio, not much to attract me to this place.  It is way too pricey for food that isn't any different or any better than any other Mexican place.
Found dark long hair on bath room floor,  I am blonde. Stayed here . Part of World Wide Vacations,  paid 50 for 2 nights and had to set through a 120 minute sales pitch. Not worth it.  I would have rather paid 100 for 2 nights and stayed someplace else.
Great friendly service every time, I recommend the ancho citrus shrimp burrito and the blackened mahi mahi fish taco. Solid visit every time I decide to stop by.
Great pizza, our new go to pizza place. Always satisfies our craving.
Good BBQ but thought the prices we're too high for the portions. Also craft/import beers start of at $5 and up which is too expensive. Too many choices in Midwood with great value on food and drinks and don't see that at Midwood Smokehouse.
Nate, the bartender, is hilarious and some great entertainment. The food is delicious to boot!
Excellent!  Excellent!  Excellent!  And Blake is just DREAMY!!!  DREAM-BOAT!!!!
omfg no.\nI ordered Baklava and they NUKED it on a STYROFOAM dish for me.\nThe insides were still cold and it tasted like cancer :/
Great staff, great donuts and reasonable prices.  They always have ample supplies and never run out of the best stuff!
Good place for the young crowd, you get a nice laid-out casino floor with great places for food and drinks within 2 minutes walking distance.\n\nTheir rooms are ehhhhhh... not too clean and can be compared to a motel. Sad to say but true.
Aspires to mediocrity
Go to oyster bar, see if the 2 hours wait is worth it!
Fabulous each time we have been there! Wish it was closer :)
Closed!!! Going back to Indian School\nlocation.
The food was delicious but the service was horrible there were three of us and everyone food came at a different time
American style breakfast!
I was disappointed with my room the last time I stayed here. It wasn't cleaned properly. I only stay here when I'm on a budget crunch. The restaurants at this hotel aren't good and are very pricey.
Dr. Wachs is held back by a terrible staff...front desk person is very unfriendly and acts annoyed when you call or show up.  The office is very unprofessional, messy and unorganized.  I like her as a Doctor, but am ready to find someone else.
Eat here once a trip and it has never changed. This time was different as they has a ton of king crab legs they were loading on plates. This Buffett has everything from sushi to steak tartar . I always get a line pass and would never wait in line for hours as most do .
Sushi Kaya is one of my favorite all you can eat sushi places in town.  Everything is made to order.  The sushi is fresh and taste great.  The place is very clean un like some other sushi places I've been to.  The only thing I dislike is parking is a bit hard to find on a busy night.
Food was fantastic. I'm from Brooklyn and this is the best pizza I've had since my last visit back home. The service however is a completely different story. I had to ask for a refill after waiting 15 minutes of sucking on ice. It's a shame that the service wasn't as good as the food!
Extremely well run ! Great breakfast , clean rooms and a respectable work out room . Only downfall is they can be a wee but friendlier at the front desk .
Service could not have been worse. Totally rude waitress, ridiculously long wait for food and our bill. \n\nThe food was not bad though, and the location inside the hotel and atmosphere were cool, so a few stars for that!
One of the best of Old Town Scottsdale. Great service. Amazing drinks. Hubby loves the famous chopped salad. The burrata and bacon fat popcorn literally changed my life. The chicken is so juicy yet crispy on the outside. I have never been disappointed! Can be a long wait so take that into consideration.
We absouletely love WBTV On Your Side Website! WBTV is also our top pick for news & weather!
1st time here... won't be our last, really good! The fried chicken is way better than any other place I've had on this side of town. Staff was very friendly.
I have arrived in the location after a long day of doing Search and rescue in Breezy Point.  I was greeted horribly by the guy who work there.  \n\nLack of communication to the management\nDoes not know how to talk to people
Tasty, reasonable breakfast. Homemade hollandaise on the bennies (yum!). Mediocre service, but overall, a good breakfast option in an area of town where there aren't many.
Wow. No reservations even if you have a party of 12.  Love their sushi but crappy service and waitress will only scare more people away. Maybe I should get very thing to go and skip the eating experience?  Or try another place. Piss poor service.
Gorgeous resort. Friendly and helpful staff. Beautiful golf courses. Great food. And the Golden Door Spa is world class. I can't recommend it enough.
Totally avoid this place. Spend a few more $$s and go to the one at Bellagio but do so after 12noon as the Japenese and Italian stations do not open until then. The food at Flavor lacked flavor completely. It must take some effort to make simple dishes taste so bad!
We love Latitude 8. David is always so welcoming and accommodating. The food is excellent and the atmosphere is a mix of \"urban hipster\" and \"welcome to the family\".
Best ice cream in town! Kids love the cotton candy ice cream in a cup, wife loves the coffee ice cream with brownies in a waffle cone, and I could eat the cake batter ice cream by the gallon.\n\nNo let down, no disappointments, and they were not out of anything.
Came here a couple of times, I came here last week and I have to say that it was way too crowded and the drinks mixed sucked. The bartender was very rude. I asked for a coke with my drink and she literally gave us maybe 3 table spoons of it.
This place rocks! Delicious food for a great price and a nice atmosphere. Good for date night or a stop while you're bar hoping. Two thumbs up.
Great selection of beer and very friendly to cyclists!  The food here is good as well !  Parking is a little tight but overall a great experience!
I had a better experience at BUffalo and that wasnt exactually all that wonderful.
\"Meh. I've experienced better.\"\n\nwhere, you ask?\n\ntwo words: Urban. Cookies.\n\n*drops mic*
They were good when they were gas carts. Now it is slow, the staff is rude and the management is ruder! Save your money and go bowling or something. You'll end up with more adrenaline than racing around in electric karts!
Cool atmosphere with a great view!  Love the decor and the open air feel... reminds me of Seattle's Pike Place Market.  My favorite is the Chicken Pot Pie Bites and the Wrapped Dates... to die for!  Went yesterday and enjoyed special pricing for sangria and mimosas.  Love this place!
Wonderful place.  Outstanding items made with imagination and skill.   OWNERS WERE BEYOND FRIENDLY. Black Licorice was amazing and I hate licorice.  Visit this place and you won't be disappointed.
Horr-i-ble. Don't waste your time thank me later. Hit up Rio or Paris or flamingo. The best thing at this buffet was the corn on the cob. I created a yelp account just now so I can warn people like you my friend!!
My son took (2) Brand NEW never worn dress shirts to them. They somehow got ink on both of them and ruined them. He paid $60 for each shirt. The owner of the cleaners gave him $45 and said that's all he could/would pay. Beware!!
We came here on our first day in Vegas. We were hungry and this was the nearest restaurant to our hotel that caught our eye.  Their steak is really good! The atmosphere inside is really nice, the decor is so classy.
Not a huge fan of this place. And Huge is what you get for portions. But each time that I gave this place a shot, no one in our party has been happy with the food. It really is flavorless. I have no plans to ever go back.
Great for breakfast. Quick, nice portion size, good quality. Home fries made to order, good wheat toast not made with crappy bread. Very clean too. Not crazy about styrofoam plates & cups.
my family and I have been going to this place for a long time. off and one about 2 years. probably some of the best hidden Thai food in the valley. I wish they could deliver. deff. must -- Pad Thai, fresh spring rolls with peanut sauce are my 2 favs.
Had the Buffalo BLT sandwich. The sandwich came without the blue cheese mentioned on the menu and I wasn't given any silverware before my sandwich came out. (I sat at the bar). For $17 per sandwich I expect ALOT more than what I was given. Save your money.
Look for Charlie. This guy really knows his stuff! He was able to diagnose the problem with our car quickly and fix it. Excellent customer service. I highly recommend using them. Charlie is like a car detective!
Terrible food.  It was so bad we made our plates and picked at the food then left and went to another restaurant.
Fun! I like all the pretzel options & lemonade choices. Good little stop before the movies so you can fill the void & not drain your wallet at the concession stand.
Awesome bruschetta. It's a meal unless you choose to split it with a few table. Very good salads. Very good wine selection. I did the half and half: half sandwich and small salad. I highly recommend it for a nice get together with friends, family, or date night.
Highly recommended!  These guys have drive-thru service and also do fluff & fold.  Great service, great pricing, and great quality!
I love their Reuben I get it all the time. Reasonable prices and they usually make a big sandwich w lots of meat on it. I got their cobb salad once and it was ok. The service is ok. I usually just get it to go. They are closed in Sunday's wish they were open because sometimes I work on the weekends.
great food! friendly staff!! pumpkin curry is freaking delicious!!!
The food is just okay.  I think having servers, a hostess, and a bar is an excuse to charge more.  YC's is a simpler set-up, it's cheaper, and you get more food.  Enough said.
Great food and great service!  Their mexican corn on the cob is off the hook!
food is massive but size does not overcome quality even for us big people :-)
Great must stay at hotel.  Yes it is a block off of Fremont and well worth the walk.  Friendly slots, and even friendlier bar tenders.  This is Downtown the way it is supposed to be.  Make sure you eat at Pizza Rock while you are there
CATHY IS AMAZING......She's friendly, quiet at the right times, and a bit goofy like me. She makes every appointment comfortable and easy. My sister now goes to her.
Best BBQ place in AZ. Five different sauces all on the table, yummy chips to try them all, awesome fries, mashed potatoes, and pork bbq sandwiches. Great service, always coupons or specials, sign up for the email list and you get coupons. Reasonably priced.
Amazing! Love the menu, drinks, and service! Everything I have eaten here has been amazing everyone is super nice and you can come dressed casual! Not to mention the music is great!
Everything is good. And hands down best salsa bar imaginable. Best, best, best! Small and always crowed though, which I blame mostly on the awesomeness salsa bar.... Did I mention how great the salsa bar here is?
So sad this place didn't last. Now I have to travel to the one on paradise and Sahara. The vagrants that hung around probably scared away everyone.  This shopping center is notorious for that!
This place is awesome.  Went there for an oil change and while doing they so found a cracked vacuum hose that was throwing a CEL.  Definitely will be recommending this place to others!
I just like the cute desserts.\n\nIt's around $25 per person.
It's fun and good food. A small four slice pizza is around $12.  Nice staff though. I like it... I will be back.
New instructor Meg is also amazing!! This place keeps getting better and better!
This place is awesome.  The service was amazing, the food was brilliant, and the drinks... oh dear lord, the beverages were sooo good!  I tend to be more of an Anthony Bourdain type of guy, but Emeril surely represented a new side the day I visited his restaurant.
Yummy!! Ordered the asparagus from the grill, BBQ rice, spicy avocado roll and spicy prawn roll. Everything was fabulous. Unagi roll was ok. Wonderful atmosphere and great service.
my go to spot for cheaper 'tea station' taste. that along is enough for 4 stars in my book.
Barros is my favorite pizza place, second only to Ray's. Their generous portion are more than enough to fill you up, and the wings are absolutely incredible. 10/10 would eat again!
Where to begin hmmm...great food, reasonable prices, very clean dinning area, super friendly staff.  Also, they have whole grain tortillas and veggie meal options (the veggie burrito is to die for), and a selection of beers and other spirits, and very delicious mango tea.
Went to see a friends band on a Saturday......Music was good, bartenders were good, pretty divey bar all in all. Super dark parking lot and shady customers hanging out side. Im a big guy so the people didn't bother me, but it would be questionable for single ladies to go.
I enjoy the shrimp protein bowl with the forbidden rice, they have THE best sangria that I have ever had-- the red is delicious but I'm a sucker for the white sangria. Amazing atmosphere, a great place to catch your zen.
Quite good Italian cuisine. We sampled the lobster ravioli and the seafood diavolo and both were tasty. Service was likewise and I'd return again if in the area.
Their crappy fish gave my wife food poisoning and their harem of ASU whores made me want to vomit myself. (Not to mention the blue dye they have in their fake pond outside. What the hell is that about?)\n\nI will never go to this horrid place again.
The seats are comfortable and the staff is friendly. I noticed they offered a kid friendly night that accomidates those with young ones. The adult beverages are expensive and they could be a bit cleaner.....otherwise a great time!
A mixed experience for our group. Some said their food was very good. My prawns were soggy and the rice was very salty. Drink service was very slow. Conversation was difficult, because of the noise.  Way overpriced even by overpriced LV standards.
It's more like an indoor outlet mall but in the desert.
This place makes me homesick for San Francisco. It's everything an Asian grocery should be - crammed full of a dizzying variety of dry goods, fruits, vegetables, meats, snacks, and ingredients from every imaginable Asian country.
This place shut down because it took 90 minutes to get an appetizer even when it was empty.
Paid way to much for chicken with No Pasta. Giuseppe's  30yards away just as good if not better and they have a $10 menu
Meh. \n\nOn my 2 separate trips here, I've seen roaches in this place on BOTH occasions. Need I say more?
Cool place but slow. My sandwich was nothing out of the ordinary.
Not that special at all.  Waitress lagged quite a bit, food was okay, overall actually a fairly poor experience.  If we're ever in the area again, my wife and I will probably look elsewhere for lunch.
Very pricey! Is it worth the hype? NO!
We like this place. A tad on the pricey side. but portions are large. Staff is always friendly and the place isn't so loud that you can't hear the people you are with. Pleasant atmosphere, clean and cozy.
Great Brazilian food, awesome experience.\nThe owner is a funny man who made our dinner even better with his great sense of humor. The food was delicious, very home made, I had feijoada and my husband had xin-xin. Both were awesome.
I guess maybe I have been lucky I have had no problems here.
There is plenty of seating..and we were starving but the food took over an hour to come. Even though it was the middle of the day and the restaurant was otherwise empty.  However the food was delicious and fresh and hot. But not sure if I can sit through a wait like that again..brutal
This place sucks.  If it wasn't for a properly cooked protein (with horrible garnish), I would have given it one star.  The price point is ridiculous for the under quality of the food.  Given the amazing dining choices in Vegas, you are better off passing on this overpriced restaurant.
Just called to get an estimate on roof damage from the wind.  Receptionist asked if I was already a customer.  I said no.  She said they no longer accept new customers because they are so overbooked from the hail storm back in October.  Well sucks for you cause I needed an entire new roof people!  Would steer clear of them.
Both the steak and salmon were terrific.  They were great about substituting the side dish so I could satisfy my pasta craving. The steak is new to their menu. We made use of their labor day special so one of the entrees was free. A very enjoyable meal. Recommended.
We have used this PetSmart Grooming several times for one of our smaller dogs with good results.  \n\nThe cutters and washers seems to move on after several months (we've had three so far), but the service is good, as is the grooming.
My cousin just had her wedding here. It was so much fun! Everyone had a good time. The environment is so natural and beautiful. I would recommend it for any event.
This was the highlight of my downtown trip! The owner is great. The espresso is excellent and the croque monsieur, superb. Good tunes, too. Drop in!
Good gyro and friendly service clean and fun atpmsphere, will be back
Average.  Been here numerous times over the years and the past couple of times have been so so.  Probably won't be back
J was a great server. However we have been here multiple times and the food is always subpar. The atmosphere is awesome, especially the patio area! But I have never ordered anything that wowed me. Even the salsa is mediocre. However apparently no one minds because there is always a massive way!!
If you are an adrenaline junkie, don't waste your $100... pretty boring. Spend an extra $75 bucks and go skydiving. Skyjump is boring.
Similar to the one I've been to in LA.  I like the service and the food.  Great fish!
Popped in for a few tacos today... The carne asada was lacking in flavor, no marinade, and pretty bland. The carnitas were very good and I'd eat a dozen at one sitting :)
Very enjoyable!  I was immediately greeted by the manager upon entering, the bartender was extremely nice and friendly!  That's rare nowadays!   I followed a reviewers suggestion and tried the wings and roast beef.   Wings were really good - roast beef was incredible!  Thank you for a pleasant dining experience, I will definitely be back!
I like how we sat down and we were already eating! Dim sum was tasty. Diggin the Xmas decor.
I ordered a mango iced tea with boba from here. They put mango flavored syrup inside the tea but didn't even mix it thoroughly so when I received my order there was still a ton of syrup at the bottom. The drink ended up being way too sweet and the boba is mediocre at best.
This is a great way to avoid the 100+ degree temps. The shops are high end but bargains can be had if you look around. The restaurants are of good quality with none any better or worse than the other.
I went with my parents who were staying in town and snagged 25% off their bill with their stay at the Palazzo.  Even with the 25% markdown, I still felt our dishes were overpriced and marginally average compared to other outlets at the Palazzo.
Thanks for ruining our day.  You shouldn't reserve a table for $200 and have to wait 50 minutes with 12 empty tables just sitting there.  The check in staff have to be the dumbest people in Las Vegas.  And the laziest.  Talk about bad service.  Great job Emeril.
Use to be my favorite taco shop in my area. Until I found a piece of latex glove in my taco. I haven't been able to return. Glad they wear gloves though.
Delicious, light and airy crepes. Two of us split a savory and a dessert crepe, and the portions were perfect. The shop reminds me of an old time soda shop. Outside seating is small and shady.
I've always had great luck with their kitchen and home goods section. My husband has found amazing pans and pots. We've gotten Yankee candles and great dog toys on the cheep. It's clean and the staff has always been helpful. Worth checking out!
Love this place! Good quality meats and Gnarly Service. Thanks!
We waited 1 hour to get seated and after we did the service was really bad, food was horrible! Not recommended at all!
Great place for beginner swimmers to learn. All ages from infant to beyond. Amazed how quick my daughter picked up on how to swim. Great place and very clean
Management needs to give these people some help. One waitress for half the room and one bartender for a full bar. Poor guy was sweating and losing customers because he couldn't handle it all.
Dude this place is awesome!!! The staff is incredible especially Scott, who has some amazing stories from his days touring with KISS and other bands. The prices are great!
The staff is exceptionally helpful and friendly here.  Your typical Madison downtown bar.  I used to think it was actually a church...but you cannot get your sins forgiven here.  I prefer the upstairs bar and lounging areas.  Great place to people watch.  Free popcorn.
This is a wonderful family-owned Italian restaurant, probably the best Italian food I've ever had. Definitely the best in Dane County! Get the pasta almatriciana, it's to die for.
Got a pauly.  Heard it was good. Not terrible. Papa Geo's gets the point tho
Let's just say I received a free, smoke filled, stained carpet, musty dusty dirty room here, and within the hour I arrived to Las Vegas and the hotel, I checked out.
Awesome place! Super clean and fun!
They delivered the party!  Had a blast partying at Tao! My Bouncer Chris was the Business! Kept moochers off my table and assisted in any way possible! Service was there and ROBERT CHITI my host is AMAZING! Thanks Tao!
Stuffy, snobby wait staff.  Food just so-so.  We will not return.  You would be better off eating Joes Crab Shack.
This place sucks  Poor service and awful employees. This place needs to shut down. Nobody is friendly, and everyone is stuck up. I recommend never going here. Also, they will accuse you of using a product so that you can not return it. Limited stock and way over the top pricing.
The hotel is simple. Reasonable clean. But was not outstanding. For the price I would recommend it. But if your going to Vegas, you'd want something more.\n\nIt was a 5 min walk to the stripe. Decent location. If your on a budget, I would recommend it, otherwise, go somewhere else.
Similar to El Torrito chain in Southern California, Cantina Laredo is fancied up Mexican food at a quality restaurant price. I had an appetizer, cannot recall the name but had three items, that was very good. A nice place to go for a sit down dinner date, for value I would go to Habanero's.
In an expensive chi-chi district but has that neighborhood family restaurant feel. The casual outdoor seating with misters makes for a pleasant evening. Great big margaritas. Good service and nobody rushes you  Food is midrange ok, somewhat Americanized & not very spicy but solid selection.
I don't care what people say, this place is the spot. They have some awesome pancakes! Mostly come here after a night out with friends. Although, it's been a while since I've been here, can't go wrong with this place. Drinks AND food at reasonable prices....
GREAT place to watch games!!! SO MANY TVS!! \n\nThe food is good as well, they are very accommodating and have a great selection of beers.
Alex Gregoire is an amazing chef. And I can now say a true Frenchman has made me French fries! He brought us almost everything on the menu and I can't remember the French names but it was a taste adventure.
Everything in Vegas is concept. So is this place. Still, Pizza is pretty good. Amazing? Not.
Nice museum.  You really get a feel how AW defined a lot of art, even if like many you don't always see what the fuss is about.  Quite an eclectic guy that AW.
Slow!  and not worth the wait
Excellent service. Thankyou Denise!\nFood was excellent...the two of us shared the C4 salad and a custom and pizza with a cappuccino and a latte.  Everything was very good and the portions big!
This is the best Mexican food I have eaten since living in Las Vegas and the corn-on-the-cob is to die for.
unimpressed....ordered a club sandwich, forgot the lettuce, soggy bacon, no avocado, slathered with mayo....havent been back, wont go back
Been to one outlet you've seen this one. Prices weren't all that great either, no discounts to be found.
The staff is friendly and accommodating and the laser treatments are fast and effective. The office is beautiful and clean. 5 stars!
Food was good service was horrible. Waitress didn't bring us most of our order and snapped at my mother when she asked for a glass if water after forgetting it 3 times. It's a shame that the service would stop us from coming back.
Good buffet and I don't do buffets. Plenty of variety, the prime rib was perfectly seasoned and the cook working the omelet bar knew what he was doing. In my opinion the only room for improvement would be the desserts, I didn't have anything that wow-ed me.
My experience here was incredible. Rob is so professional and super nice! We learned a lot about anodizing and quality jewelry.  My fiance got an awesome high quality blue septum retainer, while I opted for an equally awesome hot pink nose ring. We will absolutely be back for more.
Great food, moderately priced.  Also, conveniently located off the light rail in Tempe
The fact that the server wasn't friendly enough ticked me of. I rather eat at a Thai Restaurant anytime. I didn't try anything at all. My friend said it was good. He tried the soup or something.
grwat selection of goods! clothing,jewelry,sunglasses...things normally not available at Macys,but the store is run by some of the biggest jerks!maybe thats management in general. woukld hurt to crack a smile or be curteous for one second, would it?
Great food, huge menu, and incredibly cheap prices. Perfect college restaurant. Charbroiled pulled pork sandwich is the ish!
Great place to chill...  always quiet and can get lots of work done...
1. Quick place to grab a bite during lunch.\n2. decent service.\n3. decently clean place. \n\nJust OK
Been a patient of Dr Soumi for years they always pleasant never late . I recommend everyone I know to try them  they are awesome
I went on 28th of December 2014. Everything is Okay except the STEAK. It was not the good steak I expected. I love steak and been to many steakhouses but this place is clearly overpriced. I liked oysters though.
Disgusting Over priced pizza !! Smells gross, this place stinks up the whole hallway
Place is clean, people are nice and the food is ok... Clam chowder looked like jelly and potatoes were hard but no horrible. Biggest gripe was the service is slow 20 minutes to wait for soup seems long.
The food was amazing! There wasn't a dish that our table didn't love. However, they state the tacos are sharable, and they're not. They're about 10-15 a pop and they are bite sized. Our bill for a 5 people was over $900 (with drinks). Very pricy.
I had the Mighty Fine Bovine, really tasty.  Great beer selections (if you expect Budweiser stay home).  very diverse food and beer choices!
Barf** i just ate the equivalent of salt from a salt shaker. Stay away from there flounder!! Actually no just don't come here it's just puke.
Ambience is good. That's about it. Service is below average.  Food is subpar. Very small portion. Salad looks so tired and tastes tired. Meat is too rough to be chewable. Even fried calamari is unchewable.  Disappointing experience.
I love this museum and go there pretty regularly.  I try to visit every few months when they have a new exhibit going on and I have never been disappointed.  They have free tours so if you have trouble \"getting\" art then go when there is a free guided tour of the current exhibit.
chocolate cookie was good
This is actually just to let you know that Layalina has reopened a couple of blocks over, at 401 S. First St, the old Minneci's location. I did not go in, but I did see the \"Open\" sign today, Saturday Feb. 8 2014.
The actual store is not what you would expect from the website. The store is very disorganized and they do not have many items available. I only had the baked char siu bun and it was okay--the filling was very little.
Not the most amazing experience I've had in Las Vegas, but we went for lunch and only ordered the flatbreads. However, my friend ordered the scallops and said they were perfectly cooked, so this review is mainly about the service. The waitress tended to be unattentive
I always love going to Carly's. The food is delicious and everyone is friendly.  I am quickly greeted, acknowledged and served. Plus, the portions are perfect and reasonably priced.  I can't ask for more.
Enjoying a refreshing Strawberry Mojito, watching football before heading into the Phoenix Coyotes preseason opener against  the Kings. Couldn't be happier about a BWW in the Glendale entertainment district. Crowded and loud but that just enhances the excitement of Sunday football.
Had the kalua pig n cabbage. Not like home but it was close and tasted pretty good. I will definitely be coming back again.
A bit of a sticky pub, but it was a welcome respite to sit and have a rest after walking in the pouring rain. Nothing special, and it could use a good scrub down, but it suited purpose on the day.
Garlic chicken and Mac salad is delicious ... I didn't care so much for some of the employees one in particular ...and it is a little pricey.  My partner really liked this place and had no complaints. We will go back again someday
I called to see about making plans for  my sister  to get married in their drive-thru later this year.  The woman on the phone was as rude as it get's and would not directly answer my questions, she was like a robot and kept repeating herself.  What a jerk!
The rooms are nice but the outside noise is terrible. We're on the 55th floor and can hear the UPRR train whistle every 4hrs as it goes by. The pool is small. Would not stay here again due to the noise.
Love this place!  Some of the best BBQ in the valley!  The sides are phenomenal as well and different from most traditional BBQ places that only have beans and potato salad.  Will definitely be enjoying this place in the future!
Tacos Tuesdays has $1.50 fish tacos.  It is that simple.  They are fried and have some sauce that probably isn't that good for you, non-organic corn tortillas, but, I love it anyway.
Food atmosphere great; however waiters picked up plates and bottles with out asking .\nRushing my enjoyable meal. Rush rush
My son and I resolved never to eat here again. We ordered chicken tacos and it smelled gross and tasted gross and we couldnt even finish our tacos. The next day I had the runs!
really good BBQ!!! This place is a hidden gem :-)  The portions are SUPER large so it's a good idea to split.  The dining area isn't anything special so we always get carry-out.
Had to wait 15-20 minutes for the shuttle to fill, but simply paying the $12 (round trip) fee is so much easier than haggling with some of the limo drivers upon exiting the airport.
Love this place!  It's the people from Cheesecake Factory and 24 hours!  And, even though, it's in the Palazzo, the prices are not that bad.  Nuff said!
What a difference a dance class makes in my daughters life!  More energetic, more outgoing, and definitely more tired! \n\nThe whole crew at Bricks love what they do and it shows with my daughter!\n\nThanks again Bricks Staff!  Keep up the KILLER job!!
I can't say enough about this place. we visited multiple times for breakfast and have been pleased.  But ordering our pies and rolls for thanksgiving blew us away on how great this place is! Well done Jewels, well done.
Come here fairly often with my fiance and like the atmosphere. Dawnielle does fantastic karaoke on weeknights and is always friendly! Food is decent and drinks are strong :)
FANTASTIC! Always a delicious meal!  I love their drinks!\n\nAlso....they have the COOLEST BEER PONG TABLE EVER!! Server told me a local who recently graduated from Cornell built it.
Fabulous service and food! We will be going back very soon! The Maru salad with Italian dressing was wonderful. We bought a 12\" pizza that was perfect with all organic ingredients!
I wish I could put zero stars. The hours say 6-5 and they aren't even open! Many of my friends have had this same issue here, and when you try to call you get a message that says \"mailbox full\". Annoying.
Wonderful ambiance - perfect spot for a cozy romantic dinner in Old Montreal. Great service & really nice presentation on all courses. Glad we came.
Good food, recommend it. Food gets 4 stars, but not drive thru. It's terrible. Regret it every time. 2 cars ahead of me, waiting 20 minutes. NOT EXAGGERATING. 20 minutes. But, food is good.
Food was very good.best I have had in the valley so far. I am from the NE and this has been the closest thing to there I have been able to find. We had Peking Duck which was prepared perfectly.Service was prompt and it was very reasonably priced
Used to be one of my favorite sushi places in Vegas, but last time I ate there, it gave me the runs.
Used to be a regular, unfortunately the quality of the food has exponentially decreased in the past year or so... While the prices keep going up...
OMG I've never seen so many posers in one place in all my life. If you are a poser then you will probably like it here. Otherwise avoid at all costs.
Sad to confirm that what other reviewers have said is true....Fry's has deteriorated markedly at this location (as well as most of the others). Management just doesn't care, the store(s) are filthy and employees are surly and indifferent. Go elsewhere....
Spent some time here. It's cheeseball, but kind of fun. Really diverse crowd led to a lot of random conversations. The light is iconic.
Super sad that there is no bakery or roasted duck inside this Ranch 99 location. :( Everything here is WAY overpriced and nothing is sold in bulk here.
Let's just say, Italian rainbow cookies. Been on the search for these bad boys for four years now. I FINALLY FOUND THEM!!!!
I can eat here everyday. It's definitely feasible. The people are awesome. The food is delish. The service is quick. Never had any issues ordering from here.
go just to say that you've gone..\n\nwe had no lines / no cover - dj was cool - dancefloor was packed. \nkinda small and feels cramped\n\ntake me back to xs asap
Out of business! Boo.
It took over 25 min to order catering over the phone for 2 days. The lady on the phone kept saying their computer system is very slow and she didn't know how to use it. It was painful. Food quality and prices were good.
It's good, but not great.  The Italian beef is tasty, but hardly unique or memorable.  I actually like the sausage better.  Aside from that, it's just another Phoenix place that thinks putting Chicago/New York/etc. in the name and on the walls makes the food interesting.
Eh not impressive at all, All the hooplah and hype about their frozen hot chocolate is for nothing\n\ngo make yourself a hot chocolate and make it cold, add some milk and blend it.\n\nSorry Serendipity!
Huge selection and pretty cheap. I just don't like to pay to get sick five minutes after eating. If you're brave give it a try. Not everyone will feel the same. But I won't be going here by choice again.
This location usually has the part you are looking for, and if not, they can get it within the same day sometimes, which is great.  The issue with this particular location is only about 50% of the employees are knowledgeable beyond what the computer spits out for them, which can be problematic when seeking advice for custom builds, etc.
Love the drive through only concept.  In and out in a flash!!!  This place must get busy, they have a ton of employees working.
How is it their own website says they close at 2 am and I walk in 1230am they say they are closed.  They gave poor customer service. If yo going to state your open and closing times make sure they are not off by 2 hrs. Its vegas people eat late not early.
This place is awesome! Definitely sit outside if it's nice out...hard to beat the rooftop!
Great food ... But there were 3 issues\n1. You can not creat your own omelet \n2. Slow services \n3. Little bit pricy
Great show. As others have said comedy meets cirque meets burlesque. Not for anyone who is offended by raunchy or racial comedy. But, if you have this kind of a sense of humor, it's great. \n\nNO bad seats, either. Can't go wrong.
No further contact from this business. My bank stepped in when I filed a complaint and even then they held out until they were forced to refund. Aside from enjoying the product, I will not purchase another from this company due to this experience. There are too many other spas that will blow bubbles just the same - adios Tuff guys !
Love this shop!  I can get lost in here....so much fun stuff :)
Nice bar near the baseball complex.
Asshole bouncers, ugly patrons, bad music, expensive cover, pricey drinks, but hey, you can get in.  I'd rather sit at the slots an or play bingo with the blue hairs.\n\nDon't watse your time or money.
This review is based on the waterfall only its a must everytime I come to vegas I was soo happy they changed the music to my faaaaaavorite MJ song Billie Jean. I love the show its amazing what you can do with water and sprinklers
I like to eat  at  here  food  is  assume  and  great i came here  for  7 yrs  now  but  i alway  think  kitchen is  so  dirty lol\nThis is  problems i can not give higher stars . I have  6 and half yrs of experience being  chef so  i can  see  that  dirty kitchen...
Always a big queue...\nSlightly higher than normal...\nFast student lunches.
A legend. Cheap and bad for you. Fries with gravy is the best. Going to the O is a PGH experience. Enjoy it for what it is a cheap dive bar with greasy food. YUM!!
This is a \"resort\" in need of complete renovation. Do not pay more than $50 per night for a room here. We left as soon as we could book another spot.
So dissapointed by this new location of the family owned Stacy's.  The Sauce was literally an icky uber sweet  mess. The price was quite high for a small portions of  medioacre bbq. T\nPreviously I have love Stacy's on Indian School. but this is not the same!
I have to say my experience was much better my second time around. The customer service was excellent and everything in my order was correct. Very satisfied.
The $1 Jello shots can be had with whip cream upon request. Cat5 is all you need. An extra $1 will add a floating shot of 151 to your Cat5. \n\nSkip the bars and stick to Fat Tuesday for your best bang for the buck on the strip.
Food was not good. Service was horrible, waited an hour for the check. For the price expect much better. Vanilla ice cream was above average. Will not come again ever. Two friends got showered in calamari from the unsteady hands of the server.
pretty good salon. never had a bad experience there and the stylists are always very friendly. also a great location close to my home. cant ask for much more than that!
Great, greasy, delicious Philly style cheesesteaks in a fun atmosphere. Certainly an after-bar food stop in Scottsdale!
Indeed one of the best Mediterranean restaurants in town! The Greek salad dressing is authentic and delish. Can't wait to go back.
Nothing spectacular just average, the rooms were ok and semi-clean at least. Played some slots for about 45 mins and 60.00 later found out they were very tight at this place. The buffet was pretty good but overall there wasn't much to do at this hotel it's pretty low key.
Pool service is terrible. Took 30 plus minutes for drink orders. We also went to Centro Lounge for dinner and service was ALSO slow! Good lord
The view is phenomenal, food can be purchased from any 24 hour diner. Steak no flavor. Mashed potatoes from a box etc....etc......you get the idea, except instead of paying $7.99 for steak you'll pay $60. Typical vegas turn and burn.
I bought a Groupon for a facial from Mimi. This was my first facial  and she was fantastic!!! My skin is glowing!!
One of the finest and most caring animal professionals on the planet. Reasonable rates and they listen to your concerns. Dr. Burke should be on your short list of preferred vets.
Prices (especially during happy hour) are better than average for Vegas, food is OK, neither the best nor the worst sushi I had.  Service (at the bar) was outstanding.
It was nice. The cashier was chipper. The food was just like the L&L in Oahu. Wish they would crank the A/C a little more though.\n\nRestroom was a little dirty.
A great surprise! The food was delicious, fresh and fun. I highly recommend this to someone looking for a very casual or take-out Mediterranean meal.
I have had very poor experiences dealing with this business.  Period.
still my FAV
We were there for dinner a couple of days ago with family..and the food and service was really good..our host/ server Vick looked after us really well..he was very hospitable and made us feel at home...surely would go back whenever in Vegas..
Not very good in my opinion.  Almost everything is fried and bland.
This place is okay for late night eats as it's pretty much the only thing open after midnight (which is LAME in Vegas!). We enjoyed the food we had at 2 in the morning but that was if course after a full night of drinks and dancing.  Cannot recommend choosing Raffles for a nice evening out.
We had The best turkey gravy I've ever made thanks to The spice outlet! Wonderful spices, great service, and everything is so fresh! The best ever!
Flamingo Special is my favorite! It reminds me of the twice cooked chicken I would get from the old Chinese\nPlace that use to be outside Metro Center as I grew up. Shrimp fried rice is yummy!! Just quit getting my to go order wrong.
I had the smoked lamb special. It  was great!  My daughter had the pulled pork sandwich...amazing!! My wife had pulled chicken and beef  brisket and also loved it! 50 different beers to select by the bottle. I love the casual and fun environment of this restaurant! I will definitely come again!
i prefer breakfast its plentyful and the price is right, however i sometimes do dinner. i am really not a fan of dinner at ihop. not a lot of selection and the price is higher than i think it should be for an ihop. service is great though, i have been going for years.
Service was great, Food was excellent...the down side was the tables were dirty! The place only had one table in use when we arrived!
Service was good. Order was repeated back. Drive thru line moved quickly.\n\nFood just okay, but about what I would expect from a fast food place. Fish taco was small. Fish was greasy. Nachos were good size and filling.
Average. Place looks nice but they seem to charge a bit more and I assume it is the decor. Probably would visit again but not to often. $15-$20 a person for lunch is a bit pricy to me for a burger, fries and a soda.
Friendly staff, nice rooms, close to the strip, yummy breakfast, reasonably priced, Hilton points.  We'll stay here again.
A solid 4stars. Service was fast, food was on my table quick. Whenever i try someplace new i go easy on the heat, I ordered \"4\" spicy, I could have gotten a 6 and been perfect heat. I ordered my favorite, panang chicken.
$8.24 cents to fax five pages to my insurance company and an unpleasant, unsmiling troll behind the register to help me out with the process.  I think that pretty much sums it up.
Always consistently good food! The salsas are awesome, the burritos and tacos are yummy. Expect to wait during normal dinner and lunch times because this place is always packed! My favorite Mexican restaurant, and I have no reason to go anywhere else!
Stopped by this place, it's totally dead.  Machines just eat your money, overpriced hookah that they don't really know how to make.  Totally disappointed at the changes that happen between August and now.  They used to have great hookah, that was well priced and great staff...
just wanted to thank the deathly ill, weazing sneazing coughing (uncovered) young woman who works at the decatur store for giving me the worst case of the flu I've ever had.  Imagine getting a tatt here with all these germs floating around.
Used to be a great little spot. Definitely fell off in popularity.
Pretty good delivery of traditional fare. Gotta point out the Fish Taco's as exceptional. Rating would be higher but the service is inconsistent.
very affordable and delicious filet mignon for only $32. will come back again!
I think yelp really let me down this time. In my opinion, I think the bar is just trying to be a restaurant. The service was somewhat slow. Arizona has way better Mexican food places than this joint. The chips were stale, and the guacamole was bland with a chunky twist.
Cute shop and kinda hidden in a strip mall. You just never know what you'll find on Eastern Ave. Loved the chiffon tank tops and cute casual clothes. It's nice to know that strip malls *can* have cool stores. Expect to spend some dough re mi though....
Great place to go to, and you can always find good buys!
Was there in March and have to say the staff not as friendly as they once were!
Booo! You used to be \nBoomerangs! I miss the bar! \nDonuts are smaller.\n\n\n(b)
The lady was so nice! The food is a bit Americanized but still very delicious. The spicy noodle on Korean menu was especially good.
Absolutely the worst Pho I have ever had. The soup tasted like roast beef soup. It was brouwn and the vegetables were old and wilted. They did not even serve the soup with a soup spoon. Don't ever order the pho.
Ordered the pad Thai chicken, the basil chicken fried rice, Tom Ka and red curry all of it was freaking amazing. Found a gem right by my friends house. Going to be coming here often.
I would like to take the opportunity to thank Scooptacular for contacting me and making an effort to rectify the situation. I haven't try it again but I will in the future. \nThey have make a few changes and I was pleasantly surprised.\nThanks Again Scooptacular.
Really want to like this service, and I adore the cat sitter herself, but the owner is MIA and won't return calls or provide requested invoices.
Don't waste your time and money becoming an owner. When you go to Vegas, you should try something new each time, and experience new places to stay. It's like groundhogs day there, even though your in Vegas. BORING!!
Amazing experience.  We ordered the $125 omakase. So so good and totally worth the money. Highly recommended
Yet another delicious Fox restaurant.  Went here with co-worker for lunch.  We got some kind of delicious fritters and split the stew.  It was amazing -- and everything came in adorable colorful dishes.  I can't wait to go back
Had their Sukiyaki for lunch with prime rib. Broth was delicious, thus so was everything that was cooked in it. Staff was excellent. Very friendly and made me feel very welcome. I will definitely come back here with my wife.
Expensive and not hot and fresh.  $1.30 for a donut.  I am a fan of Krispy Kreme, but I do not recommend this location inside Circus Circus.
Lady at the dressing room gave a lot of attitude, when i talk to my little sister about what she is allowed and not allowed to wear, input was un necessary, please.
Prices pretty standard, ribs were tender but not very tasty, like they had been cooked on the stove not barbequed.  Relied on the sauce.  Staff was friendly, service quick.
Good pizza joints are hard to find in Vegas.  This place hit the spot.  My family ordered pasta with meatballs, a salad, the chicken parm calazone, and a cheese pizza.  The prices were fair.  The service was the bomb.  And the atmosphere was fun - perfect for a young family.
Good sushi good service \nJust little pricy coz of in hotel. \nBut it was good experience !
Pretty disappointed that they don't give ranch with wings any more.  They wanted to charge 60 cents per container...not sure if this is a new or temporary policy... Either way, it sucks
Came for the Irish breakfast and couldnt even finish it because it was so terrible.  The food had an after taste like it was being held in steam pans that had old, gross tap water.  Only finished the soda bread, everything else was unbearable.  Drinks were good- black and tan and an irish coffee (nice and strong)
So ingredients were pretty fresh for the salad.  I wish the eggs weren't all crumpled (probably the wrong word) together.  Overall for all you can eat and $7, it was pretty good.
Solid food. Neither spectacular nor bad. Good service. Sit outside.
Best pancakes I've ever had!!! Must have! All of us had different ones and all of them were good! Red velvet, Ricky road and orange dreamsicle!
Loved the Pizza, one of the best lunch I had in the five days I was in Vegas. I will return on my next visit.\n\nHad to come back weeks later and revise my review and give Trevi 5 stars for there pizza. glad there 500 miles away, gosh that pizza was good
The service was very fast and the staff was friendly.  I went here with friends recently and had a great time.  The tacos were excellent and so were the Margarita's..YUM!!  I definitely plan to return soon.
After being there three time I guess I could give it 4 stars.  Their food were good. Prices were cheaper than other places that I have been . Service was fast as fast food.  Plenty of waitresses to wait on you on weekday. But on the weekend they may forget that  you are there.
CLOSED Las Vegas location only open in Chicago.
Wonderful Greek cuisine we had the chicken and the pork with with chocolate cake for dessert
Rachel's Kitchen is a great place to go for lunch. Really small, but nice and quaint.  Great sandwiches, salads, and breakfasts. Pretty healthy too.
Had New Years eve dinner here this year and it was the worst meal I have ever had in my life. Last year the dinner was great. Don't know how the food is during the day. I will never eat here again. They have a problem.
Dub is awesome!  The shop has a great artistic vibe and is well worth the money.
Mark was a super fun driver, very friendly and the dude can sing! Matt was our driver to the dunes, super cool with lots of tips and information. We had a great time!
Having a gold membership makes everything so simple. You get to skip the lines and walk directly to the garage and pick up your car without any hassle. The price is good too. I paid a total of $80 to rent a Camry from Friday-Monday.
Yuck!\n\nTried Quizno's for the first time with my sister and three kids.  No one liked it.  It was as bad (if not worse) than Subway.\n\nWho considers this stuff food?  Or a sandwich?
Good happy hour
Had the pulled pork nachos and BBQ chicken lettuce wraps.  Food was good, but portions were extremely small for price.  Service was horrible.  Took 45 min to get bill at 4 in the afternoon.
The place isn't bad for the middle of the strip...but i did expect the casino to have more selection........     p.s. show your military id and you just might get a PENT HOUSE!
I don't have much to say about this place... Seems like a nice school! Not as pretty as USC, but it isn't bad. I spent most of my time at the law school and it was really cool. They have some nice programs. It's better than UCLA,but then again everything is. ;)
Business no longer there!!
Great service. Great food. Away from the strip. Family run place. Hidden gem. Chips and salsa to start.
Hotel is very clean. Beds were warm. Safe area. Shower had awesome water pressure and plenty of hot water.  \n\nBreakfast was so so. The eggs tasted like powder. Blah.
Best kept secret in Las Vegas. 25 cents to play. take $10 and spend the entire day going back in time. Right next to the VERY cheap tropicana Cinema. Sodas & water 50 cents. More than a museum or arcade a truly life changing experience.
This place.. Is ok if ur grabn something quick .. But they do have a great happy hour tho
It's good, maybe slightly above average but still good. The menu layout and customization is interesting, but I honestly would prefer a few other places for a burger! You would think for a place that has 'Burger' in its name and exclusively serves burgers in would be a little better.
Shrimp Cocktail was dissapointing for sure
Very slow service (was in a line of 5 people and it took over 15 minutes at the slushee bar). Little if any alcohol in the slushee.
Flatbread was great but the rest was so so.  Sit in the bar on game days...plenty of TVs
Always had some body try to sell me something. When ever I wqlk around to fine what I need never.to help me just try to sell me stuff
This place has been under new ownership for awhile and it has been run down terrible prices terrible food terrible customer service the service is so bad here that I will never eat here again and recommend Napoli pizza, maestro' pizza, cafe Verdi, Angelina's pizza any pizza joint in the area other then this place
What an unique place, a raw bar that also serves ramen!!!  Of course, I tried their ramen.  Not bad for a non ramen shop.  I need to go back and try out their raw bar.  The menu has a wide range of both meats and fish served raw and chopped with a selection of international condiments.
Great steaks, salads, ambiance, decor. Highly recommend coming.
Big portion! Better Off the Strip then in the casino which take for ever to bring your food and bad serivce. Off the strip are more faster and is alway happy to help you pick a good dish to eat. Had chicken and waffle which was awesome.
They didn't seem enthusiastic about helping me w/ a custom design. And, the cat they have wandering the store vomited at my feet.
Fantastic food.  I had the quiche with fresh fruit and my boyfriend had the scrambled eggs.  Both were freshly prepared and had good portion sizes.  They offered free wi-fi.  A few days later we went back for breakfast again and had the cinnamon rolls.  \n\nThe Paradise also serves lunch, but we only had breakfast.
Great tasting food! Server needs to listen better! ! When the food got to the table right it was outstanding! ! P.S. had to wait 10 minutes to be seated in a 1/2 empty restaurant.
This place is fabulous. Truely a gem, in our neighborhood.
I've been there twice.\n\nThe first time, the food was good and the service was great.\n\nThe second time, the food was just OK, their best dish (pork belly & grits) was not available and the service was poor.
Lots of walking, but beautiful greens and very fun atmosphere.
Received an incorrect diagnosis which lead to extended grief for my 4 year old daughter. Then called back to get her weight from them as she went through much pain to get weighed and they said it was not on their record. Won't go here again.
A lot of tasty looking food but when you taste it it's a surprising disappointment :(
Great massage place! Kat is an awesome therapist..very friendly and professional..she answered all my questions and explained the details of the massage techniques, etc.\n\nGreat service at great price!
would come back again, didn't get to eat just had chips & salsa.  Would not get the margarita again.  Good atmaspher
This place is absolutely sensational a great atmosphere and amazing selection on the menu. Staff were great with recommendations and really know their stuff. Well worth the trip away from the strip if you are in Vegas and want fantastic food
Very nice, cosy small restaurant, good and fresh sushi... and not even expensive.
Soooo delicious!  We always get the mixed plate with Chicken Katsu, and beef teriyaki.  The kalbi short ribs are delicious as well.  Highly recommended!
One of the best restaurants in AZ -- I loved every single thing about my meal here. The duck breast was delicious. The staff are super knowledgable and all of the ingredients are locally sourced. Every bite was memorable and I can't wait for another special occasion/reason to go back.
They need to really pay attention to there donuts! They put no love and flavor to say to there donuts frosting covers half the donuts and the price wow to high. The gas station has better quality. But if they just add more time to there donuts there stars will go up. But until then good bye DD!
Food is just not good. Been here a few times and always have been disappointed. Only reason i didn't give it 1 start only is because service is actually good. I don't get why this place always attracts crowds.
The food was okay but for the price paid, this was an average experience. Be prepared for a rather depressing ambience, loud music from the neighboring club (even if you are there for a quiet evening). The staff at the entrance is rather rude! For all the hype, this place mildly disappoints.
This is a wonderful place to eat, a gem of a find. The lentil soup is well seasoned & has vegetables, & the chicken tikka is delicious. The best of all is the slow-cooked marinated goat, exquisite, melts in you mouth & seasoned to perfection!
Cottage Express is quick, delicious, and has large portions. Best take out Chinese in Hickory Grove!
Fun. A regular spot for early dinner with friend. Not a great diversity in seafood selections, but it is a crab place
Had the sunrise special breakfast today.  Amazing value, friendly staff, good atmosphere, slow service,  Definitely recommend
Not my favorite, super nice staff, but not the best pizza.
Wali is a master tailor and does fantastic work altering jackets, pants ... you name it, he can do it.  He is attentive and really listens to what the customer wants done.  He takes pride in his work and makes sure the customer is satisfied with the piece before leaving the shop.
This restaurant is a nightmare! Ordered 2 appetizers, both were so small it was a joke! (plus expensive) I ordered a steak, it came out raw, I had to send it back, then it came back charred to death. Waitress was rude, it was a complete waste of $$.
Pokey sticks! enough said.
it's a great adventure when they have free admission days sponsored by qwest.\n\na membership might be a great deal for those that like to exercise but like interesting views.
Still love their bagels and apparently I am not the only one since they won Phoenix New Times for Best Bagel (2011).
CLOSED-\n\nThis place burnt down.
Good food but takes too long before game to get order, be sure to come early, 35 mins to get food.
This store is fantastic - staff members are always helpful and the selection of games is great.  This is one of the first game stores I checked out after moving to the Madison area and I have avoided going to others because I like this one so much.  In addition, they hold great events every day during the week, they really have a game for everyone.
So good. The Dorado was grilled perfectly, and the fries are always good. Fish and fries, what more do you need?
Good show. Props fantastik. Too short,only about an hour.
This restaurant is expensive for the little amount of food you receive.  Environment is quaint and the service was good. The bread was very delectable. I most likely will not return because of the price. Look for coupons online before you head over to the restaurant.
They have all the best Japanese snacks and the cutest Rilakumma stuff!! I always find everything I need here from really good tweezers to my favorite snacks to all my cute gifts. I love this place, they also have a second location on the west side.
People are helpfully but poised off that the financing lady just her deck and left me there for more there 20 minutes.
Jessica did an amazing job on my hair! I will send all of my friends and family over there! I will send everyone there!
This is the first time we've visited this restaurant and it was great! The staff is friendly and the food is terrific. They have \"all you can eat\" if you like and a great menu! I can't believe we've missed this place tucked in the middle of the shopping center before now.
How do you mess up a grilled cheese? I don't know but this place did. It smelled like fish! The fries were mediocre, but at least they smelled like fries. Plan to go elsewhere to eat after you see a show here.
Great place to see a show!  Remembers to take coins for the metered street parking.  You have to pay until 10pm.  Easy in and easy out.  Not a bad seat in the house.
This place has the longest wait times you will ever experience. Don't even attempt to go through the drive-through because you will spend at least 15 minutes waiting. There are plenty of other places nearby for me to go.
Water, grass and trees! Wild life. Great track : walk or run.
I tried this place because it is close to me, what a mistake. Food is bland and gross as well as over priced. Save your money and go to Lil' Cesars.
Get a pastry! They are that good.\n\nDon't mind the compostable packaging! The loudest plastic you'll ever encounter.
Slow service at 11:30 am on a Saturday morning when the restaurant was not busy at all.  I was served raw chicken in my chicken sandwich.  Needless to say it was taken off our bill.  However, there is no excuse for that to ever happen.
Stayed here for 3 nights.  Hotel employees were great.  Called room service my last night for 30 minutes and no answer.  Unfortunatly I called the front desk after room service closed and was told they could not me.  Will not stay here again for that reason alone  .
Closed on Sundays, when half of Southern Highlands is milling about, waiting on a table at the only decent food around (next door at Rise & Shine) seems like an egregious business error.
I used them for a bridge.  The bridge doesn't fit right and is too thick.  Other dentist have commented about the bridge and said it was a poor job, but they really didn't want to get into bashing another dentist.    It has changed the way I speak, my smile and has made me very self conscious about it.
I was only in this place for about 2 minutes. I went on the patio, I believe this place has the best view of the strip in Vegas. Outside of that the place was extremely small. I thought we were in someone's living room. I can't even remember what kind of music they were playing.
Great place to see if you have not been.  Loud and moving atmosphere with tremendously diverse food selections. My tummy was in heaven!\n\nShishito peppers and Brussel sprouts are the best.
Pricey for what you get, food nothing out of the ordinary, best part of the meal was great chips and salsas.
We stayed here because it was cheap and close to my brother's house.\n\nWere we ever pleasantly surprised!  The people were nice here, the room is huge, there's a 'fridge and microwave in the room too.\n\nI like this place, we'll stay here again.
Some of the worst food I have ever had I would never recomend this to anyone.  Go to Sakana or Hiro Sushi
Always is very enjoyable to have diner at Fogo De Chao. Excellent food, service and atmosphere. Gustavo took care of my family much better than any luxurious cruise with his first class attention to every detail. Great place.
Selection was small versus bacchanal buffet and studio b buffet. Food did not justify the price during lunch. As a platinum card member you would expect service to be a little more above average. Service was horrible, they were not that busy and tables were left uncleaned the entire time we were there.
I know this place has high reviews... but this doesn't cut it if you're Asian. looking around, I was thru only Asian costume and now i know why... but if u like American style sushi... then this is your thing. Plus their rolls are waaaaay overpriced.
Ritter's is always good time. Good food and good people watching. Plenty of places to park in the parking lots. Had the grilled ritter's sandwich and it was yummy. My mom had the tuna salad sandwich and said it was good but she's had better.
Place is unassuming simple menu based on Japanese Curry good price.
Good pizza, nice people, great rock and roll. Coupons, too. What more can you ask?
Could be better.  Front page stories are quite clever and very funny.  Inside is rather boring and unfunny.
This review is for food only!  TERRIBLE!  I know its a chain, but come on!  Don't bother if you have any inkling of eating.  Good if you just want to watch the game and drink beer...
very expensive mediocre chinese food. also...not sure where the dim sum fits in. was that even an option on the menu? please read all of the other 1-2 star reviews on here before throwing your money away at this place. you can get much better food + wait staff elsewhere.
No more 'bou burgers. And now I have a new favorite restaurant in Madison. And it has great cocktails too. If only it were open 24h a day.
Nice ambience and good food/drinks. Service is fast. I have been there twice and both times the experience was good. Tried their vegan chile this time, which was amazing. Will visit again for sure.
Delivery is not very good !! Was late and didn't bring plastic wear or plates or not even soy sauce! Very disappointed specially because we have order many times from there before and lately not getting good service.
Bad customer service.\nFood not really good,not recommend!!!
.39 tacos daily is hard to beat
Very rude lady. She can be more friendly. Every customer deserves respect.
The food is not great. service very good. If you are looking for a good buffet you would do better at Golden Corral than here and\nYou pay less.
I just discovered this place today and I love it! It is so cute with all its antiques and old fashioned set-up. Also the Vienna beef hot dogs are inexpensive and delicious!
Great Service, hilarious bartender! The biscuits and gravy were very good compared to many other restaurants. I always have a good time and many laughs when I come here.
I have been playing dollar slots for over one hour and have not been offered one single drink. This in my opinion qualifies as bad customer service. In fact I haven't seen one person walk around with a drink tray inquiring if anyone wants a drink.
We get seated immediately, there are peanuts to snack on while you wait. Service is normally swift unless there is a large group in the same section as you. We eat there maybe once a month. I really like the burgers and the sweet potato fries.
Hands down, the best sushi in the entire West Valley. The spicy tuna roll is fantastic. My wife and I are also big fans of the veggie cream cheese roll. You can't go wrong during happy hour either, when the rolls are only $4! The staff is also super pleasant.
The food at Z'Tejas is just ok.  Except for the cornbread.  And the cobbler dessert. But this place gets a 5 star rating for the staff, the dining experience and the great service.  In a neighborhood filled with great places to eat, this Z'Tejas location should be in everyone's regular rotation!
Came here for lunch and, based on the recommendations of other reviewers, ordered the chicken salad sandwich.  It did not disappoint!  Croissant was moist and flaky, and chicken salad had a fresh, light flavor.  And I loved that the sandwich came with a a mini cupcake.
Pretty good mexican food. I had the carnitas tacos and a margarita on the rocks. No complaints. BUT not worth 30 bucks either.
Best French fries around!!! Fresh cut and always hot and crispy, is go here just for the fries!!!!
$2 well drinks on Tuesdays and buy one get one free sushi rolls every day!\n\nWith those specials it is easy to eat there. Fair warning-I don't think it is the freshest food in town and last time I was there another patron had her phone stolen from her table when she visited the restroom.
The most civilized location on The Strip.
Great food! I tried the Bronzed Shrimp and Gouda Grits and it was excellent! I went on a Monday night and it was crowded. If you have to wait it is worth it. Lola was greeting and seating guests. Everyone was very friendly.  I'm definitely going back.
If you don't mind feeling like the place is going to get robbed any moment it's not too bad:-/ the staff are nice but very slow.
Stopped here on a whim and really enjoyed it!! I got the burger salad and it was fresh and had a ton of avocado. My fianc\u00e9 got the bacon cheeseburger and really liked it! Fast and friendly service, everything was cooked well and yummy.
They did something different to the zuchinni which isnt as good as it used to be but not bad on the happy hour menu.  Hubby upset they took his fav newcastle off tap.
Great food and atmosphere if you can get past then incredibly rude hostess. Their brunch is a better option than their dinner.
The club is wonderful: awesome smoothie; great teas and more.  The service at the location is beyond description!
Got a credit from the hotel so we tried it. Food and drinks are overpriced, as expected. Both of them taste pretty good though.
Too expensive and rude sales people.  Enough said!
Got the windows tinted on my Versa. They did a fantastic job. Very pleased with the results. I would recommend highly as a place to get your auto windows tinted. The proprietors Kip and Shannon were very personable and professional.
I visit this store often because it has just what I need. Tons of cashiers who help get you in and out without a head ake! Staff who are educated in their special department. And nice sells. I swear I'm at this location at least once per week.
Very good food. Authentic. Spicy as indicated by name. We went there for dinner twice during our short visit to Vegas and we were happy both times.
Food is average, especially for the price. Small quantity too. Service not terrible, I wasn't done with my soup and the girl just took it away without saying anything!!! Go somewhere else if you want to have nice Asian food. You won't find it at Sato & Chan.
I've had better burgers in a college cafeteria. The guacamole was very good though.
Great Asian Store in bad location. Too many homeless' in the parking lot  and by front of store begging for money or cigarettes.
This is by far one of the best sushi places in Vegas.  The price is very good for the quality.  The building use to be a 50s diner so its pretty spacious.  Service was good and my favorite dish was probably the rainbow roll.  Get the AYCE if you go here
The staff are some of the most helpful and nicest people you will come across!  Not alot of business, hope the store makes it!
Just an update. Stiil pretty good food and great prices.  Went for dinner on Saturday, 7/16 and order 8 dishes.  We were not disappointed.  Read my previous post for detail, but just wanted to say that we are still fans.
All you can eat Mongolian food.  Hot, good, and affordable!
I love this place. Always nice, close to home, great service, awesome rolls and the AYCE is cheaper here than anywhere else. My new go to sushi spoy.
I love that place. They have a huge selection of draft beer and the food was amazing. Everything was fresh and cooked to perfection. You can sit outside, they have a nice patio on the second floor.\nService was great too, very friendly and they refilled our water glass all the time.  I am definitely going back!
good bye chez nous..it was great while it lasted!!
This is a great family place! They give you a ball of dough to play with for the kids. I love the meatball and pesto pizza and the house wine is great to drink as well! If you go try to go before they change over to supper that is when the real deals happen!
Good Pizza for Arizona. They have a great lunch special, 2 slices and a drink for $5 including tax. If you are looking for good pizza in the Scottsdale area come by an
Horrible horrible horrible everything!! Gaming sucks! Bartenders suck!! Food sucks!! The only reason for possibly a 1 star was because of a sweet server that walked by and said hello
If you are super high and it's 2am this is your spot, otherwise, avoid it as there are much better options all around it including Rubios, 5 guys, chic-fil-a, and pizza.
wow there was so much food I didnt know where to start!!! salads, pizza, steak, mexican, chinese.....it never ended!!
Horrible sandwiches.
Best pancakes wafles and eggs of new-york\n\nYou have to come earlier if you want to be seated everybody's going there
nothing impressive besides the name.
Yummy brunch pumpkin French toast to die for! Potato  home fries were delicious garden omelet just okay \n\nOur server Tim super friendly and a good waiter\nWe will come back
Excellent food, large portions, and great price. Highly recommended from an out of town first timer.
I love the food here but the service is horrible. Been here 4 times with a friend the past two months and never a smile or thank you. :(
Fuzzy's is a great spot to grab a few drinks and some delicious tacos. Every week they've got Taco Tuesday and the tacos are only $1.50, combo that with happy hour (4-7PM) and you've got similarly cheap drank.
Nothing special.   The fish tacos are ok, while the pork carnitas is greasy and not good.  The chips are unremarkable.  The food just didn't taste fresh. I see no reason to return.
What a dump! Messy messy. Stale food. Sloppy employees. WTF Taco Bell?!?! Someone please clean this place up.
Great cheap Vietnamese place to go for lunch. Pretty much all of their dishes can be had for less than $10 and their all pretty tasty!\n\nEnjoy
No oysters in their AYCE Sushi dinner menu! Try the spicy seafood salad.. you can get a half order, you'll like it!
Luxury and class without the spoils of midnight gaming and hookers.  Very nice stay and overlooked one of the neighborhood strip joints from the 57th floor.
A great experience,definately worth going its very interesting, interactive. Everyone should go at least once its worth the trip!!!!!!!
I love this place. Staff is always so accommodating and professional !
It hasn't moved, it no longer exists!  It has been re-branded the Quad
I don't remember what roll I ordered bit it was a big pile of who knows what. It wouldn't have been so bad if it wasn't drenched with some sort of sauce that was over the top. \nWe came in kind of late but still enough time to eat but I felt like we were rushed by the staff.
They added meats & German groceries, and we've been thrilled with the quality of the products.  Add that to the low prices and the incredible baked goods, the only thing that would improve things would be if they moved closer to my house =D
First time being here, pizza was decent. was not a big fan of the sauce. Service was great though. Thank you
They NEVER say \"Thank You\" to the customer for their order. I'll never understand why management doesn't correct this.
Met the owner, very nice man. The service was excellent and so was the food. Had an omelet made with more than your normal stuff and it was great and they were willing to exchange unwanted items for choose ones without a problem. \n\nHighly recommend and I will be returning for breakfast again.
Alles gut, Super essen, Super lecker aber und daf\u00fcr ein Punkt weniger verdammt teuer :( leider f\u00fcr 2 Personen 2 Burger und was kleines zu trinken 26\u20ac :(((
Great place and amazing prices. You can buy a pass for 9 or so visits and for the eyebrows it ends up saving you about $2 per visit. My talented waxer, Brooke, is fantastic. My brows always look so nice afterwards and I've been going to her for three years!
No complaints about the food or service. I can think of a few places in Vegas that make a better burger for a better price.
Such an adorable boutique with so many cute things!! Adorable items for mom and baby. Also great customer service and very friendly and helpful. Stop by and check it out!
Wanted to write a good review but I couldn't the line was so long!!!!!!!! Went there twice!!!! Sad I really had high expectations
Decent breakfast place that serves egg on every imaginable way to cook it -- only it is good, not great.  It's a good breakfast place when you just want to get on your day. \n\nService: 2 stars\nFood: 3 stars\nLocation/Restaurant: 3 stars
The teens who work here are quite rude. Wasn't expecting much for the few items I had but the service was terrible. I was the only customer in the store when I walked in and they stayed behind the counter the whole time.
the best pancakes I've ever had in my life. Very good service and with my yelp deal. food was free
Typical Mcdonald's, food always tastes the same, people are always friendly, and drive thru is always fast.  French fries have been fresh almost every time too. Love the sausage egg mcmuffins.
The dentist was very nice, but the dental hygienist was more concerned about her lunch than my teeth cleaning. I won't be going back.
In and out in 5-10 minutes. Super friendly staff that remembers your name and always greets you with a smile! Their prices are a steal, especially if you purchase a package or membership!
This Brakes Plus. The is best Brakes Plus. Jeff And Lee are great.
Underwhelming, tiny portions, poor presentation, slow service, overpriced. But that is just my opinion. Some might love it, so try it out for yourself.
Came for the new Sunday all you can eat brunch.  Food was great!!! You must try the bloody Mary's!! So good!! Service was pretty good. In short, I'd return anytime and would recommend to anyone else.
This place had no cars in the parking lot at 5 pm on a Monday. Must be closed.
Save yourself a trip...do not go here.  They water down their drinks, and the waiter was terrible.  The food was average...go to FireWater instead. It's around the corner, better food and drinks...ask Rob the bartender for his opinion on the food and you can't go wrong.
The only negative about this place is even with the smoking ban in place in Las Vegas, you're the odd man out if you're not smoking there.  Great service, good bar food, pool table, darts, Golden Tee, and video poker.
I thought this Papa Johns had great service and the pizza was excellent.
\"Sho\"does The best the stiletto shape nails!!! I absolutely love them..She takes her time and I never have any lifting..,I've been coming to her for the last year she's amazing  I followed her to this salon.
Great eatery!!!!   The service was a bit slow but nice atmosphere and great food!!!
I recently stopped in to try a chocolate croissant but they were out of them.  So, I had a blueberry muffin and enjoyed the decor.  A nice enough place but my next croissant stop in this area will be La Belle Terre.
Tried this pizza tonight-worst ever.  No flavor at all. Frozen pizza would have been better.  Will not be back
Everytime I'm in the area I stop here.  Great selection of German Beers.  Staff could not be more welcoming and friendly.  Schnitzel, red cabbage, potato pancakes are excellent.  If you are not filled by the end of the meal the black forest cake is a can't miss.
Eww, this was not a fun experience.  I had a reasonable amount of dinner and one cosmopolitan.  It was $77.  For that kind of money, you expect to have good food.  The fish was just so-so -- as the old joke goes, the portions were small, too.
Wicked spoon was a bit of a let down. You pay Wynn prices but all you end up with Is mediocre food in small serving sizes. It's more of a gimmick then anything. \n\nDo yourself a favor, go wait in line at the Bellagio, or pay the price for the Wynn.
Great food, and BIG portions!! I have tried the sweet and sour chicken, the orange chicken, and the Mongolian beef!! All of it was awesome and I would recommend them all!
Love America's Taco Shop!  Carne Asada Burrito, that is all you need to know.  Nice people, fair prices, and good food.  If you are looking for an easy sit down dinner or lunch in the downtown area you should check out this place.  A+
Just kinda meh. Not super high class, but good for the money. My shrimp parmiagana was nothing exceptional, but someone else ordered the boneless porkchop. THAT was good.\n\nGood location for large parties too!
I can't speak for the restaurant in general, but my experience walking up and getting a frozen hot chocolate can be summed up in two questions. Is it good? Yes, Is it worth the money? probably not. Even for Vegas prices.
Just a quick update to note here.  I was at the Hungry Monk last week and had my choice of 12 different IPAs On Tap.  My God Man!  Hop Head Heaven!!!
Lots of character, lots of uniqueness, in a great neighborhood. I didn't pay for the room so I don't know how the prices are.
Service was great. Food is crap. I'm pretty sure everything is taken out of the freezer and cooked in the microwave.
Kind of mixed. Paid thru the nose for a black truffle pasta which was bland and unimaginative. Views, cocktails, and apps rocked.
Absolutely impressed! First time here and they were so helpful and patient. They explained the whole menu and how everything worked. They made sure we were satisfied with our smoothies before we left and we definitely were! We will return!
I love love love their Boom Dip!!! It is to die for!!! Every time I just want one all to myself! They also have Excellent Salads! If you are wondering whether or not to go  here.... The answer is yes!!!
Oh my God.  This was so gross.  Buffets in general, gross.  This buffet took it too a whole new level.  Dont dont dont eat here.
We had a takeaway from Morningside Spice which was ok.  The poppadoms were very tasty and the dips very nice however the main courses were a little bland.  My husband had chicken Bhuna and I had Kashmiri chicken.  However it did come very quickly and the staff were friendly.
What a surprise, I have driven past many times and never thought to go in well that was a mistake. Went with two others and every ones food was excellent service was the best I've hade in a long time and the price for the quality was spot on. Can't wait for my next visit.
Terrible Pad Thai, smelled and tasted awful. The yellow curry was super runny and definitely not up to par with some of the other places around here. Very disappointed. Will not be returning.
I came here often when I worked across the street. The pizza is great and tasty. The prices are great (they do discounts off the original price all the time I think) and have great lunch specials. Definitely worth going to one day.
What a cute little place! Bacon chili sauce prawns were amazing. And mmm... Homemade cheesecake. Can't wait to go back! The only issue was our beef wellington was a little undercooked, but not enough to send back or not snarf it down!
Never use this place! They lost my suit and then just shrugged their shoulders and told me there was nothing they could do. I asked to speak to the manager, the girl working there got her on the phone and the manager just told her it was lost and that she didn't want to speak to me.
Food is good. Typical Mexican-American chain.
When I'm looking for the more mature, laid back version of Lux, I come to Copper Star. Coffee is not as good but service is great and place is inviting. Great neighborhood favorite.
We just randomly stopped for breakfast here.  It was really delicious! Julie was our server and she was really perfect.
The menu lists a $7 charge for upgrading any burger with soda and fries and when the bill comes $3.50 is listed separately as a soda and the other $3.50 is included in the burger line item. Confusing pricing scheme and mediocre food.
This is a direct competitor for Chipotle.  Frankly, I don't see the difference between them.  They're both good (for what they are).  Big burrito made the way you want pretty quickly.  I can't say it's really authentic, but it is very tasty.  Great for lunch.
I hate this place! The clothes are too expensive, OLD, and smelly which really surprises me since they're SOOOO picky In buying or receiving trade ins.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place.  I think it's better than Starbucks.  Their signature drink, Grouchy John Frap is the best.  Although, I can't seem to tear myself away from that one to try more. ;-)   Love how they have smoothies for the kids as well!
As always I get my favorite dishes. Mongolian Beef and Chicken lettuce wraps! Service was great. Friendly but a little forgetful. But it is all good. I am full and happy!
They serve alot of food.
Sapporo is mediocre. The food isn't very good. The last time I went there I got my appetizer before I got my drink. The service was terrible. They do have a really cheap happy hour. I would rather go to Blue Wasabi for sushi and drinks any day.
Donuts ....not too bad if you are hungry . I prefer qt
I have just moved to Vegas and needed a haircut.  I was at the mall so I went to Regis.  It was only $25 and Georgette did an awesome job.  I would recommend Georgette and the salon.  It will be my regular spot from now on.
Atmosphere - 4 stars as the mechanical bull was quite entertaining\nService - 2.5 stars as they were not overly helpful with our big group event\nFood - 2 stars as it really was not very good
My mom and I decided to go to Arcadia farms fir early mothers day lunch and were sadly disappointed our waitress never asked if we needed anything to drink other then water she never asked if we needed anything at all she just sat our food down and walked away that is when it finally came. She just wasn't welcoming and the food was not great
Excellent coffee and service. The cafe is a small one with 3 tables so best as a take away place. We had two flat whites to go and they were very well done. \n\nThe cafe also sells their own beans
Really unhappy about the care my mother received. Dr. Banister would not return any calls, \"the doctor does not take personal calls\", was the response to a medication side effect inquiry. In addition, the bill was incorrect- billing for services that did not occur. I've asked my mother to find a new doctor.
Food poisoning for both me and my partner. \n\nIt was our first meal in Vegas after eating a bagel that morning for breakfast from our house. \n\nShe got the fried chicken benedict and I got some kind of monsterous chicken sandwich. It was good going down but it ruined 2 days of traveling.
I was here for a business meeting at about 8:30 at night. It was nice and quiet.
Make sure you're receipt says what you ordered.. They trend to ring up your order after your at the window and sometimes do it wrong
This is probably one of the lower quality Smith's in town.  The service is weak at checkout and the produce section is atrocious.  The one redeeming quality of the location is that it is by my house and they usually have decent specials on meat/seafood biweekly.
This is a fun place for a group or if you like to drink and be social and active. Good food, fun atmosphere and drink prices worthy of New York City! Absolute worst drink pricing in Phoenix. Come on guys. My advice, head to Lola's to save yourself a breathtaking bar tab.
Food was pretty good, I got a wrap for lunch but it was a little small. Fries are similar to potato patch fries and the salads are a decent size.
You get what you pay for. Nobody gets back to you on time, process takes twice as long. The average response to my questions - 3-4 days!! Don't deal with this company.
I love the croissant turkey sandwich and the macarons. A little on the expensive side, but you forget the price when you take your first bite. The staff was friendly enough, I would definitely go back!
My husband and I come to this place often for a refreshing bowl or smoothie and we are always very happy. The product tastes great, and the staff and friendly. Everything we've tried on the menu is delicious but our favorites are the chocolate peanut butter bowl and the tropical bowl. Yum!
The savory crepes were delicious. I had the Monsieur Muru, which has smoked salmon, capers, chives, and cream cheese. Yum!\n\nThe staff all spoke English, and were quite friendly. I would eat here again. It was a great lunch stop after touring one of the local museums.
Huge portions even with baby omelette.  I would advice you to share. Only $.95 more to share. The food was excellent. Stuffed myself, because i couldnt stand to leave it to waste.
Got an awesome grand opening deal on tires here! Big Rob is the man and delivered AWESOME customer service. Free water and Starbucks coffee. This place is great!
I am still scratching my head, wondering why Guy Fieri liked this place so much. It was clean, the food was good, but so is Subway...sorry.
Sushi ok. Not a lot of flavor or variety.  Long wait for food.  And to loud for waitress to hear our order. She got it wrong and didn't evey hear I ordered a beer. Our main rolls came before our appetizer.  Not coming back.
The helpful female behind the counter casually taking my double whopper meal order just a few mins before closing with a  friendly smile on her face was enough to forget your in a sketchy area late at night. I very much enjoy my endless options at the soda machine and the clean tables in the dining area.
Slowest place ever!!! It should not take over 10 min to get my food!!!! Ridiculous!!!!! I am never coming here again!!!!
Very nice place. Great food. I tried the mixed grille. I love the spicy aftertaste.\nThe lobster soup was very good.
Cool environment, awesome service & the Mocha Especiale (I think that's how you spell it) is too die for!!!!
Girl at front counter was in a very bad mood didn't even say hi....  dirty and rude.. last time I'm coming here
Prices are high, choices are limited, the staff is small. Do not try to call or search for help. Michael's is way better in my opinion.
Awesome place. Large selection in golf clubs and tennis gear. Pretty good deals that I liked. Bill stauffer helped me and he was very knowledgable. You can get custom fitted for your clubs and they will order them for you. Very friendly and professional place.
Not a fan of this location, I do think it's great they have Boca Burgers though.  I generally thing FatBurgers are great, and employees are nice but this one the employees are always so unpleasant.  And the food is simply not as good as the other locations.  This one is simply a disappointment.
Loved it!!!!!
booooring. but the guy bartending was funny. he had a big belly with taco tattooed on it.
BWW has maintained its standard over the years I've been with them.  Classic sports bar look with great friendly service.  Although the kitchen messed up our order, but Tyler made a speedy recovery and provided excellent customer service.
I paid these guys $75,000 for a piece of paper with a stamp on it. They told me it was supposed to get me a job but it isn't working and they won't let me return it.
right off the light rail prior to a basketball game i popped in here to get some quick grub.  it was quick, it was super excellent, and the staff were very kind to let me eat in as it was cold outside and they were 5 minutes from closing.  thumbs up for me
Great food at reasonable prices. I've had lunch here twice so far, and will definitely be back. Friendly staff, very accommodating.\n\nUpdate 2/27/2010: I've been back 3 or 4 times since, and still enjoy going here.
I was lucky enough to come on a $5 Monday for lunch, got the firecracker burger and it was really nice.  The fries were nice and crispy and the brew was ice cold.  Service was good and if I'm ever in the area again (which is rare) on a Monday I'll be back for sure.
I've been to several locations and this one was by far te best. The bartenders were friendly who made really strong margaritas. My favorite part is the cat walk that you can drink your drinks on and yell at people on the street walking by. Always a good time.
Every time I go to this location they have everything I want in stock, aren't too pushy, and even if the store is packed they are happy to help!
Went there this morning and had the bacon burrito...YUM! Talk about filling...I have a big appetite and this place fills me up~\n\nCheck it out if you are in the area it is so worth it!
Yuk! Couldn't even chew the steak. I love del taco but never have I experience such a disgusting meal. Didn't get past the first bite.
We tried out the lunch specials and found them to be pretty good.  For about $6 we both got healthy portions of spicy food along with fairly good service.  Take a chance and go for the hotter dishes.  :-)
if you want to see it all , go there at night . they have every thing. people making crafts , paintings , outside bars , outside concerts ... people dress up in the strangest costumes and for a fee will take picture .
This place has the best food! I still make it a point to make the drive ( not too far) at least once a month. If you haven't tried it, you can't go wrong.
My husband needed to get in today and they were able to accommodate us, so I purchased the groupon available. His haircut from Spiro was fantastic. He was really nice. We will definitely be returning.
Grotesque food, vulgar staff, blech.
Gross. Does that sum it up? I will never eat ay Chick-Fil-A again.
*Fantastic sports book, only knock would be they update their big screens, just faded and dull, not great\n*Get a bucket of beers for 25 bucks (or 5 like we did, course we were there 12 hours)\n*Their wings are half bad and come with the sauce on the side
The problem with a place like this is the hype.  Five stars from yelpers, must be amazing!  But sorry, I've had better Eggs Benedict.  For me just too far to drive for the mediocre food and marginal service.
I would recommend Belville Concrete to everyone.  I hired them to stain my patio and it turned out beautiful.  They exceeded my expectations.
Wow!  The BEST company ever.  So professional and hard working.  My tumbled travertine has never looked this great.  Don't even bother to use anyone else.  Very fair price too.
I love Sardella's!! they have great pizza and the winds are great!! they also have a killer monday special (half price pizza!)  this wings are so good they will make you wanna smack your momma!!
They use panko for the breading, which is awesome! Their chicken strips are crunchy but still juicy inside. Very friendly people and yummy chicken :D\n\nCheck out their weekly deals!
I've been a frequent patron for four years now and can't remember a single time when I've had a bad experience.  Great food, amazing beer and wonderful, friendly staff... It doesn't get better than this!
The coffee is okay, the gelato is terrible, but I don't actually come here for any of those. I always came for the space only. Lots of space and outlets to work the night away when you don't feel like being cramped up in your house.
First the food is good but the restaurant service is bad. Today is not busy and service still too slow and never come back to my table .
Love the bread!!! Healthy salad options, bakery goods are delicious too! Breakfast here is always delicious as well.  Good customer service, consistent food quality and overall yumminess!
I dig the Vig. Good food and a great atmosphere/patio. If you like Bocce Ball, then you should definitely check it out, but go soon before it starts to warm up again and be sure to take the Vig Rig home if you're blasted.
Amazing sushi, very friendly staff. Nigiri is more fish than rice and it's always fresh. I have tried many sushi bars in town and still drive 35 minutes to get here everytime.  I love Sakana and am picky about sushi. Try it or your missing out. Worth the drive from any part of town.
Food is good but service can be hit and miss . I recommend the tacos and taco salad, great margaritas and tall draft beers
should of gone elsewhere. we thought we were taking our friends to something different and unique, but what we had was mediocre bread and salad. horribly salty entrees, and incredibly slow service.
Very friendly staff and an interesting Weekend Brunch Menu. The outdoor patio was perfect for conversation. I ordered the Caddy's Egg Benedict. The eggs were great but they were served on a huge plate which made the portion very small. Oh well, I would recommend and my date enjoyed the experience.
We really enjoy Maizie's when we went - our sandwiches and burgers were really delicious, and while we didn't try the fries, my side salad was also nice to pair with my sandwich. Also, the glass of wine i received was HUGE - not going to complain about that!
He's a good, knowledgeable dentist who you can trust. His staff is very nice and helpful with questions.
We accidentally found this place and had no idea what Shabu Shabu was,  Well we found out its delicious and the restaurant was wonderful.  \nIt's now one of our favorite places to dine.
it's dennys, long wait for food, lackluster service and a hair in the eggs that tasted like vinegar make this a visit that I hope we will all soon forget. It made me feel cheap and dirty, like I needed a shower after having ate a turkey burger with a stale bun. =-(
My favorite Mexican place in Scottsdale. Never disliked my food or had poor service.
Came here with another couple and ordered the Pelmeni, Vareniki, and Chebureki.  Of the them were pretty good.  We also ordered a meat platter that had a really good bean relish.  The Feta cheese fries were excellent also.  I would eat here again.
Coconut mango chicken was a disaster and the ship cocktail did not taste fresh and the grand melon mojito tasted like a jelly rancher in a bad way,  I should have gone with the Cuban sandwich it looked better not that the menu had any pictures of the shitty food . .  . Skip this place
Two stars at best.  Service was slow and poor. Food was marginal at best. Came here in hopes of being quick and decent and was disappointed on both accounts. Pass on this place no matter how hungry or tired you might be.
Someone call the health department.
Do not do it! They stole over $2000 from us. Period. It's dirty, it stinks and they stole our money.. We are hard working people just like the people at the hotel. I can't stand a thief and the least they could have done was apologize which they ddnt. They did absolutely nothing.
Not a bad spot when I'm back in the burgh.  This place is alot more classy and upscale than any other place you will find on the south side.  Sometimes it gets a little tight downstairs ordering drinks but I guess that is a small price to pay for a decent night out on the south side
Great addition to downtown!  Every Monday, she has traditional Kenyan food- like curried goat and the mush-like side that accompanies.  the curry spaghetti is nothing special, but the ribs are amazing.  Lydiah is friendly and eager to answer questions. A little pricy but worth a try.
Food is not cheap in Vegas anymore but at least it is usually decent. Not this place, food was way overpriced, service sucked, food was bad. If your looking for Mexican I suggest the drive thru at Taco Bell compared to here.
Only because to rate I have to give a star! The place is usually clean in appearance, but service is horrible. I guess the lack of effort is innate to this establishment. Have spoken with manager and it remains to be the same. I know there are other places but the person bowling bowling on a league.
I would highly recommend J & M painting.  I'm keeping their number saved in my phone for all future jobs!  They were able to paint my interior rooms on a very quick turnaround, and completed the job efficiently and effectively.  Thanks so much!
Wings were good nice and spicy but a little overcooked and they only gave us 6 napkins for a table of 6 people not enough if u eating wings.  Ordered couple beers and they were not that cold. Waitresses had nice attitudes though
What a great store. I am excited for the new location to open next week in Tempe
Since this place is set up rather simpke, I'll make my review the same. Good deal for the money for dogs, beef, burger or, sausage.  The don't over do it with the toppings so enjoy it all..
I love this place. This is my new go to place for sushi.
Great staff and good food, don't change a thing!
I just ate at the Tropicana location and the pastrami sandwich was amazing.  I have been to all of the best places in LA and this one is definitely comparable.  Far and away the best I have every had in Vegas.  And the owner is very friendly and cool.  I'll be back next weekend.
Best steak ever. Lovely bottle of wine (under $50) and fantastic service. Overall, great romantic date place.
In from cleveland...looking for good pizza, found raffaele's....loved it.  Great pizza and great service locked inside a dive of a strip center.
The breakfast menu is excellent.  Our group of nine was seated quickly and the service was great.  It's definitely a place I would return to for a brunch date or a special occasion.
Highly recommend anyone to go here!:) the staff is really nice and Dr.Goldman is a very good doctor and he's honest,prices are also reasonable. He saved my dog did surgery on her and I'm so thankful for his work!
I have gone here quite a few times. I like having a diner close by for breakfast and newspaper reading. But this one is always short staffed. And there doesn't seem to be much management around to smooth things out. Food is usually good but staff always seems stressed out. May be due to serving hoards of poor tipping elderly.
Probably the most pathetic place I have ever been. Bouncers think that being a bouncer is really important. Getting inside is like accomplishing absolutely nothing. Nothing to see. Nothing to do. Guys with big egos and small ....  Go somewhere else.
It took over 10 minutes to even get greeted. We watched people that sat down after us receive drinks and have an order taken before anybody showed up. Even after we had mentioned that we needed to see a server   Disappointing :( I'll go back in hopes that it was growing pains since it just opened. But.....
These guys are \"as good as it gets.\"  Super friendly, reliable, good pricing, and great service.
I went to a Culver's in Wisconsin and I remember it being yummy. We were in Peoria and drove about 20 minutes to come here only to be disappointed. Fish sandwich was blah.. the bread was not very good. maybe we should have had the butter burger?
This is not a Chinese restaurant, but rather a loud middle-aged bar that happens to serve Chinese food. Food was mediocre, service was lousy and it is not the right venue for the percussion-heavy live music they provide.
basicaly, you get what you pay for.\ni had this the night before we left and i made four bathroom trips on the way home.
This is a good Gap outlet at times.  Normally, we come out of this store empty-handed because the prices were too high.  The last couple of times, though, we have found some good bargains in there clearance section.\n\nThe store is clean and organized.  The employees are okay.
This place is good for late night asian fusion grub. enjoyed it.
The lazy river is where its at!  Grab an expensive beer and just start floating down that baby!  You might want to expect to have families and kids running around everywhere, but if you can get around that then you'll have a good time.
This place is awesome! I am so glad we came here instead. Food was great and service was awesome! Come here if u want some awesome Mexican food!
The food was great. The service was impeccable. The aquarium in the center of the restaurant is amazing.
This place is the best! I love their simplistic menu and calorie chart. Everything smells all fresh and tasty. Their tables are all configured like Subway with add-ons for the ultimate recipe. Definitely and A++
Sauce would be my favorite place for pizza! Usually come here after my workout to grow! Great amazing food! Also great workers!
I went in about a month ago with a coupon for a mani pedi for $30. The French was an extra $5... Fine whatever. They charged my $70 when I walked out the door. Not to mention it all chipped off anyway. Don't go here. They try and sell you to death.
It first started out as a great restaurant. I stopped going due to the inconsistency of the food it seems to be extremely dry. And on a personal note. I don't like employees speaking non-English where the customers can hear them.
Sliders aren't burgers patties cut in quarters. Gluten free friendly isn't just your food with key ingredients removed - burger without buns? No, thanks! This is just a rock bar with OK food. No more, no less. The service was fast and friendly.
I so wanted to love this place. We are from San Diego and we are use to Dirty Birds which have TONS of sauce options. First I was thrown off because I don't like my wings breaded. However, the size of the wings were good and my husbands chicken fingers were HUGE. I wish they had more flavors.
Not very good anymore.  The food was too salty, the green beans were so tough, and the potatoes tasted fake.  Disappointed this time.
I will definitely go back. My husband loved the pastrami, I liked the meatball sandwich, the meatballs are good, it could use a bit more sauce. \nfriendly and quick.
Just bought a new house in Avondale and Jeff came all the way out here to change y locks for me. He was on time and extremely friendly. Gave his prices straight off the bat and worked extremely quickly. Will be using him anytime I need a locksmith.
Service was awful!! The mean owner should not\nBe serving this place. He was rude and just grumpy. I love what the previous person, the owner should not be in the building! The food was excellent though, ill be back.
This new place just amazing , I was very satisfied with my food . delivery was very  fast , people very friendly . Recommend this to every one .thank you so much !
The breakfast buffet wasn't so bad.  I had lotsa scrambled eggs bacon, tator tots, hash brown, country fried chicken with gravy and biscuit...then i drank orange juice, and grapefruit juiceee mmmm...
Delicious. We ordered dinner take-out, the Tikka Masala and Aloo Ghobi, both of which were fantastic. Naan delicious as well. Priced the same as all the other Indian around. Will be going back.
Good food but I wouldn't say great.  Everything was good really nothing bad to say besides it is pricey for what you get.  I would much rather go to Red Robin and spend the same amount of money.  Lastly the chocolate malt is great
I fully agree with Amy D. --- this place SUCKS!!! Definitely the worst Indian restaurant in the valley and perhaps the states.
I am a fan because they do not price gouge.\nThe price of a cup of coffee is the same at the airport\nas it is outside at any other Starbucks.\n\nKudos to Starbucks.
I  had a call this morning from Kitty, and they have agreed to refund a good portion of our repair bill.  Thank you so much for the call and concern.  I will now recommend W J Maloney Plumbing as an A-1 company.
I don't know what they do to their granola but I seriously am addicted. I am boring and always get the original bowl because it's just that good. They have so many sweet, fruity, chocolatey options though. Their acai bowls are the best I have ever had. Freshly made and top quality
Not the best customer service, no house keeping , bathroom wasn't cleaned. Old towels. Good location but be careful if you a sensitive to cigarette smoke.  11/6/2014
It was an ok studio.
We had dinner in this restaurant . Everything was awesome! Customer service, food, life music and good Italian vine.I suggest you reserve table before coming. Very nice place!
Amazing pizza. Cute little wine, pizza place  in the middle of chains. We only had take out so that is our reason for 4 stars. Next time we will dine in!
good hotel. reasonable prices, good food options. Love the pool.
Found this place on yelp. We were 5 vegetarian people looking for good veg food and this place didn't disappoint. I had red diablo and was really good. Try their imitation meat, it's really good. Highly recommend for vegetarian food.
With all the good steak house in Vegas, I will not be returning. My Filet was over cooked & bland. Server brought me the wrong coctail twice. My sides were cold & atmosphere feels like a cafeteria.
Their drive through is hit or miss....sometimes it's super long and other times it's crazy fast.  You just never know. \nBut the coffee is consistent and the staff is friendly.
I loved this place food is good. chicken. Wing delicious whit variety of the flavor we try all  .also good price en beer
Really yummy spot my favorite rolls were Japanese Lasagne and Sams Volcano the spot is very clean and the staff very nice I would definitely return here.
I called Rick (owner) on a Monday and he was able to come out the very next day. He was extremely polite and did an excellent job. I will definitely use Carpet Monkeys again. Highly recommend!
Can't express how amazing this dinner buffet was!  Spending the same amount at another restaurant would only get you 1 dish & a glass of wine.  Here it's all gourmet, & as much as you want of whatever you want!  Awesome cheese, great crab legs freshly steamed, beautiful & delicious desserts!
I love the unlimited serve yourself chips. The portions are MASSIVE and the price is perfect. The food quality is good too, one of my new favorite Mexican restaurants here in Arizona for sure.
Cute place, but food was... meh. Portions are a bit smaller and the food seems a little catered to white people, as in not as spicy and seasoned. The beef salad was awesome but I'd shy away from the pad Thai and friend rice.
It's quite easy to make something hot.  The trick is to make it flavorful and hot.  Los Dos Molinos only knows hot.  They have no idea about flavor.  End of story.
Ok club, it's small but cheap drinks. The females are subpar but then again I'm from Los Angeles,Ca  where the women are generally above avg, so I'm biased.  The waitress is a blonde with big boobies tho, I love her
Terrible! Terrible!  Terrible!\nThe food here is absolutely horrible.\nI wouldn't feed it to my worst enemy.\nIt made me feel sick --   I definitely won't be back!
Never coming back! Serviced was not good, there was a bug in my drink and the cashier said something in her native language when my boyfriend and I walked away (my guess about the tip amount because we were not pleased with anything). DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!!!!!
Messy floors but quick waiter
Worst experience ever! Not only were the girls very rude by rolling their eyes the whole time; they accused me of stealing money that was mine! Very unprofessional salon and WE will never go back again. Please spend your money anywhere but here!!!
We have been to SOL six times in this past year. The food is good but, overpriced for the size portions served. However, the service ranges from poor to average. They have NO systems for a server to know they have a table. They really operated with a very inexperienced small staff. Not great value!
Loved the store. Very good prices. Hope to go back soon. Florida needs Winco 's I stead of those other big stores. wink wink Winco.
It's good frozen 'gurt.  They have a rotating selection of flavors.
Great food and great beer selection. I can give it that fifth star after I check out the bathroom and eat inside. The patio was cooled ceiling fans and misters. They had Mirror Pond on tap - one of my favorites! I ordered a Salmon dish that included leaks and asparagus. It was delicious!
Waiting in a physical line for food makes me feel like a fat pig going to a trough, so I do not like going here much.\n\nWhen you finally strip your shame and decide to stand in a long food line full of elders and degenerates....the food is pretty good.
Love love the pita house!!! Fresh food very authentic. Best Mediterranean on this side of town.
The service was top notch, however the food was just okay. Nothing special.
Worst customer service. Fight was cancelled, but no intimation on phone on email. At the airport, the rep behaved as if it was our mistake that we booked with United. No information provided on refunds or alternate flight and hotel arrangements. Stay away from them!
Good food, nice prices and friendly people. The place is well staffed although they could do a bit of spring cleaning, my side of the booth was littered with napkins and what not. Surprisingly they have delicious roast beef sliders.
You get what you pay for, which is not much here. The chips and salsa was great, but the entree (tacos and chimichanga) was dry and flavorless.
Closed. Sign on door said they are locked out.
I liked the food here and is the only reason i give it 2 stars... but the service was awful! the waitress was beyond rude and seemed like I was inconveniencing her at work.... HELLO! it's your job! IF i do go back I hope to get a different server...
Wow, just wow. Came here at about 10 pm. I didn't even go to any stores, the mall walk is just brilliant, There is so much to look at! The fish tank at the end is just incredible and the talking statues is one of the highlights of the mall, You can spend Hours in here just wandering around!
Small but beautiful lounge with premium drinks and a see and be seen crowd.  No disco ball or designated floor space even though the music is refreshingly dance-able.
I like this buffet. The Food is good, and for the Buffet being on the Strip its reasonable with the Players Club Card. Its not really a walk unless your lazy. You get your own drinks which is awesome. The Spread and Desserts are good.  While your there, go on a Rollercoaster ride.
The Sunset Caf\u00e9 is quite a find. The food is incredible! I would suggest the jumbo tamale or the enchiladas. That is if you can stop eating the chips and salsa. This place is a hole in the wall, but super clean with a very friendly staff.
A delightful place. Small and limited menu, but a great patio and the found is quite good. Tucked away, I'm not sure if this business will sustain, but it deserves to. Try the eggs de Madrid. We asked for fruit instead of potatoes; it was very good. We will definitely have lunch here again.
For the price I expected better food. Great service but the food was average at most. We were seated in the lounge instead the of the dinning room. Nice looking place but the steak was cold to warm.
$23.99 I had to finish wiping down the dashboard, cup holders weren't wiped out at all. Floor boards were kinda vacuumed. Rear of SUV wasn't cleaned at all but I was charged extra for the size of my vehicle. :(
Good coffee but Their unrefrigerated mayo is breeding ground for salmonella.   great place for food poisoning.
Rostias Place is the best Mexican food place in Phoenix.  They have amazing machaca and the salsa's are always great.  Sometime's the salsa's and chile are so hot I fear my stomach might explode, but in a good way. It doesn't get any better than Rosita's.
Best bagels in the valley. My favorite is smoked salmon on an Asiago bagel add capers!!\nThey are making their own bagels and the coffee is always very good.
This place has gotten much more appealing since they first opened!  The staff seems much more broken in, and I think they may have adjusted their drink prices some.  Either way, the atmosphere here is great on the weekends.  The patio is big and has a bar but the shape of it makes it just a little awkward when its busy.
Went here yesterday and was extremely disappointed. Both of the bagels that were ordered were burnt to a crisp (see posted photo). We got the bagels to go, so we didn't notice until we got home.. Really disappointed
Good food and great place to people watch once you've spent all your money gambling and/or shopping inside Caesars. Menu is constantly changing hence the inconsistency with the food but overall it's been decent.
Only thing good about this place is customer service.
One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. My go to burger joint. Great service and food. A diner done right.
Closed. RIP.
Excellent at the price point, great service, comfortable and fast. Free WiFi. Go B&M!
This place used to be excellent but the food quality has really gone down hill. Prime rib and short ribs were not tender. Pasta bar used to be better. Sushi was just OK. Dessert bar was still very good but they started running out of gelato and were limiting the portions.
Love coming here. It's mine and my boyfriend's favorite all you can eat sushi spot!
Black Rasberry Mojito!
Love it! Relaxed atmosphere, good beer, and the dog patio makes this place our go to after a long day.
Diner food done at a typical diner level.
Beware if you see Dr. Joseph K. Bivens for a consultation. I worked for Dr. Bivens in Las Vegas, NV and know first hand how he practices. He is a dishonest man. I have personally witnessed his dishonesty toward patients and staff.
IF we are anywhere close to Wickenburg we have to drive through and stop at screamers. The burgers are awesome. We've never had any mistakes and have always had good quality food. What makes this place is that the burger patties are always fresh, never frozen.
OMG.  The best authentic Mexican food.  Spicy - yes.  If you can't hang, don't go.  But it is darn good.
They're curry is really tasty which is the reason for my four stars. It would be great if they had add ons like egg, corn ect
Service was good. The server was nice but clearly didn't have much product knowledge. The food was terrible. We tried the miso ramen and to be frank instant packaged noodles taste better. The rolls were mediocre and the dumplings were soggy. I would not recommend this place.
Bomb! Best broth I've ever had! Go for supersize if you have any sort of appetite. Pork is tender juicy fatty and all around amazing. Top 10 bowls of ramen for me. Yum! Service is also great.
Food was really disappointing especially for the price. Been here before and was really happy. Seems like quality of the food has dropped. The desserts were dry and food seemed like it had been out awhile.
Came here on Christmas Day. Ordered a \"regular\" coffee, and got up sold the Reserve. Very good. Motley Crew as you'd expect. Felt bad these guys had to work on X-mas, but they didn't seem to mind.
Terribly slow service waited 45 minutes for entrees and they refused to accept yelp offer. \n\nWayne Gorsek
So today was the 4th time eating here in about a week, (I live like 25 min away)  still shocked how amazing the food is! Good job ladies!!!!
I had a quesadilla and chicken salad.  The quesadilla was okay, while the chicken salad was great.  We sat inside and the music was a bit too loud to talk with my friend.  The outside seating area looked awesome, so we should have sat there.  The server was extremely friendly and very attentive.
The worst Fills over been to. Trash was not emptied. Windshield cleaner was out.  Squeegee was old.  Terrible
****UPDATE**** this place is now closed for drinks and food trucks.  it has been converted to a local beer educational space -- whatever that means!  so DO NOT COME HERE anymore for drinks and food
Shelby cars on display. Shelby merchandise being sold. Good to visit at least once.
Been coming here since they opened.  Great restaurant run by great family.  Always packed. Very kid friendly.  I have never had a bad meal here. My favorite pizza is the grandma pizza. Just like my mom made in Italy.
This is definitely not my favorite mall in town to shop in, but if I'm in the neighborhood, I check it out. They have nice staff and on the few occasions I've been here, they have been very friendly and helpful when I'm looking for something specific.
Delicious!! Always packed, and fast service, just wish they were a bit bigger ;) lol but very very delicious!!
Do not expect much from this, just some flamingos ducks and fish. May be ducks/squirrels at my apartment are a better watch.
One star for the massive headache I got after I ate the food... MSG?  Not sure.
I love Kous Kous. Every time the food tastes better than the last. The chef and staff are great. It's nice to sit next to the 'kitchen' and watch the food being prepared.
Faithful customer for years, now. I have been visiting Phoenix from OC quite often for business as photographer and visiting friends. Just like I can't imagine not visiting In'N'Out burger joint when back home, I cannot skip my Torta sandwich in Phoenix. Check them out!
Happy Family & Special Duck!!\nAwesomely cooked veggies, 2 serving per order!! Love this place-oh and they deliver!!
Great place to hang out. The staff really cares about their patrons. Good food and talented bartenders.
McFadden's has the same redeeming qualities that an good pub should have:\n+pretty bartenders\n+beer pong\n+DJ\n+you can dance on the bar
The burgers are sloppy, the meat has almost no flavor, and whomever thought shoestring fries were a good idea needs to be slapped. I don't think that there was a single enjoyable thing to my visit here and I don't see myself ever returning. Even McDonalds seasons their meat.....
Horrible customer service,  cashier must have had a bad day. Talked ugly to customers.   Not returning to this Starbucks.   First time I had service like this.
excellent!!!
Tonight I needed a burrito fix after an extremely long night at work. Roberto's answered my need with a carne asada burrito with just beans, cheese and rice. It was super quick and super tasty. Thanks for helping me in my moment of need :)
Used to be a big fan until they cut down taxpayer trees. Food and drinks still good, but respect is out the window.  I wish them well, but lost my business. #phxfail
Went here June 20, 2013 for a quick snack before heading out to the WSOP. Waste of time and money. Pizza was gross and overpriced. The coffee I wanted to return, but we were in a hurry to get to the Rio so I kept it. Won't be coming back.
Second time dining in this establishment. First time was good second time was okay.had issues with my main course pork belly came out cold. Typically I don't send food back. But this was too cold. After getting the pork belly back it  was ok. Service was good.
Great products! I just purchased a pair of SCOJO readers and love them! Nice selection of merchandise in a fun location at the Biltmore. The guy working there was great. check it out, you'll love it!
I went to Just For You to get a wax and I was SO nervous! I saw Tamye and she made me feel so comfortable.  I was pleasantly surprised at how painless it was.  She was so amazing and I'll definitely be back.  Thank you so much Tamye!!
Only because you can't give it a half star.  Terrible employees,  dirtiest McDonald's I have ever seen.   Lousy service.
Went there for dinner on a Sat night. The hibachi is over priced for the portion size and was over cooked. Sushi was good though. If you are looking for a good sushi place I would recommend but not for the hibachi.
The ambiance of this place was more formal than lively, not what I expect from a less than average churrascaria.
Just a terrible experience. $15 for a single fries and a drink. The wait is too long because the employee has to serve at the adjoining pizza place. When I got my burger the meat was raw. Shame on Johny rickets for overpriced under cooked food!
Don't go on a rainy Saturday!\n\nNormally a good place for a treat, it failed this Saturday. They had four yogurt machines empty and all the fruit containers. We mentioned this loud enough for the staff person to hear but got no action.\n\nKeep the quality up.
It was okay... nothing that great. Although they do have alot of selections online, it was hard finding a truck in our price range at the carmax location in vegas. Theyre very helpful though and call us once a vehicle that we looked into came in stock. cant complain.
Came here to watch the end of an NBA game because there are plenty of TVs and ordered the chicken wing lollipops. The wings were poorly done. They were dry, the breading was thick, and there was barely any sauce coating the wings. I will not be back to try other items on the menu.
Really old and sketchy people. Would have been cool to see the lions if they weren't sleeping!
Archi's has a lot of awards! Constantly recognized by Zagat, I wasn't surprised when the food was excellent. Large portions, accurate spicy level across the board, but a long painful wait on a Friday night :( \n\nBe prepared to take home leftovers!
this place has great food and great variety
It's not quick never quick, in the beginning the staff are rude and don't care but after awhile of seeing your face they open up and even recognize your voice over the phone. The place is too small and they need more works, beds, and equipment.
Go somewhere else.  The food is very over priced and tastes terrible. The presentation/plating is well done but otherwise is a complete miss.
The staff are really great at Cabela's.  They provide some of the best customer service I have ever received and go out of their way to be helpful.  If you need anything for your outdoor lifestyle, this is the place you will find it.
Excellent curry, quality of meat was a bit below average (dark meat chicken pieces, somewhat gristly).  Slow service as well, and restaurant seemed a bit dirty.  Upgrade the quality of the meat and clean the bathrooms and tablecloths, and this would be a winner.
Brunch food is great. The rosemary hollandaise sauce made the omelet special. \n\nIf you have to sit at the bar while waiting for a table though, they charge you full price for bloodys.
Nothing to complain about.  The \"perfectly grilled salmon\" was actually perfectly grilled.  Great service.  It's just not a 4-5 star restaurant.
Great place to visit, free admission, epic cars. Love the cafe on the second floor, check out beautiful views with good food!
I am so dissappointed that PF Changs has removed the Salt & Pepper Prawns from the menu. My husband and I went there specifically  for this entree'. Too bad..... Not sure if we will return. We usually order the orange chicken with the shrimp. I guess we can get orange chicken anywhere.
Our server was awesome, very nice girl and incredible helpful because I am terribley indecisive. The food was good and we didnt have to wait for the check. all in all a good experience.
Truly amazing pizza. I was going to post a picture, but I ate the pie too fast. It was one of the best pizzas I've ever had, and I'm a Jersey pizza snob, so that's saying a lot. Wonderful.
This place was busy and the service was good, our counter person was good at what he does. He knows the product and how to sell it. We took our goodies back to our room. Everything I had was excellent. The items price wise are in line with the hotels on the strip pastry shops. I would go back again.
I've been taking my family & friends here for over twenty years. Authentic food that hasn't changed. Quality control is very high. It's great every time we go.
Been ordering 20 inch pizzas from here every thursday for that great deal they have, and it's fast and easy.  Though sometimes you get mixed results (sometimes it's well done, sometimes it's a little doughy) overall it's solid pizza for the price.  Good to share among my triple room.
Still the only place in the world I have been where I can get hot milk tea infused with red bean and mung bean flavor. Heaven
Centrally located bar, very nice pools, very friendly staff, oddly tiny spas. The day we were there wasn't that crowded, which was all the more relaxing as the cool desert wind blew through my chest hair.
My wife and I went to Americas today and had the special....a bean and cheese burito and a taco.  We both like the food but found it not exceptional and while good, we went away still hungry
This one sucks because its a franchise and everything is more expensive.:)
Stir Crazy's food is very good. We had the Las Vegas BBQ option on the menu and every single item that came with it was excellent. It was plenty of good for us two, but people who eat a bit more might want to order a few ale cart options.
No no no.... Service is sencond... But the food... Its beyond nasty only consumed 15% of the meal.. not just me but the whole table.. just nasty... Wouldn't come back even they treat us for free best thing on the table was my diet coke
it's good--but definitely not as good as boiling crab. plus maybe it was just the waitress we had but service really sucked and our waitress gave us attitude and kept messing up our order.
Attention all meat eaters! This place is phenomenal. We've been here half a dozen times since it opened. We haven't had anything bad. Excellent service. Finger licking food. Best brats in Arizona. We can't wait for it to cool off and sit on their extensive patio! A+
Horrible rip off. Don't waste your time. Brought my 7 yr old son and people were so rude and misleading!
Best surf and turf I've had.  Blue crab stuffed lobster was perfect.  Filet was good, although I would have preferred a bone-in.  As expected in Vegas, top-notch.
Lemongrass ginger green tea is fabulous!  I got a plate with a little bit of everything!  The vegetable salad and hummus were particularly delicious. Very friendly service from Jon! I'll be back!
I love grazing in Costco on occasion. Oh and the products, parking, prices are good too. I do not buy their cheap gas. My Truck deserves better.
Terrible customer service,small boutique style salon trying to pull off massages in a make shift closet
Changed the hours on me. Wouldn't have been so painful if he hadn't locked the door in my face at 6:02. CONSISTENCY is key.
Aberdeen Angus Rare Roast Beef, Wild Venison Haggis, Brie De Meaux, Chicken Liver Pate, and fresh crunchy crusty bread -- now that's what I call an absolutely perfect Saturday afternoon meal... Oh, if only I lived closer to this little bit of heaven!
We love this place!! Ji the owner is one of the nicest people and Ellen and staff are superb. We probably spend to much time here but we think between having the best sushi and the best staff in Vegas you can't loose! Not expensive either. They make you feel part of a family not a customer! Five star for sure.
Oh i wish the distance from OC to Vegas is 30 minutes so that  I can eat here every other day.... Why why why can't we have a place like this somewhere in OC???
Geez this place keeps going downhill every time I show up.  You would think with new buffets popping up, they would step their game up.  Nah....\n\nWe only came here because we wanted to do a buffet and we were staying at Rio.  The food was ridiculously basic and pretty cold.
Small restaurant that was surprisingly busy. Service was OK but they ran out of clean water glasses for a little while. Wine comes in huge goblets that look kind of comical. Food itself was good, very thin crust pizza. Would eat here again.
Luxurious as  a YMCA in the 80's. Pool has low water level and too warm. Shower backed up. \nObviously I am motivated to get a workout in spite of the grunge.
We enjoyed our food, and the atmosphere. You definitely pay for the atmosphere. But it was quiet and relaxing. We enjoyed our meal.
We ventured in last weekend and had a great meal and some good Italian beer. Loved the food. We ordered several Pizzas and a pasta dish. Everyone was fully satisfied. Every thing was delicious and we will definitely be going back. The servers were great and very personable.
An older theater that's keeping up with the new kids! Comfy, reserved seats with food service with a smile without the astronomical cost found at other luxury theaters. Food was pretty good, or with the great location, you could just go for the show and scope out one of the many nearby restaurants.
The location is nice and decent atmosphere. Great place to do the people watching thing, ha! The food is o.k., not great and not bad!! It gets pretty crowded on Friday or saturday night. They have a convenient window to do your take-out orders in the other building.
It's so whack! Can't drink out there until 2 or, something. Smh. Way too simple on top of the fact that you have to wait until the end of the day to do anything.
yay! love this place. ive been coming here for years. its always very clean & pleasant employees. Great monthly deals if you sign a year contract.
Maybe I'm totally a Grinch in the morning... but I almost try to avoid this place because of the forced awkward \"friendly\" but seemingly phony conversation from the employees. It's just TOO much lol. Coffee is alright... I will probably head to Starbucks over Dutch Bros :(
The wait was a few mins,there wasnt that many selection food was not that great, great desserts selection,the only part was great was the servers which cleared the plates off reallyquick. Would not recommened anyone coming here. Paid $60 for 2 people so not worth it!!
Amazing therapy, very home like feel in the office. the Dr. Is great and the massage therapists really know what they're doing! Always feeling rejuvenated when I leave :)
Atmosphere- childlike.  Service- awful. Food was okay. Drinks were eh! The hostesses were arguing about something when we walked in...very unprofessional. ...don't waste your time
Never again we left something in our room and it came up missing. I will keep you posted if it is found!!!!!!
This place is awesome and Gabby did a great job giving me the best haircut of my life!  Pay the extra few bucks to go here rather than get a sub par cut someplace else! Well worth it!
3.5 stars.  Good, authentic cantonese cuisine while in Vegas when you're tired of all the usual casino buffets...
Excellent fish! Three if us had Ono sandwich, fish tacos and fish and chips. Small venue with walk-up ordering. Everything is surf boards with a definite Hawaiian feel! The staff are helpful and good wonderful!
LOVE THIS PLACE!   Nazy does an excellent job.  I have been to many different eye brow threading places, from D.C. to FL, and nothing tops this place in NC.  My eyebrows turn out perfect EVERY SINGLE TIME!  :)
silver clouds...amazing. \n\nsmall, intimate museum....but amazing.\n\nshows held in lobby....amazing.\n\na sure stop if youre in pittsburgh.
Seems like the service has gone down a bit. The baristas are very personable but I choose to go to Ann & El Camino for a more consistent drink that's worth the price
Pretty good ramen but I wouldn't say it was the best. They have three different kinds of miso ramen (white, bean, rice) and it was pretty pricey for a regular ramen. They do have free wifi, which was awesome and the waiters were very friendly. I might come back.. Maybe.
The food was good but service was questionable. Found a hair in my hot dog and the manager asked me what should he do and lied about not having someone with long hair. I ordered dessert and a worker with long hair brought my dessert out. The manager offered $5 in cash on my $60 bill. Never coming back
eating the Devil Dog is no easy task.  Its a pound hot dog with a huge bun and its so delicious. If you finish it you get a free tee shirt.
Excellent lunch place. Reasonable prices and the food was flavorful and delicious. Would definitely go back
Every time I've been here I always see multiple health code violations. The French fries are pretty good but the Reuben made me very ill.
A classic pizza parlor (it was even featured in Life Magazine) that serves up some of the best slices of pizza I've had.  Yes, you'll want to dab off some of the grease with a napkin, but the crust is perfection and the sauce has a wonderful, gentle spicy kick.
Ok food but they do have drink specials which gives it a higher rating.  Plus there is outdoor seating.
Over priced food, poor customer service.\nOwner is VERY rude & inconsiderate!!
Dinning at e is one of the greatest experience in my life. It was more like a cooking show to me. Every dish was very elegant and interesting. There were full of surprises during this 2 hours show. I can't wait to come back to try their winter truffle menu!!!
Poor hostess reception. Very slow seating when place nearly empty. Breakfast was ok but no offer to refill coffee cup.
One of the coolest grocery stores I've ever seen. Between a variety of self-service bars and posting how many food miles the items are, this location is definitely ahead of the curve with grocery stores, without charging out the wazoo like Whole Foods.
Pretty solid bar, but I really didn't get the hype over the food. It was good, in the way that anything with friend food stuffed into a sandwich would be good, but they really need to step up the flavor on the meat that they serve. \n\nGreat service though.
Family friendly resort......kind of far to get to the strip. Pretty sure the valet stole my sunglasses.....my fault for leaving it in the car.....ugh!
This place is so amazing, laid back private rooms. Love the lighting. I really feel like I'm in the studio. Great drinks prices
Food was good. We sat on the patio and it\nWas cold. Service was very very very slow. Steak and shrimp was really good. Salmon was very good too
I can honestly say that I think I would have done a better job in that kitchen if you grabbed me off the street, blindfolded me and threw me in there. The \"cook\" had no clue what they were doing, they need to choose another career path.
Love this place. My daughter loves it as well. It gets a bit crowded and loud and yes, parking can be a hassle, but well worth the yummy and delicious yogurt. \n\nWe are fans and will continue to come back!
UPDATE\n\nThe management at Oregano's reached out to me for additional info and has assured me they've addressed the problem with the staff.  I'm hopeful my next visit will be more pleasant and not involve awkward self-disclosures by the staff.
It was ok. I went for weekday brunch and Wynn paid half of the meal. There was nothing terrible and nothing exceptional. If you have a sweet tooth, I think wicked spoon has better selections.
Beers r just okay for a micro brewery and prices r on high side.  Service was good and friendly staff.  Great potential but just not there yet.
I tried this place based solely on the reviews. Turns out the food was delicious, and the prices are more than reasonable. I paid $8.50 and ended up with enough food to feed three people! I will become a repeat customer, for sure.
Locale is clean, staff is friendly. Had the classic chicken, smash fries and lemon herb tea. Food is good, price is reasonable. Had a good lunch.
The boubo tea....is soso,but the food is ok... i dont want go back again..
best downtown hotel!...great hosts..host Jason very helpful!
They have pretty good drinks like the margarita and sangria. I would say that this is typical Arizona Mexican that splits the difference between Tex Mex and  southwest Mexican food with lots of cheese and sour cream. The atmosphere is ok, it's like the Latino version of Chilis.
This place has great sushi for a good price. Great selection of wine. Best crab rangoons anywhere! I recommend the hory fook roll.
This place is very good customer service the cooks well well done cooking the food very nice place to eat and bring me to and very close to the hotel
An $8 grande soy vanilla latte is INSANE. \nI understand the need to make a profit and the space is beautiful, but the prices are exorbitant.
Ok oil got changed and the one guy seemed friendly but while I was there the manager(?)was writing someone up and fbombs were flying and the other employee was yelling.... I won't go back
Surcharge on card transactions under $5. Was given a pastry that was somehow dry and frozen solid at the same time. Didn't order coffee because the choices are pretty boring. I love a good non-Starbucks joint, but this isn't it.
The baked lobster rolls was amazing! We really liked everything we tried. Great food, great view. Service was a bit slow. They took a while to come by when we wanted to order more food. The view to the Strip was awesome.
I ordered flowers from here online.  There were never delivered.  I called them for two days during posted hours, no answer to the phones - no answering machine - nothing.  I tried to email, no reply.  I had to call my credit card company to reverse any charges.  Now I'm getting SPAM from them every OTHER day!
Best subs ever.
Went for the $10.99 lunch buffet, and it was fairly tasty. The selection is 3X that of most Indian buffets, with decent quality and decent spice on the meat dishes, although the chicken tandoori was dry. Not as flavorful as smaller places I've been to, but not bad.
Stopped by for happy hour, and a great quick meal of the Cal Italia pizza and the meatball appetizer. Great food all around at great prices.
Fantastic crepes, friendly place.
I've been here about 6 times and am very pleased. They seem knowledgable and are fair priced.
Worst service I have ever had in Las Vegas. Nachos are good but not worth te extremely bad service or the mediocre house margaritas. Would not suggest anyone go here. TERRIBLE SERVICE!
This place is awesome! I'm sitting down for lunch with my mom. Delicious delicious delicious! And they deliver for breakfast lunch and dinner! Can't wait to eat here again. Their homemade lemonade is great. The Southwest salad is delicious! Great place to go for lunch! Enjoy!
Love here coffee and there customer service!
Not a very nice room for 4-stars.  More like 3.5  FEES.... I booked the room through priceline and got what I thought was a good deal.  When I arrived the hotel added a $22 'resort fee' to my credit card.  What a Scam.
If you're looking for decent Pho at a place that's consistent this is the place for you. I Always get the white chicken Pho with spring rolls or the fried rolls. I'm sure they use MSG, but haven't found a place yet that doesn't. Good overall and close to the strip for you tourists.
Tucked into ye olde Litchfield Park is one of the best sushi joints in the valley that has not only the freshest fish but the most excellent chef .
Meh. I feel bad writing a bad review of a locally owned business.  But, the cupcakes just weren't very good - especially when you're paying premium price for cupcakes - one expects something amazing.  I would've been better off just buying cupcakes from Costco.
Matt is a cool guy! lots of japanese imports! price of wall stuff is closer to ebay than reality but he is reasonable and willing to make a deal. Good to see a new shop.
Food, service and atmosphere were excellent. I don't ever post reviews but couldn't believe this place didn't have a higher rating.
overall this place gets 3 stars due to the lack of customer service but great ass Filipino food in Vegas !
Listen to all the one star reviews. This service is a terrible, if not an outright scam. They demanded cash up front, got angry at us for no reason, then almost refused to drive some of us back to our hotel. Avoid them at all costs.
You gotta get the fries animal style.
Great location for people watching and to escape. Great place for family activities, basketball, volleyball, grilling and picnic dates. The part is the locaiton of the Juneteenth Festival in Charlotte which is a huge event every year full of Afro-Caribberan vendors, art, etc.
So fun every time. I'm not cool but my friends are, so we've always gotten in right away and drink tickets for the ladies. Which we've never had to use HA there are some very generous/naive (or both) men here but I guess it's the same as any club.
Contact Groupon, they may be able to refund your money since you were unhappy. They stated it's part of their policy!!
I like the bean dip. The salsa was decent.\n\nI had the Chile Colorado burrito, chimichanga style.\n\nDelicious.\n\nI went with friends. It's not really my neighborhood, but if invited, I would return.
Just an all around great show! The water, the stage, the performers... Left us speechless for hours! We still talk about this show months after attending!
Had a great experience at Grimaldis before catching a movie.  Pizza was excellent and the toppings were obviously fresh and of the highest quality.  Wine is reasonably priced, though the server did not have much knowledge of the selection.  We will definitely be back.
Yummy!!!!    Very good.   Wow, calzone personal can feed two.   :)
This is the best place to watch theater in the Valley. No such thing as a bad seat. Acoustics are excellent. Small enough to feel intimate but big enough to not be confused with your neighbor's basement. I've enjoyed every performance I've seen here.
Great staff the stylists have all been there along time and are great with color and cuts.
I like this library, not all of them are quite. This one has a lot of information, or they will find it and transfer to to any University Library in University Library. Nice and clean in a nice area.
A good mall, with higher-end stores and a pretty comprehensive food court, and tons of parking. Can't complain about much here, except for the geography. Getting in and out of Rockland can be a royal pain during rush hour because of its location. If you can shop in off-peak hours, you'll like it here.
My go to place to binge study and eat breakfast sandwiches at all hours of the night! Miss ya Amelie's! Now that I don't live near Charlotte I realize how much I took this little gem for granted.
Based on the previous reviews i was super excited to eat here. However i was a bit disapointed. Fried chicken was kind of bland but nice and juicy and the fried catfish was kind of soggy. Mac and cheese and greens were very good. Service was slow.
ewww.  didn't like this place.  the neighborhood was iffy and i was scared to leave the hotel after dark.  the room was dated but clean.  won't be back.
Great place - Tracy is the Best!!!
Terrible service.  After we received our food, our waiter never came back to the table.  We had to ask another waiter to get us our bill.  No drink refills, no \"how is your food\", nothing.  Never coming here again.
Treat you like it is studio  54. If you are not someone, don't expect to get on the roof on sat.
Poor service. Waited at the hostess stand while there were employees staring at us. Finally got moved to the bar because they said the patio did not open for another 10 minutes but they had already started food service. She was like oops. Service was slow and tasted like frozen food. Overall horrible experience.
Tammi does a great job. She is very personable and professional. She listens to what you want. Very caring and dedicated to her work.
UGHHHHHH why can't Vegas figure out how to make ramen. Nothing stood out about JINYA and the chashu in my bowl was cold. Not that I particularly love the other ramen shops in Vegas, but I do prefer them over JINYA.
B/C I can get to this airport using public transportation ill give it 4 stars, b/c i got a ticket from picking up my luggage for 5 seconds because it came in late and i got a ticket -2 and i was about to get towed in less than 5 mins i hate this place lol!!
Top notch service every time!\nThis is the only salon I will go to. Very clean and very friendly staff. Ask for Andy, he's my favorite.  He's great all around. Personable and very skillful.
Although not the least expensive sandwich on the planet.. Ik'e s is up there with best I have ever had.. The bread is fantastic, and the combination of ingredients are ingenious.
I'm so glad that we found this place.  I've only had rolls and I highly recommend them. Prices are fair and the lunch special can't be beat, but it's great for dinner as well.  Special shout out to Gary, a great waiter!
Best fast food Japanese in Arizona - period. Take a look at the locals, we've been going there for 20 years.\nTip - add on a small side salad for 25 cents
Oh my god!!!! I never know their is stake house can have this good ribeye for just 30 dollars!! On top or that som of the wine is only $ 4.50 per class!! I love this place!! U got to have the king ribeye!!
RIP.  Closed for good!
It's a good service, but bare bones treatment. No heating pads, no ultrasound,  no massage. Good adjustments,  but only that.
Pretty lame and it's annoying they've made transportation a racket. Bus, train anyone? Since when is a ride share MORE expensive than a taxi? Only in Vegas...\n\nNo good food options to boot. Ugh.
Great to spend a couple of hours with family, ,kids love chasing the chickens they charge 20 dollars per family, includes 1 pumpkin, and 1 Hay ride, pony rides are extra 5 bucks. additional pumpkins are 7dls.  there are lots of dust here so dont come dress fancy.
Local tout petit, discret, pourrait presque passer inaper\u00e7u de l'ext\u00e9rieur. Dommage parce que leurs g\u00e2teaux vlent le d\u00e9tour
Brought my family here yesterday.  The food is good but the service is terrible.  Please do not come here and expect good service.
Actually I would give STK zero stars if I could. This place sucks.  Nothing more I can say.
A true gem for PHX and the west valley area. The owner provides an intimate experience and isn't afraid to offer insight on the best way to partake of the dishes. All the food was absolutely fantastic!
Best pizza I've ever had! Thin crust, cheese Is amazing! Service was so great! My mouth is watering just talking about it. Good  for kids too. Hubby loved the devils paddle ale beer. They only have pizza and calzones but pizza alone is worth it!
Use to be a great little spot.  Not so much anymore.  No more $1 budlights.
Bring a book to read while you wait for your food to come. A pillow might come in handy also.
These guys are super cool. Fast and friendly, and my dog wants it noted they give out awesome dog treats to dogs, whtether they are behaving or not.
Great pizza, and the only pizza place I also like to order wings from. Expect leftovers, since their pies essentially come in big, bigger and crazy huge. My husband and I order the \"small\" for the two of us, and always have leftovers.
Buy 1 get 2nd 50% off entire store great deal. The staff is very nice and acknowledges you when you walk in. They have band t-shirts, goth attire, albums and sometimes we can find Nightmare Before Christmas items too. Though we did not find anything this time, we will be back.
The only reason why I didn't give this 5 stars is because it's expensive. Otherwise, it was great. I wanted to try something new and I decided in getting a gel manicure. Mila was a great employee. She was gentle and informative. She deserves a 5. My nails came out great.
Super friendly service, amazing donuts, very inexpensively priced, often fresh, OPEN ALL NIGHT! BEST. I want to die here,be cremated, and have my ashes sprinkled on a coffee one.
Have been going there with my wife since it opened. Fortunately we have been lucky with quality and service every time we ate there. Summertime you can seat outside and it is very cosy.
I got the wings. Great Sauce. Crispy Wings. The only let down was the price. $14 for a dozen wings seems a little steep. Thats like Room Service Prices.
Good hike, great cardio... Parking could be a lot better\n\nOne downside... Change the name back. This is called Squaw Peak. The fact that the name was changed is ridiculous.
I have never seen so much candy under one roof.  I must admitt when it opened I never thought it would last but there must be more sweet lovers than i thought.
Best Sushi in town!\nAbsolut empfehlenswert. Leckeres, frisches Sushi. Und noch dazu preislich absolut in Ordnung.
Yuck.  Go to Maestro's instead, it's the real deal.
i actually visited their booth at BITE of Las Vegas and bought a Red Velvet Cupcake $3. It was great. HUGE and very moist and tasty. I will have to visit their location.
Good food. Great service. Fair prices.
Good brunch. I'd probably choose like 10 places downtown before going out to the west side though. The bacon is great and the staff is nice.
I was just there a week ago and stopped in on the way home for a last run. Thin had some of the best times i have had. Great place to play. Updated casino.\n\nLove this place..
My first experience at Vintage was on Valentine's Day and sat outside on patio by the fire. Very classy and they have an amazing Sangria. Most Saturday nights they have one of my fav local singers, Sarah, she is a great performer. This is a great place for a date night or a chill place for friends to meet.
I like this place. It has some decent fast Mexican food. The chicken is delicious. I do love the greasey foods when the craving calls for it. I recommend the Asada Platter or the Achiote Chicken Salad. That is my absolute favorite. And don't skip on the Churros.
Great home cooked meals.  Chicken sandwiches and Homemade Meatloaf are excellent!  Service was great also.  Would highly recommend!
So after the 4th visit I am still hooked.  The orange is the best!!!  I did get a cookies and cream for a friend and it received rave reviews too!!!  Seriously, I need to cut back.  Maybe I should limit myself to once or twice a week cupcake visits
10 years ago my \"future\" husband surprised me with a trip to Mt Horeb mustard museum.  Today we reminisced at new location and went home with our taste buds enlightened and our hearts happy!!  Thank you for another fun tasting experience!
Thanks for the five star help from the classy beautiful women behind the counter! And we love those black and whites...Yum! YOU better stop by!\n -the Weber girls
Save yourself time and money: go for a St Hubert. Food's better and less expensive.
The diver scallops were delicious and the mussels were awesome! The service was terrible! The atmosphere is great, but our waiter sucked! He was rude and lazy! I went there for my friend's 40th bday and the server became flustered and nasty by the end of the party!
Place is a rip off beware do not take your business to them terrible customer service absolutely deplorable
I heard about this place through a friend and let me tell you, nothing is better than a freshly made pizza. Don't be lazy and get Pizza Hut! The location is great. Service was fast. Would definitely come back again.
good place to grab a cheap breakfast sandwhich and coffee if you do not want to spend a fortune on breakfast. Kind of an algternative to starbucks but with breakfast sandwiches. Husband had matzaball soup and said it was good.
i love this place. i can always spent all my money here on something.  they have great sales racks, but also reasonable clothes not on sale too. the atmosphere is always chill and the people working are super friendly. Also if you get bored of shopping for clothes, they have random stuff like board games and books you can buy.
Nice little Mexican food spot, friendly staff and clean inside. The place is bigger then it looks from the outside. I eat here at least once a week and it's always good food. I get the menudo soup once a week and it's like homemade soup to me. Try it next time ur in the area
Love love love their food it's amazing!!! Great food and costumer service is excellent you won't be disappointed!!!!
I was thinking to go this restaurant from long time at last I did dine in last night & we didn't like their food pls don't waste your money..
By far the best burger in San Tan Valley.. And it comes out of a gas station. Never a bad experience.. Well worth the 6.50.
Lots of different shops to explore but building is an eyesore and could do to be re-developed in near future , great city centre location at top of Princess Street.
Not the best Pho but after a night of drinking in Vegas anything goes.\n\nThey have some extra fat egg-rolls, definitely gay-friendly.\n\nCoconut juice in real coconut. A+
Great food. Nachos are plain but the haggis is great.
They seem to have sacrificed customer service completely. You have to check in at a kiosk pay $25.00 for the baggage fee . There CSR always seem to be rude. I believe they are missing out by not having great customer service. They are at best below average.
The units come pre-equiped with pets \"Roaches\". Stay away if you don't want to get shot!
I would say this is the second best buffet in las vegas. BELLAGIO is my favorite because of the chilian seabass. STUDIO buffet has the best prime rib though.
I think the burgers taste pretty good, and the egg bun makes it special. The fries are super greasy and overcooked though.
The Best New York Style deli in Las Vegas!!!
Not bad, I usually leave pretty happy and full.
Great burgers, excellent onion rings, fabulous milkshakes. We go here whenever we're in the mood for a burger.
Tried it twice. Terrible wrap. Worst 15$ burger I ever had. In fact worst burger at any price.
This place is hard to rate. Service started out slow..got a different waiter and the service got better. This place seem to lack staff. Food was good
AHmazing! Absolutely love this place :) and they are so sweet and friendly here!! Salty caramel is my favorite!
Sensational and Orgasmic! Mark made me feel so relaxed with his magic hands. Ask for him ladies when you go in.
The staff here is great, but the layout is a bit odd. Ladies literally freeze their asses off in the winter just to pee! Small intimate venue, i do like that it has two different bars, and music genres.
We love being part of the Emerald club. Debbie was great. Our goto car rental location.
Great and fast service, excellent beef tips and fried pickles!
Got there ten minutes early to the reservation and proceeded to wait 40 minutes to be seated. Left.
Bad Food. Bad Bad Food.
Really good food & friendly service. I had a beet salad that was awesome and a pretty good burger. I would recommend this place
The only place I feel it's acceptable to have a drink...or more at an airport.
It smells like cigarettes. If I didn't know better I'd think I was at the Four Queens.
Excellent service, reasonable prices, very tasty food, great portions. There's nothing not to like about this place. It's a greasy spoon, but that's what you expect. Drunk food at its finest.
Super-friendly staff. Actually that's the main reason I go here. They can be more expensive than the big-box stores, but it feels more local and personal and I can almost always find exactly what I need without having to walk for miles at Home Depot. Did I mention how helpful they are?
DO NOT get the wanton soup or anything wanton for that matter. One order of wanton soup comes with 4 pieces of wanton. Each wanton was 98% wrapper 2% meat. Total rip off!! Worst wanton in my life!
Asked the woman what a kaiser roll was and she looked at me and said, \"Bread.\" Really? Good food, no-go on the customer service.
MISLEADING AND OVER PRICED BILL AT THE END!!! !!! Be aware of the misleading server offering the \"special.\" Restaurant owner is aware of the situation. Please read the previous reviews from people with the same experience... they go back for months. Obviously not a coincidence.
Love this joint. Best breakfast for the buck. BnB Breakfast aNd Beer. Love the staff. Yay tacos.
Andrew's is usually very good.  The steaks are great.  However, while I realize that Pittsburghers aren't great \"foodies,\" some of us transplants know the difference between fennel and celery.  Great way to cut costs, but a real cheat.  Tsk, tsk!
This place okay.  Just okay.  Not the best, but far from the worst.  It's nthing fancy, nor even memorable.  Just good food, and good prices.  For a quicl meal, it's average.  Nothing to write home about.
Terribly disorganized!!  I have never seen an airport restaurant so poorly run.  Waiters don't know who's covering which table and they are all overwhelmed.  Food?  Who cares, it's a nightmare trying to get an order placed and food to your table.
D\u00f6ner und Pizza essbar aber nicht schmackhaft. Um die Mittagszeit dauert es teils recht lange. Die wenigen Sitzpl\u00e4tze sind unbequem, der Laden sehr eng.
A group of 4 of us ate here on Sunday 2/16. I really want to like this place. The food was good. The service, however, was quite poor. The service was slow and disjointed and our waiter seemed unsure of everything he was doing.
One of our favorites. Can't beat happy hour. Service is always good and food is great.
The customer service was top. Taylor helped at the juice counter & answered all my questions (believe me-I got a million!). Kevin helped my husband with a rebuild on a tank he purchased. We left happy & satisfied customers!  Next time in town, we'll take the drive to visit again. Thanks Vapeco!
I agree with some of the other posters lately it seems like they are giving me a lot more fries and a lot less chicken.  Anyway the food is always good.
Great karaoke DJ Frankie Almost!!!
Rough crowd to say the least.
Whors Place ever... Really bad Food and the lighting is way too low I can't even see my damn so called food. What are they trying to hide with the bad lighting?
My son went for a b day party for his friend.  He was so happy and had such a great time. Staff was friendly and very helpful
Came in with 15% off coupon & would not honor for takeout. Coupon didn't state that restriction. Management made a bad call... Great burger joint that has lost my business.
Ruth Chris, you have nothing to worry about when it comes to steaks. Good sides, great cocktails, unbelievable service at Dominic's.
while the food was okay (good - but not worth the price), but the service was absolutely terrible.  maybe it was just a bad waiter... but this guy should never have been let on the floor.   the environment was just okay -- nothing really special.  save your money and go anywhere else
Bad nachos for $14, $3 upcharge for salsa?  Bitter slice of 2 old day lime ruined my XX.  Burnt out servers, pretty much the worst Mex food i have experienced in years.  Bla.
Video poker, topless dancers, 7 am to 7pm happy hour, the DJ is amazing, best party location in Vegas...enough said
You can't beat $4.99 steak and eggs cooked just as you would like it. Come right after you go out - no wait, quick and friendly service, and BUTTERY toast. Seriously... $4.99. Yesss!
Phenomenal. Great service, great food, good price. No idea how they get chicken to taste that good.
Been here a few time the food and customer service are always consistent. Had Chris as a server recently took good care of us. But I Dislike there new valet service. If you choose not to use it you have to park on the street. Guess they don't want you imposing on their tips
Slow as molasses and got my order wrong. I ordered one iced coffee with sugar-free vanilla. How do you mess that up? I was the only customer in the drive through and it wasn't busy inside. No excuse for the incompetence. After reading the other reviews, they just don't care here apparently.
I have been to Thirsty Lion 5 or 6 times.  I have had good and bad experiences with wait staff.  Their food is actually pretty good.  The environment is great.  I'd go back, but wouldn't rave to friends.
Another too loud crowded tragically hip restaurant peddling average sushi at an above average price.  Next.
The summerlin location is better. It seems like the cookies in summerlin are fresher, it's probably because they're a lot busier. No the less I prefer warm, soft cookies and these cookies were hard as a rock
I've been pricing out tires for quite awhile and fletchers was the cheapest by about $400 including installation.  Ordered the tires Friday morning and by Saturday afternoon I already had them installed. Awesome place!
This place was amazing. Great service, perfect timing of all courses, the 12 ounce filet was easily some of the highest quality meat I've ever come across while being perfectly cooked and the lemon cake (made fresh in house everyday) was the perfect end. Will return soon with a smile on my face.
Yucky I didn't think the food was very tasteful and it was overpriced.
The night I came here, the fish just seemed old.\nAnd stinky.\nAnd it tasted bad.\n\nI will not return to eat.  Maybe to drink, but definitely not to eat.
Great brunch menu...good portion sizes, yummy bakery treats and a great latte.  I look forward to trying other menu items in the bear future!
Our food was good, but the service is painfully slow. It took 20 minutes after being seated before the waitress even took our food order, and then an additional half hour before the food made it to the table. I realize it isn't fast food, but that's just painful and not worth the wait.
Took an hour to get an order of over Cooke eggs.
I was debating on what to eat and decided to come here. Ordered the honey chicken for lunch and thought it was alright. The customer service was good and even offered water for me waiting. The vibe of the restaurant seems quiet and nice. I think the place is worth a try to those craving some chinese.
I dont know if this girl was new or what but my sons hair is not long wanted a simple fade boys haircut it took her 50 minutes geeeeez the place was nice but she took way long
Best movers ever. Very careful with antiques and very trustworthy. I would use them every time.
Love this place, ordered a large italian, and a large steak and cheese. Very nice and fresh, hot and spicy. \n\nLittle pricy but worth the money in my opinion,.\n\nOrder it for pick up. It was ready on time and good to go.
50% only on white dot items. If not marked, full price??? With the store closing at the end of the year, why not have everything on sale.
Beautiful park nestle in the heart of northern Las Vegas.  It's a great place for families to enjoy nature, walking, bicycling and playing on the man-made playground.  Very serene atmosphere.
Italian ice was amazing. I can do without the ice cream on the top. I literally scooped it off and tossed it on the side of the road.
If a dive bar and an ice rink had a baby it would be Oceanside. The people are friendly the ice is good. I can't speak for the mite leagues or club hockey but the Adult D league is well organized and compared to other leagues a good value.
Ordered delivery . Thought it was a bit weird that the chicken was dark meat . (cost extra for white ) I asked for the dish extra spicy and it actually was the perfect for me. It may have just been this dish specifically so I may give it another try, just order something different.
There's only one reason to come here. Alcohol and sports. The rest is marginal to poor. Its too bad. Its a good place to hang. If they could step up the food a bit and especially improve the insincere and unfriendly wait staff.
Pushy salesmen ate totally clues of any product or even what they carry.  Prices are just plain retail.  Not consumer friendly or helpful
We got these donuts and coffee for our house work day.\nIt was fantastic. I loved the one filled with cream. Definitely get a dozen and one of each..  I cant choose a favorite but getting this for our sunday was the best idea we had...
This place used to be one of my favorite places, unfortunately their food is no longer what it used to be. I don't think I'll ever go back.
one of three tables in the resturaunt. waited ten minutes no service at all not even a drink order.  When we went to leave the bartender-waitress told us to not let the door hit us on the way out. yepppp wont be back ever..
This was a very pretty Indian restaurant in a not SO good location.  The food was good, as was the service.  However the portions were extremely small and the prices were high for what we got. \n\nOur recommendation for Indian is Mount Everest.  Good portions, quality, service  and the right price for us!
I like their hibachi chicken bento lunches. The sushi is decent as well.
Not what we expected. Their most\nPopular chicken dish was super dry and just not that good. Sorry Chino Bandido fans, we won't be back and I wish I could get my $20 back.
This place is always busy. Worth the wait though. Food is good and the portions are huge. You may want to consider sharing a meal. They have the best pizza in the area. I'm from Chicago and this is the closest I've found so far.
Great place, interesting space. Would love to see some big names but still fun and affordable!
Great food, great atmosphere, good service .....
This is miss-plotted. The only thing you'll find here are some residential homes. Coffee talk is now known as the bungalow and it's another five blocks to the south.
my roommate and i always come to this Roberto's because it appeared to be the nicest of all of them but unfortunately we both got a bad case of food poisoning after ordering the 3 rolled tacos. almost immediately did we begin to feel ill and it lasted 3 days after that. Just thought id share my experience! Be careful people!
Choix exceptionnel de fromages italiens, j'adore leur mortadelle, leur prosciotto
Horrible service!!!!!  When they make a mistake, they just keep blaming my wife and fighting, instead of fixing it. Also had a hair in my wife's last take out order.
I ordered a sizzler. It came 30 min late and it was cold and undercooked. Horrible service. Will never go here again.
Hmm. I didn't find it as deadly as Steven G. But it wasn't anything that I would ever talk about. They had a lot to choose from. Nothing really stood out. Accept for the pink flamingo's out by the pool. But they weren't on the menu!
Amazing egg Benedict but loses points on cleanliness and service.  Our order was wrong.  The fruit salad was moldy and there are plenty of flies all around.  Leaving ASAP.
Since I haven't tried all the sandwiches here, this review is just for their hawaiian chicken sandwich. The sauce was way too sweet when combined with the pineapple. The sandwich felt one note. But for $6, its not too shabby.
I went with some friends.  They were very nice and homey.  \nWe came on a Sunday, and as we sit there it was getting busy. They are very popular with the locals.  Looks like business is good
The best Chinese buffet I have found in town.  That being said, chinese buffets are not very healthy or high in quality in general.  \nWhen your looking for a self indulgent $10 chinese lunch; this is the place!
Great location but not the best value.  Tiny bathrooms - could barely close the door with the rug.  Noisy guests had a party - we could hear the door slam as our beds were positioned on the wall of the hall.  Poor design.  Security finally broke the party up at 1:30 am.  Lots of other hotel choices in the area.
I don't know what the other reviews are talking about! We all know how subway is and how it works. Most subways now are 24 hours, and the food quality is consistent through most. What I'm complaining about is the serious lack of customer service, and the fact that they are stingy with their toppings.
Good- Staff was extremely friendly!  Hotel had a very clean hip feel.  I placed a bid on priceline for $65 and it was accepted!\nBad- very un- comfortable bed,  ruby Tuesday's is the close restaurant within waking distance, and not a lot of night life around. \nStay again- yes
Good spot. Chips and salsa we're good as advertised . I had the Relleno Picadillio which was superb. Not the most inexpensive meal I ever had but cool decor, interesting menu options and proximity to casino floor all rate as major plus's.
Simply just not impressed. I've had better Chinese food buffets for less. The only reason I went out of my way to the city of Henderson was because of a groupon I received.  I will say, however,  that the place was very clean and the service was good.
I walked in at 5;20 pm tonight and was out of there at 6:15 pm having had an EKG, chest X-ray exam etc. Everyone was kind, respectful, professional and efficient. I would highly recommend them.
Understaffed, slow service, coupled with a dirty interior. The trash had been overflowing for at least 20 minutes. The store is far too small for the location.
Not a place I would bring my son or a place that has good lanes saw the cheap prices got really excited to play and there were a lot of rude people and wasnt happy with the lanes :(
Aria is modern and pimp!  That's all I say about the structure\n\nDealers and workers:\nThey are super diks to people,,, they treat everyone like garbage...  I won't be surprised if this place gets no repeat business because I would never play here again...
Very cozy restaurant very busy during the weekend get there early. Food is very good and everything tastes homemade.
Whats not to like. Double Beef Animal Style please! As a east coaster I make an effort to make it to any IN and OUT when traveling out west.
Great Service, especially at the bar!  Fabulous, Zaya Rum tastes as good as cognac.  Food to die for.  No complaints here.  Relaxed, carefree, resort-like feel.
A group of us met here after work for a get-together and we had a great time.  There are lots of unusual beers on tap at reasonable prices.  The appetizers were also cheap...I highly recommend the hand-cut potato chips.  We had great service and did not feel rushed at all.
Great food with a nice outdoor option! This is a great Sunday afternoon spot to eat at with friends or solo. My fiance loves Mexican so we decided to try them out due to the fact that we could not eat there on Cinco de Mayo like we wanted to. The food was delicious and service was nice.
Popular, packed place with good happy hour deals and decent food. The service can get slow because there are so many people. It's in an ideal location on Crescent Street (don't try to park) and though the tables are very close to one another on the patio, the inside looks very spacious.
They had bagels and I needed something to eat early at the airport. Not much to it beyond that. I suppose I like their non-airport retail locations better, but what can you expect from the airport?
Very rude and the girl that did my hair cut gave me the feeling like she had better thing to do. I will not be back
I love Trader Joe's. I went here to explore the (limited) card collection. Most were actually pretty good. It was a little more crowded than other stores but it also had some unique plants like succulents that were just adorable!
Made it safe. I hate the baggage rules whether it's a  carry on or a check in bag they charge you for both. That being said we were a full hour late taking off.
Our waiter introduced the restaurant as a Mediterranean/Italian restaurant with a twist. As best I can tell, the \"twist\" was the lack of Italian dishes on the menu!\n\nGood drinks, great food, prompt service and a nice atmosphere at Scottsdale prices - need I say more?
The place is old and dark. The decor is falling off the walls. The food was passable.  We went for New Years. Each couple ended up forced to pay $28 tips. Each couple!  I don't think we'll be back.  If so it'll only be for the chocolate.  That was amazing!
I was surprised to find such a place in the industrial district, but it was a lucky choice.  The veggie omelette was large and scrumptious, and the coffee top-notch.  The owners really make this place stand out, though. A very pleasant visit overall.
Great place near the convention center for breakfast lunch or dinner. I had salmon dinner which was good and then breakfast this morning which was very good as well. Wait staff has been very friendly and attentive both times. Would recommend this place to visitors to avoid high cost of hotel food.
We had a wonderful time no problems and staff were very friendly. We tried to extend our stay from four nights to seven but they were booked up solid. Shuttle was excellent with grocery runs and trips to the strip. We will be back !!!
If your products weren't my number two love I would abandon you!!!  I only say this of this location!  One associate was SO snotty I wanted to punch her, and I'm not a violent individual!  Fashion Square receives my loyalty...
Indus Beads has a wide selection of beads, courteous and knowledgeable staff. A great place to buy beads, I love the all the neat things you can buy. A great place, I highly recommend it if your in the market for beads or make your own crafts
Waited over an hour because only one barber working. Why have four chairs if you are only going to have 1 barber?  Owner was missing in action and while I waited customers came in and left. There are many barbershops in the area so they need to fix the poor customer service.
New to the area and wanted to check this place out since we had a coupon. Ordered pizza and wings. Both were ok, nothing outstanding. Employees were nice. I gave 4 stars because there was nothing to complain about. I do not think I would order here again though.
Had my boyfriend bring me a to go spaghetti with meat sauce and meatball and this is what came home. Where's the sauce????? I'm horribly disgusted. Then they sent a $10 gift card. That doesn't even cover the meal. Never going back.
Our jasmine milk tea tasted like water with sugar. What was I drinking?! It was so bad that when I went back to California, I had to drop by a boba place to apologize to my body.
Great food and very nice owners. The fish tacos are thebomb.com. Definitely worth a try for yourself, I try to eat here at least a couple times a month.
Went to Fatboy to get a turkey burger today and it was pretty good & the price $2.99 was even better....also had the chencho fries which were also good & cost $2.99...overall I had a good experience & I will return to try something else from their menu.
I love the ZBQ and on Tuesdays they have a special - buy one pizza at full price and get a second pizza for only $5. You can save about $15 on your second pizza with the special - it's quite the savings! Don't expect super friendly customer service here, you won't get it.
Horrible customer service just speak to you with attitude and don't let you know ahead of time that they're going to spend 30 minutes to put in the order to send a cab out.
A little slow in the drive thru... but excellent service, and friendly staff. French fries seem to be a problem at all these stores.... ts either soggy or overcooked.Wish they would focus on putting out  better golden crunchy fries. Asked for light well, and got potato chips!
The food is horrible. I even went twice in hopes that maybe I just had bad luck the first time. The second time was just as bad as the first. I had the Pad Thai, Pho & Kids jungle noodles. The atmosphere was nice though & it was quick, so there's that.
All you can eat tacos for 10$ on Tuesday! Amazing quality and flavor! I'll be there every Tuesday!
The best brunch in Madison! The hours can be a bit weird, but (if they are open) the food is always delicious!
Got the meatloaf which was good and had a kick to it.  Since it was a \"hotel\" restaurant, it was overly priced.  Also waited about 15 minutes to be seated.
3 out 4 delays in 6 month period that's unacceptable . We are gonna find a different airline
This is the worst restaurant I've ever been to.  Sodas are 4.00 each for a soda are you kidding me.  The food and service are horrible.
Location is good but this place is major dump.  Many of the casinos charge the same amoint but u get a lot more like carpets that are not cakef im filth because they havnt been replaced since the 80s.
OMG!!!! Best place EVER!!! I go there every year for my birthday. I love how many they options that they have. Also the dessert is AMAZING!!!!!
New staff has ruined it. Some of the food isn't even passable for edible. Jury's still out on the next great hole in the wall for Chinese food in Oakland.
Horrible! Only two waiters. Ran out of meat?! Too expensive. Had to get up and get our own coffee/juice. If I could take stars away I would. Save your time and money; eat at home. Or mcdonalds.
Wonderful variations on deli fare. I've loved everything I've eaten there. My favorite is probably the Turkey Fig Sandwich, a tasty and unique dish I haven't seen anywhere else. Highly recommended. I hope more people come in!
Good atmosphere, but food was average, and a bit $$$.  \n\nTry the Lobster Miso.
This place was a cute little place near the linq. Pizza was delicious and flavorful but on the small side. Had the mushroom and vegetable pizza and loved both. Also tried the Caesar salad which was delicious but a small dish! Tiny portions
Great workout! Great environment! Great staff! Highly recommended if you want an excellent workout at a clean, fun and professional location, this is the only place to barre in the valley. The new owners are awesome! Be ready to work hard and reap the benefits of Karving!
BEST FOOD... I always go here it's amazing! Their prices are perfect too!!! If you do go here you will have to get a Cannoli!! Tastes like it is straight out of New York!
I like this place. Stay there a lot for work. They have some nice little perks like drinks after work and afternoon snack (cookies!). They are really nice and the rooms are clean, somewhat updated (dark but updated) and have plenty of room. Beds are comfortable.
Old owners are back so I thought I would try it again. Same lousy food. I picked up the food to go and it was already cold. The tacos had so much grease dripping from them I collected it to change my car oil. SO needles to say I am done with them!
Freddy's is a better-than-average fast-food restaurant.  The service is good, friendly, helpful, and consistent.  The steakburgers are good, as well as their frozen custard.  Food comes out in less than six minutes, usually.   It often gets crowded between 12-1.
My youngest got promoted a level and is loving it. My oldest is preparing for swim team (hammerhead 1). Great place with instructors who care!
This airline is super dirty! On my flight to Vegas, I saw a chewing gum right next to my seat, and then I saw nuts on the carpet on my flight back to LA....don't they clean it?
This park is recommended for kids from 2  to 5 years of age. Everything is pretty much set for this age range. My son, who is 19 months, loved it!!!
Good environment. A more classy Chinese food place.\nmORE Expensive but better service.\nHas authentic stuff and americanized stuff like orange chicken too..
So far impressed! They have the right staff working at night, looks like he enjoys his job. More reviews each day passes.
Unfortunetly, this wonderful store is now closed. Stocked a wide array of sizes from all different decades at FAIR prices! Really a triple-threat in the way of vintage stores.
Hands down the worst food I have ever had at a restaurant.  Don't ask me why I have eaten here three times.  Now when friends want to come here, I make sure to eat beforehand.  \n\nCome here for the bar and cheap drinks, not the food.
Quick, clean and good.  Fried okra was done perfectly and the chopped chicken and pulled pork were solid contenders. A good option in the area.
worst towing company in the Vegas  area.  They are completely rude on the phone!
Offers the same great items the one on South Blvd does the only downside to this location is the lack of deli and smoothie/juice stand.
Ordered a burger medium rare and it came out well done.  Terrible.  They have a limited menu after 5pm. Fries are pretty good though.
huge hotel and casino
the best diner so far! i live the food and the atmosphere! people are awesome there. i must say its a hidden gem in vegas! price is very reasonable. calm quite neigbourhood and a perfect beginning of a day! i will go back there tomorrow again!
I would not recommend this restaurant, first of all its filthy,owners dont care, food is low grade standard trying to cut cost.it not a place for best dining experienced
Primanti Brothers is definitely worth the experience. French fries on a burger on jumbo soft white bread is a must if you visit Pittsburgh. It's one of a few classic Pittsburgh things ('Pittsburgh left'), even if it is perhaps the one that only a mother could love.
I came here for dinner with my boyfriend. We ordered the $38 steak, $26 linguini with clams, $11 potato chips, and $16 steak skewers.\n\nThe food was great, the service was the best I ever had. The staff is so friendly!
Very nice, the people working are nice and spoke better English then others I been to so I could understand what was needed of me. After getting my eyebrows done she massages my eyebrows a little to help the pain dissolve. Like I said very nice haven't had that before.
Great beer, yummy food and a fun atmosphere; I'm a fan.
I have nothing compelling to say because this restaurant is unremarkable.  The food is good.  I have eaten here a few times when I was with a group.  I wouldn't ever choose it on my own accord.
Very good food. Just not too vegetarian friendly.  Had to make them bend over backwards to accommodate me.  Ate here lunch and dinner as well as a reception.  Food was very rich as were the guests.  Still liked it but the vegetarian cost them a star.
The food is awesome and I love this place. You should try the fried rice with chicken or tofu, the pad thai is one of the best that I have eaten, the green and red curries are delicious. Most of the food in this restaurant is really good and good value for the price! I would highly recommend this place.
I expected more \"wolf howling at the moon\" shirts. Sorely disappointed
I absolutely love the food here. The atmosphere is warm and inviting.  Can't wait to go back to Vegas to visit again. The dumplings are unlike any I've ever had!
Chad at the bar hates his job. He made that obvious through his poor service and bad attitude. Our crime? Eating dinner and buying drinks.
Overpriced, stuffy, smoky, and small.  I had the New Mexico Platter and wasns't at all impressed.  The chicken in the burrito was nasty and the only thing on the plate (out of five things) worth eating were the beans.  About sums up my opinion of the place
The food was ok. My friends and I were satisfied. If we had to eat there again, I wouldn't be disappointed. The waitstaff was fine. The decor was fine.
We split some pho here and it was beyond mediocre and very expensive for the amount.  Boo....
So this has to do with understanding the demographics and how to saturate areas....\n\nThere is a certain level of consistency, convenience, and oddness that having one on virtually every other block... kinda like what walgreens does these days in busy metro areas.....
I've been here once and had a pretty good time in the Shaker Room. But it was disgusting and hot in there. \n\nSO not worth paying any sort of cover... ever
The garlic fries are to die for! Terrific menu, friendly service and innovative drinks. Yum! I'll be back.
What a joke. I reserved a non-smoking room and on arrival was informed they only had smoking rooms available. The room reeked of cigarette smoke and the staff was not accommodating at all. I would expect much better service from a \"high end\" hotel. Save your money and book with another hotel.
Great ambience and good food. They have extensive wine list and  simple tasty menu. Great for big groups and have outside patio seating as well. Beef bourguinon was awesome but the fried pickles I can do without. We also ordered fried calamari and the dipping sauce was delish.
Well the waitress was really nice and was working hard.    But she had to do the place on her own.   Food came out cold.   :(
This was the first time I ordered from this Domino's. The pizza was delivered to my house really fast. It was so hot you would have thought that I was at the restaurant. The pizza was delicious. If you like to eat hot great tasting pizza order from this Domino's
They're under new ownership now, they have made some changes and not for the better. The sushi tastes not as fresh...the staff is still friendly but I feel this has become the McDonalds of sushi...you get what you pay for.
Authentic Italian food.The Pork belly and roasted rosemary chicken are so good!! I totally recommend it.
I come here all the time today there was a new lady she was not nice at all. Go to the one on Jones and Desert Inn better customer service.
Great management!  Love this auto shop. So helpful. Will bring my car here anytime I need a tune up. Fixed my AC wicked fast.
Who doesnt love an in-Out-Burger when your bored or hungry late night and nothing else is open?? High Protein High Fat meal. Very good if your in your bulking stage of the year. Always friendly customer service and food is cooked in a timely manner thank you for the great meat!
Good.  Not great.  Service is quick as expected.  Too much coleslaw for my liking. Sandwich is good but pastrami was chewy.  Fries were a little undercooked. Asked for double meat but same amount as friend.  Don't go out of your way
Not the place to b at 4 am. Watched 5 shuttles roam around while being told we can't get one but the one for our station,\nnEVER AGAIN!
We love this place too!!! This is where I first had aged-steak. And i loved it!!! \n\nGreat food. Great Service!
Update: since my last review they seem to have gotten their act together. My server was on top of things and the food was good. Glad tgeyve shaped up!
Totally agree, Connie H. No need to panic. He has my wedding, babies, memories, first home, etc..... There has been a tragedy in the family but there is not any reason to call names or make accusations.
Nice little pub. Nothing amazing, nothing horrible. I'd come back but wouldn't go out of my way for it.
They have the freshest fish in all of Scottsdale! Love the produce section also!
Amazing food. I've had this placed bookmarked for almost a year and am kicking myself for waiting so long to go!  The food was fresh, with unique flavor combinations that tasted fantastic!!  Highly recommend visiting here. I had the 1/2 beef mushroom melt and 1/2 beet goat cheese salad. So good!
Very nice high end designer brands here. I recommend this place if your looking for some nice fits to rock down the Vegas Strip. Casual to Club fits and Swimwear.
Good prices here! For example, I saw whole pineapples 3 for $0.99! I visited on a Sunday morning and Mariachis were playing! This location also has a tortiller\u00eda.
This place is like a fine wine, gets better with age. Best venue in AZ! Great music all the time and the food is not your typical bar menu either. That's how you do it!
Great food quick and easy and at a very reasonable price. I've order from here all the time
There was a hair baked into my pizza. My crazy bread had literally no seasoning. Very disappointing. Went back to explain, they have me a new pizza which was fine but the second crazy bread they gave me was worse then the first one! I want CRAZY bread not dull bread..
Fantastic signature margaritas! The best I have had in Vegas.  Good Flavorful salsa. Both of which for me....make or break it.
The band, the bar, the atmosphere was the most fun we had in old town. Imagine country red neck band playing neil diamond covers. Too much fun!!
Beautiful new location in Tivoli Village inside the LV Market...they even have a little outside patio now! Same great service, smiling friendly staff. Too bad they're even further from my home now, but at least they are surrounded by some great restaurants and shops to make the drive worth my time.
Great service from Ron. Red Robin is our stand by food spot. This trip was better than most. The food is always good, but the service this trip put it over the top.  The burger is not the cheapest but compare the end product to other burger joints and it worth it.
The best pizza place in the Valley just happens to be the first pizza my wife and I went to when we moved out here almost 11 years ago. The pizza is straightforward and delicious, the wings are sneaky good and the staff is great. If you're in the area, stop in - you won't regret it!
Ya, this place Jamms and the food is good. Make sure you get the French press coffee, delicious.
Poor poor poor service. Went for a birthday party with 20 people. They refused to break up checks. Myself and one other left because we were ignored and after saying excuse me ma'am and excuse me still ignored. So I do not recommend this place. They were rude and ignorant. Can't recommend beers can't add
This place is fantastic! We ate here twice while vacationing in Vegas and loved it. Definitely worth a try for lunch and/or dinner. Very fresh and well prepared meals, try the trout for sure! We will be back here...
Good quality work, but you can tell that the location affects the prices they charge.  Over $80.00 for adjusting the length on three pairs of pants?  No thank you.
Did the Thanksgiving buffet there.  Everything was fantastic
Good Club, but 1 Major unexcuseable problem for me...\n\nI have to wait in a line to go into the MENS restrooms????
No Wi-Fi, your bill from the bar can't transfer to your table, and if at least half your party isn't there they can't give you the table you've reserved. =(
Really 4.5 stars. \n\nI love riding my bike here and I love devouring their share fries.....I NEVER SHARE!!!!! \n\nAwesome neighborhood place!
Fun drinks, excellent food, and fabulous desserts!  Good service, reasonable prices, a little bit noisy, will be back.
you scream I scream we all scream for Ice cream
Came at night time the place is kinda gross to eat at, it a little bit dim-lighted, cramped, too many people, bathroom has mural of alcohol, and etc. I don't like it, but the food were ok.
Great flavor at great prices! The staff was also very friendly and helpful. Will definitely recommend and go back.
The Great Clips on the corner of Cotton and Greenway is the best in the area by far!!!
I AGREE with g bb they hit me with a $300 bill for a leaky bathtub drip....it was fixed in like 10 minutes
1st thing in finding an Auto Repair place is trust. I would trust Pitstop with my Grandma's car.  It's nice to know, when they tell me something, I don't have to get a second opinion. I have been taking all my cars here for 10 years and wouldn't think of going anywhere else!
Scott was great! He did exactly what he said he would do and was very knowledgeable . The goal was to remove/dispute some negatives and hopefully get a 100 point increase of my credit score. He did it within three months and I kept me updated along the way. Will definitely use him again in the future for maintenance.
This place is so awesome for date night.... Mondays are pasta night so for $7.00 you eat great... Ask for Hank he is the greatest waiter on the planet. They also always have drink specials . What more could you ask for
Don't eat here unless you want to become violently ill.  My boyfriend made the mistake of eating the salsa that was sitting out on the table.  Now I have the joy of taking care of him because he has a really bad case of food poisoning as a result.  Great way to ruin a vacation.
TORTILLA SOUP = not the biz.\n\nthat's all I tasted so that's all I'm rating this place on lol
Other reviewers have this place nailed. Lousy service! I thought the food was mediocre. We tried it twice. Save your money, dine elsewhere. My only caveat is I think ownership may have changed recently. Unfortunately, the place has already burned it's chances with our family.
I eat here all the time, food is really good. They serve a good portion for your money, I recommend the grilled mahi mahi very tasty!
I ate here for the first time time today, and it was great! A Greek guy I know said this is the best American made Greek food he has had outside of New York! Support this place... we need more independent places in Surprise!
We decided to try it out for Valentines day.  I can easily say we won't be going back there anytime soon.  The service was terrible, and the food was far from traditional.  My Chicken Lime salad was just a salad with chicken in a tortilla bowl with ranch dressing.
Way disappointed!  Food was garden variety mexican.  Our waitress was not interested.  And my biggest pet peeve of leaving the table full of dirty dishes while we were left sitting there trying to pay our bill topped off a forgetful evening in Scottsdale.  Go somewhere / anywhere else for a better expenditure of your time and money.
We went here and were so unimpressed with the food AND the service. We went soon after they opened for the day and there was nobody there at the front counter. The cook was there but they had no idea how to work the register. ( not their fault ) but I wasnt impressed at all and I wont go back here.
Location is great, as is the ambiance, but the server seemed unhappy to be there and the food was only mediocre.  I would suggest going elsewhere!
Great night last night. Our server was wry prompt and Nice. The Food was really good.
Ate here one night, about two or three weeks ago, because a friend recommended it and said was better than Grimaldi's. I disagree. Pizza was meh. Crust was burned and had too much sauce but not enough cheese. Not sure if we'll be back...
I get DOWN on their hot wings. And the happy hour?! Perfect. I wish there was a Zipps on every street corner. My favorite sports bar, even though I'm not a fan of sports bars. Go!
Loved it!  Outside does not describe what u find inside....it's like entering lil Italy, everything is yummy n authentic...
The quality of their work is mediocre. But the lady at the front desk is so incredibly rude and can't even communicate well enough to understand specifics about what you'd like to have done.
What can I say about all 'Fat Tuesdays'?! All flavors are good! Always make sure to add that 151 shot for a $1 more....I mean why not, right?!! I usually get the 2nd to the biggest container until I get to the next 'Fat Tuesday' store...
Food is delicious and fresh! Cozy environment, hidden treasure. Nora's is by far a favorite-a must try!
One of the best dining services I've ever had. The beef carpaccio and need short ribs were really tasty and flavorful. I would definitely recommend any local here for a Sunday sesh!
I returned to Jason's Deli 9 year's after retirement from Longs Drugs Store at Boca Park. I had frequented the Deli 3 times a week in the past and was actually disappointed by the portion of the sandwich.
Waited 2 1/2 hours just for the doctor to fill out a prescription refill. Thank god I'm generally a calm person. Just know you'll be waiting at least 1hr till they call your name. They'll schedule you at 2 or whatever, but the doctor won't be available till 3.
Been going here for years all you can eat at the top of line sushi and are the chefs here fast the service is great
Nothing special and a bit out of the way, prob should lower the price a bit.\nHowever the ride is short, fast and sweet.
Best Burgers!!.. The bacon is thick, the burgers are huge & taste great. Every time we have been there everyone has been friendly & helpful. Love this place
Even though I do not have extensive experience in soup dumplings, these were the best I've tried. I especially loved it for the small family run atmosphere. The wait staff was extremely courteous, and best of all they included hot tea with the order (which other dumpling places in the area did not).
Great chili relleno! Pork taco on the dry side. I rarely, if ever eat rice and retried beans, but I must say they were both very good at Los Alomos.  I would love to try the breakfast burrito next time, hard to find good ones in this area.
A favorite of mine. Wonderful food, wonderful service, great atmosphere. I try to go every weekend if I am lucky. Try the agave syrup Margarita. I am in love. My Saturday afternoon place. \n\nI wish they would remember me though. Jeepers we come often enough! :-)
The burger here is cheap at $4.95. It comes with potato salad on the side or you can pay extra for French fries. The burger meat tasted old and yucky. The fries were good though. The price is cheap though and it's on Fremont.
not much selection located in  a hard to reach area they were  nice just had nothing we were looking for a big fan of the tv show
Don't bother unless you have a coupon. We made it through the exhibit in 20 minutes flat - there's just not much to see. From the marketing you'd expect this great Vegas style exhibit and because of that and the price we left feeling very, very ripped off.
Food okay, great tv watching and service can use some help. Overall not bad and would visit again but more with sports watching and not just dinner.
The yogurt is great..sea salt caramel is my favorite...will definately come back
I ordered a cheese burger and cole slaw. Burger was flavorful and had great presentation. The cole slaw was ok at best. Go with fries. Onion rings are huge and little greasy. Overall great place to get a good burger and enjoy the strip while you eat. Sitting on the strip is a must!
I found Jesse through buying a groupon.  I have had many massages and I can say honestly that Jesse was one of the best I have had.  He made the 90 minutes heaven. !!!  Can't wait until the next time.
Had a salad to go and you would think they would include utensils.  Nope!  I called in the manager and his response was we assume that people don't need utensils. They're available if you ask.  Seriously not a good customer service response.
the New yorker is the most amazing sandwiched I've ever had
After getting out of a late show we ran across this pub and boy was we surprised! Good Food excellent service what more could you want at midnight? Thanks guys!
Horrible service! Won't come here again. Food was ok nothing special.
Recent newspaper review by popular columnist rated this place as B minus. That's being liberal. Tune salad sandwich had 1 tablespoon of tuna salad on each half. Overall, doesn't compare to original in Los Angeles.
Clueless waiter...we ran out of the special 2 hours ago that you ordered 15 minutes ago. I asked why he didn't know given it was the special when he gave me my menu or took my order.
Refreshingly fresh and healthy food in Scottsdale, AZ.  Great happy hour with delicious small plates. Reasonably priced.  On those hot days I headed here for meetings and never disappointed. Their hummus (trio) is excellent, served with warm pitas.
Long wait. Lousy service with really rude wait staff\nThis place is out of control\nWont return
Decent food and nice atmosphere.  The shrimp tacos were pretty good.  The waiter could be better.  He took forever to check up on us and walked on by without giving us refills, twice.  It was annoying trying to get his attention when he seemed more focused on his coworkers and just walking around to talk.
Went in and the place looked good. Took about ten mins to get table service. We ordered door and drinks. The drinks were good but the food was overlooked. The waitress comped our order but our first time was our last Probobly
This place should be called microwave burger, not modern burger. Stopped by and had a single with cheese.  The burger was terrible and so was the service.  McDonald's is better than this place.
The worst place to buy cigarettes do not shop here the owner is a nasty human being. They think they are doing you a favor by you shopping in its store. If you enjoy being treated like crap and yelled at than  shop here because you get plenty of abuse here.  And for some strange reason they always want you to pay in cash
I love this place but there is one Bartender that odd. I think his name is Mark. Anyway he can cock block with the best of them! Watch out boys is your looking for a date!
Eat here about 1X/mo.  We like the happy hour here.  Order 2 margherita pizzas and roasted asparagus and it's a full meal for us.  We have eaten here for dinner and their pastas are fine.  The staff is all young yet pleasant.
I absolutely LOVE this place! I have their number saved in my phone and order pickup almost once a week. \n\nThe lamb gyro with their spicy garlic fries is so yummy!\n\nStaff Is so nice and the food is always delicious :)
Rolls have been better and service was good today. 1 star back.
New to Bikram , the three instructors I've experienced have all been very friendly. Small studio, straight forward, affordable prices.
I absolutely love pho so 1. Delicious authentic Vietnamese food. The staff is great. I've been a customer for 7yrs.
I was in and out of the terminal A location in under 20min. The service was quick and the food acceptable. It was much milder than I prefer my Mexican food, but a safe bet before a 5hr flight. A bit over priced, but that's expected in an airport.
The big cup of coffee won me over before I saw the menu! Oh and my food was very good
Chicken Sharwarma is amazing!!  I get the chx sharwarma sand, it's in a pita--and hummus on the side.\n\nVery cool small joint, family run, enough said.  Very good food!
Great shop Chinese herbs, etc. They have dried abalone and will slice it for you.  Abalone is expensive,  but worth it.\nOwner is very helpful and answered all of our questions. Will be back!!
What happened to this place?  The prices went up, the food got bad.  It was so bad the last 2 times I went here.  I am so sad to see them taste like all of the other Chinese Fast Food places.  The fried rice was greasy and no flavor.  Not returning.
Cost $500 every time came here to have yummy sashimi, but the last time really sucks! One oyster stink n wholly smell. Was of my favorite but won't go there again
Had a great time.  Upbeat music while playing video poker.  Great people watching!
The food as okay but not great and the staff was not prepared for anything. They ran out of ketchup for French fries and then ran out of four of the six types of soda. And this was in a Tuesday. I most likely will not return
Good place to hang out and have beers with the guys. Your nightly little pizza buffet is a nice addition. Italian food here is bad but the pizza stands out
been trying kasbah for years and their service has droped considerably, recently i ordered a pizza and chicken pakora at 8.15 pm for delivery i didnt receive my order till 9.30pm bad service and gave us the wrong drinks
absolutely amazing experience, from kind staff to fantastic food. Oysters are to die! It also must be one of the most romantic places i've visited in years. A bit hard to find since no big signs so just look for the number over the door
They have great food, they also have roaches
1 George IV Bridge, EH1 1AD A decent brunch buffet if that is what you are looking for. Serve lunch and dinner, too, but we never tried.
They are amazing.  I am the biggest pain in the neck customer and I tried on everything.   Armando was so patient I would have killed me if I was him.  He kept his calm and got me into the perfect Tux!  Great Job!
Worst Quizno's in Charlotte. Can not take an order over the phone correctly, under cooked food, very rude staff and then yells at customers if they get upset with bad service. Not sure how they are still in business. Will never step foot in there again.
Staff was professional and personable. The food was average. The experience was fun. The price for the evening was not worth it. I would return if the prices were a bit lower. This place is over priced for what you get.
Good food. Fast service. Much better than the old restaurant here.
Yuck! The nachos were awful. The chilli and cheese topping tasted canned and re-heated. I've had better nachos from restaurants without \"nacho\" in their name. The margaritas were good though, which is what saved them from getting just one star.
My first time, it was a really really wonderful experience! Tricia the owner is wayy awesome! They close at 5 pm and they still took me in at 5:15.. I'm definitely coming back!
Awesome. Was greeted when we came in, the staff & the owner Daddy Ron was very attentive and friendly!
I love this location!! \n\nAwesome strawberry lemonade with vodka (I think), delicious fish and chips, and touch screen TVs at your table so you can look at handwritten lyrics and choose the next song.\n\nGreat waiter, and delicious food.
Amazing thin crust pizza!  Would be 5 star if the rest of the menu was  as good as their pizza.\nI've been going here for 7 years or so and it's always great.  It has become more popular so you will likely have to wait for a table on the weekends...especially if the snowbirds are in town.
Really bad service!! Bad food. No one looking at or serving the table for 30 mins. I'm never visiting this one again..0 star
Nondescript place serving great bean & cheese burritos and tacos.
Sandwich was pretty good, the bread made it.  Service sucks, customer service training needed for sure.
Love this place! They offer a great twist on good local made hot dogs. Who needs a bun anyways? Try the the Igby, you can't go wrong.
Had buffet - really disappointed. They don't have appetizers and call it a buffet and very far from authentic Indian food
Been here over a dozen times, had some good and some bad. Overall the place is okay with me. The 1st floor never plays any good music, 2nd floor is where it goes down! Gets pretty packed on the weekends.
Anybody who gives this place less than 5 stars is crazy! They never disappoint here. Every visit is just as good as the last if not better.  I will love zinburger for life!
Not a fan.  The food was dry and bland.\n\nNot sure how someone could make a bland burger.  Just add salt and pepper.\n\nToo pricey for such limited return as well. \n\nToo many other great places in the area to come back here.
Excellent way to go from and to the airport. Fast, convenient, affordable, comfortable :) It is now 4\u00a3 one way.
Tasty; affordable (which is rare for Vegas); cool decor; and excellent customer service.
Was just completely ignored for fifteen minutes at the men's sunglasses case. Not impressed. I'll go someplace else with my impulse shopping.
The rooms are nice (for this brand of Marriott) but the service was pathetic. \nIt may have just been the girl who checked me in, but that's all it takes to make an impression. \nIt will be the last time I give them my business.
Three times ate there with my family three times went home vomiting!! Over priced!! Rude customer service .. Wow get real rinaldi deli!!
I bought the eat all day deal for $35. I ate the Excalibur buffet for dinner. It was terrible!! I'm grateful I didn't get food poisoning. The selection was terrible: sad looking crab legs and meatballs that looked like they had better days. Save your money for the casinos.
Ordered 2 dozen wings for delivery,  they showed up with all the ranch exploded in the bag all over everything.  Ruining the celery and the paper bag it came in. Spent 15 mins cleaning it all up.  Wings were cold by the time we could eat them. Hugely disappointed.
Can anyone tell me how much it is a month for the 3 bedroom 3.5 bathroom penthouse here???
Our ASU cake was delicious and beautiful! Our grad loved it!
The best in vegas. Incredible food everywhere, with Vegan options at each of their restaurants, very friendly staff, and lots to see. No one does it like the Wynn. Not the least expensive on the strip- far from it really. However, I feel that the cost is exceeded by value
This being the first and only time ive eaten at a sub station it will be the last. Any chain that doesn't care about all there locations equally probally doesn't care about quality of the meat which it tasted like they didn't. The sandwich was not anything like i thought it be when my friend dragged me here.
get the pizza and sangria! The owner is amazing, true Italian and brought us an amazing nutella dessert!   mangia!
I had the American burger with a tasty IPA. Watch out the Jalapenos are HOT! Great meal, great price.
Excellent burgers.  Great selection.  Amazing list of milkshakes.  Stop here when you need a break from buffets and heavy dinners.
The chicken was ok..but if they could please COOK their veggies....that would be lovely. My broccoli was very raw and undercooked. Not really gourmet.
I joined this gym because it was right across the street from my house. Plenty of machines and weight-lifting benches. This place is for the hard-core trainer. I canceled my membership after a few months cuz I missed 24 hour fitness so much.
I have raced at VLK a few times, and I enjoy it more and more every time. If your goal is to achieve a personal course record, make a memorable event for a family member or have a corporate team building event, VLK is the perfect place.
I love Decadent Designs Bakery!  Their cake balls are so amazing!!  I also tried a brownie this last time and it was very good.  Their cupcakes are also some of the better cupcakes in the Charlotte area.  Keep up the good work!
Cute little place but space is limited and the crepes are delicious.
Closed and converted to another coffee shop, seemingly overnight as well. I hadn't even been to It's A Grind in a minute. Aww, man.
I went in and ordered some Chicken Sandwich's. I got home and looky here I got whopper Jr.'s. I didnt mind as I made it work. But I feel bad for the person who ordered a Whopper Jr. and got a Chicken Sandwich.
I went here last night to have a good time. Well, I had a great time. The drink selection was huge, and the atmosphere was cool. I laughed the whole night. My only complaint is that it was a little over packed. I will certainly go back and recommend this place to anyone.
Took my mother to him for a fractured wrist. He said he wasn't sure if it was fractured and to come back in two weeks. Went to another doctor and it was fractured and they put a hard cast on it. We were sent there by Sante Rehab Center. Maybe they are in cahoots??
simple/small place. ok service and ok food
I would eat here again. The breakfast is good but super fatty!  Be prepared to eat a meal that makes it so you do not have to eat for the rest of the day.
If you come here to Bowl and get some food and or alcohol go see Sue, she's the nicest one there and will make sure your taken care of. She's such a sweet lady. You would never know that she can't hear, just reads your lips. Best service we've ever had there
The place is fun but the way they manage the 30 year olds that act like 12 year olds is a joke. It's unfortunate that there are always a few that can ruin everyone's time.
I Love love love! The yogurt here! Way better than mojo! It's $.09 cheaper and ounce and the froyo is kept slightly colder so it doesn't melt as fast!
I found their product to be inferior to what we were already buying, and their staff kept blowing vapor in my face while I was trying to talk to them.  Seriously? Just because it isn't cigarette smoke doesn't mean it's not also incredibly rude.
Great sandwiches! I love this place!
We stopped in there last Sunday, my wife was going to purchase a bike.  We spent approx 15 min's inside.  We received very little help in purchasing a bike.  We left and went else where you lost a sale.
We were staying at Club 36 next door and ordered pizza. It tasted like grocery store frozen, not wood fired and was pricey.  Staff was pretty rude to boot. Pass on it!
We ate lunch here. It was okay. Nothing really special. Service was good. Nice/clean environment.
This place was recommended by a friend and it turned out to be very good. Pictured below is a steak and shrimp quesadilla with pico de gallo, and their two sauces. Quality is excellent, everything is fresh. I'd recommend to anyone in the area or passing through.
Definitely one of my new favorite spots. I ordered a stawberry/banana/coconut water + energy boost smoothie and a turkey sandwich on ciabatta bread.  I was super impressed all for just $10. Legit food/drink + friendly service makes this place a winner
Bonne bi\u00e8re. Bonne bouffe. Quoi de mieux? Essayer le cheeseburger de cerf - un vrai r\u00e9gal.
Bright - very sunny.  Good for studying if you don't mind a little noise.  Study rooms - only two, and they are often booked so make a reservation.  Free wi-fi.  Pleasant and courteous staff.
great for the kids. Gets really busy on the special days like bring a freind day or other coupon days. Large park with pleaty of rides to keep you entertained. They have a wrist band system of under 42 in, 42in to 44in, above 44in and such check online before you go.
Mmmm mommy-do dinners at Lindo.  The fideo soup makes me miss my husband a little less :)
Simple and very authentic. Just genuinely delicious Japanese food. \n\nThis is my new all around go-to place for a good meal.
this was rough place at first, but the corporate office does listen. I recommend you stick to what you want and not let the salesperson distract you. As the company is\ngood and the cars clean.
the crew is fantastic! everyone was so helpful on directing me on where I had to go! on top of that, they have some solid coupons! let's get to crafting!
Richard Zhao! Ask for this guy if you pay this location a visit. He's very professional, personable, and isn't pushy. Enough said.
Wow this place has terrible service. Every time we have gone they have screwed up our order (wrong coffee, forgot a breakfast sandwich). It's Dunkin Donuts so the food and drink is pretty standard quality, just check your order before you drive away.
Brian was excellent and made wonderful recommendations on what to try. The food was delicious and the split pea soup was the best I have ever had. Yes, even better than Anderson's. try it, you'll live it. And ask for Brian.\"
Such a great breakfast and lunch spot.  I adore the Spanish omelette.  Plus they will custom make your omelette to order.  No worries about additions or changes.  And tons of sides to choose from.
Secret Pizza is a must try in Vegas!! Just amazing greasy loving goodness.
I'm a fan of the chain but I am really tired of this location getting my order wrong. I ask for mayo. NO mayo. I ask for sweet peppers, I get hot. I ask for it to not be Mike's way and it turns out Mike's way. Going somewhere else.
I hate to be the voice of dissent, but I miss Neapolitan. This reboot isn't nearly as good.
one of the nicest boutiques...with a great selection of manolo's.  taking off one star because of the pushy salesperson with a 10 seasons ago prada loafer who tried to make me purchase a pair of sandals that were 1/2 a size too small...
Saigon Kitchen is a very good restaurant with very personable service. The food from the appetizers to main courses are fantastic. My family looks forward to having many meals to come at this little jewel.
Came upon this place while at the Las Vegas Outlets near downtown.You have to try the Dreamsicle Snoball!  It's the perfect blend of old-fashioned snoball and deluxe, creamy drink.  The cold Vietnamese Coffee was A+ too!  To top things off, the owner could not be any nicer.
Viva la France!\n\nHow can you not like Louis Vuitton?  If only they would go on half price sale (then they would still be expensive).
Archi's is my go-to place for Thai. Their 6.95 lunch specials can't be beat. Love that when you ask for it hot, it's actually spicy. Great soups, pad thai, curry and other dishes. I haven't had anything I didn't enjoy.
Amazing french little restaurant in the middle of the Venetian. Sit outside if you can! Oysters were delicious as was the chicken dish --and the mussels. Definitely a great quaint spot if you are looking for good food and a great low key atmosphere.
First of all when you go thru the drive-thru they dont greet you at all. There food is also very greasy. And when your done ordering they never tell the total. How are we supposed to know how much the total is if they dont tell us.
We go to all the Pita Jungles.  We love the food.
This place made me feel comfortable when I entered the place. Nice live music( little sad) played by a band called 'Steph the article' from Tucson.\n\nFriendly people, polite staff, and most of the things were fine except for the music after the band stopped playing, it was like somewhat nonsense and unpleasant.
iFixAZ is awesome.  They were able to fix my cracked iPhone 5 screen very fast.  It looks brand new.  I would highly recommend them to fix any mobile device.  Thanks.
Chicken black bean burrito was surprisingly good. Their food has gotten better than it was in the past.
It was our first visit, & we had a great lunch there today. Will definitely make it one of our favorites. My blackened catfish po boy was sooooo good!
this place is the best in town, i talked to victor when i place my order he promised everything was right and i was amazed it was and all was well done .... thank you victor your place is great
This is probably the best show I've ever seen in Vegas.  Highly recommended.  Don't forget to take pictures with them after the show!
Slowest Starbucks I've been to.... Unfortunate because this one is a convenient location to where I live but the drive through always takes 10-15 minutes whether there's 2 people in line or 12.  People very nice and friendly but not effect enough for how quick Starbucks is elsewhere
Great prompt & friendly service for my To Go order. They weren't busy but I have no doubt that the staff would have performed any other way. Best location.
The view from the balcony is fantastic at night but the food was only average. You expect  more for the price. \nThey used to have califlower pur\u00e9e as a side but no more. The service was also only average.
I love Yogurtland in general, especially there. I love to grab frozen yogurt after my workout at LVAC. This place closes pretty late which is also a plus. I enjoy this place! I love the flavors they offer, the employees, and the overall look of the store. Clean! :)
Place was very clean. Service was friendly, Food was very good. The breakfast burritos are very good.   \nMy mistake there is a location at 1 block north on Rainbow and 215. I thought this one was it.
They make really great Pad Thai noodles here. I love that they use the small noodles instead of the big flat ones. =)
Eh... okay. Not great, but not bad. The omelettes are obscenely large... that's not a compliment! LOL.
My doctor recommended I join a gym however the manager Josh doesn't seem to be a good listener or manager.  Customer service is very important and I refuse to give my money to any business that does not value me as a customer.  Josh needs to be replaced or the company gives him a course in customer service and he understands the value.
I shopped around a ton for the right mattress.  Little worried because I kept seeing high prices.  Went to USA mattresses and he gave me the best deal by far with a wide selection.  Comfortable shopping environment, great service, great people, great family business.
When you order a calzone you think you would get a calzone 40 minutes goes by I have to get a pizza because somebody didn't place the order correctly thanks for wasting time on my father daughter date
Surprisingly really good. I liked the nachos I got the most and it all tasted fresh and it was made relatively quick. Excellent service as well. I had a hard time deciding but they were patient with me
We have worked with Kuester Management Group for years and they have always performed exceptionally well for our community. Their Management was very nice to us and was always available to answer our concerns.
One of the best and most unique places in Charlotte. I love the honey wasabi tuna tacos. Packed with flavor and always a lively place to hang out. I have never been disappointed in what I ordered. The corn salsa is also really good.
Food is terrible, complete lack of flavor. Didn't even get cherries in my cherry limeade!
Called several companies and this was the lowest quote by far. Setting up the install was easy and Chris from True View did a great job!
They give you alot of food... and I don't blame them for trying to get it out the kitchen because its horrible.  The fried steak meal was bland. . It was like eating hospital food. The beef nachos are way over priced, the chips were old. I wouldn't recommend it.
Always a great experience here. Been coming for 6 yrs now and the food, service, and restaurants are consistent from the first one I went to in Glendale to California.
Love the thin crust pizza and the family/neighborhood atmosphere. The pizza crust is so perfectly crispy. Can't go wrong here!
Too expensive...\n\nAnd the wait was too long - 1 hour for lunch.\nPaid $37.\nHowever, the food was on the better side with a large variety and dessert choices even better.
What a sad disaster of a place. The faded glory here was overwhelming. From the servers to the clientele, this place is depressing as heck. In a weird way it was sort of interesting to watch because it makes you feel good about your life. You also maybe get a glimpse of what Vegas was in the olden years.
Mac and cheese is awesome! Service was fabulous. I will be back to try the burgers next.
Chef Tipp never let me down!!  the food is outstanding as always!!! I am so looking forward to going back there again.
They have any kind of candy you would ever want! Last time I was here I saw chocolate covered grass hoppers lol!
I love their pizza!  Chewy crust, delicious sauce, bubbling cheese, it's probably my new favorite pizza place in the valley.  I've never tried anything else but the sandwiches and huge salads look tasty.  The atmosphere is cool and laid back too.
First time they scratched my truck... Second chance I sat in line for 5 minutes. No one greeted me so I left.
Carmen and Phil are AWESOME They act silly and sew like no one else.\nThey can make a custom suit or fix a jeans pocket to perfection.\nThey are a MUST \nOLD TIME EUROPEAN TAILORING in Scotttsdale
Worst chinese food ive ever had. Small portions and has no flavor. Not worth the $10.
I enjoyed the food and I love the salsa bar. Service can be a little slow but come on...who really cares. Nice to sit a while isn't it rather than just eating before going on somewhere else.
Decent.  Used to be one of our regular bike night stops several years ago.  A small bribe could get you a quick table back then but HOG parking had to be at Myron's place down the street.  \n\nI still prefer Houston's for my bistecca and anything else American.
I get the veggie platter to go several times a month. I love it! The service is good and it is ready and waiting for me when I arrive!\nI love the sambusas also!\nMy fave Ethiopian is at Rahels on Fairfax in LA, but this is a close 2nd!!
stop by and say hi to mandy! i've been to the burgh a few times now and she is our favorite part of the north shore! best pub style bar by far in these parts
Wasn't overly impressed in a town with this many mexican food joints it was pretty typical food wise.  Atmosphere would be lacking service is so so..
I thought the prices (22 - 39) we're high for simple Italian. The celebrators photos that cover the walls are so old I do not recognize the people and I am safely in senior citizen territory. It is near the strip and my date was impressed, so it so it ain't all bad.
Used to be my favorite place, now i'll never return :(. The service was fine but there was a hair in my skillet and I got food poisining as well. So disappointed as I used to love this spot but I have no tolerance for a dirty restaurant.
Great location, super cool conversion of an old gas station. My only gripe would be that barista didnt rinse portafilter before pulling my espresso shots , thus my cappuccino tasted burnt. This is however a common problem at most indy coffee places.
Good Persian food with a courteous staff. Nice to have in the neighborhood.
Oh winco, how i love shopping in the bulk section. i give this place 3 stars because...huge droves of people freak me out.
5 people. No booze. $200. Was the food remarkable? No. Was it acceptable? Yes. Was it difficult to see in the low-light ambiance? Yes. Are there alternatives? Certainly. Do I think this place is a bit over rated? Sorta, kinda, yes.
I like this store, plenty of space to walk, lots of different produce, organic cosmetics and supplements. If I would have more money I would shop only there definitely.
Great diner food and I love the thin pancakes - you can taste the real butter in them, MMMM!
Annoyingly slow!!!!  Takes an hour to get a car wash.  Not acceptable. People have jobs and lives Danny's but then again it is apparent lately by your quality and your staffing that you have give up!
Is it me? or does the Beers taste colder here? Great selection of drafts, Nice big Video Poker screens . Great location next to the Poker room & Sports book. Don't get me started on The Incredibly Beautiful waitresses . Will be visiting again soon.
Stopped here for gas, found this and other Rebels I saw around town to be shabbier than the am/pm, and this certainly had less selection in the convenience store.
I was sadly disappointed with this place. I had the chicken chow mein and it had way too much teriyaki sauce. I felt crappy afterwards too. For the price I expected it to be much better. There are better Chinese restaurants in the area that are half the price and much tastier.
The worst.  Their agents are trained to keep you at the counter FOREVER trying to convince you to buy more insurance, etc.  You would think people were buying a house as long as it takes.  \nRidiculous.
The rooms here need attention.  Otherwise, get your comfy shoes for a walk through the small city they call the MGM Grand.  Oh, and sit in Rouge and watch all the guidos and guidettes walk through the Casino in their bathing suits.  Good people-watching.
I love QT but this one is ghetto!! pumps and bathrooms are always dirty. This one is trashy!! Lots of beggers and crack heads walking around!!!
Hot basic old school buffet
Bad trade today.................
Nice bar! We came here for beers but there are games and good looking food. We would definitely come here again. Good music too!!
Rooms are nicely decorated, spacious and spacious but the rooms are dim and a few brighter bulbs could be installed.  Beds aren't that comfortable but maybe that is by design to keep you playing in the casino.  Plenty of restaurants but the ones I ate in were okay -- not stellar.  Casino was typical.  I would stay again.
Absolute worst wings I've ever had, I'm 43, may be the first time I've ever asked for my money back. Soggy, and no sauce.
I've been here several times. The food is always on point, and they have great service. The servers check on you and refills on side dishes are free! They always play good music. It's a cool place to grab a bite and some soju with friends.
I've been there a couple of times. Last time I went it was worse than the first time. The food  really didn't taste that good.
This place is permanently CLOSED! We drove by tonight for dinner and the lights were off, doors were locked, open sign off and no one answered the phone. Not typical for a business on a Friday night. I'm bummed too because I was totally captivated by their yelp reviews!
Really great store for new and used CDs, DVDs, Records, T-Shirts. A great selection and a lot of variety. They have everything sorted nicely and it's super easy to find what you're looking for. The staff was kind and open, and it's easy to order stuff through them as well. Great store!
Thought I wouldn't like this place. But it turns out I did. Didn't opt for the all you can eat since my date and I wasn't that hungry. Next time I got to try the all you can eat!
Great food, service and a lot of craft beer on tap...
Love this place. Great atmosphere, service and good. An amazing value as well! My wife and I love to stop here on a date night for a late dinner. I don't think we have ever had a bad experience.
A decent Quiznos location - no different from most of the other ones.
Bangers n Mash. AMAZING. This is my first experience with Irish cuisine and I most certainly approve of Brocach. I will most definitely be back!
I had lunch here today with two very nice ladies and a beautiful baby. The atmosphere was good and accommodations for the baby was good too. They frequently checked on us and brought fresh warm chocolate cookies to our table. I will go back again.
I used to love this place, but something is obviously different now. Frozen seafood, small portions, so-so service and staff not knowing the menu. In a town starving for a good Italian restaurant, this one is just not worth it.
Best food ever :)
Standard Chipotle fare - consistently good; not bad for corporate food - if you have a few minutes, there are a number of good local offerings within walking distance.
I took my fianc\u00e9 here last Friday night and it was amazing!!  The food and the drinks were superb!  The menu is diverse and the drinks are delicious.  We enjoyed ourselves very much.
Overpriced menu selection\nDoes not have a veggie burger as an option\nMacaroni & cheese dish lacked flavor as a supple alternative for anything to eat & even the beer tasted bland
Authentic, delicious, fresh and well priced Korean food; finally found somewhere worth coming to regularly.
Staff ruder than the main resto.  Yikes.
Ate their for lunch, around 11 or so.  Was still a little slow at the time, music was too loud for the current crowd.\n\nI had the chicken and snow pea dish while the rest of my party enjoyed sushi.  There were no complaints, my dish was quite tasty.  I would go back.
This place is simply amazing.  It's literally walking into someone's house and enjoying their food.  The staff and even other patrons have always been friendly to me, no matter how crowded it gets during lunch.  Definitely the best Mexican food I've had in Madison.  Very inexpensive, nicely portioned, most importantly delicious.
Delicious food, amazing staff, good price. I came here for the buffet and found out they had mango lassi on tap! This place is a gold mine, by far best punjabi style Indian buffet in all of az. Will definitely be back again!
Let me just say,\"Breakfast saved the stay.\"
Screw the strange service.  The sliders are worth it.  Anything with slider in the title (breakfast slider, Jewish slider, bbq slider) is delicious and filling.  The challah rolls are soft and chewy, the potato pancake just the right crispness, and the meat inside is always excellent.
Flew into town on vacation, and checked out the many different pinball games. Had fun for an hour or so, and went back to my hotel. It's a nice place, and worth a visit.
I LOVE everything about the Arrowhead salon. Angela is absolutely wonderful. She know exactly what I want. The shampoo and condition is heavenly! Couldn't ask for a better experience. They make me feel relaxed and special!!!
This was my first time trying this place! I would say its pretty decent I had the sandwich and soup lunch . My sammy was delish and my tomato basil bisque was enjoyable. Nothing really blew my socks off but nothing was bad. My point is you'll get a good meal but you wont be craving it later.
Nice store with a good die cut machine.  Owner was very helpful.  I would go back again.  They seemed to have a lot of stuff.  More variety than Michael's or Joann.
The service from this company is outstanding. They do a thorough job and highly recommend them for their services. I've already referred family and friends and will definitely be contracting with them again in the future.
Not bad. Off the strip so convenient and cheaper. Clean rooms, very modern. Bathroom doors are a little weird. Friendly staff and hot breakfast though.
Oh my gosh!  Hot dogs-great; onion rings-great; chili cheese fries-great; 50 cent soft serve cones-awesome.  Just want to add that so far there hasn't been anything that we've tried here that we haven't liked.
Don't shop here. The employees are rude and stupid. I informed Kroger's corporate office about a bad incident I had with an employee and they did nothing.
Staff is great! Treatment of animals is Great! I would definitely recommend this place!
I was there last Saturday afternoon and not only were the burgers and fries amazing but Mandy was the best server I have had. Very sweet and on top of it and very tentative. Highly recommend!
I came here once for lunch and was very pleased.  With all the great reviews on the chopped salad I new I had to try it.  It was the BEST chopped salad I've ever had!  It had the feel of an upscale pub, with upscale prices.  I would definitely come back for the salad.
I went to the location in Chandler (in the mall). This is basically a self serve yogurt bar. They charge you per ounce. I had the pomegranate and it was really yummy. You also have a huge topping bar to choose from. It's fun.
This place and other local spots like the Teepee remind us of a far gone time when our Mexican food was predictable and when our standards were low.  But sometimes that hits the spot.  This place definitely has some history, just ask Marty Robbins.
Went and had lunch there on a Wednesday and loved the spring rolls, I had a tofu sandwich and the bread was like eating marble. Oh we'll, everything else was great.
Pretty good sushi, a little pricey.
Loved this restuarant! Never been to one before and this one is really great. Our waiter was so pleasant and helpful, and the food blew my socks off! Will definitely be coming back here in the future!
This was one of my stops during my virgin Black Friday shopping spree. \nIt was packed and the lines were crazy long, but that was to be expected. The staff did a fabulous job keeping things moving and customers happy. I got what I wanted and will be back next week to spend the Kohl's cash I earned.
It's more like a 3.5, good food, good service, but again, I would be more comfortable and satisfied, at any one of my favorite casual asian restaurants, minus the big dent in my wallet.  Still a good restaurant to experience at least once.
garbage, no wonder this place closed. RIP ruth chris in vegas!
Mango, chili, lime, oh my! This pie is awesome. The first bite is strange as it's spicy, yet rich and tart. Go past the first bite and you'll be back for more (if you can handle the spice!). \n\nI enjoy Mama Toledo's!
This place is okay given the location and that there isn't any other real options unless you want to drive out of mountain island area. I have had their sushi which is good, but nothing special. Their chinese dishes are lacking heat. Location is the only reason I gave it 3 stars.
Im from bolsa california and i tried the food here. Theres too much MSG in the Pho and the springrolls were microwaved. Food was very poor in taste and quality
Slow internet connection. No coffee available downstairs (constantly out). Breakfast was gross. Room was clean so that was a plus. But as a business traveler coffee and internet are foundation.
Do not get your dog groomed here! My dog looks like a blind person shaved him. Completely uneven! I cannot wait until it grows out. HORRIBLE!!
Second time here, first time dining in. I sat at my table for about 30 minutes waiting for water and for someone to take my order. No thanks, I'll go elsewhere.
Salsa is delicious. I got the Veggie Benny. It is the usual, just as expected. My boyfriend got the chicken fried steak, but he didn't really care for it. The coffee cake that came with his dish was warm! The service was great, they were happy and friendly. Food came out quick. :)
Long story short, this place had growing pains and a bit of a whirlwind party.
Tha Spot has some really good BBQ!  The know how to do home cooking.  You need to try the corn on the cob, macarroni and cheese, pulled pork and dont forget the smoked hot wings!!!  Everything was great ... we will be there again soon!
Another disaster @Palms this time at Fortunes 24 Seven Cafe. Food was okay. Service was TERRIBLE. Took 8 min to get seated +14 min to order. Server never checked back to table until meal was completed. Not good.
Hum....it is ok dim sum not really authentic but the service is quick and friendly. I went there early before 11AM when we left it became crowned. Good place for a large group.
The food is decent but the bar service sucks. I've been here for 20 minutes and still appetizer. It was the same way last time I stopped.
Not my first choice but I'd return someday. More of a kids/ family vibe. Which is great if you have kids. But on the other hand a bit pricey...
Food was great but the service was awful. Don't think I will ever go back. But if you go  try the portobello mushroom fries they are great. The steaks are good but if you order medium expect it to me more medium rare. Even the well done steak had pink in the middle. Just really disappointed in the service.
Food is always fresh & hot. The wait staff is very attentive and friendly. Can't really say anything bad about this Golden Corral. It sure beats the one on South Blvd. in Pineville.
Sometimes you just want someone else to cook you food you could have cooked yourself. Because hey, then you don't have to cook! If tonight is one of those nights, go here. If you are looking for a dining experience you cannot replicate in 45 minutes at your home, go elsewhere.
This mall gives me the heebie jeebies. Weird, desolate pop-up stores, WAY too many kiosks with uncomfortable salespeople approaching you, dirty (DIRTY) bathrooms, dingy and dim...Done.
Love my new highlights  and haircut.\nKasea is amazin stylist and an expert in hair color.\nI will be back to Platinum Entourage again.
Live the dream! Great place to hang out with friends around a beer and some really fantastic food. The foie gras poutine is a homerun and the duck in a can a real experience. In the summer, try out the seafood platter.
Amazing service and food. I dine there minimum 2 times a week. Excellent service all the time and the environment is very warm and welcoming. Their food is excellent.
First impression was good!  Beautiful waitress.  I wish I got her name.  Maybe next time.  Tried the street food.  Let's just say it's street food, don't expect amazing.
Loved the atmosphere, the food was delicious and the cost is budget friendly!! Will be going back again!!
Terrible service. Stay away
What the heck is wrong with all the five star reviewers? Went here last night. No sense of hygiene. Un-eaten bread is reused for next table. Hot sauce is put on with a brush directly onto eaten food without being washed or changed between tables. Yuck. Lost my appetite here.
Good selection of gelato flavors, reasonable price. Watch out when there's a crowd though, service can be a little slow.\n\nThe buffalo mozzarella is good, but don't expect the pizza to be on par with New York or Chicago.  Still a lot better than dominos or other chains.
Place was disgusting! Room was dirty and the maid forgot to clean it before I got in. This made me so uncomfortable!!! Not recommended
Great place for lunch or just to have a drink and hang out on a rainy day. The borcsht is really good and so is the roast pork sandwich. Try the polenta fries! Its like a cross between french fries and cheese puffs.
Food was good but not having a corkage fee was ridiculous. Drank water. Manager claimed it was against Nevada law... Not so. Never coming back.
Not worth the stop. Service is slow, and they are very understaffed. When a man in a suit and tie is bussing tables you know the restaurant has issues. Loud atmosphere. They stop serving breakfast at 11am. Waited 40 minutes for a table for to only to find out we could no longer get breakfast. No exceptions either.
Their chicken is almost never fresh and when you ask for fresh, the people in the back get attitude. They also try and give you tiny pieces of chicken and pass them as tenders and get annoyed if you mention that to them. Only a few decent employees, the rest are crap. Need to improve food quality
Great service, friendly atmosphere, delicious casual pizza to go or to stay.  Choose your crust, sauce, cheese (be sure to add ricotta) and toppings.  The pizza literally takes 2 minutes to cook.  Wine and beer special all day....make it a great dine alone or with a friend type place!
Great place in the Biltmore area to grab a beer and watch a game!  Friendly bartenders, nice atmosphere and good drink selection.
Not a huge selection, but they have some really tremendous vintage pieces. I got my 1956 Rosewood and black leather Herman Miller Eames Lounge & Ottoman in very good condition here--for $4k.  That is remarkable.
What more can I say about buffet..... Oily, salty, and  not good.
Can I give this place zero stars? The management is so bad, they care not about their customers. But you can tell from start to end. Poor us.
I travel lots and try to keep expenses low, so I often frequent the Paneras, McCallister's and Jason's of the world.  Zoe's blows them all away.  Love at first bite!
chicken tacos with green sauce :) I'm SET!
Such a disappointment after being a regular at Boiling Crab... The staff were all good looking though. =D
Fast courteous  service.  Tech arrived on schedule, quickly replaced windshield for a good price.  Thanks for an easy transaction.  My other car's windshield is badly pitted and chipped.  Will have SafePro back to replace it when it finally cracks.  This is Phoenix, it should not be long.
The BEST breakfast I've EVER had in a restaurant. Truly! You've got to try their protein pancakes! I'm going to try to make them at home....
The service was great but the food was horrible. I had a chicken sandwich with a side salad. The salad looked like it was swimming in a pool of Ranch dressing and the salad itself looked old. The chicken sandwich was plain.
Best PhatAss Chicken Sammich eva! Kool-Aid on tap. I rave about this place, definitely in my top must eats
there were some kids here today who were  talking about very innappriate subjects and are not even customers. there are some kids nearby who were listening to this crap. why are the kids allowed tocome in here?
For me the food is just average. I much prefer the Thai Gourmet in Bloomfield.
The staff is knowledgeable, courteous, and they sell just about everything. It's exactly what I want in a large sporting good store.
We went through the drive-through and I'm sure the food that was served would not have been served at the front line. The chow mein was dried up and old and the chicken dish tasted like plastic. We won't go through the drive-through again because obviously they're serving food that is sub-par.
Ok,......for a chain. I try to support local business as much as possible. Pricey, good for a date night I guess.
The atmosphere here is great, people are nice and it's clean inside only downside is that the boneless lemon pepper wings we ordered were extremely salty.
Hands down best sushi bar in the valley. The service is always amazing plus its a great spot for happy hour too!
Loved the atmosphere,  incredible entrees, delicious wine, and fantastic service.  Will be returning again and again.
Tea Station addict confesses...relieved to find one in the desert. Yes it's home away from home.  \n\nKudos to franchises!
Ate breakfast here. Fresh, high quality and well seasoned. Instant cure for a brutal hangover.
If you've ever eaten at Texas Roadhouse but haven't tried Logan's Roadhouse  you know exactly how Logan's Roadhouse is going to be. Not bad food and reasonably priced it's your typical Roadhouse style restaurant. Worth the stop if you're in the mood for that type of food.
Dr. Gard is the best dentist I have ever had. He is very informative and kind. My experience is all that much better thanks to Dr. Gard. I will definitely be returning to this office.
Quoth theYerg, Nevermore...
I am totally addicted to this place. Tons of flavors of smoothies, and perfectly cooked Boba. Green Tea, or even Vanilla Chi - so far all the flavors I've tried have been fantastic.
Horrible customer service!  to make a long story short...I will go out of my way to find a different coffee place next time!  The barista was friendly, but the supervisor (i think) with short blond hair has a bit of an attitude problem.
At the PF and this places really gets crowded. I guess it's a reliable relatively ow cost option among all of the big spends that surround it. At the end, we enjoyed good potstickers, great lettuce wraps, fried rice and moshu chicken.
Good food 'almost' all the time. Last visit was terrible. 19 out of 20 visits are great though.
The Chicken and Gyro meet are great
Drab location in an unassuming strip mall. Bathroom was so dirty. Service was mediocre at best! We had teriyaki chicken, katsu, and fish. The fish tasted like egg. The chicken was really good. The salad was a store bought bagged salad with thousand island dressing. Katsu was decent.
Old rooms.   My buddy had a big suite .   I thought I was in a Brady Bunch episode.   Bring out the black lights and let really see whats on the old ass couches. haha  The Valet was friendly.   Save the money and stay at hooters for half the price.
I'm not sure why everybody thinks that this is a great place to have breakfast or brunch because in my experience the food is mediocre at best the service is terrible and quite frankly the restaurant is is dirty and there's no place to park.
Favorite breakfast place in Scottsdale! Perfect bagel, good breakfast burrito and warm friendly owners!  Always welcoming!
Used to go to this bar a lot when I was in college.  They always had some pretty good specials.  The one I remember the best was penny pitchers...not sure that they still do that though :-)
It really kind of cheesy magic. If you've ever seen a magic show you pretty much can tell what going on. Go to Penn and Teller instead.
The serving is good, but the steak dinner is not that good, also the sauce for the fried squid is strange.......
One of my favorite places.  Service is fast and the food never disappoints.
Is this some kind of joke, a parody to the Apple Store?\n\nMicrosoft has no idea how to run a store, it has stolen the layout of the infamous Apple Store and branded it with the Windows logo. \n\nPlease, Microsoft, at least entail it with some originality.
This place is terrible. Stop after the chips and bean dip. There's nothing else on the menu worth ordering. Whatever mojo this place once had is gone. The bussers are using smelly rags. The food is not original or even tasty.
i absolutely LOVED the bread they served almost like \"tapas\".  it was to die for...and they even gave me a small loaf to take home.  the pizza, however, was really way too think and it was ok. nice setting outside.
I got a horrible haircut...will never go back...I am not very picky and all I asked was for my stylist not to take much off...she cut almost 5 inches...unacceptable
Haven't eaten here, but the namesake drink is great, and the $1.50 Hamms and other legacy beers are even better when you're drinking on a budget.
I waited 20 mins for my food , I approached the counter and they forgot to put my order in! The managers response was \"I don't know what happened\" I'm never going back
Some of the best food I've had in awhile. The staff was awesome and fast, it was so yummy I can't believe it took me 2 years to try this place is so close to my house. A new favorite! :-)
Just returned from Full Circle Car Wash and I am very disappointed. This is the second bad car wash I have had in the past two weeks. the outside is dirty and has water spots and the inside never got wiped down even though I paid for it. For $20, I would expect a clean vehicle.
The Cosmopolitan is one of my favorites in Vegas.  Nice service, beautiful rooms, great location...all in all, no complaints. Love the Chandelier bar as well. Definitely would try to stay here when I'm in town.
Store is not at address on Neil street. It is near hhgregg on prospect. Someone should update the address/location.
The worst service ever. Not helpful at all. Definitely turn to this weird and stingy old man if you wanna pay for being verbally abused.
Quiet theater. Never packed. I wish locals would visit more. We need to keep in business.
Brought the kiddos over to Zen Zen because it was by their pediatrician as a way to go, you did it! treat. I was unimpressed with their selection of flavors and toppings compared to other yogurt places in the valley. It was ok, but nothing to write home about.
I ordered the crispy duck today and it was HORRIBLE. I had one bite and that was all that I could take. Do not order the DUCK. Catfish and panang was still pretty good.
Really yummy. Went in when the place was empty so the owner talked us through the menu and made recommendations, had us try the Brazilian sauce. I ended up getting the Brazilian flatbread which is definitely a unique dish and it was delicious.
Cornish Pasty is our favorite neighborhood restaurant. The food, staff and drinks are amazing! We describe the pasties as a glorified hot pocket. My favorite is The Royale and potato/leek soup.The $3 car bombs are a great \"dessert\" option. We are never disappointed when we go
Staff is great, product is great, poor location. You will be harassed by homeless people and pedestrians if you sit on the patio. It is right next to one of the busiest light rail stops. Constant panhandlers if you are on the patio, no joke. After I had 5 in 10 minutes once, I stopped going there.
Yuck! Food old and service was terrible! Dont try askin for sushi the wont make it for you with out a bad attitude. Will not return!
I have to admit I have only been here for breakfast.  The chicken fried steak and pancakes are a win!  The omelets are great.  We have been about 6 times and every time has been great.
This guy is amazing I brought in a picture of how I wanted my hair cut and he made it happen.. It's not easy to do Asian hair.. our hair will stick up like crazy if cut wrong.. The only thing I would say is parking was a bit of an issue.. Overall he is fast..
Went there to watch NFL game.   Food mediocre at best and service was awful.  The only thing that could have made our waiter less attentive was if he had the day off. Stay away.
I found the service here quiet good. They kept refilling my drink. I ended up with 4 rolls in front of me at one point he was making them faster then I could eat them. So over all my experience went well. I would go again.
Great burgers....4 star because they are very salty. You don't need salt to cover up the beef flavor people! Fries are great and crispy but again overly salted. Can't go wrong with having a beer either....you are going to need it with all the salt.
we went three for st, patrick day. Two harps bottle beers and 12 oyster costs $40.
Nice price but a bit expensive.  Room was great with good view of fountains. The staff was friendly and helpful
The food is fabulous......always hot, fresh, and super yummy! The service is kind of slow and hard to get refills on drinks but otherwise its great....I don't mind the mediocre service in exchange for delicious food.
The service has been great both times we have visited and the food is consistent and flavorful! We will make sure to visit whenever we get to vegas!
Nice 80's and 90's music. Many pool tables and fussball. Overall a nice place but surprisingly empty on some nights.
Awful place with deceptive business practices.  Please see my review below.
I do not have much to say about this place other than the food is horrible.\n\nthe people are nice but the food is horrible if you are itialian and the cook is not even itialian.\n\nstay away if you want real itialian food.
Definitely a solid place to eat.  Good food.  Good prices.  Great view of the Bellagio fountains.  Would definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas. =)
I like this Wal-Mart. It's smaller than most, but still has a good selection. It's very clean. The workers are pleasant. They will take the time to help you if you ask. Usually a short or no wait when checking out.
Great for to go/takeout, cute, small dine-in area, really good quality food...\nGreat Gyro and Kebob...\nWill repeat often
Came here for a beer with a few friends, not sure what all the hype is about.
Not friendly staff, very overpriced rooms, no view, lousy maid service, and worst was the smell of recycled smokey air from the casino in our room!!!
If you have a hankering for chicken strips this is the place to go!  Lots of options for dipping sauces and perfect atmosphere for kids!
Loved this place. Great atmosphere and friendly attentive staff. Would definitely come back. The sweet potato fries are hands down the best I've ever eaten.
I went here once with a friend for breakfast.  The food just wasn't good.  I won't say it was the worst food I have ever had, but definitely nothing enjoyable at all.  I've never been back.  It's too bad because it's the only breakfast place I know of in the area.
Its a bank,  they take your money, invest with it, make money off of it, they take a bail out, and still charge you a monthly fee.
Thoroughly unremarkable pizza but good beer selection earns Brixx an extra star.\n\nMy bbq pizza's crust was just kind of dry and tasteless. But I could drink Stone beer among other brews I like so Brixx isn't a lost cause.
Flowed up with brunch here. Great food with your choice of drink for the brunch specials. I had the huevos con chorizo y papas and it was excellent. My wife tried the chilaquiles, added eggs and loved them.... And she knows legit Hispanic food. Service is great as well.
I ordered the squid salad from this place.. And I was throwing up all afternoon.. Don't eat here if you want to spend the day healthy and happy
We have had cafeteria food better than this.\n\nMy wife had Greek Penne.\nI had Caneloni di pollo.\n\nThe Greek Penne was not even edible.\n\nThe wait staff was nice but unconcerned that my wife ate three bites of her meal.
This company is good at cleaning your pockets and that's it. Terrible experience even after they were sent back to re-clean. This company does business under numerous names so check out the phone  number - buyer definitely BEWARE - awful cleaning service.
The food is tasty, and the service friendly. It's a bit pricey, though. I would return.
Good italian resto the restaurant is nicely and more of an upscale style bistro. The food is good, comparable to other good italian restaurant doesnt really have the extra oomph where i can say that they are better  than other italian resto's in the valley.
Thank you Nick for helping us resolve the issue with our purchase!! SUPERIOR Service. Happy happy. :-)
Horrible shop! Unprofessional, rude, and not good crew. Their customer service sucks! They don't keep their appointment they make plenty of excuses! Also, they have horrible personalities! Makes you never want to go back. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!
Great PHO and beautiful restaurant!
The drive-thru is more like a slow-thru half the time I come here but I've never had a drink order wrong! Starbucks is Starbucks though.
Best Italian food in north Scottsdale for the money.  If you know of another one, let me know.  Their antipasto misto is the best I've had in AZ. Linguini with clams is to die for :) Very friendly service.  I'll never go back to Macaroni Grill!
Six dollars for an orange juice. Six dollars! You could get a meal for that elsewhere. Ridiculously expensive for what it is.
Food is not so authentic but the best there is in Madison.
Get the combo, SO tasty.  I liked the beef better than the chicken.
Customer service what friendly and helpful. The portions could have been a little bigger and the spicy salsa could have been \"spicy\". Over all it was a nice little place.
Labs usually require a long wait unless you make an appointment in advance which I never remember to do.
Blech. Sorry. I try to find one positive even with places I don't care for. The hostess was very sweet and friendly. I got food to go, but things needed to replenished at 6:30 and what we did try was mediocre at best. Won't be back.
Portabello mushroom, roma tomato, feta cheese flatbread was delish. A little pricy but you're paying for the all natural local ingredients which made for fresh taste. Got that and bottled h20 for about 10.50$
AWESOME food, service and atmosphere! From dinner to brunch every dish I have had was very delicious. The staff does an awesome job and the prices are great....making this a perfect hangout spot! Love this place :)
Service sucks.  Not follow up or communication.  Spent almost 3.5 hours waiting for a New Car Purchase  3 month/3000 mile check up.
Poor selection with overpriced hair products. I could name a million other phx hair stores that blow this one out of the water when it comes to selection and pricing. Cute decor, but that's about it.
YAWN! this place is horridly expensive and the food is crap... seriously? but i suppose they have to have those prices to pay the decorator bill...
Tried dim sum for the first time last week, and enjoyed it. The food opportunities felt endless!  The shrimp, rolls and noodles were all delicious...I can't remember everything that we had.  It does get really busy, but we had great service.  I'd highly recommend trying it if you haven't yet.
Great rooms. Traveling with two small kids and wish there was a small light to leave on at night so you can see when they get up. All the lights are too big and bright. Staff is great check in and next morning at breakfast. Really good little breakfast. I booked over aa.com using airline miles simple and easy.
Wife wanted to try these donuts so I got some for Mother's Day, they were a hit! Good donuts and polite owner, will be back!
3 hours to retrieve my car from valet!!! Would I come back to this low class hotel again? Absolutely not in my lifetime even if they offer me to stay there for free. The service was lousy and overrated. Even Circus Circus has better service than this slump. My first and last time...
I got an eyebrow and upper lip wax a few months ago. I came in thinking ok this is going to take 5 minutes. The lady gave like a face massage. Which was nice, and took her time. Which normally would be amazing but I was running late to meet a friend. Might come back again.
The food was taste but was cold. The service wasn't very good. They didn't check back to see if we wanted anything until we were almost finished eating. We would have had soy sauce, it want on the table. We couldn't get the servers attention to ask for anything don't  think I'll be back.
The (big Juan ) burrito is the size of your forearm and is amazing.  Plan on a nap after your done eating it.
Just came here for a couple beers.  Good atmosphere on a Thursday night.  There was a band playing and hockey on TV so I was entertained.
The bagels are on the tough and chewy side, and the orange juice (which for some reason I though would be fresh) tasted like Minute Maid. If that sounds like your idea of good food, go for it! Seriously, this place is okay, but it's nothing special - decent enough food, but nothing amazing.
I was in town visiting a friend and he said this was a good local bar where we could have a couple beer and play a game of poker. I wish there were something like that in OC. Apparently they have a HUGE soccer following..we were there in January. A good time!
As for the food, the girls are fresher than the food in their short shorts.\nThe place is dingy..It might be a good hang out if you like smokey bars with poker machines. Once was enough for me.\nThis is a dive !!!
Gross.  It was really pricey for not good food.
Always a bargain to be found
Diner style, great menu, lots of variety.  Helpful waitress.  Food was great!  I nice break and just one block from the Strip!
When I step into a fast food restaurant, I prefer not to be greeted with bible quotes adorning the walls and Fox News blaring on multiple televisions.  I feel like 75% of every dollar I spend at Culver's goes directly to the RNC.  With that said, the ButterBurger is pretty damn good.
Wasn't bad not over crowded today, not nearly as big as the old W&W might be a little disappointed if that's what you're expecting. Food prices are average $8.99 for a burger and fries. I will be going back for more summer fun.
terrible cocktails. didn't eat.
No air conditioner! We all sweated as we ate, it's an oven in here!! Worst mc Donald and dinning experience of the summer. How can you have the dinning room open when you have no air and it's over 100 degrees
This place has been my favorite for a long time, I wont go anywhere else to get my pedicures. They are very friendly, caring and always do an amazing job. You also get great service for a good price :)
The OMG burger & fish tacos were awesome! Great place to spend a few hours...recommend a cabana!
Great lunch specials! Garlic edamame ... yes!
Delicious, fresh, reasonable. Something for everyone.\nExpect to wait, but it's worth it!
When you go out of your way to get something, you know it's better than good. \n\nI will go out of my way to get a cup of their Strawberry-Mint-Basil gelato. You should too.
This subway has terrible service. The food is just ok and the space is not well kept.
Second time here last Sunday, and pretty sure I got a mild intestinal bug (as did my husband). Ugh. The Sunday brunch pig out is the likely culprit.
Good Margaritas the guacamole is so yummy.  One of the best in town.
Good, affordable sushi.  Great service.  Interesting techno music choices.  And, when I say interesting, I mean who expects to hear Public Enemy mixed with I don't know what electronica at a sushi house?  Definitely going back...
This is delicious. Always on point and you can pick up!
As with the previous reviewer I did not know this was a chain. \n\nPalomino provided a good quality experience with a good selection of choices and good service. \n\nA reliable standby for your dinner if you are stuck in a hotel in downtown Pittsburgh.
I was sent here to get x-rays done when I was in a car accident.  Nothing got screwed up, so I was happy with the job they did.  The guy that did my x-rays was pleasant to chat with while he worked.
Good for the management to reach out and connect with me.  I hope they are sincere in making an effort to make this establishment a better experience for everyone.
Excellent food, desserts and coffee. Very friendly staff and a bright, happy enviroment. Highly recommend you try this place!
Stopped for food on our way home from a weekend in MN. Service was good, food was the norm for Culver's fare. If you stop here (or any Culver's for that matter) do yourself a favor and get the cheese curds. It's a Culver's must!
Mmmm... Beer... and the grub ain't to shabby either.\n\nWho does not like roasted peanuts with the shell and pitch them on the floor after eating the nuts?
If you've been to Miyagis on Sunset strip in Hollywood, it's like that but Vegas style. Sushi was decent - had better, had worse. Sake menu was pretty large. Really, it's an nightclub with a decent sushi menu for a nightclub. I'd go back with that in mind.
Went here with a group of friends and was pleasantly surprised! Great food, and $3 pints of Guinness. The place just had a great atmosphere, friendly staff, and played great music! If you're looking for a fun place to have a pint with friends, definitely check out Tyber!
It's a nice hotel-casino and a nice atmosphere inside with the miracle mile shops. We attended the holly Madison show here. Parking like any other hotel in Vegas is aplenty but hard to find closer to the elevators.\n\nIt appears to be oriented towards a younger crowd.
Food poisoning from chicken wings ordered on 3/20/13.  Throwing up some nasty chicken.  Avoid this place!
Wish I could review the food but can't.... Was seated with a friend at 9pm tonight, hostess was very friendly. Unfortunately after 15 mins no one even acknowledged us at the table. We left. :(
Great service and I love going there for lunch specials.  The steaks are well cooked and they put out a nice salad bar. I love that you can also still get the sizzler cheese bread.
Don't know why this place gets busy. I felt sick eating my chicken yakisoba bowl so I threw it away. I'd rather go to the teriyaki places at a food court in a mall.
$11 foot long. 30 minute wait. Register lady tried every upsale they offer (double meat, cookies, drink, water, etc).  Sandwich was good though. Thus the two stars.
Worth. Every. Penny.  I think the aioli overpowers the crab but to each their own.  The asparagus was perfectly cooked and mac & cheese was awesome.  Try the heirloom tomato salad and/or ceviche to start, SO FRESH!
Curiously flavorless food. Music is apparently kept at a loud volume to cover the sound of the droning fans in the kitchen area. Liquor in house margarita may have been measured in an eye dropper. Dining room is functional, but far from comfortable. Those giving this place five stars really should get out more.
No one ever answers the phone or returns messages. WTF? WHY SO MANY ZERO FRIENDS REVIEWS? I smell a skunk.
The main shortcoming is the lousy premixed house margaritas.  They need to address that.  But the food is amazing, and the service is good.  I may become a regular.
Great burger, nice beer selection and excellent service.
OK, the patio is great - fun drinks and lively place.  I would give the food an average rating though.  Not bad but not great.   I would go for some nachos and tortillas and enjoy a marg on the patio on a lovely evening.
Awesome dinner, be ready for a good kick! Margaritas were great too
There is nothing better than fried food, specifically broccoli, after some (or many) drinks at the Pig. Service is usually good, great considering the fact that they're putting up with a lot of drunken shenanigans. Also, you can get fried food to go and take it back to the Pig or Mike and Molly's.
Totally hip place to see the Bellagio fountain show bad enjoy some good beverages and fare!
We stopped by last Sunday at 2pm. Non-gameday and not busy. The floor of the bar was dirty with stepped on food and trash. & the bar reeked - the odors given off my unclean bar mats and beer lines that haven't been cleaned out in ages. We had a round & left.
Mint Oreo concrete mixers are fantastic!  They do a great job here.  Always fast service and they get it right!
Update: they added a gorgeous new countertop (sans coffee wobbling mosiacs) and (ta-da!) a glass enclosed bakery display case! My friend Jefferson can now order his pastries with confidence.
Best sushi in area.  Once they get the right service, this place will grow on word of mouth.
Stopped in for tennpenyaki and  really enjoyed the place. Our chef George was very entertaining and interactive. George was not Japanese but did a great job on the food. I have been to alot of place for tennpenyaki and for sure this will be my stop again when I an in town. Thank you. Jumbo Jack
I love to go to BJ's with my friends, great fun!
Ok...I was kinda disappointed.  I guess I expected more acrobatics, and more humor, and not sooooo much dancing.  At least now I know, and will be sure to hit up pretty much any OTHER Cirque show, or Le Reve, next time I'm in Vegas.
Not good. This place is seriously overpriced for the quality of food you get. I got a taco salad, and granted, it was filling, but it was not really very good; the lettuce was kind of wilty, the meat was chewy, and it made me feel quite ill later.
Great food, good prices, fun atmosphere!  It does get crowded so expect a little wait.
The steak there is not amazing for what you pay... I just feel there are better alternatives after being there a fee times.
Won't go back!
Jack in the box is very similar to Burger King quality for probably a much cheaper price.  The fries, very much like BK, were actually delicious, but the burger was probably the worst fast food burger I've ever had.  There were also a few homeless people hanging out inside this restaurant and trying to hit us up for change.
We like Barro's but this location was not as good as some of the others. I would go back, but I prefer the location in Mesa or Gilbert better.
Not my favorite bar in the area, but it is a welcome oasis of dinginess in the ever-Gapified State St. area.  A lot of pool tables, dart boards, etc. And you'll usually walk out with a good story to tell on account of the...um...personalities that hang out there.
Great value for a Vegas-stay. We stayed here with our children and this place was clean and comfortable. The room was spacious with a large bathroom and the kids loved the pool. Would return in the future at any time.
A nice quiet airport with plenty of shopping. The womens restroom has a bathroom attendant and is very clean
After trying out Pho Saigon 8 I came here to see what was in this little market. The store size although small has plenty of things to purchase. They carried plenty of noodles,produce, canned goods. The store also had some dishes and Chinese altar decorations.
So far so good. This was the only bar in the airport that wasnt mobbed with people. They have AC power at the 2 end booths. This is located in the B terminal, near gate B8 (the yelp pin is misleading). The biggest problem with this place is that they close at 3PM! :-(
Not impressed.  They didn't even have fries because their fryer wasn't working.
We stopped here to eat while in Vegas. The food was awesome! Everyone was super nice too. Big portions for the money. I told all my friends to go there. Can't say enough!!
Great spot to find a wide variety of records, and most other things music related! They also have guitars and amps, and everything is priced fairly. The owner is friendly and always helpful to answer any questions you may have. I mostly enjoy that they have records old and new. You're bound to find entertainment when you walk through the door!
Wanted to like this place but most of the food is bland.  We have tried the burgers, chicken, hummus, spin dip, gyro and everything is ok just on the bland side.  We like the organic options, fresh ingredients, and the menu so we gave it three stars for fairly average flavor.
I always stop in here for a sex on the beach, they have the best although I never get service down here so I don't stay for long.
Good coffee. Good desserts. I like it.
the room is big, but the air condition makes more noise than air the wi-fi cost money is this from roosevelt era? every BB provides free wi-fi today long waiting time foir evelators
Basically the younger brother/sister of Blue Martini that tries desparately to be a cowboy themed club. Haven't tried the food, dance floor is a stage a garage band\ncouldn't fit on, but they have quality drinks, a friendly staff, and a great happy hour.... So 3 outta 5
Large room, comfortable bed, bad TV, only vending machines for food. Air conditioner was on its last leg but I got a great rate and it served its purpose.
Update: my husband went back and spoke with the manager, who insisted that there is no way they can accept paper vouchers despite the fact that Yelp states that they can. Caveat emptor.
Very refreshing on a hot day. Personal fave is coconut/vanilla with some cream on top. Also, the drive thru is extra convenient for the lazy types.
3 stars for food BUT as another review had happen, my girlfriend ordered her steak medium and it was mostly rare. \n    Really? How does a place like this struggle with temperatures?\n    It was still good but come on. I will not be back.
On a whim I tried this place. Got the Singapore rice noodles and overall it was pretty good. Food came out fast. Can't speak about the staff as I got take out. I will go here again. Got a lot of food for the money
Extremely friendly service like a sushi restaurant. But you have to really like Ramen because that's about all they have. And it just didn't seem like the food was easy to get excited about.
Bring headphones.  This was by far the loudest library I have ever been to and the only thing said was...\"oh yeah it is usually louder the last hour we are open.\"  The employees didn't seem to care and at some points were just as loud as the kids running around screaming and their parents.
Great food, service is bad (very slow). Came here twice. First time was slow but good food so we came back (good price for all u can eat). Second time was even slower. Took over 2 hours to complete the order. I'm sure it's their policy for all u can eat. :-/
Love the blue margarita!
Hair found in food. Disgusting. I heard the kitchen manager drops food etc. I guess is true. Will never return.
I went back. Had the chicken again. It was much better and now Stacy get's four.. count em.... four Stars!
When I am in Phoenix this is a must have for me.  The happy hour special is what got me going there and the food and drinks keep me coming back.  The pepperoni is my all time favorite with overlapping petite pepperonis that curl up into little bowls.  The appetizers and salads are also tasty.
The seats are not comfortable at all- my back always hurts when I watch a movie here. I used to watch movies here when I lived in the area, when there was no other place to go. I would much rather go to Sam's Town, if we are on that side of town.
The food was awful. Why anyone would eat here while in Vegas beats me. Countless other dining options to choose from. Lesson learned.
great sandwiches! and the sweet tea is awesome! i will be going there allot lol.
The pork was dry to me but my husband loved it when i brought it home as a left over...
Ok.   I will admit it.  I'm not big on Mexican food or fast food.   That being said ETL taco is an occasional guilty pleasure.  Big menu and everything doesn't taste the same like Taco Bell    There are actually quite a few thing I like on the menu...  Enough to make it hard to choose some times
This review is for the shop near Ulta on Eastern. Nicely decorated, however, the service I received was poor. I went in for a quick clean up, asked that the eyebrows be left thick. Instead one was SUPER thin and almost straight while the other thick and arched!!!
I ordered a Pizza with Chicken and Mushrooms. It came with tomatoes on it. The woman was rude and refused to do anything when we called. I drove down there to return it and they still would not refund me.
almost out of munchkins?  wtf?  i drive 1200 miles for a dunkin donuts and they are almost out of munchkins and regular donuts for that matter!  wtf????  and it was 3pm!!!!!!!!!!!  OMG.
OMG food was horrible, mashed potatoes were watered down, cheeseburger completely raw in the middle and cold, no tarter sauce for fish-are you kidding me?  Waited over an hour for a table for horrible service and foo
Great pub with friendly atmosphere and an excellent selection of food and drink. Great for a catch up with friends.
I gotta say that if you have never tried Pho, you may think this place is the end all be all. It gets 3 stars from me because of the exposure it has given Viet food in the valley.  there are much better restaurants than Cyclo, with much better value and menus.
Horrible customer joe the manager. Will cancel my service  because of this store very rude
Don't waste your time.  Slots are tight, the help doesn't wanna be there, and the indians are hell to work for.\n\nWhy visit a place like that?  Save up and goto Vegas.
Their tacos are ok when you're in a hurry. I wish that Jack-In-the Box would get with it like McDonalds and offer $1 large soft drinks. That keeps me from patronizing Jack on a more consistent basis.
The vegan wrap is not vegan- it is a play on their title--  the idiot manager tried to explain it- yeah I get it- it's stupid- disgusted-
Did not like it. Luke warm food that was not appetizing or tasteful. Not the cleanest establishment.
Conference room is small\nIce machine requires room key\nBreakfast is oaky\nNot the best location\nStaff is okay
Just ate there last night with my girlfriend, and it was AWESOME!!!  The braised short rib flakes off as you push down with your fork, the cocktails are great, and even their take on a fish taco has its own novel nuances.
Bad service. Really really bad. Food is okay
Keeps getting better and better.  The Commons across the street is better during the day.\n\nIf you are partying at night, this is your spot.
Big portions decent service but food was only ok tasting and pricy if had better for less
When you go to bar you want a drink right?  Well what do you drink?  They have it. Hands down best beer/drink selection around. Staff members go above and beyond for any customer.
Nobody speaks English. Security doesn't let you enter with a Sports Bag. Cashers are slow and waiting lines are long. It's also not very Clean and the Air stinks there. \nBut Mexicans will always buy from them, not me.
Hands down the most flavorful and best Bloody Mary I've ever had. Sara can sure mix em up! Probably one of the most personable bartenders too. Thanks for a great time Sara!
Tried the New York Beef, it was thin sliced roast beef dipped in aus ju and had peppers and onions. It was ok, nothing special. The bread was really good.
No, not so good as everybody says\n\nWe got to Wait for 20 minutes before seated. \n\nA little a bit expensive \n\nNot fresch vegs. Frosen then boiled
I just visited this place last night. The food is great. The service was good. I plan to visit the place again soon. Definitely recommend the place to others.
A wonderful choice to eat here, wonderful seafood and steak but the mushroom Gorgonzola appetizer was to die for!!!!
Warning! Don't rent a bike there , they make you own the first $2000 if anything happens to the bike your fault or not, not worth the risk their crooks.
Fun idea.  Crazy interesting combinations thrown on bread.   We went after seeing on Man VS Food but I was less than blown away.   I think you should go, just don't plan on having the best quality food of your life.   The overall experience was fun.
Huge portions, great tasting food, and very good service. I will be back again.
I chose this burger place, and I think that Modern Burger would probably have been a better airport choice.  My burger was overcooked, and it didn't taste good at all, despite all of the bragging about being cooked in butter.  Skip it.
New restaurant,  innovative northern Indian cuisine,  executed perfectly. First visit we had the following from the lunch menu, Chicken Tikka Masala, Dal Makhani, Naan, Fire Cracker Chicken. Unsweetened iced tea, and Chai tea. Everything was amazing! We will be back!
The place is nice but it would be great if they would be consistent... Every time you go the food is different
Great location. But the rooms are out dated and dirty. It feels like I walked into casino the movie.very old rooms. Small and dirty.
Excellent food, huge servings!  Definitely worth a revisit...  \nAny if you are a big eater, 2 lbs of noodles, 2 lbs of meat... plus the jackpot...
the biggest problem i have about this place is the attitude of the servers and the hostesses. the employees  are a bunch of assholes and food isn't that great..who has time for this shit when LV has some of the best food in the world..fuck'em where they breath..
Nice place to visit to remind you how good the real thing was.  Best to go on the weekends as thats when the schweinshaxe is served.
Worst hot dog ever.
This is a great 3rd day visit when your in Vegas. It's the old Vegas, laid back. It has a lot of neon and loud music. Stop and check out the graffiti artists....they are very good.
If you call this sushi, it would be a real insult to those real professional sushi chef who study and work hard to earn their titles.  Let me just say, I can not find anything right about this place. Sorry!!  The word Sushi and Sushi chef comes with an extensive training not a privilege of a color of your skin.
Not sure what everyone raves about, service was terrible, and the crowd was thin.  I didn't eat, so I can't tell you about the food, I was going to eat, but based on how long it took to get a drink I went to Mac's to eat and you should too.
not good! Stale taco shells and very little meat inside..We left hungry!! Pay for chips and salsa? What's that about?
Great food & atmosphere. The pizza is thick-crusted and fantastically greasy! Yum!! Classy glasses held our water, fabric napkins kept us clean during our feast & enjoyed the music. Thanks Vinnie for a fabulous lunch!
Good food and good pricing!
Eh. But I guess we deserve that because it was one of the cheaper hotels. \nThe sheets are like sand paper. The carpet in the entire room was wet -- not sure why...\nNothing special.
An excellent restaurant. Quality of food is high. Imaginative menu. We have eaten here before and will do so again. Well run and well managed, but hectic before AZ.
Clean as a whistle.\nGood beds.\nGood shower.\nCarpet seemed very new and clean.\nBreakfast was good. Nothin fancy. Coffee was very good.\nFriendly people at the desk.\nGood price.\nI will be back!!!
Great burgers!!! Good drinks!! A little strange eating in a booth with sheriff Joe's picture though.
Witnessed staff accepting cash and then making food without changing gloves or washing their hands.   Completely disgusted by this.   Not coming back to this location.
What an incompetent group of people. How hard is it to correct a last name and an address I've never even lived at???
I went specifically for the Ferragamo store and was very disappointed with selection and the price points. Prices are hardly outlet on most of the shoes and the inventory was very weak. I find shopping online to be a better alternative. Not impressed :(
Nini always takes good care of me !
Service was slow when we were there on Saturday 3/15/14.  Food was ok. I was still a little hungry.
Amazing fries and burger. Can't wait to go back. Great ambiance. Large draft beer selection. Thumbs up.
This place is consistently fantastic. The drinks are strong and the DJ, even in the lounge area, is on point.
This companies labor rates are higher then a dealership. For that rate you are better off going to the Original Dealer...\n\nWay OVER PRICED.... I DO NOT RECOMMEND..
Second time going here and even recommended from Verizon wireless! Can't complain about anything! The gentlemen that I seen this time for the second time even let me use his personal phone to make a phone, being that I couldn't use my own! Have yet to be disappointed!
Best Doc in town. Over booked and understaffed. As a result, being a patient can be a sometimes long and painful endurance process. Dr. Bronstein is a good guy and a fine doctor. Sadly the support staff doesn't offer much so be aware before you go.
What a wonderful fun experience. We cannot wait to book our next painting. Melissa and staff keep up the great work! You were all entertaining and awesome. Thank you for a super fun Night. = )
Great location! I really like going here. They have a great floor area with every office tool I could need. They have very helpful associates and are very good about getting my jobs done on time. Very good experience, and I will be coming back!
Best shrimp fried rice ever. Prices are normal but the food is above avg. I try to make it here 2 times a month.
Old hotel but always filled with guest and tourists. The Jaba was a great addition to this hotel!
Their website says they deliver.  After spending 20 minutes looking at their menu and putting together my $80 order, I call and I'm told \"sorry we don't deliver\".  Inaccurate information on a business website is a big giant no-no.  Waste of my time.
Best wings in Phoenix. My fave are the golden wings, medium; prepared like hot wings but a bit sweeter. Order wings hot and the server will warn you and you can't send them back.
Food isn't great. Wait for the  steam cart takes forever. Server doesn't clear table until ask and they give you that ugly look. I came here because Cathay restaurant is closed for renovation.
THE BEST MARGARITAS EVER! Great service, although I got a salad with salmon on it that was rancid. They replaced it with chicken and it was great. I suggest not getting seafood there. My sister had great tacos but said the beans were mediocre. Will return!
Great pub tucked away. We started our St. Patty's Day celebration here just to grab a quick bite. Then ended up staying half the night because it was so fun. I wish I lived closer to uptown to make this a go-to pub.
Your average overpriced airport food lounge and bar. Had time to kill between connections..and needed breakfast..the waiter was pretty slow, seemed like he was overeworked with the...6 or so people in the bar...
cherry blossom has good ramen, but their selection of ramen is VERY limited. everyone should go though, to see what real ramen is like. hopefully they'll expand their ramen selections in the future.
Meh...The person I went with liked the food and he's Asian, so maybe that says something about the place. I personally didn't like it and I dont think Im that picky. I say if you have other options take them and leave this for a last resort.
The pasta is just okay but really nothing to write home about. The cheesecake was good and as \"Forest Gump\" would say \"that's all I have to say about that\".
Two room suite is spacious and price right. Decor is a bit outdated but service was good and price great.  Fantastic place to stay with kids.
Good ribs and big portions!!!  service is always good too.
Basic menu. Wings are below average. There are many other bar and grills you can go to in Vegas. I'd pass on this place.
The men's room is hideous. It is worth going to the Hide to see this bathroom.  You'll take photos to share on Facebook. And if you're ever sent to a ISIS prison and someone says the bathrooms are disgusting.  You can say this is nothing.  I've pissed at The Hideaway
Had lunch will a fellow yelper here..  From the broken ATM to the dry, bland chicken, I'd have a hard time recommending this place.  I may give it a second chance because I want it to be good, but there are plenty of good mexican places nearby..
Stay home and eat a frozen Swanson meal, it will be much better than any of the slop this joint serves.
My second visit I had the BLT - although I swapped out the bacon for a piece of cheese. It was excellent...a much better sandwich than the one I had on my first visit!
LOVE, LUST... whatevs \n\nthe 1/2 190 octane 1/2 Cat 5 hurricane w/ an extra shot tube is the bomb. com ;)\n\n\ncant wait to try the Peachtree Bellini next time
Had some great tuna sushi here. Also enjoyed the miso adamame and some beef cooked on a small rock. The dinners looked huge. The service satff is friendly. Due to the premi quality of the food the avg meal is around. 50 to 60 per person.
tragic to learn of the closing. Been eating here for 10+ years. Where will we get BBQ Shrimp with Maytag Blue Cheese Cole Slaw?!?!?!?!
I've only been there late at night and the food was never good. Might be better during normal hours but I doubt it.
One of my favorite hours of the day, is in this studio. They have great teachers and staff. Yes they are moving to Life Power, but your practice, your breath, your pace. Most of the teachers will be the same. As soon as I take a class there I will write a review about there studio. Can't wait!
This Walmart has it all. Groceries, garden, ammunition, nail salon, pharmacy, etc. It's huge and a great one stop shop. Great prices of course! \n\nPlenty of parking and plenty of cashiers.
Finally a place that understands the true meaning of \"Extra Cheese\".
I have to admit, I thought it was going to be better. At its price it's good,but paying a few dollars more gets you better Indian in PGH. Sweet woman owns and operates the store. But please try it and give her some support
Fantastic. Simple menu, fast and friendly service and great pizza at a reasonable price.
So much to do! We have the season pass so I never feel as if we have to see the whole zoo. Season passes are the way to go with families! Just wish their food prices were lower.
Good deep-dish pizza, but the beer tends to be pretty skunky. Maybe we're just there on bottom-of-the-keg nights, but it's unpleasant to try to wash down delicious cheesy goodness with flat beer that tastes like greasy plastic tubing.
Amazing sushi..I had the rainbow roll p;us split the Cherry Blossom both were awesome:) Can't wait to go back.
Wonton soup was great but the teriyaki chicken was very dry and if anything tasted old delivery took a good amount of time as well
Was looking to cut off the mop I had going and saw the reviews on this place. Walked in and they fixed me up right with the freshest cut I've ever had! Thank you! I'll definitely be back!
I was very disappointed in the freshness of their bagels. I came here early on a monday morning and the bagels were hard and dry. Their Jalapeno spread was very good at masking the horribleness of their bagels which was why I gave them 2 stars.
Amazing food, great prices, very clean inside. The empenadas are the best!!! The arepas are super good too!
Terrible service. Took me like an hour to check in. They only have one person doing the registrations.  They also sell water for 4$....
It's okay I don't have anything to say really the customer service is ok and the food is okay only had one bad experience where all of my tacos were crushed couldn't eat them with out a spoon it was horrible.
This Wendy's is a training facility. You get what what you pay for. If its something they don't have to assemble your safe, otherwise don't even slow down to make the turn.
Cheap fun for families. How can you beat picking your own sweet, juicy peaches and it only sets you back $2 per pound. Get there early or you should be happy in crowds because it gets crowded fast.
Food was just ok. Nothing special about it. Service was ok. Server forgot to bring my water out for almost ten minutes, until I reminded him. Also waited a while for the check. Would have been 2 stars, but he made up for it at the end by trying to hold a conversation with us.
The girlfriend and I came here looking fo some good sushi. Its pretty good kind of expensive for what I thought it was worth. The service there is acceptable
i just ate half of a cockroach.  Gross.  Never going here again.
This review is only for tacos.\n\n\nHands Down Get the Carnitas Tacos and order 6 at a time you will not be disapointed.  \n\nMole Tacos are good well seasoned.\n\nI would go back to try some noodles next time...
So Fresh Mama let us host a Homeschool Board Game Day in their space and it was amazing.  The have a really cool area with a fountain and they have a fount of tasty treats of the vegan persuasion.  So counter the naughty with a little nice this year.
raw chicken is unacceptable in anyones plate! The meal should have been free for both my guest and I...for this I remove a star. Take care of your clients because saying sorry sometimes isn't enough no matter how sweet you can be!
I only needed the WIFI, but if I were into books, dvds, cds, records etc. THIS IS THE PLACE.
Been in a few times with a couple different barbers. Can't go wrong with any of them! Great hours and easy to get to!!
Worst pizza I've ever tasted ,  sometimes you eat something and one thing might be bad about it , but this pizza everything is bad the topping s sauce chee but especially the crust \nJust to eat it had to use a lot of parmasean and crushed pepper and ranch , \n\nWon't be coming back
Gross, microwaved food, slow service, cheap salsa, beans are watery mess. Bean dip is awfull.  Much better places then this place, go somewhere else for mexican, taco bell would be better.
Sub par food. Waiting time is terrible, didn't get drinks for 30 min and food for like 1 1/2 hours. Just cause there's a party going on doesn't mean you ignore your other customers
Yuk!\n\nMe no likey your chiney.
I'm not a member here, but I took my neighbor shopping here.  It appears to be a nice enough discount warehouse store.  The only thing that really got me was that they had to take all four bags of 40 pound water softener salt out of our cart and move it to another.  It seems such a stupid waste of effort.
Poor, poor customer service by Dr. James D Loo, MD\nAfter five years I have to say I've had enough and will find a Doctor that takes care of his/her patient.\nI recommend staying clear of this office and doctor!\nJ
Love the free wi-fi and the fly by lanes in terminal 4.\nI'll probably bump up my review once all the new food choices get in!
Overall food was ok, service was terrible, and bathroom had baby cockroaches.. So I was terrified.. I didn't go in there till I was done dinner..
Incredible resto... The place is very nice and great atmosphere. The service was PARFAIT. Everybody was incredible. \n\nThe food? Amazing and great choice... And the wine selections? Just phenomenal.
Hey, its nice.  Good food, good drinks, very cosy...and again, NO SMOKING...a perfect place.  Great for after work gatherings...
Absolutely amazing! The cost is extremely low especially for the quality!
I go here and get delivery a lot.  While parking isn't the easiest, the food is always good, the staff are friendly, and the delivery is quick.
We returned after several months and we're really surprised how slow they were for a Saturday.  The menu has changed and they didn't have the Poblano Queso we used to order so that was a huge disappointment. Also my husband had to order at least 3 different beers because they had just \"ran out\".
This place is just not very good, there a many places in Henderson that offer better service and food.
No stars for it not being take out when stating it is on yelp. I just waisted $10 on a cab, which could of been a potential $60+ profit just off their menu
Worst service ! I pay MY money & they scream at me where & how to drive! REALLY ???!!!!!  No way I want scratches or their finger prints on my CAddy!!! It was my last time there!!!!!
I like that this is for a good cause. Aside from that the employee who took my order was not welcoming and seemed practically annoyed i was interrupting a conversation. It feels junky and messy vs. artsy and earthy. Not sure what they are going for as far as vibe.
Very sketchy hotel. The rooms felt like a motel. The only reason I gave 2 stars instead of 1 is because it was extremely cheap and in a pretty convenient location. But I would not come here again.
Highly overrated. BYOB charges are high.  Food is average at best and the atmosphere was nothing over the top.\n\nI would have to recommend passing on this one.
This place rocks! One thing I noticed though was you get completely enveloped by the size that in a way the food is not that amazing.\n\ntweet about this place and you get a free drink of the day
I like Denny's as they have many items that are diet friendly. I had the Veggie skillet and it was very tasty. They have quick service and friendly servers. This is a good consistent spot for a nice breakfast.
Went here a few months ago and it was good. Now there is a total disconnect between the bar and the kitchen. Food was not good. Ok place to smoke cigarettes and play video poker. Otherwise, nothing to see here, move along.
The granddaddy of the makers of the tastiest cholesterol time bomb. \n\nMy only gripe is that it gets touristy. If you want a real local Montreal deli, go to Lesters or Snowden.
It's a sandwich I could've made at home but I am not home and I need to eat lunch.
we stayed at the rio for 20 bucks on a sat!  it was great i have no complaints at all, the rooms were adorable  and spacious i would be more than happy to come back, im definately a fan :):):):)
This is somewhat of a small stadium, but very nice for watching basketball. It is very clean and modern in its design. The view is excellent from anywhere in the stadium. There are ample concessions and restrooms located around the concourse. Just watch out for the idiots throwing things and drunkenly punching each other up in the student section.
Good atmosphere and ok service. The enchiladas stack was very good. Not super heavy with a ton of cheese. It was very fresh and flavorful. Their fresh salsa is really good. I think it was my favorite part of lunch. This service was a little slow but still we will be back:)
i like the home fries here!\n\nthey know how to make a proper eggs benedict!
Everyone there was helpful and patient. They could not have been more professional and friendly.
Miriam who helped me is the best. Great customer service here, Very energetic, and super friendly. She made everything easy and got my glasses on tip top shape.  :)
I just had to review SR in Glendale.\n\nUnlike the Sunset Strip location the people here are warm, inviting and overly friendly. \n\nThe happy hour rocks and the food won't leave you hungry by any means!
unpretentious decor; almost on the dingy side. Very friendly and sweet staff. The food was a mixed bag. Was not happy with the sushi rice, which was not seasoned well and slightly dry. Overall a decent dinner, though slightly on the expensive side for what you're getting.
This place was ok.  Not a happening place kinda empty when we got there @ 12:30.  This place is more of a lounge not a club.   Drinks were good and service was fast but this place was kinda boreing.  This place would be a place to get some drinks before clubbing. \n\n-p2
Zero stars. Really disappointed at the \"deal\" we got for pizza. Pizza is marginal at best and felt we got sold a bill of goods as we spent way too much for what we got.
I eat Indian  food today after three day stay in Las Vegas I can't stop to say this is best and wonder full place to eat Indian food . I hop you will try too !!!!!!
Came here for an eyebrow wax. Didn't do a very good job. The eyebrows look the same minus just a few hairs. She waxed around the eyebrows and then tweezed a hair or 2 after but that's it. No trimming or anything. Guess I'll keep looking for a good eyebrow waxing place around here.
Good ice cream, but nothing spectacular.  Had the brownie swirl, which had good taste but felt like it was missing something to make it special.  Good service as well.
This is an awesome place to go and have a good time.  I went last year and now I am writing the review.  All my life people say I put things off and they would be correct.  3 dollar shots of 1800.  Howard did his thing on stage funny as hell.  One day I might get up for open mic and show my talents.
I will never ever order from this place again. Two freaking hours late with my food and they didn't even give me a discount for being late.
Attended a conference and stayed in a suite.  Beautiful grounds.  Rooms were very nice but TVs need to be updated.  Conference rooms were great.  Would have liked to coffee/pastry concession to be open in the conference center.
awesome tapas, had a great time on valentine's day. live music and food. you can't go wrong with that.
A hidden gem on campus!  The staff are friendly and know me by name.  I have sampled most of their sandwiches and they're all delicious.   And the free cookie coming with the meal is just a nice touch.  Love this place.
I never actually got to eat at this place, as they put a flier on my front door. I called to have some food delivered, during their hours of operation... No one ever answered the phone. Guess they must not need the business.
The service at this location is crap. No one speaks English or really cares about customer service
stayed here on my first visit to vegas.  my friend worked for hilton at the time and got the rooms for free, so why not.  found it to be pretty decent.  the thing is, this place is off the strip, and that made it a major PITA.
Very delicious Food, friendly staff, and quick takeout! Tom kha gai soup and cashew shrimp were enough for 2 people! Don't forget to order a Thai tea! Yum!
Strong drinks and great music. I will definitely be coming back every second and third Saturday of the month to get my drunk dance on. The people who attend are super friendly too, I showed up by myself and ended up befriending a group of funny girls. Would go by myself again if I had to.
Very fresh salad, great coffee, but NOT good gluten-free pizza crust.  Unchewable, kinda like industrial cardboard.
Go Pirates!!! That's all I can say. They've made me love baseball and Pittsburgh again. They're only going to get better.
Great Service and Friendly staff. In and out quickly. Will go back for additional services when my truck needs it.
Excellent Pizza. Our Waitress was extremely snobby. Im sure it was just her.. However had salad with bresaola was great very simple nice clean flavors.. The Pizza is awesome Best Pizza and best ingredients so far in Vegas.
We've been here many times and the food is always good. Love the Italian sausage pizza and the one with the pears. Kids eat free Sundays are awesome!! there can be a wait when it's busy during fri/sat rush but worth the wait.
It was ok. I was not blowen over like I was thinking it would do. I'll give it one more shot.
This place was ghetto, in a bad area and the staff was extremely unfriendly. Once I got there I didn't even want to go inside but I did anyway and immediately regretted it. There are tons of clubs in Vegas, go somewhere else!
It's been a month since my haircut and it still looks awesome! Jenni did a great job!
Didn't like the steak there . I ask for medium rare but it was wel done and cold . I am not going back there agian .
Took the tip off of yelp and the reviews were spot on. Great fusion of music and sushi topped off with a great staff. Highly recommend!
Great food and friendly service!  Will go back.
Best healthy mexican food around. I crave it.
Fast service, but the food did not make up for it.  Everything went well until my friend and I sat down. The bathroom was a mess and the food was.. Meh. The Thai tea was not as good as it was way too watered down. I wouldn't come back here just because they accept cash ONLY.
The food is amazing.  I had the pho and my friend had a plate of rice noodles with beef and veggies.  Both dishes were great.  And they use fresh ingredients which is what I loved most about it.  As good as the food was the happy hour drink prices were even better.  This is definitely my new fav restaurant bar.
I have to give these guys props for what they have going on. Cool little comic shop with some awesome merchandise available. I just wish the \"coffee\" portion was a little more sophisticates and prevalent.
I walked in and it immediately smelt like throw up. I couldn't even wait to order-- I had to leave. Gross!
Great food, hamburger, salmon, green fried tomatoes were tasteful!\nI went back to this restaurant twice, as I am from Chicago. I would highly recommend this restaurant.  Service can get slow when the restaurant is full, but the food is great!
Super fluffy bagel with house-made scallion cream cheese,, lox, tomato, onion, and capers! Yum!
The food and beer is amazing but the service usually is slow and sucky.  Don't come in with a time limit.
Mediocre mexican. Priced awesome if you get the special and it's only about $5 for lunch. There wasn't any flavor when I ordered a steak bowl. I prefer Pancheros or Chipotle over Cactus Grill.
Usually a great place. I went this time and no sugar free option. At least one sugar free flavor should be the norm.
The price was right, loved the hummus and chips side, and the staff were really nice without being fake.  I'll have to go back when it is not so fucking hot outside-- it's hard to really enjoy anything in this heat.
Not so great, more of your average tex-mex place.  Good for a corona and nachos though, and good for families as well!  If you want an authentic Mexican restaurant, this isn't the one.
Bed bugs, we found five of them in a minute,  the clerk says everyone in this area has this problem,  might be true, but I would never knowingly stay in a place with bed bugs crawling around me.
This place was awesome! I did my eyebrows by Sephora, who works part time there. She was quick and fast, which is the way I like it. It looked amazing when she was done!! I'm sure glad I went here, I would definitely recommend this place to a friend!
Forget the gross fry bread at the fair. This place is amazing! I probably gain 5 lbs everytime I eat here, but it's totally worth it. The green chili shredded beef is awesome! Nice people, very clean, and somehow its inexpensive.
Horrible service. Took forever to serve the complete order. Don't want to waste more time by writing a more elaborate review.
It's just a gas station, but the clerks are for the most part extremely friendly and it's on the freeway side.
I'm really disappointed. The experience was really bad. The food was under-seasoned. I prefer Olive Garden over Carrabba for sure. \nI don't think I will come back to this chain.
Worst place ever. If you want to waste 300, wait inline for over priced service be my guest!  Fuel the over priced beast!  Don't do it f that!  I'm a male you will not benefit guys!
The owners actually work there! Attention lazy America, the owners are physically working all day everyday. Hands down the best Pita Jungle!
Be careful, 15% gratuity will be added to the check without forewarning.\n\nThe server and staff that we encountered seemed not to be trained in the art of serving.
this place is good for a quick bite that will will satisfy your hunger. They have a portobello sandwich that is good and the cheese fries are also wonderful. The prices are reasonable for the Bellagio, I think almost everything is under 12 bucks.
\"Woah, $5 food? Awesome!\" No. It is just terrible.
My favorite theater! Close to home, comfy seats, yummy popcorn, good parking, and not crowded.
depending on whom you get alot of the times they rush, they come in late and finish early
One of the very few Halal restaurants in Las Vegas that we found via Yelp. To our surprise, the food was really delicious. We had the basil fried rice, spicy catfish and broccoli stir fried. Superb!
I love this place! It is the perfect \"let's meet for drinks not downtown\" place. The atmosphere is awesome and so chic. The bar is amazing and they have some awesome and fun drinks.  Love, love, love.
Locals glared at us as we entered, and we didn't feel welcome enough to stay long. No Real Ales available. Gets a bonus star for claiming to have free Wi-Fi, though I don't know why you would want that at the pub.
made us sick. :(
One of my favorite places to hike. The views are amazing and it is moderate level of difficulty. Plus there are some great restaurants to have lunch at after:)
I love Robertos... But lately the food they make tastes like booboo. It's never hot and the next day I get sick from it... This place doesn't get my order right on the regular so we will not be coming back. Get it together !
Just got back from first time lunch at Mediterranean Grill.  It was very good!  They were short handed due to unexpected departure of an employee and went out of their way to make sure the customers left happy.  Food was fresh and delicious, love that grilled pita.  Will be going back again soon!
Service is quick and to the point, the place is full of smoke because they bbq in the restaurant need more vent.\nRare beef noodle soup is one of my favorite.
Food good, not amazing. Shake is alright, it did come way later than we expected. I would've gave 3 stars however there is not a worker in sight with a smile or personality. I will probably not return here at all.
I ate there twice,  I ordered two different things both times and did not like either!
I've been to this location several times.  At least 3 out of 4 visits I walk out with a smile due to the customer service and friendly employees. Great job!
Great late night snack, nothing like a runny egg on a burger to put the alcohol raging through your system in check.\nAnd the crack sauce on the fries.  Yes.  Yes please.
Sympa.
Awesome dinning experience. Happy hour menu allowed us to try several dishes and the food was wonderful. Rich in flavor and fresh! Wait staff very attentive to our needs.
Once again!! An amazing experience. We came to metro with friends visiting from out of town and they LOVED it!
The Great Dane is just as good at Hilldale as it is downtown.  The food is good and the beer is even better.  A good place to meet up with friends or  family, kids are entertained by the darts, pool tables, and shuffleboard.
Have you ever eaten somewhere and felt bad about yourself after? That's kind of what this has been like. There are SO many wonderful choices in South End that i feel bad spending $11.oo here.
They got our order wrong. When ordering make sure you verify that you get what you ordered.
Walked by and saw a real cool drink with smoke coming off of it. Decided to go in and I'm glad I did. Try the white gummi goblet it's delicious!! And the smoke comes from the dry ice at the bottom of the glass, it's a great added feature :)
Best palak paneer. Hands down.did a palak paneer test a few years agos.. included graphs and etc... still have my heart. the spicey could be spicier.. ill just throw that out there....
Clean friendly staff. So far so good.
Never received my food, and owners wife was a major beotch! Who treats people like that she was rude and disrespectful for no reason not just to me but other people. Very uncalled for.
We've been going there for a couple of years now. There is a new Chef, his food is very good.  If you sit by the bar to eat....the wait staff tends to forget all about you.\n\nI do miss the BOGO Tuesdays a lot.
Good food... Good atmosphere.. Wish they would bring back the oysters! Wish they had a better wine selection. I go very often with a bunch of people and never have a problem.. Love their wedge salad!!
I love the food here. Everything i have tried seemed fresh and delicious and tastes good cold the next day for lunch too. My only complaint was the egg rolls. I love egg rolls and they are not very good here so I wouldnt order them for sides. If you like Orange chicken you will not be dissapointed.
I had such a nice facial experience here! Leah was so nice and i'm totally coming back and getting a facial from her. She gave me good advice on what I should do from now on with my face and plus her hands were really gentle. My skin feels good now haha!
They've been out of vanilla roobois tea for three weeks now. Who does inventory? Stevie Wonder? Also there's also 6+ employees, 4 who just stand and talk and it takes an average of 5+ minutes for a drink. Most inefficient Starbucks I've been to.
The pizza has really never been any good but at one time it was a pizza and wings combo at a decent price. At this point, it's just overpriced greasy food. Bummer.
I go here every couple of days for lunch good food service varies by person all in all I would suggest you have a bite here and lunch specials and beer specials are pretty good!!
Love this place but it's really annoying when you going to get just a simple cup of coffee in there someone in front of you agonizing over which of the 200 mix in to add to their ice cream for 45 minutes.  I wish they had a separate line for coffee.
We all love Scottsdale Salad Co. The food is great, the prices are right, and delivery is fast and friendly. Thanks Scottsdale Salad from the girls at Fetch Doggie Store!
1. Hot dog was grilled just right and good size.\n2. Hot dog and fries could have a lil more flavor.\n3. Nice atmosphere.
Favorite vendor business dinner spot near my work. Someone wants me to sell their products? Meet me at Ruffinos
Who doesn't love Dunkin donuts?! However cashier rude about using coupons and when I visit donuts I want they are never available & manager doesn't even care ! It sad
Food was good. Giant portions. The downside a very long wait almost 2hours total.
I love this place! This place takes me back to the east coast by far the best thin NY style pizza I've had in Surprise. The owners are great people and always welcoming.
Cook shows up late, manager is always angry, and comps for gambling are inconsistent.  \n\nUsed to be a regular spot for night shifters getting off in the morning... now its dead.  \n\nTreat your regulars well... it pays off in the end.
I love the food here but I don't understand how I can come in and order 2 soups to go with only one person ahead of me and it takes 20 minutes.
The place was cool and had a fun vibe but was not overly impressed with the food. Nothing special about the burgers, fries, pickles etc.... Service was good, I guess I was expecting more from the reviews and the \"legend\" that is the Penguin.
Stopped in at 32 Shea for some lunch.  The people were friendly . Had the tuna sandwich with green apple  which was quite bland. I really wanted to like this place and may give it another try. The neighborhood needs more unique places like this.
Tamara did a great job, and was super friendly. I wanted a simple trim and some layers and she went above and beyond to make sure my hair looked great. No wait time ,quick and friendly service all for a great price. Ill definitely be back!
Very fun..love the decor, and the music wasn't bad at all. I would definitely recommend it. The outdoor patio is nice as well :)
This restaurant is absolutely amazing!! The food is fantastic and they have an excellent beer and  wine selection. The atmosphere is fun and the staff is friendly and extremely helpful. I'm going to recommend Cornish Pasty Co. to everyone I know.
Super fast, friendly, and most affordable. Locked my keys in my car! $40 bucks cash add $10 if you're paying with plastic. Received receipt in email as promised, and credit card was charged accurately. Number saved- as I tend to lock my keys in my car approximately four times a year!
Not one of my favorites.\n My expierence  on the Business Conference side was not good. However the rooms are themed which is pretty neat.
Opulent by all means! Don't seat at the bar. Rude bartender! Seriously, I feel that people that work in bars and restaurants in Vegas, hate their job or tourists.
The staff was very friendly and I received fast service, but I was very disappointed in the quality of the food.  Most pieces of the steak were too fatty to eat.  I'm willing to try them again - hopefully will see an improvement.
Don't eat here! I had the pav bhaji and on the last bite I discovered a dead cockroach. I went back n gave the cockroach back. They nicely returned my money but damage is done- permanently.
Very clean and comfortable poker room. The best in Vegas! Be sure to order the cappuccino with the swizzle stick sugar.. sooo good. Also they have all kinds of delicious drinks here :)
Great food, great beer, great service.  What more do you need?
Big, sprawling, very crowded and disorderly. On the upside, I'll guess weather isn't a factor here.
Forget this place! Spent thousands of dollars here trying to hold an old car together for my teenager. Recently took it in and the repairs outweighed the value of the car. They still charged me $100.00 to tell me that basically I was screwed! Thanks for the loyalty American Auto Care.  Never again!
Took a clock in to get fixed and knew nothing about it.  Very helpful and informative; 3 week turnaround.
What a waste of my time!  Very impersonal and uncaring.  Made you feel like a $ not a person.  I get better care doing my own PT at home.  I wouldn't recommend the Charlotte OrthoCarolina to anyone.
Was really disappointed that my weekly visit to Jenni Pho has come to an end after arriving and finding out it had been closed by the health department. I now will go to Sammy pho after discovering it! Kinda happy Jenni Pho is closed now:)
High price for  burgers you can get pretty much anywhere in Vegas for cheaper.  There was a server switch after we put in our order and ended up not getting the appetizer we ordered and they didn't not even offer to comp anything for us.  The burger was ok nothing I have not had before.
Great resort and great pools. They treat their VIPS right!
i ABSOLUTELY L OVE THIS PLACE!!!\nMarilyn and Andy were very helpful, funny, and down to earth ....\n\nF*ck halo HTC rocks !!!!
when you ask them for help they give you dirty look no locker rooms day care in gym kids running through gym it's a cheap price that's about it don't waist your money
one of the best grocery stores. they literally have everything its amazing.
This place has every beer you can think of along with a great selection of wine and liquor. It actually can be a little over whelming since it seems over half their menu is alcohol related. Their food is average but if you want a beer while the family is shopping, go here.
I'm just craving the tuna melt right now..that's all.  *sigh*
This airport needs a makeover. Chairs are uncomfortable, it's hot, and outlets are far too few and far between. \n\nOne nice thing, though, is the TSA Pre Check lanes. At least I can breeze through security here!
Very nice place, very cool bucket drinks and the mechanical bull is very cool. Plus you can dance on the bar which gives the bar a coyote ugly style. Only down side is that it's way to hot in there.
Bingsoo is so good. I totally love this place. My wife and I will drive from Ahwatukee at the drop of a hat to get our fix. My only suggestion would be to call ahead if you don't want to wait.
Great service and great food...\nWe had a traditional poutine that was awesome. The staff was nice and attentive...
good place if you want breakfast any time of the day. Went mid-day during the week, it was pretty dead, yet they put us in the room with the TV... Maybe we looked like we wanted to watch bad mid-day television. Service was OK, Food is OK.
I love this starbucks always fast and friendly they make the drinks amazing every time I go in my drinks taste the exact same never off .... Love the manager always has a smile on her face when you walk in ....
Food is OK after you finally get it. Waited 45 min for breakfast and my girlfriend's food was cold. They said no problem, it will only take a minute to replace....took 10. Friendly but incapable service. 2nd try and last.
Can't review the food. Hostess very slow to get to front door as it must of been too hot on patio. Another 10 minutes to get watered down lemonade n watery tea. Waited n waited for server. So we walked out. Too many teenage workers and no adult supervision on site
Love this place, especially the Prince of Thais wrap, and the pasta salad. The only thing that annoys me are the hours. I wish they were open just a bit longer in the evenings.  \n But that is really the only negative thing I have to say.
Today I come the Las Vegas biggest foot spa! Here is a really clean and great place, ladies are do very well. And the price is really cheap!  This foot spa is the best i came before!
We were disappointed on our most recent trip to LV to find that this place has discontinued its seafood buffet on Sundays. That Sunday buffet was one of the best-kept secrets in LV and was simply exceptional. We had a disappointing lunch most recently and probably won't go back after many years of Sunday morning patronage.
YC's is great food.  You get to fill up your bowl with all the ingredients you like and watch it be cooked right in front of you.  The ingredients are always fresh and there is a wide variety of sauces.\n\nGood meal for vegans, plus the soft-serve is vegetarian too!
Best Old fashion on the strip.
Not impressed.  They just fling spoonfuls of slop into an aluminum takeout container.  Everything lacked flavor.  The guac was disgusting!  Employees were not at all helpful or friendly.  I'll stick with Chipotle for assembly style mexican food.  It's 100 times better.
LOVE this place. Best of all those around. Clean with pleasant staff. And Pajama Wednesday is so fun to people watch!
This 24 Hour location is really busy and the equipment is worn out. I did not like this particular 24 Hour.
I am from New York and always asked where do I get best pizza? Hands down Lamps Pizzeria is the BEST!!!!!!  Always fresh ingredients and friendly staff and owner.
Food and service were mediocre at best. Cost was about the same as anywhere else. Would rather go to Breakfast Club.
Extraordinary service! This is the last hotel I've stayed at before I moved to Vegas and it basically confirmed the decision I've had in mind that I wanted to move to Vegas. This is a dream city! And Paiza was an experience of my dream. Keep up w it!
Outfit to rock on the strip. This H&M was pretty much one of my favorite stores. Layout was great and their selection was very trendy.
I don't know how dinner is but lunch was pretty bad. The only redeeming factor was that it was cheap. That being said, I essentially paid 8.99 for a bowl of soup because that was the only thing I found edible. It was a sad experience.
I have gone here for breakfast numerous times when I am in LV.  They have a large menu, service is quick and I have always had good food.  The only negative is that their coffee is low grade, just barely drinkable.  Its certainly worth the 10 minute drive for better food and lower prices than what you can find on the Strip.
The people up front are nice but my pickup order was cold and the food was HIGHLY mediocre.  I wish I could say it was better but its really just  not good.
Not a fan.  They seated my party of 5 adults in a booth that shouldn't hold more than 4 so we were cramped eating lunch but there were no open tables that could accommodate us. Refills on water were sparse.
It was like a step back in time, and a reminder why there are so few places like it today.  The service was slow, the waitress was nice (when she showed up) and the food was nothing to write home about.
I love the atmosphere at 300 East. It is very cozy and intimate, great for a date night. The food is always really good, as is the service. I especially love the baked goat cheese appetizer and the filet. So good!
I was hoping to like the Silverton a little more than I actually did.  The western rustic environment kind of reminded me of Texas Station and/or Buffalo Bills.  Smokier than I thought and smaller than I expected.  Parking is plentiful and the buffet is cheap.  I'm moving on....
Bayside Buffet @ Mandalay Bay was ok but very pricy, not very many options to choose from. Went for dinner and had Prime Rib and it was way too pink for my taste.
Best breakfast, hands down. I've never been disappointed by the quality of their food, it's always good. This place is very popular on the weekends so prepare to wait in line for a long time, but know that it's totally worth it. Farmers Market Benedict never disappoints.
Great food, great atmosphere, cold beer. If we lived closer we would be there all the time.
Pretty good but clearly overrated.
Feels like a step back in Wisconsin time, the interior design and furniture is all cut, carved from local materials. Food is average, service is average.
Management very unaccommodating to customer requests. Couldn't get a pancake a la carte without paying the full price of the menu item? Will not be returning to this establishment and will encourage others not to as well.
I ate there last night and was not really impressed at all.  For a Las Vegas Brazilian steak house, it was not great at all.  The meat is over cooked and they do not have as many selections as you would hope to have.  I give it a 3 stars only because of the location and because the food was not bad, just ok.
If you order tacos, be aware that you will not get tacos.  You'll get TINY little tortillas (maybe 3\" in diameter) with a pinch of meat on them.  NOT WORTH $10.\n\nOrder a burrito.
Carnevino was quite an experience! Everything here was tasty, delicious, and interesting! I had the calamari app, blackened pasta, and a nice glass of vino! The ambiance is on point and it's worth checking out the next time your in Vegas and in the mood for Italian!
I love this place so much!!! There's live music sometimes, trivia sometimes or sometimes just people chillin. It's got great food, full bar, gorgeous an comfy outdoor sitting area with waitstaff. Love it here!
Peek-a-Boo!\n\nEven though I can see you, I'm going to ignore you.
Middle of the road chinese food. I've had most of the chicken dishes and Thai soup. Satisfied with both but doesn't blow me away. They are quick and the portions are big for the price. I'd take this any day over the fast food Chinese place.
This is one of the two major theaters we frequent (the other being the Harkins on Shea)... It goes beyond the typical multi-plex, and the staff is always friendly, and the management seems to have a firm grasp on staffing requirements, which keeps the lines down.
What's with the 4.5 stars ? Food is so mediocre ....I had fried rice omelet ( how could you messed this one up ) unevenly cooked,  taste terrible .
One of my favorite places in Madison. The best cheesesteak you'll have in the Midwest.\n\nBig Red -- the nickname of the owner -- is originally from Philly and knows his stuff when it comes to a cheesesteak.
I wish they delivered! But overall really good!
I bought a package from teambuy and was vers disapointed
I mean it is an airport restaurant/bar....
Waste of money and time. I understand a surcharge for convenience... But a 200% markup is ridiculous. Owner is rude too.
I used to hate getting my haircut, made me nervous. Now is nbd been coming here for years.  Super friendly staff, detailed oriented and they keep great track of notes from prior cuts.  Reasonable prices, not pushy on sales,  and a fun, relaxing atmosphere.  I would recommend.
I just love when there is 15 to 20 empty tables and the snooty hosts make you wait 10 to 20 minutes to seat you, great food anyway
Great hot dogs! the atmostphere of this place is fun, many things to look at and have a good laugh.
really really good! come visit if in vegas 2nd best cajun style seafood place ive been hard to get find a taxi back to the strip though but the food was worth it and the staff there are attentive the wait was not too bad also id def come back
I can't decide whether this place is more overrated or Steak 9 at The Palms.  I'd rather go to Outback.
This place had fast delivery however the food was horrible.  I read these reviews and ordered the Spicy Italian Red and an original cheese steak and they were horrible.  Entirely flavorless, the cheese steak was soggy and bland.  Unfortunately I found the reviews misleading and probably wont be ordering from there anytime soon.
closest you can get to real NY pizza in AZ!  not as good as my favorite place in Nutley, NJ but if you are craving pizza you will be satisfied. Delivery does take 35- 40 min but I guess that is average in AZ
This used to be my favorite Mexican restaurant in the EV now it's a great shame. Menu has changed slightly but the quality is on serious decline!
This branch has two drive-up ATMs! Yes, efficiency for the masses.\n\nI have yet to go inside, but the car experience is a good one. Plenty of entrance and exits off South Blvd.
They've outdone themselves with their newest location - Sportsworld in Kitchener.  It's beautiful and the food and service are as great as the other locations!
I was a bit disappointed by my experience at the Steakhouse. The cuts of meat were excellent but not well seasoned. I wasn't floored by any dish. It wasn't worth trudging through Circus Circus to dine there. Del Frisco's is MUCH better.
I know its just breakfast, but the portions are huge. Enjoy
Great spot for good beer, excellent service, friendly people, and fun music! The food looks delicious and amazingly fresh, I'm definitely going back to try a few entrees. Just dim the lights a smidgen and we're golden! :) It's great to see Sunnyslope resurrected!!
Fun place, until it fills up. Then you seriously consider peeing your pants just to avoid having to walk through a thousand people on your way to the bathroom.
I decided to get gel on my toes. One lady told me a price and when I went to check out it costed $50 just for my toes. Imagine if I had time to get my fingers nail done. What a rip off.\nOops! Wrong location. Sorry meant for Tropicana and Arby Rd.
Good happy hour during graveyard hours,  small comfy atmosphere. \"Cheers Style\" neighborhood bar. \nBartender Mike was very nice, great conversation.
We chose this olive garden for our son's rehersal dinner. We were treated like royalty and it was a busy saturday night. The manger and staff were excellent. We couldnt have asked for a better venue for this celebration.They deserve five stars !!!
overall one of the better panda expresses, not my favorite place in the world but sadly prob the best \"chinese\" food your going to find in vegas.
Great service, good prices, and it was a nice clean place. The lunch specials for $5 are a great deal. I had the sweet and sour chicken and it was good, just not great. I will be coming back here for lunch in the future.
Points for consistency.  Still mediocre service...and I'm being generous.
I went and after waiting 45 minutes at FAST Med, got no diagnosis and sent to the ER or my doctor.  I was charged $115.00 for that.  Seems like a lot to have to pay for nothing.  Now I have to pay again, somewhere else.
8.99 full service car wash.  A bargain price and a great wash.  Buy the 5 pack of washes and it is even cheaper.  Inside is vacuumed and outside is great.
All the best intentions...\n\nThe brisket was loaded with gristle and slathered with barbecue sauce.  I may try the pulled pork next time - if there is a next time - since it's close to my office.  Nice 'soul food' kind of atmosphere.
Another day another Italian sub. Firehouse makes them very, very well and always tasty. Just the thing to hit the spot on a long shift.
Got kicked out of my own room UNDER MY NAME for racist staff employees. Go there if you want redneck, racist assholes
Decently priced prime-rib. You get $2 off if you join the players club. Service was very attentive, the soup wasn't great, but the price was worth it.
Delightful place. Rice pudding is creamy not too sweet and  delicious!  I'll be back to try more.
This is the perfect place for a fast quality meal for $10. I had the shrimp burrito which was very tasty and had a sufficient amount of shrimp. All ingredients were fresh and the salsa had just the right amount of spice. I will definitely be back to try the breakfast burrito.
SmashBurger is my absolute FAVORITE.  I think it's equal to In-N-out, if not better.  I suggest the Sin CIty Burger.  WORTH THE PAY!!!!
Delicious truffle fries. Nice decor to get away from hustle of campus area and enjoy some fine dining in Pittsburgh. The calamari were well prepared, not heavily crusted or greasy.
I try not to go here unless I can help it.  The employees like to point in a direction and tell you that whatever you are looking for is \"over there\".  Sad when I get better help at Wal-mart
They are not trained very well to move furniture, caused damage to my walls and furniture
I want to like it. I really do. I've been twice, but each time I found the dishes bland ... or with a spiciness that was just spice, not flavor.
Fantastic Italian Ice! ...and always have a sugar free flavor for those who need it!!!
Ehhhh. Crappy pool tables and sticks. Disconnected and/or untrained bartenders. Two for one beers was nice. ATM didn't work. Left after the free beer. Very girly adult crowd; nothing like watching forty somethings engaged in a Brittany impression battle from across the bar.
Ate while on tour. Food was very good. No complaints. Had the burger with the potato latkes. Really tasty. And the beer selection was good. Cool vibe. Might go again tonight before we take off.
Must try the fresh oysters!
All I want to say about this place is.....\n\nThe pizza was finger lickin' good.\nThe Salad was awesome.\nThe House dressing was very, very good.\n\nI want MORE!!!
Love this place.  Great martini and burger place. Get a mix of olive types with the 'tini. Blue cheese rocks.
Place was empty so had five staff serving me and they were great. \nEggs Benedict better than average.
The slightly overpriced Mexican Benedict definitely fulfilled every tastebud craving. The portion was just right, and I ate it all without feeling overwhelmed afterwards. The service was good and the ambient was great!! Good music. Perfect decor. Quite satisfying.
I don't mind pizza delivery that takes an hour, by and in itself. However, when it takes over an hour to deliver, *and* the pizza, pasta, and breadsticks are cold, I find that this store may have a management problem.\n\nI will not be ordering from here again.
Meh.  The food was ok... but I could've made better pasta.  The mozzarella they used didn't seem all that fresh to me and everything was sort of just mediocre.\n\nI do like the name of the place though.  Joe Mama's!
I was imagining so nice. maybe thats why i like this place  not a lot. but some of food are tasty , waiter was so professional and fast. lot of desserts. busy restaurant.  i was in line almost half hour.
we dealt with the office off the I-215 with Celia it was awful non caring didnt follow thru lost two properties due to her lack of interest so confused it was like being with someone who had demensia   I feel that Coldwell Century 21 the big names are bigger it was so unnecessary depressing    find a advanced realtor who cares
Awesome nice low income caring clinic.The staff is very friendly and very knowledgeable.
This place is on most peoples favorite restaurant list.  If you can afford dinner great; however, the large half orders on the lunch menu are a good bargain.
Food was decent. House chowmein was good but maybe a little oily. We both had the Mongolian beef which was decent as well. More of a 3.5 stars than just a 3.
Nice place with a pretty good atmosphere.  The food was not bad, but left something to be desired.  Admittedly, I have a high standard for sushi, but nothing exciting here.  To be fair they had a great selection of martinis and a trendy atmosphere.  Good place especially for Chandler.
We used to frequent this restaurant often. Unfortunately, the inconsistency of their food has forced us to go elsewhere. The pizza is either soggy, undercooked/over cooked with water downed sauce. Rocco's or Dom DeMarcos (both in Summerlin) never disappoint.
Fantastic work- had Lenny find the Swiss part and have my Tag Heuer battery replaced within a day for an affordable price. Better alternative than going to the mall- but be prepared to bring cash because it is a Russian business! :)
I was dancing between a 2 and 3 star.  Not much in here. But with a small store and your couldn't be bothered to say hi to me or my dog kinda put me off. Some really cute shirts in there that go to pit bull rescue that's nice.
Nice theater with amazing effects and a great show. Our free upgrade to the third row of the center section made the show even more enjoyable. I highly recommend this show!
too much smokers. we smell like a homeless person when we left. our eyes were red and i cough most of the time
Great food, great service.  Rib-eye medium rare done perfectly.  Sides - lobster mac and cheese, asparagus and scalloped potatoes - all excellent.  The crab cake appetizer is a great way to start off the meal.
I know, I know, this is a chain but it's good and they got it right!\nGreat food, they have some lighter options for ya'll that are interested in the calories. Great bread and olive oil. Service has been consistently good.  It's spot is a family favorite.
Good little neighborhood spot. Friendly faces and average food. Nice happy hour specials.
I went to what they were calling their soft opening. While still working out some of the kinks, my martini was perfect, the misses loved her chi-chi, and the rolls we ordered surprised us. I'm giving four stars because I have high hopes for this place and really want to see it do well.
Its convenient, it has some decent specials.  Its expensive, and the produce is hit or miss.  Its got some good stuff but overall its average.
The Wild Mushroom soup and veal scaloppine was wonderful.  Great ambiance.  Enjoyed interacting with the people at the bar!  We'll be back with families and friends.
This place used to be the sh*t. Now it's as cool as TGI Fridays. I rented a room at the hrh towers and had security came by twice because our sound system (which they provide) was too loud. Over it. This place is done-ville.
Bartender was fantastic only problem was value of my meal. $15 for a slice of lasagna is way over priced.  Some garlic bread would have been nice.  Very good beer selection.
I've enjoyed coming here for the entire time I've lived in Las Vegas and I just happen to come here 5 days a week nowadays
It's too early to tell how effective this will be.  So far only two appointments, and the problem is not yet resolved (of course).  I will update this after we've had more sessions.  But the therapist (there is only one) seems to be very thorough and caring.
Limited, but great innovative menu.  Everything is probably something you've never had before and it's all good.  The cocktails are equally as imaginative.  I highly recommend Red Square.
Really bad service, they don't try to do a good massage, just rubs oil over ur body. Filled with 40+ aged women try to jerk off for u for more tips.... I said no, and they argue with u and complain how other people pay for their hand job....
Good atmosphere close to everything good food too!
The location is nice and the food is delicious! I got the market fish, which was very good. The meat was so tender. Other yummy dishes were duck and pork.
Delicious pizza!  Can't wait to go back.  Service was awesome and I loved the atmosphere.
Decent pizza, reasonably priced and speedy delivery.
Over rated place took forever to get a seat and we don't want to wait and see meat downstairs service was to much wouldn't let us enjoy over our shoulder the whole time
First time and food was good. Ribs fell off te bone and loved the baked beans.
I feel like they could do so much more describing the history of this state. You can't complain when something is free but I honestly feel the presentation is lacking.
The dessert trio was nice! I had the salted caramel cake, tiramisu and key lime bar. I sampled a bit of each and was pleasantly surprised. Although the tiramusu wasn't the best I've had it wasn't too bad. Enjoyed our time here!
Best sports bar ever! Thanks to John S., I will never eat wings anywhere else again... Their Giovanni wings are the best wings I have ever had.\n\nKeep up the good work Santisi Bros!
Coming from the bay area to las vegas, finding food that compares is difficult but not until I came here. This place is amazing and the price is perfect!! I definitely recommend!!
All I have to say is... Grilled cheese and creamy tomato soup!!!! And excellent beer selection. I'm a fan of the Rogue Hazelnut (goes just right with the grilled cheese and soup).\n\nDimmed, relaxing lighting and awesome service!
Yeah buddy! Just had Lulu wings and chicken and sausage gumbo with garlic bread for lunch. SO GOOD. THANK YOU!
Nice choice for a fun and affordable meal. The food is not overly light but its always been fresh in my experience. I really liked the chimichanga.
The bar tenders are rude. Went here with a few friends to day drink and they charged us for all the drinks that they messed up and did not make properly after telling us its on the house cause it was our bad. The food here is ok made my friend have food poising from chicken figures.. go figure.
We stopped by here for our breakfast, luckily we had Starbucks at hand. My coffee really got me through that thing. I'm pretty sure my Cinnabon wasn't finished baking, but they still served it. Honestly, I probably should have picked up breakfast while at Starbucks.
Been waiting for a long time for a place like this to be in my area and now that it is, I'm very disappointed.  The service was horrible, and nobody there looked like they were in charge.  The food was decent, though not as good as other cafe Rio's in the valley.
Dave and busters is the best place to eat and play games. There is many fun games and prizes to win. I highly suggest if you want to plays games, go Wednesday when all the games are half off. Food is pretty good and a nice bar. The downside is that the booze is pretty pricey.
just like the other location i have been to, it is great.. very consistant with the quality and service.  ham bacon egg and cheese on a toasted egg bagel FTW
Stopped by on a Thursday night.  Very good crowd.  Food was very good.  We had Grilled calamari, greens and beans and a flatbread.  All 3 were very good.  Heavy pour on the drinks.  \nGreat atmosphere, good drinks and food.  Go to this place.
Elliot was very professional and helpful!  I received a 90 minute deep tissue massage with cupping and it was very therapeutic and relaxing.  It is worth the money to pay a little bit more and get a good service.  I had a positive experience with IMR Massage.
I must say I was pretty disapointed.  Shitty beers on tap at $7 a pint isn't what I'm looking for in a pub.  I guess its more a restaurant than a bar.
The food is delicious! Unfortunately it can get pretty pricey for pizza, and the service is generally pretty slow.
Good food can take a restaurant a long way.  Not much to say about the atmosphere, but this place has great bar food.  The patio is a great place to people watch on East Blvd while drinking a cold beverage.
About what you expect from a trendy chain: average food, average service average beer selection, average prices. Meh.
The fish really is incredibly fresh and consistently high-quality.  The price is also very reasonable.\n\nAlso the rolls are, over all, pretty traditional.   Overall, I like the place.  It's a good neighborhood joint.  It is a great place that will never let you down.
Cranberry Hills is nice because they deliver. However, the food isn't very good, the service is super slow if you decide to eat there, and the employees are rude.
This place rocks! Really good burros and chips! I had the carne asada burrito and it was excellent!
Love Macys had really good deals during Christmas and everyday deals. But checking out needs to be more organized. I had to wait 30 mins to check out in the home department because one of the cashiers had to keep asking the other for help. Probably should do training on a weekday that is less busy.
Worst customer service I've ever seen! 45 minutes for just eggs is ridiculous! Not once did they come by to check on us and when the food did come out, our eggs benedict came out COLD! No apology nothing. Never coming back.
Work close by so I come by quite a bit. Siera is what makes this burger king the best one! Her customer service skills are amazing and it is almost shocking that she is not working in a five star restaurant!
Very delicious burgers, onion rings, and chicken strips. Shakes and malts are very tasty! Always made to order. Very kind customer service. Personally, I like it better than Smash Burger.
terrible service.  all five of us genuinely felt that we were being racially discriminated against.  and the food wasn't good either.\n\ndry salmon, flavorless ramen, small portions.  no water refills at all. \ncheck, please?
Went for my bridal hair and makeup and was extremely disappointed! Worst job ever had to go to my room and redue it all myself! The bill came out to be $200 more then what I was quoted because of all the up sale and the employees were very rude and unprofessional!
I will never forget Campiti's. As a youngster growing up playing on Potomac Avenue and Dormont. My favorite pizza was and still is Campiti's. I have not found an equal in the 18 years I have been in CA. The hoagies were pretty damn good too.
I was so happy to see a familiar face when checking in for my massage after buying a coupon.  This is a very nice facility.
I have bought several cars at Gaudin and have never been anything but happy with my sales guys and my service. If you didn't get to buy a car from Eddie Smith you missed out!  But tons of great guys there to help you!
The pizza wasn't that great a little more expensive and you get a thin hard crust with very little sauce and patches of cheese it was pretty disappointing.
I don't want to spend a lot of time talking down about this buffet. I willingly admit to being a general buffet hater, but seriously. There is a such thing as a good buffet in Las Vegas, this is not it.
Why are there no half stars. It took an hour for the waitress to get us a beer. Horrible service. Food was ok though.
This place has been here for a long time. We came here for breakfast, it had good standard fare. I only had a Bagel (which was Good)
They do a nice job on all my Pommies! It took a couple visits for them to get all my particular wants down but they did! Nice people and close to home.
Good food but the wait is long. 20 minutes before someone took my order and they were only a few people in the restaurant.
Really good place. Food is large portions. I really enjoyed the atmosphere! I have been here twice and both times the food was very good and consistant.
Tons of froyo options to choose from! Cheesecake is by far my favorite! Fun spot to have a nice little date or girl talk ;) definitely stop by this location by ASU if you haven't had the chance to yet.
Another place for \"disposable clothing\".  Up to the minute trends, but poor poor quality
Sardella's is my favorite pizza chain in the valley, but this a good substitute in Surprise. Tastes similar to Sardellas, good wings.
Fantastic guacamole! Great choice of music!
Long wait it took forever for them to come and take my order then it took forever for them to make the food they forgot the onions and no peppers this place isn't what it used to be :(
McGurkees is an all-time favorite. My family has been frequenting this great sandwich shop for over 20 years! Love the subs! Love the staff!
What is the deal here? A basic burger and fries, it was fine, not great. But based on their hype, it needs to be MUCH better. Or cheaper. Or whatever... get over it.
OMG this place is worth the drive! I came from South Phoenix area and I loved it.  And now that they have the Sea Salt Carmels sold in a bag it's a sin.  You HAVE to try this place!
Very large portions and excellent food and service. Easy to take leftovers home that taste great the next day.
Rude,rude,rude!!  So many cleaners and alteration shops to go , DONT GO HERE!   The hems of my pants came out after only two wears and they wouldn't redo them with out charging me!!   GO SOMEWHERE ELSE PEOPLE!
Absolutely fabulous. Wonderful brunch food - waffles with fruit incredible, eggs benedict to die for, perfectly cooked eggs, delicious cafe au lait. You must visit one of their locations when in Montreal.
Nice local establishment with great food and fantastic patio to hang out on in the summer . The interior is dark and the tvs need to be bigger and placed in better viewing areas . If you don't know where this place is , it is Kind of hard to explain to people how to there . Still a nice clean and safe place to hang out .
Great little bar to grab a bite before getting your drink on at the Gin Mill.  I love the quaint atmosphere and seriously good bar bites. We had less than stellar service on our last visit, but you know, that's not what brings me into a place like this in the first place.
It was very good but not excellent - they did not have the biggest sizes of claws so it was a bit disappointing. I'd call ahead next time.  Also, they tried to recommend some other type of crab claw (but the name on the outside says 'Stone Crab' ...).
if you are a bbq fan then this is worthy for you but the price wasn't that cheap but it's worth it. I keep coming back here. food always great here..
they just wanna get rid of you and charge you. worst great clips ever
Unremarkable, deserted.  Not bad but no reason to go back either.
All these review had me not wanting to come here.  But the food was better than I had expected.  They have a good selection and things were fresh. I was surprised it was busy for lunch but it is roomy enough that it didn't matter.  Price was very reasonable and parking was easy.
Met friends and family for late night drinks. Excellent service and great beer selection, but the lone guitarist was too damn loud. You think he was playing for a crowd of hundreds, and there weren't more than 50 people. My ears hurt after hours of it. Even the wait staff agreed.
Decent bottle selection (what do you expect) but very weak tap selection and spotty service. Yes, they hire good looking waitresses. \nI queston the overall quality of the food, but I have had the occasional great meal there.
Cool store!  I liked the up-and-coming and eclectic feel of the place, and liked the sock puppets, jewelry, notecards, ceramics, and other cool stuff you don't need but are happy to check out and maybe buy.  A nice place to go for a small gift or something...
I've never had an issue at this Canes, great drive thru staff and my order is always on point. Great Job at this establishment
Came in hoping to get in/out for a quick lunch. 35 minutes later, no meal....and it was simple: Taco's! Anyhow, once we got out food it was ok. \n\nNot sure if this place just opened, but the staff seemed a bit confused.
A would strongly reccommend Frank and Feeny Auto.  They have worked on both mine and my wife's car.  They are quick and straightforward.  It is hard to believe that we are so lucky to have found such a great mechanic
Not a fan of the food at all, worse than your local dinner! Don't eat here unless your drunk and don't care for taste!
There having an aloha festival here today, Great Hawaiian food, real Leis for sale (orchids)
Dropped to a 2, as they are not doing all you can crab for a couple months. I don't see any other reason to go to this Hush Puppies, so they dropped from a 4.5 to a very generous 2.
BBQ chicken pizza and fried Oreo sundae were wonderful but gigantic
They've done a nice job with this new ballpark.  I wish there was more than just a bunch of chain restaurants surrounding it at Mesa Riverview.
it was just ok not great no bad
Definitely not the tcby of my youth...it's more like sweet frog and all the other self serve froyo places that are popping up everywhere. The guy in the shop was super awesome, and the highlight was the waffle cone.
I followed Jillian to Volr salon and I love it there! Jillian always has creative new colors and styles for me to try out. I leave feeling beautiful every time and I get many compliments on my hair. Everyone wants to know where I get my hair done and I always point them to Jillian at Volr!
They has too much oil in their food.  Cocktails were worse. Too pricy.  Never coming back here.  Even the service was below average.
The decor is nice, the staff kind and attentive, but honestly the food leaves a lot to be desired. It's definitely below average for authentic Korean cuisine.
@ Evan B and Ben B.  Does it surprise you that all 4 first time reviewers appear to be Chinese and the joint appears to be owned by a Chinese?
15 to 20 minutes of previews and AMC promos before the movie actually starts.  Not many people at the theater for a Saturday afternoon so concessions were quite fast.  Theater was clean as always and conveniently located at Desert Ridge.
Terrible food and service.   I've tried it out twice.  Once for breakfast another time lunch.  Just say no and get a sandwich at one of the other places.  Eggs were overcooked first time and this time fries were cold and stale.  Not to mention the slow and unfriendly service.
This was my first experience of Vegas as a child.  I remember back then I would have given this place 5 stars! But coming back as an adult.  The only thing I can say positive about this place are the low limit tables.
I hate this stores layout...why are the toiletries in between the food isles. Quit trying to cross sell me at the deli counter and no, I don't need any ice or stamps!
We ordered 2 yellow fin tuna salads and one was way over cooked and other was perfectly seared you would figure cook would notice huge diferrence between the 2 and had one small dressing not enough for a 1/4 salad. Also ordered a salmon salad and got some spicy chicken dish instead stay away bad service bad food.
The music/entertainment room here is fantastic. Food is kinda pricey and just EHHish. Drinks are average prices for the area, but the bartenders are cool and quick to take care of you.
Excellent lunch spot! Fast, consistent and good! Everyone is friendly and the food is delicious. I got my co- workers hooked on this place. Very casual
This location is shitty. Just went there at 12:30 when they close at 2 am. They were out of hamburger buns and the soda machine was out of service yet she still took my order and let me pay. In the end I got a refund but I won't be returning.
A lot of selection, but not a high quality flavor profile.  We had the brunch at $25 per person and it felt like it should have really cost $11 per person.  Wasn't worth the amount we paid and I would never go back.
I got a nude gel polish done by Chelsea  and it came out perfect. She spent a lot of time perfecting my nails and shaping them. And put enough layers of gel polish for it to look great. Definitely recommend getting nails done here.
Aweful!  We had a reservation at Capital Grille however concierge service at Ritz Carlton suggested we change to Five Church.  The staff is very pleasant. The ambiance is average.  The food is less then average and bland.  The menu is limited.  It was very disappointing.
No one was in the restaurant when we drove up and we saw the waitress swatting flies and decided that that wasn't a good sign.
Great place to grab a bite when you're not feeling a buffet --- Their sandwiches are super yummy... perfectly cooked...and opened 24/7. Doesn't hurt to try if you just so happen to walk by.
Stayed here for a week while waiting to move into my home.  Look it is what it is which means it's a place to sleep and make a simple meal if you have to.  Staff is friendly and the rooms are clean.
Living here for the last two years has been nice. The grounds and staff are wonderful. Rent is pretty reasonable for Scottsdale. The only drawback is the fairly consistent water repairs causing water to be shut off for the whole day.
Never go here! I was denied being sold alcohol because they assumed I had been drinking because I mentioned that I had just left a club, where I had gone to line dance.  Please keep in mind it was 10:00PM on a Saturday night, they wouldn't even sell me fruit!!!!
I love there street tacos! There super cheep and delicious. The quesadilla with white cheese and beans is amazing, fills all my cravings. You get free chips and salsa but the extra dollar or two for the bean dip is worth it.
Although this place is very similar to Subway, I think it's better. I liked the ciabatta bread so much better than a hard sub roll offered by their competitors. It seemed a bit pricey for a sub shop, though. Just sayin'.
Kind of a dive bar but I like it
Love it here!!! Must try their hot & chunky salsa! But you have to ask for it ;) taco's rock!!!
Truly the nicest, friendliest and most welcoming locale I've ever been a part of.
Love this pizza!  Huge slices with yummy toppings!  Try the chicken pesto... It will not disappoint. They also have a HUGE family size pizza available. It is awesome!
I wish we had a JoAnn's here in Hawaii.  We have only 1 craft store here that is not as good as JoAnn's.  Whenever I go to Las Vegas thats one store I always am sure to go to.  They have a wide variety of different craft selections.  Overall a crafters dream store.
This Indian restaurant which has a very upscale modern decor with lounge music and waitresses straight out of Robert Palmer's video \"Simply Irresistable\" has a limited but tasty menu for an Indian restaurant.
Wow. Great food . The chicken tikka masala is the best and the saag paneer is awesome too. Best Indo-Pak restaurant in the Phoenix area and Arizona hands down. They also have a location in Tempe .
Pretty good.  Chicken came out cold but they rectified it by warming it up.  Good selection of drinks.  Nice spacious patio.
I didn't see one attractive hooters girl here with \"hooters\" just sayin...
The chicken wings are pretty good but they are very small.  But when they are as cheap as they are, I guess you get what you pay for.  Overall you can do a whole lot worse at a chicken wing joint.
For a crappy airline, they're pretty convenient and organized with the way you can check-in, board the plane, and getting your beverage. The stewardesses are very chill and silly.
A once fine restaurant has been sold and the new bean counting owners have degraded this formerly wonderful, highly rated, dining establishment. I'm done with Claim Jumper. The penny pinching new owners don't deserve my business and I don't want their food.
This place was great.  The employees were so nice.  They really took their time. They didn't charge for all the small extras. The massage chairs were fantastic.
Had a great EVERYTHING bagel with cream cheese and yummy latte. What more could a nice Jewish boy like myself ask for :)
This is just sad. Half the stores are closed, and the other half are under rennovations. I walked away, as I was at the convention center, willing to spend a few shekles... and left annoyed at the state this center is in.
Been with him for years ( I'm an investor). Smooth, easy transactions. He's very knowledgable, professional, knows all the ins and outs of loans.
The facility is nice BUT the staff.   Not so much.......
AMAZING patio!  the ambiance and the food is to DIE for!\nthe brussel sprout salad and sword fish tacos....YUMMMM!
Mmmmmmh good tasty really delicious fresh made to order and not too oily cute little donuts.\n\nSugar, Cinnamon, Chocolate (dark) with good filter coffee...MMMMMHHHHH, the perfect combination. \n\nLOVE IT
Lakefront patio + beer is all you need to know
Mediocre food... salsa tasted too \"tomato-y\", guacamole was very bland, taquitos were just \"ok\". Much better food from the small hole-in-the-wall Mexican joints.
I should have guessed from the name and waitress outfits that this place was not going to have the best food. Oh well the margarita was $10.50 and mostly ice and tequila. Food was not bad but not worth the money. I would not recommend unless your going for the scenery.
Wow i like the design of the hotel just like In italy the service is very good the hotel is very big and classy and it was a very good experience
Never had any bad experiences here. They hook up my poor neurotic pit bull with her doggie anxiety pills so road trips are tolerable for everyone.
By far the best sushi we have ever had! Everything was fresh from the sea urchin, salmon belly, to tuna. The service was great to. The waiter (i wish i cpuld remember his name) was very friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. We will definitely come again!
While the smoothies are good (especially the banana) their food and service is less than desirable. I have tried to like this place and give it multiple chances, yet every time I left wishing I went somewhere else. Every time (no joke) they have messed up my order. Save yourself the trouble and go somewhere else. Sorry.
I don't think there has been ONE time I received all the food I paid for in their drive-thru?  They go through employees like toilet paper.  Although, they usually have better fries than the rest of the Wendy's.
Always a good time coming here.  Cheap and good craft beer on tap.
YUM! Great local coffee house! My soy latte and breakfast sandwich were both delish. Only con is cost, but all coffee houses seem expensive to me and this one runs about average so I will stick with the 5 stars on taste.  Can't wait to be a regular on weekends!
As a first timer, the food was good and the customer service was great!! On a side note, there was no ice in the soda machine.. And they were out of their baklava before 2pm. . Which seems odd. Either way, good food!
Bree is the best in town for brazilians using a type of wax referred to as \"hard wax\". She makes it seem effortless and is quite speedy and relatively painless. The boutique is gorgeous inside also!
Burger Bar is appropriately located in the shopping mall at Mandalay Bay because that's pretty much the caliber of food you will get here. After a long wait, my burger was overcooked and lacked any sort of flavor. I wouldn't recommend it.
Never seen something so useless in my life. A bunch of small stores with no good things. Smells weird and there isn't even a lot of stores to be honest. Everyone looks like they don't wanna be there which sucks. Place isn't good at all. Don't waste your Money on junk.
Service was just ok, better than the last time. Ordered a burger medium well, got a Rare burger! Way over priced mediocre food. Drinks were good once we got them.
The food has really gone downhill.  I used to go here all the time when I lived on that side of town but the last few times I've gone the sushi was horrible.  Maybe it was an off day? I might venture back to see if this was the case.
Very good place to eat. Get your name on the list as it is a long wait.  They don't take reservations.
We drove all the way from Tempe because of the 4 stars rating.\nI don't know if it's because of Monday, not many customers,\nMost of the dishes are cold.
ew
The worst burger king I ever been to ! I love burger king and the wackest one is by my house (this one). Its empty for a reason and the employees seem careless. Service is slow  even if your the only customer. Food isnt fresh . Shameful.
Cash only. Run down mall, hole in the wall feel. The curry comes dumped on too much rice for the amount of sauce they serve. \n\nJudging by the other reviews, I probably should have picked a more Thai style dish like the pad see ew, but it doesn't seem worth the trouble to go back.
had a meal for eight of us on a tuesday eve service was great' food was fantastic price was reasonable will go again
I love this Starbucks location. It's nice inside, never too packed, and the employees are nice.
I get my keratin treatments done here.  I love the unpretentious atmosphere that you find in some of the other salons in the area.  I always get great blowouts here too.  Can't be beat.
The food is delicious and made with high quality ingredients.  I love the creative atmosphere and helpfulness of the staff!  A+ in my book!  I will be back next time I'm in town
I love thrift stores and I will continue visiting this one in case I find a good price on something I like,  but this place is overpriced.
Great service & fresh seafood imported straight from the Mediterranean.  \n\nDefinitely would come back here!
Their broth is not flavorful enough but it's ok. The meat is good in the Pho but that's about it. Nothing too great And the Pho costs about 7 dollars. Good thing is their open 24/7. Would rather go to Cali for some Pho for sure!
The dinners was \"okay\" at best.   Go just for the dessert - Banana Cream Pie...yummy!
Without a doubt the best all you can eat sushi in Vegas. It's actually AYCE sushi you can taste! The menu shows the favorite rolls and they are well worth it. Service can be a bit slow at times. This place is always crowded but great!
Overpriced, long lines. Noisy. Only one variety of fish--salmon--and even for that had to wait. Rude sitters and the cashier.  Paris and Wynn were much better.
Mmm hmm it rivals red hot lovers of Ann Arbor, Michigan. I love a good chicago dog no matter where it came from and Matt knows how to make a good dog.
I've eaten here several times and the food is decent.  Not great, but about average for what you would expect from a chain \"brewpub.\"  I do enjoy the loaded baked potatoes that they offer and their beers are pretty good.
Really enjoyed the food and staff. They have a great wine selection. Will be going back.
Yucky tasting food. You must be quite \"mellow\" to enjoy their food...if you know what I mean.
I ordered the steak fajitas for the first time and it was actually really good..Tastey marinade..probably the second best fajitas ive had since ive been to washington dc. then i ended it with a red velvet cake shot..they were only 1.99 mmm
Dr. Wood is constantly learning new healing techniques. He has walls covered with certificates. He is licensed in rehab and before attending chiropractic school, he assisted a physical therapist. He is a wonderful wholistic doctor who cares about his patients and doesn't mind working hard to bring them relief. So glad I found him.
I've been seeing Euyoung for 11 years now, she's very consistent and friendly.  I like how Great Clips offer coupons and periodic specials.
Not good.  Dunno what else to say.  This kind of thing happens a bunch, celebrity chef + casino restaurant + low traffic = overpriced blah.\n\nThe mac and cheese sticks were good as was my double White Russian (I had just seen The Big Lebowski).  Burgers were just ok.
Great tacos, salsas are awesome, the sodas are not to cold :-(, but this is a great place for authentic Mexican tacos, chingon
The selection of music, books, and movies is great. However, don't plan on making any money on trade-ins.
$34 for a 15 minute pedicure was a little on the steep and quick side, but the mango water they served us was delicious. Also a beautiful and calming location.
See my review of ChuChai (with beautiful photos) here:\n\nhttp://alltheveganthings.com/post/16403693116/vegan-dining-restaurants-montreal-chuchai#.Tx6ZsbytM6w
perhaps the worst steakhouse in Vegas! while service is great, atmosphere is dark with blue lighting and the food was average even though you can barely see it on the plate. only go here if you get comped which is unlikely if you're playing at the Palms!
Love coming to hooters,metro location is my favorite place to be the beers are ice cold and all the girls are gorgeous!:)
Cheesy-melty-roasted-cauliflower-with-fresh-bread-crumbs-on-top.\nTo-die-for.
Absolutely the worst food!!!! Not even one star!! Ok the bread basket was good but that's about it. The pizzas were soggy. The pasta we ordered was very salty.
I got the shark week ice cream sundae and it was okay, not to much flavor.  Everyone else I was with however looked like they had some good stuff.  I will have to go back and try something else to be a better judge of how much I like this place
Pros - Open late night, good service\n\nCons - Terrible tasting food!
lots of open seating, a good view of the Kardashian Khaos store if you're into that\nThere is a good variety of snacks, pastries, fruit and beverages to choose from just expect to pay double the price for them.
Was waiting their with my boyfriend for almost 10 minutes until we got seated. The place was empty the hostess didn't even bring me a menu. We just walked out worst ihop ever.
Let's just say between the beer and the broads there is nothing not to like about this place. If I belived in heaven, it would probably be a lot like this place.
They should really limit the people coming in to this place.  Wow is it soo crowded.  Took me 15 min just to talk to the bartender.  Then took me 5 min to get the drink.  I'm outta here.
Very slow service, didn't get the order right, server didn't return to table until 20 minutes after the food was served.  Once told about the wrong order, management didn't even apologize, but offered to deduct the \"extras\" (cheese, advocados)? Won't return
Best Chinese food I've had in nc since moving from NYC. I can at least eat it without saying omg I just wasted money
There is nothing not to like about this place, great sandwiches and a friendly staff of people working behind the counter.  Forget about the chains and give this place a try you willl be glad you did.
Almost a week and I have emailed them 3 times with no response. \nDon't know why I expected more.
The reviews for this place are clearly fake and written by the employees. We tried the \"famous\" chicken wings and can only assume that tasting like buttered feces is their claim to fame. You are hereby warned.
People there were rude. \nNot a wide verity of fruit. \nManager was undoubtably the rudest of them all .
I tried to call in an order and was left on hold for over 15 mins. I finally just hung up...
Three stars for being close to home. This place doesn't match up to gyro express but The cheese curbs keep me coming back.
12.00 for a small spinach salad that was bitter.
Make sure that they are Open first! Stopped by the day before Thanksgiving, the day after, and the day after that. Had to buy the Chicken Parm sandwich as my third choice, since my first two options they were out of! Not sure how long in this world this place will be here, I wish them the best
Expensive and not worth it. Crust is super soggy, and flavoring is bland. If you have to eat and have no other options sure, but I won't be coming back if I can help it.
Great new spot! I love this place! The atmosphere is great, it's dog-friendly, the owners are really nice and the beers are amazing. Definitely recommend checking this place out. We will be back!
Not friendly. Don't care because it is good enough for government work. I think if I work there I would lose my mind. This place is below 50ft of crap
I have only ever had their smoothies. They are amazing! My favorite part is watching the barista make fresh-squeezed apple juice that then goes into my smoothie. It makes it taste so much better! I am also a big fan of the fact that their smoothies are all natural with no sugar and still delicious!
Taste is good, but hurts my stomach hurts after 30 minutes of eating. They must use the cheapest products available.  Make sense its only five bucks. Spend a bit more and get a frozen pizza :)
I've tried really hard to like this place, but they mess my order up two out of three times and then act like jerks when I ask them to fix it. I'm never rude, mistakes happen, but geez get it right!!!
BWW has became my go to spot for wings always pretty good! Always really good and the wings are big too! The Asian zing has easily became my favorite flavor dellllllllicious!!!!!!!!
50% off sales every other Saturday. Gets a bit crowded during sales, but everything is reasonably priced and some things are pretty good quality. Get there when it opens if you want the best stuff as things move quickly!
The black bean burger is NONVEGAN. The employee stated that the patty is made with egg, and the cheese is pre-placed on top of it.
I love Patel's! It is obvious that the threader is extremely well-trained and always does a fantastic job. \n\nMy only complaint?? The location! I would much rather her be further away from the mall. If you happen to be nearby, stop by and leave with perfect eyebrows.
Last visit here will probably be my last for awhile. I ordered some tamago nigiri and you know what they served me?\n\nTamago. No rice. No nori. How is that a nigiri sushi?!\n\nDisappointment.
The food is pretty good here. The problem that I have with this place is where its located. It's near the score boards where people bet on sports so you can here the retards pissing away their money while you eat. Kinda freaky and pedestrian.
Robert G. Was awesome! He checked my tire and fixed it for free! I've been a Toyota customer for years and this is why!!
I've only been here once and I had a skillet. I was pretty good but too many potatoes. I'd love to come back and try some different stuff though!
Cool lil place with decent food and a good atmospheres. The bartender Jess is a doll;super helpful and always cheerful. I've heard more bad things than I've seen for this place. Might be better with some more upbeat tunes
Very authentic Thai restaurant. Definitely will be coming back. Their drunken noodle with seafood mix is delicious!
Just did my sons birthday yesterday.  The Staff is amazing.  The Ref of our group was fun,  He would talk to the kids and get them all involved.  I can't wait to go back.  I think the place could use so upkeep but we are not there for that..  My rating for the staff out weighs the grounds
Well, it's cheap and they deliver.  I live right across the street and I still make an order for delivery. I wouldn't recommend eating in or pick-ups--they do not specialize in customer service.  Use campusfood.com instead.
Excellent sushi, awesome apps, half price rolls on Mondays, other specials, great service, beautiful aquarium.\n\n5 stars.
Had the southwestern shrimp burro and crab relleno.  It was very good!  Margarita was okay.
An awesome Italian grocery and deli. It's a good place to puck up fresh bread, pasta, and cooking oils amongst other Italians specialties. At the deli counter you can order sandwiches with the special being an Italian sandwich for $5 on half a loaf of bread and $10 on a whole loaf.
They serve beef tongue (lengua) and chivas (goat) need I say more!  I love this place.  They lose a star because from the taste and texture; I think they buy their chips instead of make them on site.
The food was good. But the customer experience in this location is poor. They are too busy to want to provide a good quality experience. There food is way too expensive to be rushed and hurried out the door. I would rather patronize a business that appreciates my dollars.
Just wanted 2 dozen bagels. Usually they have the grab and go. They told me to wait off to the side while they prepare the boxes. While waiting, I noticed they helped the 3 people behind me before I finally said something and received my order. Service was good, just note that it may take you some extra time.
Waitress couldn't get anything right. I love the second floor outdoor seating, everything else was terrible.
I've got at least thirty people hooked on ycs! They need to come to phoenix the foods worth my hour drive but, I hate the expensive gas
came at 4pm, waited around 30 min.  the dessert was GREAT, didn't eat much else so i don't know if it was worth it for me.  i tried a little of all the desserts.  the bread pudding was pretty good with the cream anglaise.
I only come to Starbucks when there's promotion going on.  I usually just brew it from home or buy it from local companies.  Usually got what I got and don't have to say it twice.
The best thing about this place is the fact the portions are plenty big enough to share. Other than that, it's pretty typical. I wouldnt sit at the counter or near it though. It's pretty hot so we asked to move. We were accomodated pretty quickly though.
Cheap and very friendly!
Great lumpia. Not so great service. Maybe it's because I don't speak tigalig.
The Russell is a must have. I recommend getting it with a Kobe patty.
I went to this place because it was close and the reviews were good. Not only are they overpriced, but my manicure honestly looks like crap and I have no idea why I even paid for it. I strongly recommend going somewhere else because it was a complete waste of time and money.
I often stop here for my coffee on the way into work and to get gas. Service is usually fast and friendly. They have a fairly regular staff here who all know what they're doing.
The service here continues to get slower and slower. 20 min for a panini, only 3 customers. Seems only to happen when the boss is gone.
I liked getting to look at all of the options of the swirl in menu and select an interesting combination.  Nice place, friendly staff.
wow!!! incredible views, service off charts and food was as exotic as i have seen i would come back over and over again if i could afford it definatey a special occasion place!!
Avg Mexican food at an above avg price.  Too many good spots in the Valley to waste your money here.
Very disappointed with my order, first it took 15 minutes to get my order and then when I got my order my coffee ( caramel frappuchino) was so nasty and didn't even taste good, it was all melted and lacked taste. Do not recommend going there.
Ate here twice during a recent visit to LV.  \nGreat food & great staff.  Super helpful in navigating significant drink and food options.  Typical overpriced LV though. Perhaps 30-40% inflated just because it is inside of ARIA.
3D movies are fun here - the prices are high but tolerable.  I prefer going here over Concord Mills.  Overall the place is clean but they do need a few more people working in the evenings to handle concessions and tickets.
Watery coffee. Tea water lukewarm. Food unexceptional. Noisy. Why all the stars again?
Good food. Good portions. Great service.
What a great show!  My wife and I had a really good time.  For those reviews saying if you're in your 30's and you won't enjoy it...they are wrong.
It's a good breakfast.  I would say its a little pricey for eggs. Service is a little overwhelmed at times.
Eat a hamburger...because that was all that was worth mentioning here.
Great Happy Hour Deals, Good Food, Nice Atmosphere, definitely recommend this restaurant to hang out for happy hour
Only reason for 1 star is 'cause I got arrested here for underaged drinking years ago.\n\nI blame the Diamondbacks, for no legitimate reason.
I love Crazy Pita. Their food is fresh, flavorful and delicious. My favorites are the lamb anything, the Vegetable Couscous and the baklava. I often order off their catering menu for our parties.
Nice job. Had the 2 platter.  Pulled pork baby back. Delicious.  Will be back. Thanks.
gross gross gross,\nmy friend and i ordered the asian chicken salad, andit was gross, so gross that i considered taking it back and have them refund my money. that gross.\nthe best part of this meal was the water I got, due to dehydration from drinking,
Fantastic new back patio with stellar views and super ambience!  Had a couple o' pitchers....some delish flat bread to nosh on...and great service.
Dr. Katherine Sample of Madison Women's Health delivered our son on 11/6/2010 and fractured his skull, killing him almost instantly. She has devastated our family and I would advise everyone to stay far, far away from her in particular. Hopefully this post helps save some lives...
Try it you'll like it, I promise!! Smash fries are a must.
I just rode by Nails & Spa on Selwyn, there is a large banner up for $25 mani/pedi.  I love $25 mani/pedi!! Go now, who knows who long the banner will fly.
Needs a remodel. Plain and simple. No 24hr coffee shop. You can stop with the \"we luv locals\" crap. The M shows a lot more \"luv\" in every way.
Excellent salads, nothing like we have ever experienced, and wonderful pizza.  Dessert was also very good.   Very impressed by the service also as it was wonderful.  An excellent dining experience was had by my husband and I.
Love this store! \nI wish they had the raincoat i wanted in my size...it was on sale and Sooooo cute! alas, it was not to be. \nBut definitely worth a visit to check out the cute clothes and accessories
I absolutely love this place! Beers are amazing there, the Piranha Pale Ale is definitively my favorite. \nFood is also great, I tried several things on the menu and I never was disappointed. Their lunch specials are very good deals. Refill soups and salads.
the bistro is pricey but good food.  you have to want to go to enjoy the environment.\n\nthe nightclub was subpar.  they played pop music and songs that are not fun to dance to unless you're drunk off your mind.
Quite possibly, the best steak I've ever eaten.  Perfectly prepared - with a signature char that is heavenly.  Also delicious creamed spinach.  Wonderful crab cake for ap.  great meal! Pricey and memorable.
I wanted to buy a camera but they refused to put a battery in the camera so I could check out the camera before buying.
Great place... good people, fun atmosphere, fair prices, yummy drinks, and live entertainment! Other than that, I don't have much to say since we only came here for drinks.
Very fun casual setting with an outdoor patio right on the strip great for people watching... I have not tried their food but this is a must stop to try their famous frozen hot chocolate!  It's a nice sweet treat that comes in multiple flavors (some even with alcohol) to help beat the Vegas summer heat
A great place to start off your weekend. Lovely staff, great music and extremely cute mugs they use to put your drink in. Highly recommend this place!\n\nhttp://smgdesigns.co.uk
I've given this Carraba's 2 tries!!  Food is not standard quality and service is awful.
It is a very nice place I just wish they offer a better menu, The food was good and the wine ok no a great selection.
Cold fries, mediocre burger with with lettuce, tomatoes and onion on the side. Wilted to the point where I didn't want to touch it. Service was horrible. Little to say....
YES and YES... \n\nAwesome coffee shop. Beautiful ambiance and great tasting coffee. Breakfast was good. Customer service was nice. If you're in downtown PHX.. do yourself a favor and visit!
This place is way overrated. It is a decent pub place with good Wisconsin grub, but nothing I would wait over 15 minutes to get. Their beers are good as they brew all of the beer themselves which is cool. Yet, the Great Dane is more a big name in Madison that under delivers on quality of food.
Found a French grammar mistake in the menu. No real French food. Food tasted good but the French bread wasn't great.
Not much waiting if you make an appointment online. Maggie is the best!!! Her Customer Service is great and she's very knowledgeable. My visit was quite enjoyable and I got a great deal. I've had Sprint since 2001 and haven't had any problems with them.
overrated is the word..the coffee is just meh and the food is just average don't think ill ever go back
The burgers are delicious!
While the company was awesome the food and service was far less memorable. The servers were uptight and stilted. The brunch fair was quite limited and while prepared with a chef's flare lacked that breakfasty feel you look for with brunch. Would not go back again for brunch.
Slow service and understaffed, Planet Hollywood is running on west coast time. Sub par amenities. The rooms were dismal.
Sub par. Go to Taco Bell instead. This place is terrible! Apparently it holds some memories for my wife (\"It used to be good\"), but it was not good.  All the food is bland and basically just filler. Stay away.
Great place to have breakfast or lunch. Breakfast, coffee, cocktails how can you go wrong. The place gets packed on the weekends, but well worth the wait. Friendly staff and good food. Plus the bartender is hot.
I have never had bad food from this location. It's clean, the staff is friendly, the food is stellar! Seriously, I don't go to any other location because they've set the bar so high, I'm usually disappointed if I go anywhere else.
good and worth trying\ni would recommend
Solid stop for video games. Store's pretty big, and I've always had friendly service no matter who's running the store. It's pretty well organized for midnight releases as well. Excellent service and big location, can't ask for much more in a Gamestop.
Having been married to a Greek woman and having a number of close, Greek friends I'm partial to this cuisine. The service was a bit slow, the gyros pretty good. Overall decent for a yuppyish-type establishment. Curious enough to return the next time I'm in Charleston.
Best seafood restaurant I've ever been to. Seafood flown in fresh everyday and all the sauces are made from scratch everyday.
Friendly and efficient staff, great hygienist and dentist!  Went in off of yelp reviews and they exceeded my expectations. Pleasant experience (not an easy task for a dental office)!
Poor quality. Bad pasta. Would be ok for a $5-10 dish. Do yourself a favor and go to a different place.
Uncle Louie's Rest is great. A lot of locals go their on a regular bases. The Steamed Clams are to die for, and the Veal dishes are wonderful. Uncle Louie visits the tables as the owner and takes a real interest in the customer. Great Italian Food, and great prices on wine.
Not to bad. Love the egg nog shake and the Apple pie shake! Chili cheese fries are good. Burgers are good. But still nothing compares to an In N Out burger on the west coast
its a good place to get hot fresh & decent chinese food
Really crappy service. Went there, pretty empty. We had a party of 12 and in the mood to drink. The waitress never bothered to pay us a visit. This place sucks.
I love this salon. Byron is THE BEST. He does an amazing job with my hair coloring every time, and it's affordable! The people who work here are polite. There is zero sales push on products, and no snobbish atmosphere.
Really enjoyed their tacos, but one order they forgot to add cheese to the gorditas and forgot my chips on one of my to-go orders.\n\nDefinitely recommend the place though.
Perfectly aged and cooked steak! Great date night place ( hoping that my date next time will be be a gentleman. ..) but hey, at least I enjoyed my dinner!\nLove the lobster mashed potatoes :)
This is a pretty nice neighborhood joint.  Pretty typical - but nice.  Stopped by and found some nice happy hour specials.  $5 appetizers and cheap draught beer.  Mostly a gaming establishment but it is a good place to throw a few beers back!
Had a berry banana smoothie after the dolphin/lion exhibit nearby. Good stuff, not overpriced either. service was very friendly.
Though we are non locals, we are allowed to have computer privileges which we use frequently while on vacation.  There are a sufficient quantity of computers so we never have to wait.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.
Nice place to hang out with friends and have a few drinks but food isn't that good and the wait staff are indifferent.
Only 3 customers in the establishment, 30 minutes wait after we ordered. Grilled cheese sandwich was burned. Fries were over cooked. Will not be coming back. The cook was horrible
The food was all natural, fresh, and home made. The food was very good. The service was great.  We will be back.
This place is so amazing . Why does anyone else even make food ? It's a reason to come to Vegas . I mean really
Obsessed with the Americana burger!
Always delicious. Don't miss the homemade root beer!
We came here Friday night for cocktails to enjoy an Arizona sunset.  The views are very nice and the service is friendly.  I am interested to try the restaurant.  They had it roped off, so you couldn't sneak a peek to see if you wanted to come back.
Just ok nothing special. Live around the corner probably won't be back it ain't my thang.
Nice staff!   FYI military discount not given at this location.
Probably some of the worst Chinese and food in general I have had. I would worry about getting sick here based on the raw chicken i was served and kung pao chicken that I have now idea what it actually was. Steer clear of this place.
Wost Place ever, would never go back again. I tell everyone who might think to go there,  DONT DO IT!! You will be making a mistake! Not only does the food suck and take forever, the servers are not friendly or nice in the slightest. Again I say worst place ever do not go there!
I went back because my vegan pizza was so good I had to try something else. Got the meatless meatball sub and it was great as well. So nice to have vegan options close by and on the strip. Well done.
Was in town for business meetings.  Nice course in town and I was staying nearby. Good shape and price was good.  Pace of play was a little slow, however it was a Sun in Feb.  Will probably play again next yr.
Meh, it was okay. Just like any other 3 stars. But this is a little too pricey for my liking for just OK food. The service was just normal as well.
The smoothies are good but pretty expensive.  I liked the Thai wrap.  However, they didn't honor the $10 groupon, only taking $5 off.  Won't be going back.
Can't speak to the quality of service as I've been sitting here waiting more than a half hour for my first appointment.
It's just your typical Starbucks, nothing special to report here.
Not a great hotel.
We always go to this Discount location because they're so great to work with!  Recently replaced 1 tire for free under my Road Hazard protection because I had a nail that they could have fixed but because of where it was at they just went ahead & replaced it.
Excellent customer service & the patio area is what makes this spot a great restaurant experience. \n\nOtherwise what I ate was average tasting & average presentation also. I had the egg white & turkey omelette.
Small park, over priced food, we paid $55 for 3 slices of pizza , 2 orders of chicken wings that were the smallest flavorless wings we have ever had, and 2 beers.....never again....pack food
Meats were ok, sides were average or all around miss, small to medium portions.  Came all the way out to use a restaurant.com cert that they didnt accept.
Really nice place. A bit pricy but I just love their great smoothies and the hummus wrap
Always a fan favorite.  Can be expensive at times, but the quality of the food is always perfect.  A great chain that I will repeat -- love crispy spinach
Waited for 3+ hours just to get a simple physical for work. They are slow sloppy and rude to everyone to comes in. DO NOT USE THIS LOCATION
I thought big girls knew where the good food was at...but Oprah definitely does not. I tried the Wiseguy and Rosa pizzas and was not impressed with either. The crust was alright and the servers were attentive but when I pay $16 for a small pizza, I damn well better like it.
Clean room, basic, no frills, nice pool & spa, friendly staff, no extra incidental deposit, hard to get to the 1st time (enter from K-Mart parking lot). I'd stay here again.
I'm not a huge fan of chains but the food here is always consistently good. This is standard \"American\", little of everything, place. It is a good place to have a lunch meeting if you want to try to please unknown tastes.
I love this place. Atmosphere and their ridiculously pricey drinks. food is great and it is a fun place to come with friends and grab drinks and be social.
I have no idea how my mediocre pedicure turned into $40! This place is a standard strip mall, sub-par experience with Spa prices! The staff was nice, but they didn't do a very good job.  I won't be back.
Delicious! The tuna cones were the very best! The salmon cakes were also very good. My friend tried the chicken skewer which she says were okay. Service was spot on.
Not bad for $35/person. Cute presentation of food and decoration.
Love this place but only if you have Mel she is the best bartender ever.  She makes the best Pineapple Upside Down shots....sooooooo good.  Great quesadilla.  Great now that they have a new manager as well :)
This use to be a course I played often. The condition of the course and overall rude treatment led me to vow to never play there again! Which I have stuck with!
Variety,but not quality!
Don't go here to often, Have nothing bad to say about the place, Food is decent the prices are okay. My kids enjoy it, just nothing really stands out. A good neighbor hood restaurant.
Will not go back. Pizza was not great, service was weird, and everything was WAY too expensive. Only reason we ended up here is because it was 4pm and Cibo didn't open until 5pm. Go to Cibo or Federal instead.
Very nice place especially at Caesar's Palace. This was my first time trying dining at a Cheesecake Factory. The menu selection was huge.
very nice and chic.  was here for a friend's wedding weekend.  the chapel is beautiful...no signs of vegas or elvis.  very elegant setting with the most comfortable chairs ever present at a wedding.  this hotel is a breath of fresh air while in vegas if you're not there to gamble.
This is a pretty relaxed theatre that is never too busy. They validate your parking which is useful and of course gouge you for popcorn and drinks of course.\n\nThe theatres are big and comfy with lots of leg room. No complaints but they don't always have every movie playing.
They have A fire place inside , and they use it .\nVery nice , and clean .Easy to make friends .
Poor customer service, and arrogant management. The cash registers also do not face to customer, so you cannot see the prices as they ring up the items, unless you go through the self check out lanes.
I don't understand the hype for this place. Service was ok and my filet mignon was SO overcooked and lacked flavor. The only decent part about my meal was the molten chocolate cake. Will not come back.
Overpriced food that is mediocre at best, beers you can buy at the local market & the staff were s...l...o...w!
This is my go to place near work for some Pad Thai.  I am a huge fan of their Veggie Pad Thai or their Pad Thai in general.  Always a fan when craving Thai.  Their Thai Ice Tea is also delish!
Been here twice and it's my new spot when I have a sweet tooth for some fresh cookies and my fav, Thrifty Ice Cream this is the place.\nI love supporting local businesses!  Prices are reasonable and a perfect portion. Even the husband likes this place
I've had the worst experience ever with this airline. Both my flights to and from Vegas were delayed at least an hour each due to maintenance. Why should the customers suffer for your airplane malfunctions? Completely ruined my trip. Thanks southwest, I will never fly with you guys ever again.
My first time here and I had the greatest experience. My server was chad, told him what beer style I liked and he ironically brought me all of my favorite beers without even knowing. Had a great time, and would highly recommend this place!
I don't understand all of the hype of this place $30 bucks for two hot dogs and a drink......maybe celebrities can afford to eat here.....but I can't
My go to F&E. What isn't to love about F&E. U can't get all your food here that u need but what they do have is great. Awesome staff and store is always nice and clean.
Went today to drop off camaro I rented returned quick and easy and picked up new car for 2nd stage of my vacation picked up r/t challanger fast and easy once again Hertz A+++
Had the Santa Fe salad (half order) and tomato soup.  Delicious!
Went back to make sure the first time wasn't a fluke, not at all. By far the best pizza I have had in Vegas. The only reason for 4 stars is that I live on the west side and a bit of a drive for me. but it is worth the drive. Wish there was one on the west side.
The breakfast burrito was okay and for this reason I felt it was overpriced. The location next to Ice Den and the operating hours are really great. The staff are friendly and the service was fast.
Best burgers in Arizona!!  'Nough said.
Well. If you like greasy Mexican cuisine this is the place to dine. Certaunily not the same quality food that is served.at the original Julios. Save your money and go to Taco Bell.
Really good subs! The macaroni salad is good too. Just don't visit this location any later than an hour or so before closing. They tend to start their cleaning very early, and they're very loud about it.
Had a bad experience at the subway across the parking lot so you notice I left one place came to this one right away much better better service I recommend this place for a much better service.
Was here some weeks ago on a Living Social deal. Very impressed with flavors. Thai Ice Tea was different and quite tasty! Being a BIG fan of Asian cuisine, this was a plus!  I purchased more desls from living social for both locations.
Sushi was the worst...who puts mayo on a roll... Not even the Japanese do this!!\n\nIts def. a chain restaurant. Got to the place about 10 mins before the happy hour was over and the waitress wouldnt let us order.. WTF is that about?
I found the customer service here to be less than desirable. The lady was either having  bad day or was a real grouch. Seemed very annoyed in helping us. On top of that there are NO returns..even unworn and tags on . I would not go there again.
Really lovely. Tiny but lovely. Melissa was great, perfect. Cheese board!\nAsk her for wines. \n(Share glasses to make wine flights because they don't do that.)\nRecommend.\n\nCozy and intimate.
Slow service, appetizer came it with meal and slow to fill water glasses. Not worth the high price.
Overwhelmingly meh.
This was a great experience.  A bit pricey but worth it.
The first time couple of times I went there they were closer to four stars, but this last trip put them at a three star. The combo Kung pao was just average. I really hate meat that is mushy, and that's what the beef was. This is just your average Chinese joint with a nice decor.
Jay and Jen are the dynamic duo of amazing servers and you would do well to patron this establishment and tip them well.  these ladies keep the beer coming and the food hot!
Great music by Fatboy Slim but the employees and especially security (Joe and Earle) are complete ass$%*@!!! This place could honestly be one of the best day clubs but the staff sucks and kills any desire of drinking or anything.
No longer $1 bloody mary's on weekend.  sad face.\n\nBut for $3 you can get a bloody mary or a mimosa and you don't have to order breakfast.  And boy, are those tasty.
My son loves this place. A great standby too-cold-out place to spend the day with the kids.
Veryyy good! :) Specialty coffee is better than Starbucks!
Waited 43 minutes for food. Was not busy when we walked in. No apologies. Others were served ahead of us. Many choices nearby. Choose wisely.
Fast and friendly service with good music. The malasada sunday was delicious! For drinks make sure you go for happy hour.
The food was very good and priced well, would have given 4 stars if the waiter had been a little more interested in his job rather than flirt with the hostess.
Why mess up a good thing? I asked for extra tomato sauce and was grossed out when I discovered that they squeezed extra sauce all over the top of the pizza. For some reason this pizza tasted disgustingly sweet. This was my Spinato's pizza.
One of the more cleaner 24. But this review is based on the people that go this 24. Gym filled with racist people who will stereotype you based on your race. If you are Asian, you are not welcomed at the basketball court.
So here I am sans family and not a clue where to go and what to eat, so like the rest of us: HELP YELP!!??  Found this hidden gem in Chandler and definitely would recommend it!  The staff is friendly, helpful, and ready to work!
I'd never eaten sushi before, and this conveyer belt style was a great way to get introduced. I got to see everything available and ask questions about everything in real time rather than be force to decide from a menu. My more experianced sushi friends raved about it to.
ordered 2 carnita tacos with rice/beans. The food was cold and everything was flavorless. The food was gross and super expensive. Maybe the actual restaurant is better.
Food was okay, average at best, service was fast and friendly and their strawberry daiquiri was yum, but the beer came out of the tap warm, never good. This place definitely needs Jon Taffer.
Parisian Macaroon (Red) is very bitter. I don't know if it is because of the dye or the almond flour. I can't finish it ;(\nThe filling is great tho.
It's Excalibur don't expect much and you won't be disappointed. The pools are pretty awesome though.\n\nHave fun!
Fun experience, but crowded as hell!
Great service, fair prices! Can't beat it.
Very small restaurant.  Chips and salsa are tasty.  Would not recommend the steak.  Portions are very good.
There's a crowd of 20 people waiting for food and have been for 10 minutes. One girl's order was messed up and they've taken 10 min to fix it. A customer was angry and the cashier just yelled back at him. Food might be decent but service is atrocious.
Was just in Morgan's Shoes. The prices are ridiculously high and after 15 minutes of wandering around,  no one had spoken to me, let alone acknowledge my presence.  Very dissatisfied and would not recommend to my friends.
Awesome chowder but that's it...
Music way too loud...like sitting in a bar waiting to dance   Boom.  Boom.  Boom. Food was great but if you want to talk to your partner go somewhere else.
Food was great, love the atmosphere, would eat here again!  The server initially turned me off with his attitude but I quickly picked up on his humor.
I had the spicy schezuan noodle bowl and it was great.
I love Walgreen's.  Get my meds there and pretty much everything else I need.  Love to just browse and see what they have and the seasonal stuff great.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  I even bought Walgreen's stock i love them so much.  They fill my prescriptions.
I downloaded Yelp because of this place. It is my FAVORITE place in the world to have a burger. The best staff and most relaxed, fun place to eat. I adore my hippie burgers!!!
Nice place, to bad the Cubs always suck....
I have been shopping here for years.Martin in the guitar dept is awesome!He has treated me like a good long time costumer should be treated!All though I do miss the smaller local guys I think this outfit does a great job overall.
Great service and a cool vibe, I have been to Guy's twice now and have enjoyed it both times. If you're only going to go once, get a burger or a sandwich so you can get Quad Fries.
Always feel comfortable inside.!!\nwent there last nite with friend and family.\nyummy tiramisu~~\nChef is always nice to us and comes to have a small talk with us\n:)
I give it 3 stars for the pies. The desserts were very good with a wide selection. The regular food menu has a quality only slightly better than Dennys or IHOP but the prices are MUCH higher. The cost isn't worth the quality.
Favorite uptown pizzeria! Be sure to get a meat and cheese plate - it will cement the experience.
I ordered pizza for pick up on the phone and the lady I spoke to is rude. This lady doesnt know how to talk to customers in a good manner. POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!
Just try it! Move over Teds. Hot dogs, italian beef, chicken sandwiches and burgers...all good. Oh and the cheese fries are a must add to any order. The only thing on the menu I didn't care for is the tamales...not worth the $3.
Slow services, Dirty dishes and extremely loud. If my cousin didn't work there I probably wouldn't have ate there last time. Food is not good and not a family environment.
Amazing Indian food, very inpressed, and I'm from New York, the home of \"supposedly\" authentic Indian cuisine. Delicious garlic naan, and all the other dishes we tried. No complaints, thanks!
Fairly decent Chinese in the middle of the Strip. We've ordered several things from Noodle Asia and the only things worth ordering here are the beef noodle soup and the Shanghai rice cakes. Service is terrible like most Asian restaurants. It's difficult even getting a glass of water.
There's no sound on any of the TV's for any of the games.  Barely any waitress service and no table side service for food.  If you want you can go wait in the long line at the deli and then wait some *more* while the make your food and call your number.
I love this place. I go as often as I can. Very family friendly. The staff is awesome. Best popcorn shop in Vegas. Must go!
1st time eating here. Food was on point. Ordered the Fried Ramen Noodles. So fresh.  Will def be back to try other menu items. Cool vibe and great service.
Avoid at all costs. I think their name is now XO Nails. They were unprofessional, dirty and in then end I am not happy. Should of left before they started.
The bartender will know your name. The happy hour deals are great and the bar is perfect for a social meet up after work.
Great guys fixed our double garage door!  Rick and Ryan were so professional and nice. Also very fair price that our young family can afford.  Will recommend them to ALL of our neighbors and friends.
2 stars for good service but the food was less than marginal.  Too bad, was looking forward to finally having good wings here
This place is totally fucked up! They don't have a common condiment that every hamburger place carries - mayonnaise. Now I remember why I haven't been to one of these since they were only in California.
First impression not great, 6 minutes still waiting for coffee and I was only second person in here..\n\nTo long for coffee!!\n\nCool\nAtmosphere, staff maybe it to early very stoic
The staff is very nice and helpful. They offer half off the visit fee for first time patients. Our doctor was very nice and he didn't push us to get all of the suggestions they had given us.
best chinese food in the world!! \nthats it!
Fancy french food, decent atmosphere, insanely high prices. If you sit out on the \"porch\" you can do a lot of people watching. That's about it. Not bad, but I wouldn't go back because the food was good but not worth the price or atmosphere.
The decor was fun but the food just OK. I expected better quality food considering the prices are a bit high. I probably wont come back.
Very quick service. Glass was never half empty. Friendly people. Ate the angle hair with basil and added chicken. Needed a little salt but could definitely taste the basil. Plentiful. They also offer a large wine menu. Great ambiance.
Zero stars. The ways in which this bar is an epic piece of shit could be enumerated. But 1) that would be exhausting and 2) no doubt not a single person who works here could count that high. So I will summarize by saying: le barf.
Super tasty food. Cheerful service.  Will def return...
could have been an honest mistake, but it felt like the bartender was trying to get me to pay for another patrons meal by mistakingly seeing us as a \"couple.\"\n\nJust saying,  I'm not into getting conned.
Very good chinese food I had since I moved out here. I love their big portions and that they deliver all the time and on time! I love the shrimp with lobster sauce, shrimp walnut, and there egg soup! The family sets are good!
Always enjoy coming here. Food is good, love the bands, and chief is very friendly.
Really good food and drinks but I have felt a little awkward inside at times. It won't deter me from going back but I'll show up with girls next time.
Creamy and authentic gelato but nothing too special.  They serve traditional flavors which are well done but I'd like to see more creative flavors.
You know, I showed up because it was recommended on the food network.  The food was good, the fod was different, but I am not overwhelmingly compelled to try it again.  If you are considering going, go.  It is a truely, different dining experience.
This was by far one of my best dining experiences... Chef Mimmo is amazing. From the food to the service to the ambiance.. I can't not say enough!
I got ripped off.  Granted I didn't bring my confirmation number with me, they could not find my reservation at the gate and when I called customer service, since date had passed - no refund was available. Will not use the internet to  pay for parking again.  I am pissed that I got screwed out of 28.00.
Darren, I appreciate you reaching out but it wasn't busy at all. We're not unreasonable people and understand when a place is busy service is slightly slower however that was not the case. There was maybe 5 tables in the whole restaurant with people at them.
Love sakana!  they are always friendly and the sushi is always consistently delicious!
Quick and friendly service! Great stop for a quick lunch break
I was very disappointed in this meal last night. Based on the reviews I expected good quality food but instead the lo meins were lacking flavor, the orange chicken was soggy, and the crab cream cheese puffs had no crab. Don't eat here, there are other choices in the neighborhood!
Amazing that a wholesome place like this exists in Las Vegas.  Good atmosphere, clean facility, and freshly prepared food, right by the lake.\nI'm happy to know this place has survived.
Worst nail place ever been to. Not only my nails were filed cruked  but the nail Polish looked like I put polish on myself. My manicure was finished in 11 mins\n\nWould not recommend this place
so bad, so bad.\n\nthere's much more other choices. don't waste your time lining up for crap food.
Definitely a 5 star experience. We had to wait 2 hours for a table (literally) but it was completely worth it! Excellent sushi, tuna tacos and white bean dip, and the drinks are unique creations worth trying. Visiting from out of town but next time we are here we will go back for another taste!
Breakfast is really great after a loooong night out. We stayed next door at the Vdara so this was a short walk over. \n* pancakes were good but the waffle was better.\n* nice ambience \n* short wait in line compared to other Vegas spots
Disappointed!\n\nThis place takes the high art and craftsmanship of making a Neapolitan pizza and reduces it to dispassionate assembly line fast food trash.
I love love love the chandeliers :)
The Stadium recently closed at the Fountains.  A sign on the door said they were moving to a new location, but no new address was listed.
Toby's Keith's is so much fun. They host the best concerts and you can dance the night away! Bartenders are awesome and friendly! Great food as well!
The gravy... Is to die for, I could eat a bowl of it! Can't go wrong, close your eyes and point at the menu. You'll love it.
I love Dunkin Donuts but they have gone downhill. I come here every morning for an Iced Coffee and bagel and everyday my coffee is different (mostly horrible). Either the mess up the order or it doesn't even taste like coffee, they are not consistent. I rather get a coffee at McDonald's.
Very yummy gelato....the Camelback location is especially great for people watching.  G'Spot is good and they offer a large selection, but I still prefer the quality at the gelato shop next to Le Grand Orange (not affiliated).
Food was OK at best. Portions were small and overpriced.
The food was ok but for a place called Coney Island I expected quick service and it was so slow. our group had to get our food to go and then eat it cold because we were late for our appointment due to super slow service.   I would probably not return
Since we haven't been 2 TJ for a few years whenever we're in Vegas we make it a point to stop in and have tacos...  The best freakin tacos I swear
One of my favorite spots in Tempe.  Offers a very eclectic Irish bar setting with a great selection of beers.  \n\nThe outdoor seating is very nice, especially with great weather.  Mill Ave can tend to get a little crazy at times, but Casey Moore's offers an escape that is worth the visit.
Rockabilly ;p
Beautiful Casino. Wait staff was kind of rude.
Ate there last night. Had a big hair in my food. Kinda grossed me out so I only ate half. What I tasted was good.
Great food and beer selection
Yummy!!!!\n\nWe'll be back sooner than later!
Had to go to Scottsdale for work over the weekend and I had to be in the Fashion Square Mall.  Honestly, there is nothing special about this Mall but it is very large.  Multiple floors and a nice variety of shops.\n\nVery clean!  Food court has a good variety of choices.
This place is FANTASTIC! Very generous portions for the amount of money your meal costs. Get the gyros!  So delicious. Everything is made fresh to order. Their hummus with the ground beef was very good. This place, while not fancy, definitely is comparable to The Persian Room at a fraction of the cost.
I have lived here for a year and a half and have only had a handful of issues. The size of the apartments are nice, the landscape is beautiful, and the people are generally friendly. I love the office staff!
Overpriced and under-fun. This was more trouble than it was worth and the \"crime scenes\" were G-rated and boring. Probably OK for kids, but if you're over 12, skip it.
Love coming here. Plenty of room and machines. Everyone is real friendly.
Sub par pizza. Go here for drunk munchies only or you wont enjoy it. It is extremely pricey.  For a large pie with 3 toppings, it was roughly 30 or so. Also the pizza was dry, and if we didn't call ahead the  wait would have been extremely long. Weak pizza
Tiny store and no one really acknowledges you. What?? I was shopping for my girlfriends birthday gift and the sales people there were very helpful. I was pretty frustrated and ended up going elsewhere to get my girl something.
Love this place! Awesome food, fun events and the best place to get some work done!
I love this place!! massage at the table and food???!!! Sure you have to pay a little bit extra but its really worth it. Everyone is super professional and just lovely.
Yum!  Gave it a try for lunch and I am glad I did!  The server, Mykkhul, was an awesome guy.  I gave it 5 stars because of him, and we will be back to try other things on the menu!
This bbq is actually pretty darn good. We ordered their massive samplers and and pleased to say we liked it all. The meat just falls right off the ribs and the pulled pork was super tasty. The atmosphere and food options kinda made it feel like we were at grandparents or something. We will go again
This meal was ok. The steak had some grissle and it was just ok. I am kind of disappointed. It took forever to get the check and the the manager butted in during the close out of the check so it took even longer.
They were so polite. One waiter gave me a glass of water an hour after I closed my tab while I was charging my iPhone.  Great service!
Hyped in my tourist guide. Nice ambiance, but neither the beer nor the whisky collection impressed me (and frankly, I do expect that in Edinburgh). It even had a tv with sports on, was I back in the US?
Paying $18 for THE worst burrito i've ever had?  my fault.\n\nInexcusably horrible service for an hour and a half?  your fault. \n\nDon't get it twisted, get Chipotle.
I like this place, the food is fresh and authentic. Prices are good too think of it like a Mediterranean Chipotle style place. I always get the pita and have it topped with whatever I am feeling for lunch that day. Check it out if your'e in the neighborhood you will enjoy it.
I cannot come here anymore as much as I would love to have a nail salon so close to my house, I will drive 10-15 min now for better quality and attention to detail. Also lacking cleanliness in some areas.
Love this place. It is always good and such a fun place to take a group. The services is good and makes you want to come back. I have been with family and friends and also gone for work lunches never a disappointment. Also the sweets are delish.
No stars!!!!! \nBad service! Worse food! Manager has a real bad attitude!!!!!!!!!!\nDon't ever bother to go there!\nIt totally sucked!\nThese people have no idea of how to prepare or serve food!
Perfect for a local band, and the cajun fries aren't bad either. If there is a neon reverb band playing there, or another local band..you can always count on a good dive bar experience!
Service was good. We had breakfast dishes, and they were yummy. After some issues, they let us outside for drinks. Only 3 stars because it's a nice place for the views and drinks. The food is good, and a great accompany to the drinks. I will return to sit outside and enjoy the views. If they let me.
Food is good, if not great.  The owners are very friendly.  Portion sizes are large.  They were very accommodating of our children.
Great sauce, meatballs, pizza...friendly neighborly place
The menu is pretty standard fare for breakfast. The restaurant is always clean and the staff are friendly. Surprisingly I ordered the beef tips dinner and it was super tender and had a good flavor. I was pleasantly surprised. They have the best croutons here!
decided to check this place out after reading the reviews and its true 3 workers and only 1 was very helpful. didn't buy anything but nice selection of rc cars and a little bit of airplanes.
there oj not fresh anymore that sucks!!!!!!!!!
My boyfriend and I dined for lunch at My Buddy's Cafe and the food was outstanding! The service was very friendly and the Gyros were great!  $5.00 for a Gyro, can't beat that!  We will be back for sure!
Reviews were right on. This is one of the most out dated Hilton properties I've ever stayed at.
This place is great! The food is delicious and the atmosphere is pretty cool too. The only caveat is that the portions were a bit small and my mother asked for no onions and they still put them on her gyro. Still, even with those complaints, this place is an oasis in the desert.
Every plate is designed to feed one Ork or three humans. Remember this as you enjoy your Americanized joke of a Middle Eastern dish.
We went here for an escape from the heat- but unfortunately they barely had any A/C on and we only realized this after we had purchased the tickets.  I'd go to any other theatre if your goal is to have a nice cool break from the AZ Summer heat.
Good selection, little pricy. Good place for a special occasion. LOTS of children. Parking in back.
Banh Pho and Bun are both awesome. Love this place.
Office lunch. Very expensive but good.
The fry bread is always great here. The beans are soooo good! I would recommend trying the tamales too. They're big and flavorful. My little brother loved them.
Get fun.  Its right in the center of the pyramid.  The bartender is great at recommending drinks just perfect to help you party.  Next door is the party pit.  There are beautiful girls dancing and giving away marde grais beads.
Horrible food. Our chicken cheese steak sandwich was tasteless.. The added store bought potato chips were also a big let down. Ate half our food and went somewhere else for a real dinner.
what a turd dome, the elevators are scary, they dont have wifi and i had such high hopes
I was so excited to send flowers to a girlfriend of mine staying in Pittsburgh for a few months. I guess they arrived at her door in a plastic trash bag. Nobody thought to take them out of the bag before presenting them to a birthday girl!
Orgasm salad not good and way too expensive. All you can eat good. Sushi good especially frying Jason, lasagna and California.
Best Korean food in charlotte. Spicy seafood soup is a must!
I am sooo happy to have found them! I have eaten there probably once at week since I discovered them about a month ago. Everything I've tried has been delicious, freshly prepared and very, very good. It's in an old diner, so not fancy but it is neat and clean.
Horrible hotel, horrible customer service.  Dirty rooms and elevators that don't work. Don't get stuck in the elevator here - and if you do, the alarm won't work, the phone won't work and they don't care.    They like to argue with customers and EVERYTHING is not their fault.
I was drove past there this weekend, and then read yesterday on azcentral.com that they have closed their doors.  I had never dined there but the building & decor looks awesome, huge outdoor patio with a glass enclosed fireplace, guess it's just another sign of the struggling economy....
Calamri were very chewy.. sauces were good, but that's about it.
Don't get the BLT. If you want a BLT in the area, go to Cut Above Cafe down the street. This place is over priced for the quality of food you get. \n\nYou should be able to get a decent sandwich at a deli. This place honestly shouldn't even call themselves a deli.
Everything was delish! We split a ham & cheese croissant, and a veggie bacon quiche.. they both were amazing. And then we finished off with creme brulee and a couple macarons! Yum!
Nothing too special about the bottle shop other than the selection of fine waitresses and beer options which explains why the place was full of mostly guys.  Food is standard bar fare- nachos, fries, and wings.
After five visits, the service keeps getting worse. I thought I'd try take out to avoid that but even that person was just plain angry. I'm a server too, and I LOVE my job and use my hour with people to make others days better... Maybe try that?
It's nice to have a family dinner but no kid menu makes it difficult. Aside from the extra expense the place is cool very 50's diner retro like. Food was good, traditional Vietnamese style. Very laid back and casual. Delicious spring rolls.
Can't go wrong with this place, I have been eating at In-N-Out since I lived in Cali. 16 years ago. and this is still my Favorite burger Joint.also make sure you get your burger  \"Animal style\"
Why why why. Does it take 25 minutes to go get and cut in half 400ft of barstock and im the only customer.\nUgh
Not impressed. Been there over 8 times the last 2 months. Cold, Burnt, Rock hard orange chicken. Rice all clumped together and tasted frozen. So not a fan of this Panda. There are other ones farther away that I would rather drive too and get better food. I love Panda - just not this location.
Love their coffee!! This is the best local coffee in Queen Creek! I have really enjoyed every cup I've had! I love that they are inside the Olive Mill as we like to grab breakfast there as well!
We ordered hot Potatoe twisters and they came cold. We ordered a bowl of soup and it was small. We ordered a strawberry mojito without simple syrup and it came with simple syrup. They replaced the hot chips with at least warm chips. We are still waiting on the sliders.
Omg the burgers are to die for.  The grind is one of my favorites places to grab a good burger and beer would highly recommend if you have not tired.
I give this place one star because unlike J. Crew Factory online, they DO NOT sell boys and girls clothes, only men and women. Also, the employees here are just a little snooty.
awesome portions of beef, i ordered the french dip and literally was sick of Arby's, this place rocks, i'll have to try the Chicago style dog next!
Pretty good, I like the lemongrass soup and the Bangkok burrito. But don't bother paying extra for a protein, they're so stingy with meat it might as well not even be in there.
The frozen hot chocolate is a real hype. We also ordered the chocolate french toast. That one was really good for breakfast. \n\nQuantity is really big here. Little pricey. \n\nTip: Go early for breakfast and you dont have to really wait in a line.
They were shutdown due to too many health inspection demerits :(\n\nhttp://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/dirty-dining/Dirty-Dining-Happys-Pizza-265623751.html?lc=Smart
Have been here for dinner once in the past week. Service was attentive, and the food good. Margarita was ok. Will most likely visit again.
Sometimes you just want a big slice of pizza and sometimes it can't be kept a secret.
If they're open at 11, the bartender and a security officer are unaware. Just standing here looking stupid. \n\nWent to viva salsa instead. Then home. Not gonna gamble here if they don't know when they are open.
While it's nice to see a grocery store like this it is not for it to be overpriced and having it offering baguettes aged to be as hard as broom stick.
Very poor customer service ..... The staff is too concerned about selling you a tux and have no ability to listen to the customer.....very disappointed... Asked about rental tux and the sales person sales was completely inept.....
Great food and great staff.  Very friendly and a great atmosphere.  Go there everytime I'm in the area!!..
Bread is great but not enough meat on the subs. Buts it's also owned by different people then the one near uptown Charlotte.
D\u00e9licieux menu de saison. Apportez votre boisson. Un peu bruyant si vous cherchez une ambiance romantique. Sinon, pas de souci.
Went there for just drinks, seemed nice a casual.. I think from the other reviews I'd go back to try the food ??
good breakfast.
So nice to have a sprouts nearby now. Great selection of produce and meats. Can't beat the already prepared meals for price and convenience.
This is a hit or miss kind of place. I usually only come here if it's late at night or when I don't feel like getting out of the car. It's alright.
I get my nails and hair done here all the time. Whether i need my hair and nails done for a photoshoot or i just need a hair trim. This is the place to go! My hair stylest is Pam and Brooke does my nails and i hope they will stay there forever!
Everyone is very friendly, lots to choose from.
Poor Quality, rude employees, My recommendation, is the save up the extra funds and buy retail (if you have to have Coach.
The art of bread making is alive and well here! Excellence in everything they do! Can't say enough good things about their baked goods!
I like this place. If you're in the mood for Waffles, I encourage you to stop by.
Service - terrible; food - so-so; blonde waitress with a massive black eye - classy.
This is your place for stale pastries and coffee that includes the grinds floating around after you remove the top. The 220 calories coffee cake slice ended up being mostly tossed to the birds and my coffee was mistakenly spilled on the table to teach these guys a lesson. Stop serving crap. Never returning. First and last visit.
With all that hype about this restaurant, I was excited about going there. But hmm it was just... how can I put it? Meh! Didn't do it for me. I would rather go to Daphne's.
I don't see what all the hype is about. \nThere is nothing special about this restaurant, it is mediocre at best. The meat is dry and flavorless and dishes all taste the same and are unauthentic.  The service is also poor. The drinks however, are worth buying.
I gave this place a 3 star because the service and drinks are great. It's a great place to have a beer with friends  but the food is gross....
What an amazing night! Myself and my wife celebrated our 1 year anniversary here and what a great choice. My wife loves a new menu experience and Virtu has that plus amazing drinks. Great BandB and awesome ambience.
Good. Good Good. It's a landmark.
just found aromas last night, really good stuff all and all and helpful staff was great. the only reason i cant go 5 stars is because of the setting and the plate presentation. if they made it a little more comfortable and presented their dishes to be a little more pleasing to the eye i would go 5.
You get what you pay for.
You name it, you can get it here (within breakfast reason).\n\nThey have omelets, eggs to order, wraps, french toast, pancakes, an a la carte list a mile long and good coffee.  \n\nWe had to wait, but it was quick.
My new favorite thing! Love the pizza here sooooo much. You get to eat your pizza and not feel like a hog after!
Went back for happy hour, highly recommended.  You can try several different items to eat, get full, and not break the bank.  Also a quality selection of beers and good amount of outdoor seating with misters if it's not 120 degrees out.  I'll definitely be back.
Overpriced for what you get.
Short ribs were great. Cool atmosphere indoors & out.
Man this place is a dirty pit ran by ex-con's. the food is tasty but eat it at your own risk....
I very rarely find anything here that I like. I respect the local business built from the ground up...just not what I am ever looking for in clothing. Also, the  employees can be pretty rude and dismissive, even as they demand that you stand there while they look through your stuff. I prefer to do other things with my time.
Food was not good at all. Eggplant park tasted frozen. Only thing good about this place was the singer and the secret entrance.
Just an update, 2 weeks later, another all day wait for a no show service man, and still no dryer.
Not happy, got there at open to get a meatball sub, I hope I got yesterday's marinara sauce, I hope they would not serve that crap.  It was horrible.  If that's you standard change it, I wasted my money and will not be back.
Another Mexican place that makes Americanized Mexican food that reliance a on lots of cheese and salsa.  Nearly everything looks and tastes the same.  If you want American Mexican, flowing chips and salsa and sweet margaritas, there is always a crowd.
Markis is the best!!! He is an awesome stylist and a super nice guy to boot!
Meh.... Expected a lot from Bobby Flays restaurant and it failed very short of my expectations. I have been to Chef Morimoto's in Napa Valley and the food was fabulous there
Terrible, we've stayed at other MGM resorts and they were all better (regardless of price) than this one.
Any fast food place can be hit or miss.\nI love the Charbroiled Santa Fe Chicken sandwiches. But I know to ask for an extra chile. If I didn't, I'd get a tiny chile strip which would cover 3 bites. Gotta know how to work the system.
Quick table-service, even with the late night busy crowd.  Fantastic beer selection.  We had the pepperoni roll and soft pretzels.  Both great for sopping up the day's \"activities\".  A little loud, but deal-able.  Better offerings than typical bar choices.
17 minutes for a cold sandwich.  People who ordered after me got theirs first and no apology for it taking so long just left a bad taste in my mouth. The employee looked at me like it had not been almost 20 minutes for a to go sandwich
Great food at very reasonable prices. The staff is friendly and service is pretty fast.
Very pretty hotel/casino, nice to hang out here.
Coffee was ok, a bit weak. The atmosphere is positive.
Best bike shop in town, very knowledgeble staff, all around good people, trust me, stop wasting your time with these other shops that wont even remember your name.....Great experience I promise!!!!!
I love Vito's.  The thin-crust personal pizzas are SO good.  They have regular, wheat, or gluten-free crust and a large variety of delicious toppings.  The food perfectly compliments the atmosphere of the lovely, Italian grotto.
They only have like 10 crepes. Lame.
Ordered the oxtail soup.  Took a long time to get our order.  Oxtail was mostly fat.  Maybe I need to order something else next time.
This place sux for dry cleaning. They ruined my clothes & made me pay anyway & the db Korean mgr argued with me over paying $13 for work they screwed up.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS DUMP!
Really wanted to like this place. How cool is the concept? But the sauce just wasn't for us, way to sweet, very very way too sweet. That being said the wings were good salad was ok and the guys behind the counter were helpful and had good attitudes but I just don't see coming back.
I drove 5 hours to be at this place at 8 am when he says he opens Mon-Fri. I got here at 7:40. At 9 he still had not shown up and no answer on his phone. Totally unacceptable!\n\nDo not count on this guy!  Waste of time!
This place is bad! The masseuse do not listen. I have \"enhancements\" to my massage and they forget to do them! I complain and the managers don't care. They get you into a contract and they know you can't quit. I hate coming here.
Meh. If I have to choose between Chipotle and Qdoba, I would choose the former. Both places have ample seating area but when it comes to the taste, Chipotle is far more superior. Do yourself a favor and get something better.
They had a sight hint of old oil and were nothing but sugar overload. As far as looks go,  presentation was on point. They were incredibly cute. The staff was very friendly as well. Maybe I just came in on an off day. Can't say if I would try to test my luck again.
I been going to this Roberto since it opened. The quality and size keeps getting worse. It's right by my house. I actually drive to another one further away to get better and more Mexican food. New fan of Donny Tortas now
pros:\ninexpensive\nnot so far off from strip\nrooms are clean\nsome good coupons to use in casino\ncons:\nnon smoking rooms and elevators smell smoky\ntorn bedsheets
Worst McDonalds!!! they took 45 min for one burger BULLSHIT!!! someone needs fired!
This place was delicious!! Loved the staff & the options for health food & uniqueness!\n\nYou can watch your food being prepared & the wait is minimal for the amount of effort put into the food. I would recommend this place in a heart beat!
This place used to be really good for pizza and fingers they have gotton skimpy on the toppings and the fingers are small plus there prices went up! the fingers hardly had any sauce and they were the chunky fat ones not the big flat ones! they must have changed owners or something.
My wife and i both love this place. We wind up ordering way too much food because there are so many menu items we enjoy.
1 word fish and chips...ok that's 3 words. The service was awesome and the staff friendly.
Casual dining and excellent service.  Nice assorted menu.  A needed addition to the area.
So they put craisins in their guacamole, that doesn't justify the price.  If you are going here for a meal for two with drinks, appetizers, and dessert, It's going to be expensive and not worth it.
The place was clean both in the customer area as well as behind the counter.  The restaurant idea is novel similar to a Subway or Chipolte. I ordered two different doughnuts and was unimpressed. Most any other shop is just as good if not better and considerably cheaper.   At an approximate two dollars per doughnut I expected much more.
The breakfast was really good and so was the price. The waitresses was great. I plan on visiting here every morning I am here.
NASTYNESS! Never again, food was bland and COLD!!! Really? Over priced for cold flavorless food. YUCK!!!! Oh, and this palce was called Grace Buffet. New owners, new name, same crap food.
Really aweful place.  The food sucks and you can't win anything here.  Kinda run down too.  A better place is Main Street across the street.
The food was delicious and incredibly fresh. The Dan Dan noodles were legitimately spicy instead of just a politically-correct chili pepper warning. The prices are fair and the space is very clean and modern. The owner was very patient and helpful assisting us with our ordering. Want to go back already and try the Kung Pao!
This is a bar in the front butter nightclub in the back it is pretty cool and fun!! Ladies get in for free and drink for free till midnight so that is the spot check it out!!
As a strict vegetarian, normally if a place serves me a vegetarian meal with a hidden piece of beef in it I cut the place off forever. But chipotle is so good even I had to come back again. 5 stars for food deliciousness. 1 star for not avoiding cross contamination.
Food is good (not great) but the loudest music ever. Couldn't hear the waiter. I have been to this location several times because its close to the office. Do not like the experience inside the place. I think I'm done with this location
It's kind of divey but the buffalo wings are amazing, I recommend the good ol Irish experience
Great little autho-Mexico dive on Central Avenue.   Ordered a heaping pile of veggie fajitas.   OMG so much food.   Sizzling hot and yummy corn tortillas.   I'll be back with friends.
Really good burgers and the Oak Stout beer is really smooth and tasty. The outdoor seating was nice and the inside was really big, a little loud but a good atmosphere with cute waitresses...
Don't bother going here. I've been several times and it's always full of over priced junk. Dirty does not equal vintage.
Possibly the worst food I've had since moving to Arizona. No, I'm going to stay the worst food I've had in the last five years.
Hands down our favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas. Drinks are a hit or miss but their super burrito is the best burrito in Vegas.
Same Kyoto bowl, in fact it was a time warp going in.  I had not been to one in years, looks the same, but well worn.  Food is still good, but a bit pricey for what you get.
Well all I really have to say about this outlet versus the north one. Less high end shops but it's inside which is nice during the summer.
Been here couple times for breakfast ,good nothing special. If u want special have the pastrami excellant and baked goods We took home black forest cake, carrot cake and eclair great not dry at all surprising when u buy cakes by the slice.
Like this mall I go in there speaking english & come out speaking spanish they have everything from good food to Dillards....This is the hood & you can find anything in here
I got the most simplest breakfasts that one can order came out practically frozen everything was cold and old! At least service wasn't bad, So to fix it I got 20% off next time I come in! Ha! like that will ever happen!
meh, I've had better food in NY. I've had better Mario Battali in NY. I think you could find somewhere better (with better prices) in the Venetian or at another hotel on the strip. \n\nThe service was very good though, can I put 5 stars for them!?
Don't know why everyone gets so excited about this chain unless it's because it's so cheap!?  The patties are so thin they are practically non-existent!!
Managers mean to there employees. The service was really lacking so much so I really wanted to say something. Food was good and there was plenty of it. We made it there at the end of breakfast so we stayed a bit and tried some of there lunch stuff. The food here is worth checking out. The low rating is for there lack of service.
Delicious breakfast. I got the steak and eggs:  eggs Benedict atop steak with a delicious sauce. I was also impressed by the available Tabasco choices
I wasn't too impressed. The spicy chicken wasn't spicy (to my standard) and seemed kind bland. I may try something else next time and see if my opinion changes.
I ordered the shrimp and grits very attentive staff. My wife had the mahi mahi very tasty
Chipotle is the best! Get the burrito bowl, with lots of toppings. And if you like spicy, you can't live without the Smokey Chipotle Tabasco sause on top!
was good they had a special on medium pies so i went here because it was the closest staff was pretty cool i would go their again
I like the food, and especially that they do lettuce wraps of anything on the menu.  This particular store, tho, just as I was leaving, a worker on the phone right next to the rack of sandwich rolls was sneezing multiple times making no attempt whatsoever to contain his sneezes.\nGross.
Atomosphere was nice, menu selection was so-so.  Service at the bar was atrocious.  Girls spent more time strutting back and forth (nice, but not when you are waiting to order food) behind the bar.
The actual polish job was good, but the massage was awful. In fact, if I ever did go back, I'd decline the massage. I don't like having my shin massaged.
When buying gifts for friends and family or transitioning your house to a home, Rod Works always has what you need. Beyond the excellent quality of their home decor is their staff, customer service is everything and this locally owned store definitely knows the definition of service! My #1 go to for all things home and gifts!
Great sports bar.  New, but has the feel of a place that's been around for awhile.  The quesadilla is good, and the sunday drink specials are great!  Thanks Thunder Dan for opening one of your joints in our neighborhood!
I love Texas de Brazil! Make sure not to eat all day! The waiters come around with every cut of beef, chicken, pork, turkey but especially beef continuously ! It is all you can eat and at about $50.00 is well worth it. There is also a huge all you can eat salad bar! I highly recommend it!
Place was alright..food was good, service was good..couldn't get the hockey game on I wanted but I guess they are more for suns or d-bcks. I'd probably come back again..
Take a page out of a French 1800's guidebook and you've got living history. So beautifully maintained and such happy and pleasant locals. had a blast walking around especially to Jacques Cartier square where its simply happy. Floral pots and street artists. Ice Cream GALORE! Perfect way to spend the day
The ladies are so sweet.the first time I got my face done without being so red afterwards. I highly recommend this place to all my friends
I'd give it a 3.5 stars if i could.\nIt's a good buffet, but i don't really feel like i have to go back.
Sorry guys, but 3.5 hours spent waiting for food that was borderline mediocre simply isn't acceptable. I realize it was Christmas and you were obviously overwhelmed, but our first experience there did not leave a good impression at all. I simply hope we caught you on a bad night.
Seems like they closed up shop on Dec12' chairs were being put on tables at 5pm. Seems like the store is bad news for whoever rents it tho it's in a good spot. Best pizza for me is still Tonys in Ballantyne.
This place is so wonderful!  The staff is really friendly and the food is amazing!  My husband, son and I went in and came back a couple weeks later without my son and the lady asked us how our son is!  Amazing!
I ordered for delivery through Mr. Delivery and once I received, there was no silverware or napkins from the restaurant. I ordered chicken briyani n there was very less meat. The box was stuffed with rice.
This place is simply okay.  It's usually busy, especially for breakfast on the weekends, but I believe that is because there is a lack of options in town.  Nothing here is awful, but it's just not that good either.  Meh.
Just wanted a hot cup of green tea and watch the rain.  Nice little quite area away from the chaos of the mall.  We got seats overlooking the strip.
It's pretty basic Thai. Nothing crazy or unique. I think that PITTS is lacking in the Thai department. Got the pad-see-ew. Not bad. If you're hungry and wanting Thai you will be satisfied, just not impressed.
Awesome place! Called in and told them we would be heading over and we were running late and they held the restaurant open for us until we got there. Truly nice people and great management. I seriously recommend you go. Love their appetizers!
Took the kids to see Hannah Montana in 3D. Theater was great especially the orange restrooms. Tickets are expensive everywhere,\nand the cost of everything is going up. So get use to it or wait till they come out on video or cable.
Good food, bad service. It's very hard for me to return to places with bad service. There are plenty of other sushi places I can go and not wait 47 minutes to get the check and/or a water refill. Probably won't be returning.
If you are going to trust your mind, brain, inner-most thoughts, inner child and future outcome to anyone, Serena is your gal.  In my personal experience, she is trust-worthy and ethical, truly cares about you and is great at what she does.  Looking forward to my next session.  Thanks Serena!
service was horrible. Asked for a glass to 3 different ppl before i got a dirty one
It's a CVS, very convenient to the Hard Rock and other hotels in the vicinity, and has lots of stuff. They always greet you when you walk in and I like this particular CVS. They also have self check out machines which makes getting in and out a breeze.
We have taken Birth Basics and Breathing at Scottsdale Shea. The instructor Janice really makes the class enjoyable. She is full of knowledge from being a labor and delivery nurse. Would recommend anyone going to deliver at Scottsdale Shea to take this class.
Worst chicken strips ever ! I saw the commercial that they have organically raised chicken but their chickens tastes like power and not fresh at all. Horrible !
Nice selections, friendly wait times have gotten way better as they hired more reps. Awesome sauce
Unfortunately, my favorite neighborhood Outback has closed.  This video is quite fitting, I believe:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjT9LDZ_D60
Love the sweet potato skillet!!! So creative & delish I always get mine with egg whites!!!
I just got the house coffee, and it was mighty tasty. I loved the calm and friendly atmosphere. I wish I could have hung out longer. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
Zero stars!! By far worst hotel, service, and most disgusting place I've ever been too! This place is awful and the customer service is twenty times worse!! Never ever will I return!!
02.06.10\n\nIs this where all the cool college kids hang out with their shades and their laptops to people-watch?\n\nIf not, it should be.\n\nIced coffee gets the job done.\n\nThe restroom stocks fancy products!
A smaller buffet off-strip. Good place to come for cheap, typical american food. Not great, not bad. The restaurant is clean and the service is very good. Nothing spectacular to report.
I came here for the forth of July weekend on a Sunday and there was no line. I came towards the promoter/bouncer to ask him what was the cover. and he just walked away. I called him and he kept walking. I don't know if he was racist or just had a bad attitude. What a horrible place!
This is or was a great breakfast place.  Large portions and great food.  However, it has moved as of 4-24 and there was no forwarding adress in window.  Anyone know where it went?
I have used this dry cleaner regularly, mostly for my button up shirts. I have experienced fast turn around time at a bargain and have never had an issue.
Amazing Burgers! Don't forget to, order the nice finger foods before the meal!
Had my first pastry of the trip today and the almond brioche didn't disappoint.  Likewise with my mocha.   Lunch will be a wonderful pannini sandwich.
Do not go to this place. Poor service and wait is way too lOng!  Wash was mediocre at bEst!
Went here 2 times, once with a group and again at the whim of my mother and both times I was not very impressed. Sushi was americanized and not that good  and was rather high priced for as unimpressive as it was.
Usually go to sports clips but got tired of their high prices... Went here for the first time and immediately after signing up, I was next. The haircut was professional and quick. Excellent service for a $12 haircut!
Cleanly place. Was satisfied with the bowl of Pho I got.
Good service!
Love this Starbucks. The employees are always friendly and get your drinks promptly. Because it is in a Safeway, they may not have everything a standalone would have but that's okay.
Expensive and pizza sucks!
1. Poor Server\n2. charged for extra items\n3. server delivered wrong bill\n4. side order hot wings, cup soup and a small margareta 30.00\nToo expensive for what you get!  I'd rather go to Tropical Breeze!
It was good to come here for a quick drink and app during happy hour. \n\nWe ordered the blue crab cakes and the chicken lettuce wraps. Both were good and actually pretty large. I would defiantly order both again
Not too impressed with the food they didn't even have AC in there. Like how are you not going to have AC living in Az and eating Pho.
Chicken and waffles. Go Hungry. Go NOW!!!
Have been getting pizza here since they first opened and loved it.  But the last few times the pizza has been horrible!  They uses to put lots of ingredients on but have started to skimp on them and the flavor/taste just not as good.  We have stop getting their pizza.
The friendliest service and the best and freshest tasting sub sandwhiches I ever had. This place is better than Subway. I will continue to come every time I'm in town. Thank you so much!!!
I've been three times and plan on going again. Simply put, it's a nice place to go and have some good food.
Well worth the price of the ticket! The show is engaging from start to finish. My picky husband even loved the show.
Prime Rib was way overcooked, server was especially rude and management was not much nicer.  Never going back to eat there.
Excellent as always.
Meh.  Frozen tomatoes, poorly shucked oysters and stale bread, that's really all I have to say.  Service was good tho.
Worst service ever on a slow night. I'm in here now and the old bartenders are too busy staring down the cocktails tops that it took 20 min just to get service. Maybe if they focused on their jobs and not the girls drinks would get made faster.
Absolutely love this joint!  The atmosphere is legit and the food was just as good.  The staff was incredibly awesome and they played good tunes all night long.  I would highly recommend this for a younger crowd scene and would definitely come back here during my stay in Edinburgh.  I'd give it 6 stars if possible, great place!
Sorry Janice I went to Supercuts instead of to your place and I got a bad haircut. I think you spoiled me Janice. I admit they did not have much to work with but I am uglier than normal now.
Poor service! My grilled chicken was over cooked and the beef brisket was so so! Definitely disappointed in this place after all I had heard about it, but I did notice we werent the only ones receiving poor & slow service.
I wish I could give them 0 stars, but 1 is as low as you can rate them on yelp. The most incompetent pharmacy staff I have ever seen. I transferred all of my scripts to the Walgreens on Ft Apache & Sahara.
This place is great-only thing was we couldn't get a table in the outside patio!! It was a Friday night though-still had a great time. Get there early on weekends to get a good seat. Great local and non-local spot. excellent beer choices. don't plan on eating.
I have to be honest their popusas were good , but sadly I got a hair in my salad :(... Well I guess it happens
I lost my front tooth. I called them late in the day. A staff of four waited for me to arrive and assess the situation, namely my face. They had never seen me before. Not only did they replace my tooth, quickly, but it is one hundred percent better than before. They are my hero's .
Wonderful. Can only hope that others appreciate this as much as I do and that it's a huge success.
it's like www.thedirty.com in real life. \n\nwas fun a while ago, now I prefer Wet Republic or Tao Beach.
Not going back! Had to send steak back twice for being way overlooked and then raw. They gave my daughter the wrong (burnt) entree and the rice had raw veggies in it. Also the service was very slow. Had better experiences at the Fatz in Lincolnton!
This is the most expensive goodwill I have ever been to. Prices are double that of other Goodwills.
Worst food terrible service and was forced to listen to the worst music ever created by a live singer hired to torture our ears\nI could not wait to get out of here.\n\nIf there were negative stars for this review\nIt would be warranted
Jesse is definitely a master of his craft.  You must try the hot stone massage!  Amazing :)))
Good BBQ pizza and the beer sampler. prefect meal.
ugh.  this place has been open for yearrrrrrrsssss...and it looks it!  Dirty & dingy...in bad need of a remodel.  nothing like their new location in Centennial Hills.  Seriously, this place looks gross and the staff is slow.  Horribly slow.
Awesome subs, cheap, fast, and open till 4am? Yes please. Jimmy Johns is my favorite sub place in the valley. I'm really happy the are opening so many of them here. Any when your really hungry, the gargantuan is sure to satisfy!
Love the location of this Cosco, really clean, nice store, Overall really good experience here compared to mine in Ohio, \n\nDownside, the lines are usually pretty long, especially when picking up contacts. They must have a busy optical department. \n\nWorkers are extremely friendly though!
Wow, a friend of mine and I walked in this store after seeing all the cute stuff and then walked right out again when we saw the prices.  If you are a skinny, rich, fashionista then you might like this place.  But it is not for me.
Big city dining in small town -- intimate atmosphere with a chef who clearly cares about taste and presentation. The dishes all had fresh, seasonal ingredients that really made the food stand out from other restaurants. The waitress was attentive and knew the menu well. Highly recommend if you are dining outside of Charlotte.
I went to Copper for the first time last and I absolutely loved it. It has the sweetest patio that would be a great backdrop for date night. However, I was there with a girlfriend. I enjoyed a few glasses of Malbec and girl talk but I will definitely be back.
Great service and food. Cheap too. Motif is early reggae stoner basement.
Nice to see that Panera is the same here in Madison WI. Good quality food, very nice employees. This is a fairly busy location but they move people through rather quickly.
For $16 per plate, I expect real mashed potatoes. This place used instant mashed potatoes, canned mushrooms, and ham labeled as \"pork belly\". I was really excited to eat here because of all the good reviews but I was very disappointed in my $50 lunch for 2.
The 3 course combo is a great deal!!! Cheap filling and downtown. You even get chocolate chip cookies. Sundae bar is still in a BATHTUB- \nbring a party- there's room for it and no one here.. people forget about it.
Food is reasonable, but we go for the environment. Love that we can watch the Olympics while eating wings. Service was a bit too slow.  We opted for an early family Valentine's Day dinner (Thursday instead of Friday), but we ended up being out way too late with kids because of the slow service.
I used to go here for every hair cut but then one day after a particularly long wait, the berbers friend comes in and ask me if he can take him 1st. So, I get up and leave never to return.
the only thing keeping me from raging on the employees right now is the insert of bread they  give you with your sandwich. enjoy over paying for a worse version of jimmy johns. dont come here.
Our favorite Friday nite burger joint!
It's not what it use to be. :/
New Mexico style food.  Tasty and big portions.  A beautiful patio area out back.
Lunch buffet was fabulous! A good number and variety of dishes to choose from. Friendly and attentive staff as well. Must try if you like Indian.
Found  hair in my food.  BLECH!!  Never ever again!
I have visited this place several times. They have great happy hour prices and their regular menu prices are very reasonable too. Their entrees are big enough to share, my favorite is their fish tacos. They tend to get pretty busy on Friday nights, so there is sometimes a bit of a wait. Overall, thumbs up!
cheesecake factory's another name!  I dragged my bf to come here w me because this place had over thousand reviews.  hahahhaha  it was pretty good in terms of price, taste, and convenience(located in the Venetian hotel).  also huge portion!  you def. need a box for your left over food.
Will never come to this place again. Don't even bother doing punch cards because the old lady will find an excuse to say is not valid.
It's come up a star because the last few times I ate here I pre-ordered on short notice and it was ready when I walked in and was consistent. It was not busy when I placed these orders. I think things operate well when they are not overwhelmed.
Great flavor, more than fair pricing. Made to order tacos for a $1. Small dining area, better for takeout or lunch, not a date place. Closed on Mondays I believe. Owner almost always on site, good service.
The food is always great.  The owners are so kind and caring.  This is one of our favorite spots.
Food is really good. It does get crowded on the weekends. I especially love the little farm stand outside of the coffee house on Saturday. Try the oro blanco grapefruit from said stand.
Loco Lime is a favorite, especially with my kids. Kids eat free on Wednesday, and we always ask to sit in Nela's section. She's fantastic and attentive. Try the carnitas tostada (complete with sliced avocado and boiled egg). Good, affordable, convenient food.
Bad ass cocktail lounge! With legit classic cocktails! Great food & great drinks! Try the le peche! My fav! Fell in love:) \nBeautiful room beautiful people! Got to check it out.
I have eaten here a few times how ever tonight was not the best. I ordered a bean burrito and the beans tasted spoiled sour.
My gel manicure chipped after 4 days..... Not happy!
I love this place. I stay near Belmont just so I can run at the whitewater center and eat at the string bean. Kudos to the place and their staff. Great veg choices and premium microbrews, even some from my home state of Oregon.
We got a calendar from Half Moon on Super Bowl Sunday and have gone in many times since then.  There are free items when you buy the calendar every month.  Happy hour and reverse happy hours are great with $3 draft beers and half off wings and other apps. My husband is a huge fan of the wings!
big platters of tasteless food.
Best Truffle mac n cheese in Vegas!
I came here and had a tasty salad and an amazing 'natural high' smoothie. was pretty cheap and the man who served me was extremely friendly!
Karla was our server today, she was right on time w/ her greeting us and was very nice! She was of course wearing green on st. Pattys day and suggested something new which most servers do not.. I tried eggs Benny! Loved it. Thank you Karla, see ya soon
It's more like 3.5 stars.\nThe food and service were both good.  The selection of food was limited but the available items we thought were interesting.
Really could go 3 1/2 but the fact that they are priced great and have chow fun in different variations has made me a fan.  Plus they deliver.
Just checked in and wow is it beautiful!
Great ambience, especially on the patio, great waitress who has very attentive and nice. My girlfriend and I both had the salmon and it was damn good. Tons of flavors dancing around, from sweet to spicy (but not too spicy).  All around, a really great experience.
Had our shower and tub removed and a new walk in shower installed in May.  The new shower is just beautiful!  The employees were professional,  knowledgeable, and friendly.  Would recommend them highly.
This is one of our favorite places to go as a family.  The food and atmosphere are great.
Good burgers and salad. Amazing fries. Great healthy choices on menu. I usually get the cog salad. Service is kind of slow though.
Just tried to go there this morning.  Looks like it's closed... Permanently.\n\nUpdate I reached out to them and they have a new address. \n\n\"We have moved over to our other location just a half mile down the street! 945 e scenic drive.\"
Waited 45 minutes after entering the room. Very rude in how they push their shots and lecture you. Choose a different place that is cleaner for your kids.
It would be nice if the business hours were included on this info. Maybe I'm just not seeing it. I like their eggs benedict. Pretty decent than most places.
I am giving this place a 1 star because the service is very bad.  The waitress took 15 mins to bring our drink orders.  Overall the service was just plain bad.  Food was decent. I would not come back here based on service
I will eat at this Chipotle any day of the week. The service wad awesome. We came in late last night and they made us fresh steak and chicken and they were happy to serve us. Not like the one in downtown Phoenix
This is one of only a few restaurants my wife and I go to when we're in town from Tucson.  The food is outstanding and the staff is awesome...and we buy our favorite bottle of Washington wine next door to compliment the meal.  Highly recommend this rare find.
Stopped by this location to look for some Golf gear and left disappointed.  There isn't a Golf section here!  At the location in Vegas where I shop frequently, there's a large Golf section with plenty of options....not here.  Too bad.\n\nReturn Factor - 2%
Service and liquor selection = not worth a return trip. Too many great bars in Vegas with same drink prices to bother going back.
A bitchin' place.  \"Me love you long time....O.B.O.\"  LMAO.  Visit Dick's and you'll understand what I mean.
Great wings yummy flavor interesting menu cool service a little bit if an odd location but niffty :)
OMG bomb ass pizza, watch the guy hand toss a gigantic pizza dough.. \n\nlove it!!!
Love the food here! The portion is not big but always enough for me. I always like to order their today's special :), never disappointed!
Great food.  House made preserves are amazing.  Love being able to get bone-in pork with breakfast.  Sausage and potatoes well done.  Only complaint was watery, listless poached eggs.
The steak (bone in ribeye) was fabulous but the sides were only OK. The service was poor and that is unacceptable in this price range. The wine list was good but the prices were astronomical, $23 for a glass of Malbec. I cannot recommend Carnevino.
The food probably is the same processed crap as other IHOP's.  I can't verify this because no one came to our table 15 minutes after getting our drinks, so we walked out.
Food is good but service is horrible\n Called in our order still waited 35 mins.  My entire lunch break was wasted waiting. All of the dine in orders that came in after us were served first.
The food is so so: you just do it b/c it's vegas baby and you gotta try a buffet.\n\nWaited in a huge line though it moved pretty quickly. Yes the gelato is good but that's about it!
decent but not extraordinary Hong Kong noodle house cuisine, but WAY overpriced ($7 for a pot of hot tea? An outrage!) Staff was attentive and professional.
pizza is one thing they could make..the only thing.
I loveeeee all of their food, because of the fresh menu.  Portions could be a bit bigger at times and it can be a bit expensive, but I still enjoy it every time.
I still think that it is amongst the very best for regular dishes.  I haven't had dim sum here in a long time but it is extremely popular.
Overpriced but pretty decent. Mazerattis parked out front when I was there... you can see where this is going.
Expensive, small portions, mediocre food. Go somewhere else!
Went every morning in Vegas. First time was five stars. Great food, service, good use of sage. 2nd we had a horrible server that got my bloody mary order wrong twice and gave us attitude. We tried their specialty, wasn't great. That was 3 stars. TRY THE JAM!
I enjoy the convenience of a 24 hour pho place. Service is always okay but the food has never disappointed me.
Pizza came with crust in the middle and cheese and toppings in the corner of the box.
Great old-school donut shop with delicious donuts.  The even still tie up the boxes.
I love little places that you randomly see and Check out. Very descent food! I had slice of pizza and pasta! Very good service. It is tiny!! But great service!
Rundown rattrap. Low price was the main attraction. Place was noisy, and needs complete renovation. Manager was sarcastic, toward any complaints. Have stayed at other Red Roofs; nothing like this one. Moved to La Quinta next morning.
This is a great restaurant. We had an anti pasta salad, calamari, and four different entrees. All expertly prepared. Great service.
The yogurt is good, but the topping choices were a little stale. Still, it was a good price and it was clean and neat.
Some of the worst breakfast combined with poor service has made me avoid this place for the rest of my life.
Great menu and atmosphere. Service wasn't the best, but the manager handled the situation very well and professionally. Unfortunately I found a dead fly tucked into the paper on my wrap. We may have had a fluke bad experience, but I won't be rushing back anytime soon.
This is fuel, not food. Large portions of Denny's style food. Service, OK. Food, OK. Should have been three stars, but for the long wait in line.
I was just there last Friday; heard they are under new ownership. Great tapas, decent wine. Just need to add one more waitress and bartender to the Friday night staff. \n\nOh, great music, too.
I don't know what it is about this McDonald's. It's like kids run the joint. Not that they aren't friendly, but too many of them just aren't professional, and seem to think the customers are part of their entertainment. This job is basically an extension to their social life.  It's a problem.
Great food when your out and looking for something other than McDonald's , Burger King, Bojengos etc.....
Cheap, crappy clothes wear once don't wash and throw away. Better off shopping at the dollar store.
Pin up pizza had great portion sizes for the price they asked for, but the pizza was just another interpretation of a cliche dish. Pin up pizza didn't have anything that would make you say \"this is from pin up pizza.\" Just another quick spot to hit up on the strip when you want a quick bite.
Been with AAA for almost two decades and I'm very satisfied with them! Jennifer our agent is awesome! She makes sure that we're taken care of! Thanks
I liked this place. Unfortunately it is closed now.
Excellent tacos!  Must try the tacos of Pibil!  Very friendly service!  Not your ordinary taco stand... Modern day taco bar!!
Terrible! Service is bad, they forget to bring some of your stuff even when there's only 5 active tables. Waitresses seem out of it as if they were high and take an eternity to complete seemingly simple tasks. As for the food, it's mediocre to say the least. Not worth the price you pay..
Freaking out a little. Just got finished eating there. Hairs in the food and I saw a cockroach crawl across the kitchen floor. At least if I get sick tonight I will know why!
Jason and Team did a great job of managing our mortgage loan modification and assisted my wife and I in getting better terms with our lender. Terms that will likely make our long term situation better. His team utilized their existing relationships with my lender to speed up an otherwise bureaucratic process to make the process easier and with a result.
We went to ShinBay for dinner last night after reading the reviews on Yelp. We were not disappointed! The food and service were excellent.  We will return.
Very cute little ice cream shop.  Well, its not really ice cream.  It's flavored ice I think.  I tried the mint oreo.  It was light and tasty.
Food was elegantly presented. Ridiculously expensive... even for Vegas!
Whitney's my gal! Sit at the island, plug in your phone and have some yummy braised pork tacos and a cocktail while you wait for you flight!
So glad I went to him my immigration process! Very professional and easy to work with. They helped my daughter and her husband in his immigration process and they were so happy with the results! If he helped my daughter I knew it would be the same for me and IT WAS! couldn't be any more happy!
i went on a groupon double date to this restaurant and was kinda eh about it since i love me some meat. the crunchy scallop was delicious and so was the house crunchy noodles. although the pepper steak was an interesting texture, it was very flavorful. ill definitely be back for a healthy date night dinner!
I hit this place up as they are supposed to have a big selection of glassware and hookahs. They did, I was super impressed with the volume of stuff they had crammed into this place. Prices were reasonable and overall a good place to get hookahs and glassware!
This is a good store to shop for the ever growing kids! I also donate clothing here.
Not very good Chinese food here. It reminded me of a cheap college place. They give you plenty of food but it is low quality. Could have probably went to another place and paid half the price for the same meal.
The food was good, the service was good, there wasn't anything spectacular about the interior. Just your classic diner, which is totally fine.
5/3/2014 midnight......\nsaw them loading all equipment into a truck.\n\n\nclosed!!\n\nout of business\n\nthey should have had cod
Didn't think it was as good as other reviewers.  Thought my Ribs had a rubbery texture.  Would have given it a 1 star but the others I was with thought it was So So, so I'll give this place a 2 but that may be a stretch.
Had breakfast there today. The pros were the service and the view. It was cool watching the planes and helicopters taking off and landing. The servers were also very helpful and friendly. The food was average. Something like I would expect from a chain breakfast joint. Probably won't be back.
A return trip, based on the memory of the last time here, was a bit of a disappointment.  Food didn't seem as good and the service a little slower but the kicker was a, shall we say, less than clean water glass.   Made me wonder about the rest of the place and whether this is why the lights are kept low.
Tyler was extremely helpful in picking out my new vaping kit.  Tons of flavors of juice for you to try before you buy.  Be ready to sit & sample for awhile!\nWe will definitely be back.
Perfect place to chill. If you're looking for an extraordinary beer this place will rock your world. The live bands are a plus.
Limited table space.\nNo wifi.\nSlow service.\nAll that for a venti bold. Can do.
Large healthy portions at a moderate price. The Kobe burger was over done from what we ordered. and did not taste like  Kobe. The jumbo shrimp were truly jumbo and tasted great. The onion rings were fantastic.\nFast friendly service. Clean establishment.
In town from San Francisco for work and find this place on yelp. Food was awesome and service was fantastic! :-)
Great yogurt, a little pricey but still good. Nice choices of toppings and yogurts. My wife and I liked it a lot. They also had tapioca balls too = )
Best Sushi I've had in AZ hands down.
I don't understand why the bar/snack register does not have the candy readily available or on display. The bartender had to leave her station to walk halfway across the theater to get our order making us late for the movie. Then it was quite warm inside the theater, enough to make me uncomfortable throughout the movie.
The food was great, but for the sparce seating, the service was lacking a bit.  It seems the rest on their reputation, rather than catering to each guest's needs.  The music was WAY too loud for dinner conversation.
Still consistently really good. Food is the star and ambience is great
A wide selection of snacks, food, drinks, and seafood, all at good prices.
The Office Max in South Scottsdale get's the job done. They have a good selection of office products.
Great steak, good crab cake, excellent kobe beef carpaccio, chocolate souffle was delish.  next time I'll bring my own wine to save some $$.  will definitely be back!
Still loving the food!  The crispy shrimp taco's are my fav.  The shrimp are huge, the 2 tacos fill you up.  I tried the Parm cheesr fries, awesome!  This place has great food, only wish they had a full bar, a margarita would set me over the top!!!
Update: Don't get the chicken pot pie... no flavor under that crust! Disappointed...
Went to a party here on Halloween. Theater is midsize. Has a bar and a small stage. Party I went to had a DJ. Sound system is good. It's hard to judge the place because it really depends on the event but we had a great time :) So glad someone offers 18+ fun out in Vegas :)
Usually 15-25 minutes late, always have to plan for that if you call them and need to be somewhere at a specific time.
Love this place! Great service, great people & great prices!! The owners are awesome & the place is very clean! Will be back a lot!
Very good egg rolls as stated! However, I ordered the V6. Vermicelli with Grilled Shrimp/egg roll. (It only has 3 slightly over cooked small grilled shrimp. It was still good food, but next time I will try a chicken dish.  I had also had very good service!
Hidden gem between a Subway and RadioShack in a local shopping center. Beef bourguinon...awesome. Duck confit...awesome. Great sandwiches too. Save room for dessert too. Multiple desserts! Merci also serves a great kids meal, the best grilled cheese your child will ever eat!
The prices are about 2 bucks more than their website.  Their sauce had a lot of sugar, not unlike ChefBoyArDee. The bread seemed like it included cornmeal, not tasty.  The service was just okay.
Gorgeous place with awesome DJ's. But that is all. Crowded. Expensive to get in and then there is no place to sit. Drinks are expensive. Unless you are doing bottle service you are pushed around like a herded animal. Really disappointed. Dance floor is tiny.
Great food, with massive portions.  Fair prices.
Chorizo, peppers, black beans and eggs? Yes!!! You can't go wrong choosing The Good Egg for breakfast in PHX. After returning to the area for the first time in 5 years, The Good Egg was the second restaurant I visited...love it.
Great menu selections and nice setting.  Waiters were very attentative and friendly.  However the food was too salty to our taste.  The only thing we liked is the vegetarian spring rolls.
Food: AMAZING and it makes up for the horrible service. \n\nCons: the service is horrible. The girls are so incredibly b*tchy it's ridiculous. If you hate your job, get another one. \n\nSad. This place could be amazing.
The owner waited on us and was very friendly and accommodating.  Food was fresh and good but not the pho.  It was powdered chicken broth.  I would go back for the make your own rice paper rolls with the pork sausage.
Disappointing flavorles & soupy pad tha with an off tasting filet of chicken sliced into.\nI should have complained to the management to get a free meal comp for another Mandalay Bay  I think this was the worst pad that ever, boxed is better!
cheesy hash browns!!!
i waited 2 hours in line  yes excellent like every one say pan roast combo the bomb chef and waiter excellent  long wait  but worth it
Maam Waiter took a break while our food got cold. Maybe it was a sign when the \"Macho Nacho\" was unavailable. The spaghetti and meatballs came out like tomato broth with noodles.
A buffet can't get worse than this. The only comment I have is: don't go here, especially for lunch.
Only really worth it if you get the unlimited pass as each ride is only a few seconds long. But then you shouldn't do the rides multiple times - I'm not even 30 and I developed herniated discs after doing them.
Enormous burger... but mostly importantly, tasty.  The tiny shoestring fries were pretty solid too.
This place used to be Padres. Padres had great food and great service. We waited over 20 minutes for anyone to come to our table. Never made it to the food. We left starving. I miss Padres! :(
Great food, very cheap and only five minutes in a cab from the wynn casino. It is great for lunch and to get away from the fast food chains and expensive restraunts on the strip, would definitely recomend.
Stumbled upon this place while shopping at Greenland... Wow, great tasting Vanilla Iced Coffee!
Food is average, but if you enjoy eating at a place that treats you like they're doing you a favor by letting you eat there, this is the place for you.
Usually good and friendly service, expensive (airport priced) beer and drinks (not the servers fault!).  Better than sitting at the gate.  Will visit again, I'm sure.\n\nHave not eaten here.
Fantastic and truly authentic Mexican place right of State St. Eat here and be very happy.
Twice in the last 4 trips to JJs we got home and the sub didn't have the toppings we asked for. Second time it happened we called to complain and they insisted it was our fault. They told us we could drive it back and they would give us a new one. No thanks, won't ever be driving back there.
worse than the Super 8 on Chandler.  That tv is a big box tv.
Dope! Went in for a detail and discovered a chip on my windshield. Told me they could do it quick and they did! Plus, Katie was super sweet and definitely will be back for anything I need from these guys. Woot!
If you want a dog and are in the area, this is a pretty good call. Having said that, it is probably not worth a special trip. You can find a better hot dog or brat at a ballpark or in the supermarket.
Amazing carpet cleaning. Very affordable, efficient and friendly. Would highly recommend for anyone looking to give a new lease of life to their carpet. I will be using their services again!! :)
Would not recommend this resort. Service is awful.
good waitress, but the food was definitely average.....and very limited sides with meal....on the other hand , very reasonable prices, and very nice attractive casino.
Horrible water and average food. Chinese owned. They don't speak Thai as we found out the hard way when we spoke a little to them.\n\nSeriously though, just the fact a restaurant would serve their patrons drinking water that literally tastes like dirty dishwater should be the tipoff.
Went by there yesterday and all the furniture and equipment were gone. Looks like they closed. Sad.
I agree this place has a great vibe and concept but it is a mess worst service ever such a shame!
$5.99 lunch specials. Cheap. Second time eating here. I got the same Penne pasta again but this time it was too seasoned.
The worst customer service by management I ever experienced. After admitting that the staff  gave the wrong information pertaining to the usage of A Living Social certificate, the supervisor refused to redeem it for our meal. Food was definitely not worthy of anything but a coupon,
Ugh. Ate here because some coworkers said, \"You HAVE to try the bobo chicken!\". More like doodoo chicken. What the f$!% did I just eat?!
A bit seedy but the drinks are cheap and I won $40.00 bucks!!
For the price, an overall great experience. Definetely recommend. I got a chefs special sirloin with 2 lobste4 tsils for 24.99.
I ate here a week ago and I have thought about the Nam Kao Tod every single day since dining here. Take me back.
They gave us a small table for 5 people. How do you expect us to have a dinner if you can't even fit all the food on the table! Zzz excellent food. Almost everything we got was good and well cooked and seasoned . I usually don't like Thai food but it satisfied me.
Great food! Excellent place to eat out near campus. Could do better with reservations. They have missed mine twice.
Worst car auto repair place, got AC problem don't go here. I was charged 1280 for AC to be fix and is worst now then i first gave it to them. I return it three times, and still doesn't work point out other problems BS cover up! BBB report is next!!
I used this place 4 times on our stay.  They are friendly, helpful.  I saved 50% on most tickets.  I would most definetly use them when in Vegas
Super convenient location!  Great selection of adult beverages!
An ok bookstore, so-called cafe.  I just ordered a vomit inducing bbq chicken pizza.  After one bite I gave it back...molten strange cheese, soft spongy crust, weird smell.  They just took it and said sorry.  Yeah, me too.
Mystery Theater was cute and funny. Food was aweful and very bland.
Quick service but not full Starbucks products available. They had a limited number of drinks - I guess thats ok, as they were located inside the convention center.\n\nLong lines all the time -the best time to go was early morning  a little after they opened when there wasn't too much of a wait.
The one time I came here for myself, my Arizona Brown spider bite was diagnosed as a staff infection. Either way I would have gotten antibiotics, but the misdiagnosis turned me off from this hospitals expertise, especially after a friend who is an army medic and an EMS team diagnosed it right.
The 2 stars are for the decor only.  The food was not good! We will stick with Gadzooks across the street!
Terrible parking! Office staff lacks customer service skills.
Lame. Mekong Supermarket is waaaaaaay better. Better stocked, better variety. The only thing Super L has that Mekong doesn't have is an in-house bakery and cafeteria. But you can find those (a better bakery AND a food court) within Mekong Plaza.
Stacey is the best! She really knows her business and is very friendly. Made me feel very comfortable and is very professional. I'll go back for sure..
Used to be good, been here a few times on previous Vegas visits however, this time we both got sick. Our friends went there the next day and they too got sick. Something not right.
We always eat at the Grand Lux when we stay at the Venetian.  They have great food at a good price.  The bacon cheeseburger is my favorite.
Food was Awful. Service was bad.\n\nOnly go here if you really want to throw your money away!
I always get take out from this place and the people are always nice and the food is always awesome! \nAnnnnd Shout out to the girl who took my Togo order and told me the passion fruit mango iced tea was delicious because she was right and now I'm craving it ! Thanks girl :)
Friendly staff.\nFast check-out. \nGreat selection.
Nice clean grounds...always feel at home here.
Kerala food available here !!!! Off the menu though and call to confirm!!! Tried the mutton with the bone and it was fantastic! The Kerala chicken curry prepared for that day also good! \n\nbit of a wait for food though but worth it.
Pizza by the slice right at the south end of Fremont Street in the remodeled Plaza Hotel Casino.  Open late too.
I've been here a number of times now and absolutely love it !! Their boba is the right chewy! I went to republic of ramen and their boba has the texture if a rubber ball. So many flavors to get here too! Nom nom nom!!
It's not a bad place to grab lunch on that side of town, it's clean, the staff is attentive and the food is decent.
Service was excellent! We ordered the flautas & the chicken enchiladas, they were delicious! We also ordered the shrimp burrito, it was loaded with shrimp! So good!! I was skeptical when I saw the green rice, but it just as good as everything else! We will definitely go back! Prices are great too!
You get what you pay for when you use wiz and Sysco steak-um. Nuf said.
Welcome change to the local sub scene. . Check out the custom murals. Each location has one that is site specific. .Future Favorite for Las Vegas Flavor.
Cut down the menu and concentrate on quality. Great neighborhood spot but food is just BAD. Would be great if there were a smaller menu but quality food....
Great food and service! Country food at its best!
Good value.\n\nBuffalo chicken pizza is amazing when fresh (but there's better).\n\nAnd that's it. I liked it the first two times but after that it got kind of lame.
Overpriced.  That's about all I can say about this place.  The sandwiches were okay, but 2 average sandwiches and 2 sodas for $30??\n\nI won't be going back.
After eating 50+ breakfasts at The Groves, I finally went there for Dinner. This ISN'T your usual bar food restaurant. I had the stuffed chicken (Chicken stuffed with a walnut sauce) ... it was excellent. Had a seasonal beer Santan Brewery ... a perfect meal. One of the better restaurants in Gilbert
Ashley Boyd, Michael and myself discussed my recent trip to 300 East and have straightened out any problems that existed during my dining experience.  As usual, if I had handled the misunderstanding during my visit there have been no misgivings when I departed the restaurant.\nI am looking forward to my next experience there very soon.
Great food Horrible service.
Good but not worth the wait, we waited over 2 hours for a party of 3.  Very nice staff and place looks clean.  Nothing really stood out to justify that type of wait.
Twice now I have had transfers here and have not had any problems in the airport.  My only complaint is that everything is overpriced.  With slot machines around every corner and every gambler throwing their money away on them - Does this airport really need to rob people even more?
Great service and closest to home, but they never seem to have chocolate creme filled donuts. Boo hoo. Maybe I should cut back... lol. :P
We had fun but it is definately more for kids 5 and younger . \nThe pretend store was fun and we all had a blast playing in the noodles.
Vinny where the hell are you? I walked around the aria for an hour looking for \"Vinny the Barber\" and failed!  Well, he actually works at he hotel salon. Hope this saves everyone an hour of walking and asking where the Vinny the Barber is. Smh
Great Pho.  Time after time I try someplace closer to home and time after time I wish I'd have gone to Pho Hoa. Rich broth, oodles of noodles and just nice guys. Try it, you'll be glad you did.
My family and I love this place.  Great house wines, great salads and delish pizza.  They give my little girl a little pizza dough to play with while we wait for our food.  The staff is very attentive and friendly, even when they are extremely busy.  The atmosphere is vibrant but homey at the same time.
Not that great! For the prices I expected much better food. Lacked that special something and pretty small portions. Outdoor breakfast seating was beautiful and staff was sweet. Just left me desiring more....
You do not want to go to this bar it is full of truck drivers that are just looking for a w**** hopefully you're not one of them they 86 women if they stand up for themselves I rate this bar 1 star:
Great place! Fantastic healthy shakes and good atmosphere. Free workouts too!  Definitely worth checking this place out.
The entire team at Scottsdale cat clinic is truly amazing!  They gave extraordinary care to my loving \"meow\",  When she  was well and especially when she was ill.  They are the Neiman Marcus of veterinary offices!!
Food was good but I was surprised we were charged extra for a second bowl of rice. Most Chinese restaurants give you all the rice you want at no extra charge.
Food is terrible. Did they actually think that people would fill their oversized dining room?  I don't get it... All you do is make a few Asian dishes all day, everyday and this is the best you can do? I wouldn't eat here for free.
We had the chicken machaca #27. It was very good. The sides black beans and white rice were also good. Also the lemonade was a thirst buster. My wife had the sugar free lemonade and it was also good. Looking forward to going back. The Yelp discount was the ticket.
I love love this place!! I usually go 3-4 times a week. Yes, that's how much I love it! The Beach Burn smoothie is so good. The open-faced sandwich...seriously the best breakfast!
I mean no cover and its not bad...however..be aware that there is ACTUAL sand there...i had a little too much to drink and apparently didn't notice..however when I saw my shoes the other day...they looked like somebody blew a huge load of angel dust everywhere
This is like a fast food asian type of spot. Its pretty good for what it is. Stopped by here one day because it was close to a golf course that i wanted to play at. Think i had the lemon pepper chicken, it was good.
I had lunch here last August. The service was average, the setting was average, and the food was average. Not terrible, but I will try another place on my next LV visit. I expected something creative and well executed from Todd English, but it was very, well... average.
Good ambience. The coffee is overpriced. The quality is not that great compared to its price. The chocolate muse was not fresh, not well made and it was 7.50$. Better try dessert in other place.
I ordered the spinach rice and beans which was excellent. Service was slow to start I waited 10 minutes for a cup of tea. Lunch is a very busy time but it'd still return because the food is very good
We loved Spago.  Everything was AMAZING!  If you're on a budget, maybe look elsewhere... but if you want outstanding food with really interesting and delicious flavors, this is your place.  So happy we chose it as one of our dinner spots.
Hhhhmmmm..it's OK...nothing special. I've had FAR better
Nice place and good wines but average food. \nGood Happy hour prices. Great place to watch games with outdoor venues.
Some parts were a little cheesy but great show overall. Excellent show to take family and kids - very interactive. Loved the booth/separate tables seating. They took professional pictures prior to the show - great souvenir for only $15!
Very good, but highly overrated.
I have only had the kobe burger here but it's amazing.  The food is worth putting up with the prentensious server who undoubtedly wishes at the time they were doing body shots at some club in Scottsdale. Price is steep but the burger is amazing.
Worse Chinese food that I've ever had. Very bland. Definitely not worth trying again.
I used to like Pepe's but last time I stopped in on \"taco tuesday\" for the $1 tacos, they filled the tacos half filling and you needed a magnifying glass to see the beef.  I didn't say anything, I just won't return.
Steer clear from their fish tacos! They were absolutely horrible!  The side of rice and beans were tasteless! Chips and salsa were good and that was it!
Really good Mexican food and service is great. Prices are also very reasonable. The chile relleno was amazing!!
I call Doug and he send his Co worker Ken, he did a very good job and fast the most important is he  gave me a very good price. I'm very happy with his work.
Not good and overpriced. One of my friends hyped this place up so I was excited to try it and it was a huge let down. I will not be going back.
Fletchers smells like ass got a free oil change oh well... They take forever so if you need to be somewhere good luck
This is your typical greasy spoon place. A run down resto that has amazing hot dogs, fries and poutine. Not a classy place but a great spot for a quick bite.
I have been there a few times. The owner is a gilbert native and a very nice person. The food is of good quality, the atmosphere is great. It is best to visit here during the spring and early summer.
Can't say enough about our ATV adventure and chad our guide.  Chad was very informative and matter of fact which I loved, having three teenage boys in tow.  My youngest son has autism and rode with Chad on his ATV.  Chad was caring and patient with him and my son was thrilled!!! Highly recommend.
Great food!  Lacks healthy options, as the portions could feed a small colony.  But, with that being said - the food is inventive, has great presentation, and tastes good.  I recommend the snickers pancakes (if you aren't on a diet).  ;)
When we sat down we had to wait for 5 minutes before our server showed up.  We decided to order everything all at once and our food came but didn't have napkins or silverware.  We didn't see our server for about 10 min.  Next time I'm just going to order takeout.  Crappy service
do not sit by the windows, you will be batting away flies the whole time!! We had to ask if we could move because it was so gross and annoying. Had the BBQ burger, it was ok. the sweet potato fries were fresh and crispy. Of course everyone comes for the cheesecake which is always amazing!
As others have stated, a little expensive, but what's not in Vegas? Get the mlife  bogo, and it's not a bad deal.
Love love love shopping here everyone's so helpful and sweet I recommend this location to everyone!! Customer service is awesome every time I go in
Fun spot for cocktails and a light meal.  Interesting scene.
Food was good. The service was disappointing. Your better off going to Gallo where people actually care.
Food and service were good mid day.  A bit commercialized, but I accept that.
Worst service I have ever had at a hooters restaurant. Order took 20min and it was wrong! Totally disorganized staff. What a joke! It was like watching a \"Hell's Kitchen\" episode! LOL!!!
Five stars for Happy Hour. Delicious $1 oysters and shrimp and a variety of $4 beers on tap to wash it all down. Service was top notch too!
delicious!\nsuper friendly, good service.  vegan-tastic.
Although the waitstaff was good, the food was underwhelming. I had the classic burger with onion rings. The onion rings were greasy and the burger was nothing special.
Just picked up shoes my boss had resoled.  They look excellent, the price was great. \n\nThe guy that works here is hard working, friendly and polite.
Place is so beautiful. Im glad i came here before i died so i got a chance to see it!!\n\nEXCELLENT customer service
Pretty disappointed with the breakfast.  High price, lower quality.  It is pretty hard to screw up hash browns but they were able to do it.
The positives: fairly decent beer selection and close to my house. \n\nThe negatives: ummmm...everything else. Specifically the prices and service.
Overpriced bikes and bad service. Shop elsewhere!
Good prices.  It's like a cheaper H&M but the quality is good for its price point.  They have amazing deals on tank tops (I love tank tops) and short shorts for men(also love me some short shorts lol).
Sad to say, I have seen worse.  It's convenient and relatively fast. Just not clean as it could be.\n\nThe staff here are almost as depressed as the homeless people you find hanging around it
Z's is better and cheaper
I cant vouch for the food but everything else was wayyy fun!  Irish shit talkin singers make you feel happy once you get pissed\n\nI believe there is an upstairs patio
The Food was okay - nothing special, nothing fancy. The price was a bit high. We paid 12.99 USD for the lunch buffet and 3.99 USD for their Mango lassi (which was tasty). We liked the theme though: BOLLYWOOD. The decor inside was cute and intimate.
this is an update from my last review...the dine in buffet at after noon is good..
Came here to dine, and we didn't like the food AT ALL. \nVery cool looking place, but the drinks were just so so and the food was nothing special.\nWill definitely NOT be back.
My brother just moved into the neighborhood and we love Dorn's! For a small store they seem to have whatever we need, and they are so so helpful!
Fantastic and fun MTV music video style 80's bar located off the casino floor of The Venetian, the mood is upbeat and Mike is a friendly and fantastically engaging VJ. The bar can get a bit loud in the evening when Mike takes the stage otherwise it's a very comfortable place to chill out and chit chat with friends over drinks.
Best pizza in town. Great crust. It taste great even the next day. Very nice ambiance.
The food isn't all that great and after paying $51.00 for dinner you would've thought we could've gotten a better selection. DONT COME TO THIS ONE! Go to the Mandalay bay you'll get more for your money. Wicked Spoon is excellent and the atmosphere is the best.
How did sugar get in my coffee when I didn't ask for it? You're lucky I'm not diabetic
Meh.\nIt's an ok meh, at best.\nLittle bit pricey for what you get.\nIf you get breakfast, the meat is extra on your sandwich, whaaaaaat?\nBurger was mediocre.
service was nothing special.. food all tastes the same and for me and my husband the flavors did not stand out. \nthis was our first time so there is a possible second chance in the future. \n\nIt is nice to have an AYCE sushi spot in this area though.
I get my hair cut here regularly by Lynette. The atmosphere is upbeat and prices are great. They even ask you if you'd like a water or soda upon arrival.
Very delicious Po Boys and free clam strips when you sink a putt? Count me in. Mr. D'z fish house is great seafood at a great price.
Actually I did hear from Jason A. Williams Eastern Region Founder and CEO apologizing but nothing about addressing the shortcomings of the staff, nor any word from the actual facility itself.
Pastrami is yum!
Cold(brrr) and expensive. We liked the mannequin in the front of the bar the best.
Service the usual bad...at least for me. \nVery busy and quite noisy.\nStaff friendly and helpful-mostly.
this place is cool, cold beer, food is not great, but they do have OTB
Went there 2011-04-17; THE PLACE IS CLOSED.  sign on door says \"closed for renovations\", but there there was no renovation visible and the \"noodle palace\" sign over the door has been removed.
Strange. I posted before about great blue berry cakes. Today 3 pancakes and maybe 10 blueberries in all. Sad.  I will try again but I will be cautious and reiterate what I want. Friendly  service but forgot lots of requests
Have sent in my Bric's bag 3 times now. It is like an extended part of the family. I travel some 3-5 a month so they know how to bring this bag back to life. They are prompt, professional, and do a great job! I would recommend them to anyone.
Somehow 11111 N 7th Street is \"too far for us.\"\n\nUm... 3.6 miles is too far? wow... OK enjoy your locals. Ordering somewhere else now. :)
The pho is sub par and way over priced. The whole menu is over priced. There's nothing special about this place and even though I live directly across the street I wouldn't come here to get a pho fix. WTPho step up your pho game and lower your prices.
Been here numerous times. The drinks are strong and the food is good. The annoying balloon makers on stilts could leave you alone but other then that its a very fun atmosphere. It gets REALLY busy on the weekend and especially in the summer but worth the wait. Price is also very reasonable so don't worry and drink up!
Hilarious! My stomach hurt from laughing so much! Must see!
Pho : 3stars (pho seems to have Americanized taste)\nBo kho 4 stars\nBun rieu 4 stars\nService: 3 stars (slow.. Not enough wait staff) \nCome for the food, do not use the restroom.
In town for a trade show, hooked a cab here based on yelp reviews. Had the shrimp & crab enchiladas. They were really good - better than most I've had. The frijoles tasted a little burned, but the guacamole was very good. Overall a good place - I'd come again.
I thought that 8am opening was too late for a breakfast serving restaurant but at 8:10am on Saturday morning the croissants weren't baked yet. Picked up a few at lunch and they were delicious but for those who eat their breakfast late.
2 words.....Long Lines!
Place was ok, haven't been back in forever, kinda of nice its not in a strip mall, so location is a plus.\n\nSalsa and food was average.
Let down by poor service, very bad first impression from the greeter. I had the Chorizo hash sitting at the bar, solo, good food, generous portions. \n\nShame about the service, also very dark. Lots of building going on in the hotel so maybe excuses the darkness.
I am sorry this place has turned into a complete day care center. I almost cringe coming to this mall.
Had an excellent breakfast at Ellis Island Casino, recommend the Steak and Eggs woooow $5.99 awesome!!! And were not talking a Minny steak, its a New Yaaorrk style!! Loved it, the 45 min. wait was worth it hint hint!
Pathetic.
One of my favorite Art Galleries on Roosevelt Row, a mandatory monthly stop for me.
I went here on a Monday night. Now if they are going for the failing restaurant vibe, they have it on lock.  There were so few diners that the staff easily out numbered customers about 2:1.  The food was also not great. I tried my sandwich and asked for it to go, to be polite. I threw it away.
Well, I typed up a review and my computer deleted it.  Long story short- the service I encountered with a group of 9 at the host stand was by far and away the rudest service I have received since I can remember.  I would never go back to this establishment after the way my group was treated.
One tall, delicious iced coffee was just the pick me up I needed after a night that left me with a cracked iPhone screen, 2 Uber receipts and lost dignity.
just stopped by for a beer, liked the place will return in the future to see a band sometime
Pizza looked good but i didn't end up getting it.  I forget what I got now because it wasn't worth it to remember.  I will only go back because the females in our group love it.  I go there mostly to get the jello shots from the bar on the way into mgm from NYNY.
Never trust a BBQ place that serves it's meats drowning in BBQ sauce and grease.  Mediocre at best, bordering on \"not good\".  Sides were \"meh\", BBQ sucked, prices were high.  I can't believe so many people come here.
Thank God for New Beginnings! You will find yours here! Warning: The music here is equivalent to any rock concert. Bring ear plugs, and you will still hear fine.
my favorite things at bouchon:\n(*) pomme frites\n(*) lemon tart\n(*) view of the pool courtyard
The food was AMAZING...\nThe service was mediocre.\nThe hostess ruined our entire experience.
This is a great service!  Ticket Busters solved my ticket problem with no hassles.  They are easy to communicate with.  I will always recommend them to family and friends.
I love this place.  Shauna at the front desk was very nice.  The pools and hot tubs are open 24 hours.\n\nAmanda in the restuarant was very sweet and quick on the refills \n\nVery clean.  I've stayed here several times over the last 20 years
Absolutely terrific meal. We started with a seafood platter that was second to none. I had a salmon with miso glaze that they cooked rare for me, it may have been the best salmon I ever had. I highly recommend this restaurant, just don' t stay at the Bellagio.
25 mins for water, 55 min for food, the wrong order, no silverware, charged for an item we didn't order. I am never ever coming back. It wasn't even busy!
Cashier could barely speak English that she messed up my order after telling her what I wanted repeatedly. Food was also bland and tasted old.
First time here, but never to return.  This place is Creepy! Got the runs the next day, ugh.  :(
Good food!
Service was spotty and disorganized. A 20 minute wait, after ordering, for a coffee and pastry. Really?! Coffee was mediocre at best. Third star based on the quality of the pastries alone.
worst experience in vegas. i was robbed there. waitress charge you way more than they should and strippers lie to you. i used my card to buy drinks there and they charged me 3 different values for that. dont recommend this place to anyone
Must admit I like casual restaurants like this plus I love Mediterranean food.\nGreat choices for Vegetarians - super friendly staff, good choice of beer, plenty of seating and food tasted great.\nWe usually make the mistake of ordering too much food....
Mark came right away when i called on a Saturday and stayed until evening to fix my old unit.  I would definitely use him again.
Definitely closed. Sign on door!
Fried pork cutlet is very good and authentic, just like you eat in Japan! The sashimi is decent.  We also try the kushiage. Price is very decent for lunch specials. Prompt service. Clean and comfortable decorations!Good and big portion !!! We definitely will come back to try more foods!
Pretty pedestrian.  Ordered chicken wings as an appetizer.  I actually think they were sparrow wings they were so small
Frys electronics is the same no matter what state you're in. Same lousy customer service. I hate having to come back multiple times to return/exchange merchandise. They're the only store around that will have the parts(most of the time) for me to build a computer. I think frys likes to hire attractive girls.
One of the better values in vegas, this hip bastardized mexican place is pretty freakin good.  I got the baby back ribs marinated in some watermellon reduction.  Flan for desert was great.  1+ extra point for ironic  sexual innuendo in the name.
GREAT ! Burgers  fresh fresh fresh   and I like the way to put your own topping on.  great flavor and 3 sizes to chose from and double it if you want.   Had the jalapeno poppers they were great as well.  we will be back, many times!
By far the BEST chicken tenders in town!! You'll throw rocks at Canes after you try Mochiko Chicken. Do yourself a favor and get down there...you won't be disappointed! Don't forget to wash down your chicken with their famous lychee lemonade!
The pool water is gross and the entire area was smaller than i expected. It seems even smaller when it's filled with \"juice heads\" and weirdos wrestling in the pool. I'd rather pass on the topless and go to a free pool.
Salsa wasn't bad, but save your money and go to Taco Bell because It's pricey for bland food.
I paid for TPain tickets and I had to endure and hour and 30 minutes of whack a** bands... I definitely would not have purchased the tickets if I woulda known that the opening acts would be almost the whole show. Will not do this again.
LaserAway offers the best hair removal services around. They are professional, highly skilled, and very efficient. They have the newest, least painful equipment of any laser removal place I've been to and I've tried several. I will only go to LaserAway from now on!
A friend and I came here for happy hour after a long day of shopping. We sat at the bar and our bartender was Dan, he was very nice and accommodating. We had sangria which was three dollars for a a drink, not bad pricing!
this is one of the most amazing Starbucks I've ever been in - and I've been in a few.\n\nYou would never really notice it unless you were looking for it - so look up. The view is amazing, it's second to none in the city. The staff are good too!
Just sloppy messy mexican food - nothing special
I went here again and tried the Chicken Caprese Sandwich.  It was great!  Make sure you have the bread toasted or it will get gummy as you eat it.  I love this place!
Was told by hostess that the wait for a table even with our reservation was anywhere between 15 minutes to 2 hours. Totally unacceptable.  Decided to not wait. Hostess had a bitchy attitude.  Fire her.
The Chelsea salad is the best.  Pizza is NY style and very good.  If you like your wings hot, get the Hells Kitchen wings, great heat and flavor.  Have never had anything bad.
My clothes smell like onions.  Glorious.
Don't stay here! The rooms are old, the door was falling off the hinges, light fixtures chipped, the bathroom calling leaked right over the toilet, there are cigarette butts all over the ground, the majority of the staff could careless you are a paying guest. The wifi occasionally worked. It was a very uncomfortable experience.
Very friendly staff & good yogurt!
Best sushi I have ever had!! Lotus, bscr, and  spicy tuna roll were fantastic! Great service and a good atmosphere. Would recommend to anyone.
I loved, loved, loved the pooldeck. Great rooms, good service, we were treated great. Drinks and food were a bit pricey but overall I would definitely stay there again. Was treated awesome at Jet, got VIP service all night long and the best table in the house for free!
Saleswomen is extremely rude both times I have been there. Will not return.
Got my tire fixed quickly. Friendly associates. Affordable, which is good enough I didn't bother calling any where else.
Five stars for their FRENCH FRIES. My ideal french fries are served here - cut thin and cooked crispy, yummmm.\n\nSandwhiches are jam packed with meat -- I wasn't too fond of my BLT but I loved the french fries!!
Meh...just ok. Really nothing special here.
So delicious! I loved everything! I have no clue why anyone would say anything negative about this place.  I will for sure go back.  The dumplings are a must have! Don't let the negative reviews stop you from eating here.
Food was OK. Beer selection was good. My biggest complaint here is the loud volume of the music.
I have been going to Metta for about a month now.  It's a cozy space with fantastic teachers. The Vinyasa classes kick my butt and I love the Kundalini meditation class.  Totally recommend this studio for those who want to try different discliplines of yoga.
Resembles too much to a place of entertainment & modern day business...not much a place of worship.
I work right next door to this place, I gotta tell yah my dislikes are the fact that they are tooooo pricey for filipino food.\n\nlower your cost people.\n\nI do love your halo-halo and chicharron bulaklak though.
I, like another reviewer, really wanted to like Big City Dogs.  The menu sounds great, but it pretty much stopped there.  It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't good enough for me to say that I will give them another shot.  I'm thankful I had a Groupon!
Dirty room, loud hallways, rude staff, poor customer service. \n\nThe list goes on and on but it's not worth spending the time to type. \n\nDO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. YOU'VE BEEN WARNED.
Had take out twice so far.... I'm fairly impressed! 3 great entrees so far.
I entered the place one afternoon.  The people working there were so f**king rude, that I had to leave!
I really dislike it when i go to a resturant and do not get acknowledged. 10 min. Is just too long.  Then to serve tepid beer and not offer a glass.  Not good...not good.
Bland food \nOver-priced\nDon't need to say more
Absolutely fantastic !!!!! From the environment, the staff and the food, the gnocchi melt on your mouth. As you can see by my plate, I could have ate another dinner.
Platinum was a waste of money.  Dust in many places and armor all coverage is spotty.  Outside is clean, but was pretty clean when I drove in.  Totally missed vacuuming the trunk.  Will look elsewhere next time.
LEEK SOUP is what i like yummmmm
Pleasant, courteous,  low prices and your clothes are ready the next day! What more could you ask for!
We have lived here for almost 5 years and we just found this place!  We are always on the hunt for a great bfast place.   I
LOVE Rachel's Bake Shop!  Their peanut butter cupcake is Delicious!  All of their cupcakes are yummy!
Worst service and sandwich I've ever had at a Subway.  Jared wouldn't come here!
The only good thing I can say about this place is the waitress was very friendly.  The chips and salsa were bland. The burrito was very boring. The carnitas tacos were dry. Nothing interesting or fresh.   Definitely not going back again.
Love the Blue Black Mac & Cheese and the  Bourbon Teriakye wings are delicious!! Nice atmosphere and drinks specials! Outdoor patio is heated and full bar!! This place is cool to hang with friends and meet new ones!!
I had one of the best burgers I have ever had in my life,  the Blue Bayou!  Great food,  great service,  and good beer selection
You got to love the Turkey Cranberry sandwhich and they tip it off with a cookie.   No compliants a great quick lunch.
Really good burgers, reasonably priced in a pretty rough area. It won't win any awards for the decor. Limited seats but still worth it for the burgers!
My go to place for bomb.com Hawaiian food. Great service , great food, great dessert. Big generous Hawaiian portions, for the poor people like me . Well worth the money. My favorite is definitely the chicken teriyaki salad. Loco moco is delicious , best gravy in town.
Worst venue in Vegas. Overly crowded; most of the time I was only able to have one foot on the ground. If there was a fire everybody would die. Save your money and go somewhere else.
We had a party of 8 for a bachelor party Friday night. What a great time we all had. The service was extremely attentive and fun. The food was very good and everyone loved their margaritas. \n\nWould totally recommend this place.
Should have went to pita jungle... Chicken tacos are pretty bland. The nachos were good but salty.
Street tacos on the Vegas strip. What a concept. Could there be anything better than street tacos after a crazy drunken night you will never remember. These tacos hit the spot and are BOMB.
I stopped in for lunch recently.  The pasta was a touch over-cooked, but adequate.  The service was adequate.  The sauces were adequate.  I guess I'd have to call this place perfectly adequate.
This is one of our favorite hang outs! The husband and I are both soccer fans so this is great for us, they almost always have a game on. The food is great and the plum pudding dessert was YUMMY. They have a good beer selection and a fun menu.
This is for the McDs inside the Palms Food Lobby. 50 Chicken Nuggets for 10 dollars. That's all you need to know. Six Stars.
If you like BBQ, you got to give Famous Dave's a try. The staff are nice and the food is great. every time we got company visiting us from out of town we taking them to Famous Dave's as it is our best choice for good BBQ dinner.
Was a nice theater.  Nice seats.  Good prices.  I appreciate being able to but a cup I can get refilled for a dollar.  The special cinema area where Spiderman was being shown did harken back to an earlier time.  Staff was friendly.  All in all a good experience.
Great place to grab a quick bite at lunch with really good prices for lunch specials. Soup and salad, small pizza, or soup and half sandwich are less than $10! All ingrediants are fresh and the service is friendly and fast. Never have to wait for food more than 5-10 minutes a the most.
I found polish heaven!  They have a great selection of China Glaze & Jessica polishes (for $3!) & really nice staff.  My only complain is that there is NO organization here, but I guess that's pretty normal for a beauty supply place.  Closed on Saturday :(
Have to love the salad and breadsticks. Was told 15 min wait and was sat in less than 5. Great place to eat!
The place is just a little shack but the Pastrami was very well seasoned and tender. Fries i think needs a little bit more garlic flavor in it. Huge portion and very generous with the pastrami. Will definitely go back here.
The burgers and cheese curds are amazing!
It was a good change of pace. Don't know how soon I will be back but I will be back.
Got a pepperoni half veggie. Good amount of veggies barley any pepperoni, good cheese but dough and sauce definitely  needs more season. I felt like I was eating just because it looked good and I was hungry. I don't know if I want to go back and risk it.
I worked with Jay on ordering cupcakes for my recent wedding at the Desert Botanical Garden.  He and his team even designed \"Chihuly inspired blown glass\" (sugar) cupcakes for us!  They looked beautiful and tasted great too!
Great Thai. I try to go here every time I'm in Vegas now. The Spare Rib anything is amazing. Go try it.
the massive burger was massive and tasty
Where can 2 dine on steak on the strip for less than $100? Mon Ami is one option. Food is solid.. particularly liked the frites. Atmosphere is awesome too. A great mid-range type place when you are looking for a nice dinner but don't want to drop hundreds.
ummm this is just like an IHOP. if you have friends or family in town-- don't bring them here. the lights are cool inside... it's only a decent place to go when you have the munchies late at night. food wasn't that great.
3 stars for: gluten-free pizza crust, gluten-free beer and a great waitress\n\ndon't think i'll sit down here to eat again, costs a pretty penny for \"a-ok food.\"
This has to be the largest variety of plants in one location all separated into groups they also have urns and a wall of metal hangings. It feels like your in giant world. They also have a variety of animals hanging around such as rabbits, cats, massive turtles, cockatoos, and fish. Items are pricier though.
Stayed here for 2 weeks had a group of 20 staying here. I didn't like the place . Rooms where outdated . Casino was always busy and couldn't enjoy myself so spent the whole trip at other casinos
BUYER BEWARE!  They now sandwich the 1 tray of king crab legs with 2 trays of snow crab legs.  For the novice and the unsuspecting, you can end up with a plate of the less expensive king crab cousins.
The pizza is FANTASTIC and I love the SALAD DRESSING!!!\n\nNello's has been a favorite for years and they never fail to deliever what has made them famous!!
The service is really friendly. I've tried the buffet both times and the chicken curry was excellent. Naan and rice are freshly prepared. Overall a good experience. Can't go wrong. Solid.
Cupcakes vary depending on the time of day you go in. Sometimes we get extremely dry and feels like stale cupcakes. But there have been other times where the cupcakes were absolutely fresh and amazing.
Awful. Just plain awful.  Service and food. Yeah pizza hut is not the greatest, but sometimes you crave it out of nostalgia. My pizza came out under cooked and soggy. Plus the employees were just rude and super ghetto!
Small, cramped, and serving the same disgusting chicken that this chain always has. Unfortunately, the KFC on Indian School is also a pit, so if you're craving fried chicken in South Scottsdale the only good option you have is LoLo's.\n\nThe second star is because the employees were nice.
I thought maybe the LV in this mall would be a little more \"wow\", but it isn't. I'd have to give big props to the Wynn which has the coolest LV boutique in Vegas.
Went here for my wedding haircut. The owner cut my hair. She is super nice! The haircut was amazing and I would recommend this place to anyone!
The pancake thingee was amazing. Pho hit the spot. Nice. Clean. Delicious. What more can you ask for?
Not such a great experience. The wait staff appears uncaring and acts as if you are inconveniencing him to even come into the restaurant. Food is good but will not return due to the waiter disrespect.
The food is too much average. I had kang pao chicken n noodles, chicken was not cooked properly n there was hardly any sauce mix which is best part of kang pao chicken. The place looks ugly, I better suggest to move around little bit n try other Panda Express which is close to planet hollywood.
Great music.  Superb show.  This fella is so talented.  Amazing how he can play the piano backwards.  Great great band.  Plays oldies and new stuff and his stuff.  All good!!!
Met a business associate here for lunch. Very enjoyable lunch as we ate out in the forum shops area.\n\nThe food was very good, the location was great and the service was very good. I will go back again.
The best eggs benedict I have ever had, I try eggs benedict everywhere and this is my favorite. Service is OK. Prices are a little high, for just the 2 eggs benedicts it runs around $15 and it doesn't come with a side. Great brunch Sat and Sunday 11-2pm.
Christmas is here skip right over Thanksgiving.\nPop in again I needed to find some Don soap I could not find any employees that were able to help me it's like they all disappeared I cannot probably be back I may if I have to but I will go somewhere else.
It's now closed, sadly.
Only reason I liked coming here as a kid was to go to the seafood section and mess with the live crabs. I get them tongs and just mess with them. cruel, yes. fun? what else was there for a kid to do in a store
I went here on Friday night (2-10-12, Las Vegas).  The waiter talked us into the Pork Tenderloin and Rabbit.  The pork was ok but the Rabbit was dried and awful.  The Margaritas were not good.  This place is way over priced for below average food.  Bobby Flay should be embarrassed.
I went here for a firends birthday. Grabbed a taste of the Wyder's Pear Cider and fell in love. Great college spot near UNLV. Decent pricing. And they also have a pool table and a shuffle board game.
Checked the credit card statement... they added a fraudulent $5 tip to the bill.
food--bad. beer-- good.
Loved their fried rice and egg rolls.Pad thai is good too.
Terrible experience - my Pad Thai was very dry and the staff did not offer to solve it, rather brought nasty tasting peanut sauce and charged me extra for it! REALLY??? They explained there was nothing else they could do \nNot coming back here.
Superb neighborhood deli!  Delicious quality food, great value, fast friendly service!
Huge nice rooms you can purchase, Full of amenities, Non smoking, and No Casino!  Plus they have complimentary Escalade service around town which is pretty awesome.  The pool deck is very relaxing and the little cabanas are great.\n\nEach time in Vegas this is where I spend the night.
I met a friend here during their happy hour. Very pleased with the variety of items, service was very good and the price was very reasonable. We had three appetizers and a split a nice dessert. The server was attentive and friendly. Another staffer stopped by and asked how everything was a very nice touch.
Office is open longer than most vets in the area. I believe they offer payment plans. Services are reasonably priced. Nice staff and they even called to see how my baby was after being treated. This will be our veternarian of choice for now on.
Pretty good. I have only been once. Fairly authentic. I would go again. The carne asada was flavorful but I wish there was more for the money!!! \nI think 3-4 tacos for the price would be better than 2. Just not enough food IMO. It was decent!
under construction. will need to go back when the new pool area is finished
Best Aveda Salon in Madison!
Terrible service and fraudulent! Had to dispute my charges because when I didn't leave a tip, the server add one anyway! Very shady place with bad service.
I went there with my friends and I was disappointed overall. The appetizer, shrimp and crab dip was awesome but our meal was eh. The food was cold, no flavor. It was like eating taco bell 'cause the meat was just too chewy and cold for my liking.
And I thought I knew what love was...
The rooms are laid out weird, and for the cost the rooms are not worth it.  There are also not many place to eat around the hotel.
I was going everyday, but slowly my favorite instructors were being fired left and right for the most ridiculous reasons. It was the last straw when I heard how they got rid of Janelle. I called immediately to cancel my membership. I'm saddened that my favorite yoga place has become my least.
Mediocre food. Overpriced. I got the Carne Asada Torta. Not horrible but NOT good. If you want a delicious amazing Torta... Go to Los Reyes De La Torta. It's 7 miles North of this place.
Came here on a groupon for pumpkin patch. ...total rip off. The pumpkin is worth a dime and they hassle u and follow u around.
Happening..crazy busy..long wait..super busy..super crowded. .worth it....\n\nCover can be steep 55 green ones..
Breakfast is a huge disappointment. Although it has been offered off and on in other cities over the last 10 years, this latest offering, is the most over-priced CRAP to date.\nWhat is being called a Breakfast Burrito is not even the size of an egg roll and being priced as if it were a Burrito Supreme.
Great food and service. Highly recommend the jalape\u00f1o poppers with spicy tune! Beef short ribs are delicious. Best kept secret. I will be back.
This is where I shop, on black Friday when everything is 50% off or the seasonal sales, to look like a grown up.\n\nI love the style. Wish they had brighter colors. Its always fall in this store.... but that's part of the brand I guess!
Food is about the same as any McDonalds but the service is horrible. Couldn't hear the cashier and she rang up part of the order wrong. The crew was more concerned with screwing with one another than in making food. We were missing items and never did get everything. I don't think we'll be back.
Drove by this place and decided to stop in instead of going all the way to old town for sushi and we had a blast! The staff was awesome and the food was fantastic (although I've had better calamari). The atmosphere was very lively, there was a DJ too! I'll definitely be back.
Kind of a disappointment after reading the reviews on yelp. $32 for brunch on Saturday afternoon (I ordered it without the champagne). The food didn't look appetizing. I did go back for seconds for the roast beef and parfait. Save your moolah and try another buffet.
Came to get our yearly santa photo. Now they dont let you pick out what picture you want nor do they give you pkg options! We declined and wasted 30 minutes
Blah. Not enough space, but raging crowd and good DJ!\n\nThey need more pools!!!! Or a bigger one! I think the fun of a pool party is actually having enough space in the pool to stand in.
Confession.... I didn't eat here.\n\nTruth.... I did walk in on Bill Clinton eating in the private dining room and was promptly told by the Secret Service to leave.\n\nFor the record... He looked like he was enjoying his meal.
I like the vibe of the place. The stuff is very friendly and professional. It is a great place  to relax and get an amazing work out/detox. Excellent work people. Wish you much success.
There were 40 people in line and no tables to be had so we walked in then out. Maybe next time.
Horrible! Very disappointing. Not all meals for table served at same time, 10 minute wait for missing meal. Believe they were scrambling to make, don't believe shrimp was cooked completely... Slightly cold. Manager was kind to remove, but this did not make up for inadequate wait staff.
Do not go here! Horrible service! Horrible attitudes!! Stay away!!!!!
Bartender and server were very friendly and helpful, very over priced, the Sandwich was extremely dry
I had the great privilege of dining here this evening. Every aspect of my experience was wonderful. Highly recommend!
THEY GAVE US RAW PORK shu Mai !!  Gross! They didn't seem to care when I complained so we walked out. Btw this is the second time. Will never come here again.
Took my wife to this joint. Not impressed,  I ordered the most basic of mexican cuisine,  Chile Rellenos & Tamales and were disgusting, tasteless and offensive. Do not waste your money, Taco Bell would of been 100x's better
1.5 hours late, then proceeded to lie to us about our actually reservation time being later to cover the fact that they oversold their schedule.
Stopped early this morning on our way out of town.  Donuts were fantastic and so was the service.  Very friendly and efficient and the prices are great.  The raised coconut was awesome as well as the apple fritter.
Good wings and fun atmosphere :)  The rest of the menu is what you'd expect from a college/university pub - but I think most people go here for the wings.
The service is great and the atmosphere is very relaxed. The pizza was great, and the waiters are knowledgable.
Great food, reasonable portions and prices, but the service... Each time I've been here a dude brings out the food, guesses at which dishes he is holding, and stands at the end of the table yelling them out until they are claimed. Service is one of the very few things that they don't have quite right.
Angie is the real deal! Our ceremony was perfect and all of our friends and family couldn't stop talking about how special it was, and how much they loved Angie!! She is super sweet and professional! Couldn't recommend more!
Prefer the old pirate show better! Pretty sure guys will enjoy hot girls dancing but that's the only good thing about it. We wanted to walk out by couldn't due the big crowd behind us. Don't even recommend this show to even watch once.
This place was great when Chris and his wife were running it. I got a beautiful tattoo on my foot. Then went back to add more to it, Chris was gone and Tony just messed it up so bad.
Food is great. Orange juice is overpriced.
Great food, great prices!  Lots of interesting flavor combinations and a fun atmosphere with REALLY friendly staff.
Truly awful service tonight, waiting one hour for entree items and servers look totally brain dead with who gives a shit attitude.
Excellent food and great customer service. I come here frequently and always enjoy the food. Amazing food and friendly staff
next door to my nail lady my kids love to come here to get sh*t to make their pretty things lol its kinda quite like a library make put on some music ITS JUST BEADS!!! still I like them!
Ah, the White Hair Deli. It has some promise because the food is quite good, but it seems to have contented itself with catering to the retirees who can get to dinner and be home by 6pm on a weekday. Which is fine, because that is the neighborhood they are in.
Been to this location three times and haven't had any significant problems so far. Chevy's has the best chips and salsa i've ever tasted and the food is delicious. Only complaint is that the restrooms don't have sensored towel dispensers. Not cool man.
This place is a must when in Vegas. I stop by at least once when I come to town and everybody I've brought has loved it. Good portions, great drinks, tons of flavor and reasonable prices make Guy's Vegas Kitchen + Bar the place to go on the strip!
Great service, atmosphere, and food! Loved the gluten free options! Awesome experience!
I had a great experience at Breakfast Club. The environment was nice with a fresh modern design feel. Fresh grapefruit juice was delicious and the service was helpful and friendly. The breakfast burrito topped with green chili was great. Living downtown, I can see this becoming a regular breakfast place. yum.
Spent 15 minutes arguing with the woman who did my intake paperwork about whether insurance for domestic partners \"is legal\" in the state of Arizona.  She came just short of accusing me of insurance fraud.  I finally had to insist she call the insurance provider and confirm my coverage.  What a narrow-minded, unprofessional office.
Good choices, great variety. Love Mongolian BBQ. This place has a chain restaurant feeling, but they do a great job!   Recommended, especially during lunch time when the price is lower!
Probably my favorite place for brunch in the north Phoenix area. Organic, heathy and highly addictive sweet potato tots. Their lunch menu is great too. Try the house made veggie burger!
Overpriced drinks. Terrible service. Was overcharged. Only redeeming quality was the tobacco was top notch. Would not recommend.
Where are the steriod induced chicken wings when you need em??? The wings are tiny drumettes! I got an order of the original and Louisiana rub along with potatoe salad. Everything was pretty bland and they take foreverto give you your food. I've had better wings at a Mexican restaurant.
Everything about this place screams authentic Italian food. Went with my family, got this incredible pasta dish, literally everything I have tried so far from them has been spectacular! It is a little pricey but worth it
don't waste your time. we all got in free, made the loop, like a cattle call and left. go to drais. much more fun!
Awesome \"farm\" food but not your typical Auntie May fare.  This is as good as breakfast gets...just be warned, you will spend a pretty penny on it.  As long as the quality reflects the price tag I'll pay it lol!  I strongly recommend the Bloody Marys.
A lifeless husk of the original Fleur de Lis. We weren't particularly fond of anything served, and with service you would expect at Applebee's.
Great new Pho place, have been here twice now, service was good food was delicious had the chicken Pho and chow fun both were very fresh and tasty with large portion size. We will be back to try more..
Bar Masa is tapa style.... It's great if you want to spend the money.....
Food good for the price. Do not get stuffed crab, all bread crumbs and no crab meat. DO GET the fried oysters! Maybe the best I've had. The desserts look awesome. We are sad that  all the cakes were gone when we came back tonite for carry out .
This place has always been geared to the tourist trade and for that it is fine,\n\nLike so many tourist centered business do not expect high quality, it should be but don't expect it.\n\nBut for what it is, it is ok.
Staff at the sports bar provide an excellent service.
I wanted something small and light to hold me over until dinner. I decided to come here and order shrimp cocktail. I got 4 shrimps. F-O-U-R. Four for $14! I was very disappointed.
So I'm here at Walmart. No receipt printed, so I asked for help.  Finished my transaction 20 min ago.  This is still where we're at.\nHow many Walmart people does it take to print a receipt?
I've never had any type of exceptional service or anything here. But I do like the store and I hear they have fun stuff for the kids every week but I never seem to make it to them.
Love this place! Hope is my definitely the best I've ever been to! Wonderful blowouts, great suggestions,  and her personality trumps it all. I would definitely recommend her to anyone!
This spot is legit. Great clothing, friendly and knowledgable staff and convenient location.
During my stay in Vegas, this was just many of the hotels you can walk through just because and its beautiful
It's a bit on the cheesy side and could use some major remodeling but my 2 year old enjoyed it enough.
Decent steak. Didn't find it outstanding
We had a tour here and the manager Clayton was awesome! The food was great and the customer service was excellent. I had the pork tenderloin sandwich.
This rating is tough because the beer is stellar but Im not a huge fan of the food. I feel its average bar food. Most everything is just ok, and there is just one really good item(beer battered fries). I would recommend getting a growler or two and drinking it with some friends at home.
63.25for two pizzas and salad pretty freAking krazy?
It was a decent experience.
I thought it was going to be more of a bar/pub place, but it was a great sit down place. I had the meatball sandwich and it was great
went here on the first i arrived in vegas.  and it was lunch time and went here. OMG the food is great. i loved it there.
Wonderful staff and lots of fun games. They just increased some of the games to 2 tokens, but still a great deal.
Thanks for the great business cards and fast delivery.
Don't fall into restaurant gift card or $200 cash. They never give you cash expect $150 crappy restaurant.com gift card.!!!
Stopped by here because on a rare occasion, I felt like having breakfast.  The service was pretty slow though, the food was really good though, a little better than the ordinary.  Had the eggs benedict, good hollandaise sauce and the eggs were perfectly poached.
This theatre is ok with comfortable seating and is within walking distance from the house.  The prices for popcorn, soda, etc are ridiculously high compared to other movie theatres.
and almost three months AFTER my unfortunate visit to Prive, Cameron, the promotor texts me 'if you're ever in vegas again, let me know if i can hook you up!\"  oh and he's already working for a different club called OUT now??  bleeeeh.
STAY CLEAR AWAY from this horrifying pet grooming place!! First time and last time here. Owner calls me and informs me that they accidentally slightly \"nipped\" my puppy's ears. I rushed over to see what had exactly happened, and my poor puppy's ear had been separated
Stopped by here to see a show and just trying to enter the valet was a hassle.  The casino itself wasn't too pretty.  Just looking at the reviews and the hotel  decor, I didn't feel like eating there.  Trying to leave after the show was also a hassle.  There was no mediation with the pedestrian traffic.
Saigon Palace doesn't stack up to Ben Thanh or Pho Hoa but I do think they're better than Saigon grill up the street so if you're on South blvd and need some Vietnamese I'd come here instead.
This Loblaws is good. Avoid peek times because the queues become unbearable.
The Best!! Hands down!  Great taste, great service.  Love the names of the desserts...so cool!
this subway has the worst night shift in anthem. they are extremely rude and absolutely hate their jobs. i will be calling the mgr in the morning to verbally complain as well.
As far as quality of merchandise and shopping experience this place ranks between the Savers on Decatur and the Salvation Army on Charleston. FAR better, cleaner, and more organized than Salvation Army! Staff was helpful and they did have some awesome ugly Christmas sweaters.
I ordered a salad with a variety of melons and grilled shrimp.  The shrimp was chewy, hard and terrible.  The rest of the salad was great but that was a huge turn off.  They did, however, have the best skinny margarita I've ever had.
international az
This place is filthy.  The doctor I had was completely negligent in correcting a problem she had created.  I found a doctor in Bloomington and had to undergo surgery to correct what was done terribly wrong while I was a patient at Christie Clinic.
I have the billing issue, called the customer service just to get very rude attitude staff whom just told me that's the way company charged my bill and I have to take it either like it or not. Nothing else. The worst company I ever encountered with suck customer service.
Stunningly bad for a major chain hotel. Internet access costs $12 per day, and TV was not working the day I checked in. If you are a  business traveler, don't accept this overpriced mediocrity. Stay anywhere else.
Les pommes de terre au d\u00e9jeuner sont excellentes, de m\u00eame que le caf\u00e9.
Friendly and quick service. Food is ok... the only thing good about this place is that there is unlimited fries with your meal.
Oh nummy food!
Nice club, fun, friendly girls.  If you go, try to find Jade.  She does yoga, so is very flexible. She's a fun time; Let's just say I would be incredibly embarrassed if I were related to her.
I love how conscious Insectek is over the ingredients they use in their products. Great people and great service!
Hidden Gem! Great little restaurant with deliciously fresh food and fun friendly waitstaff. Go for tacos and burritos and homemade soups and then take a wAlk next door and take a browse through the Mexican Market. The margaritas were delicious as well!
I have no real complaints.  Prices are high but you get what you pay for.    :-)  The employees are ALWAYS friendly and willing to help my daughter whenever she needs it.  THAT IS HUGE!!
I didn't get a good chance the first time around but the office called me back in for a mini scan in HD. Me and my husband are highly appreciative in the business. We love the fact we get to see our daughter again thank you miracle in progress
Chocolate is my drug of choice and Coco delivers consistently divine high cocoa content confections that also make a lovely gift.
The only thing that I enjoyed here was their dessert table.  The food was only so so and being that it is one of the cheaper buffets on the Las Vegas strip, even the price wasn't worth the food that was available.
Food was so bad we left without eating. If you like these fake Chinese buffets, then ignore this review. \n\nIt was awful.
Great place for an early breakfast. Good value, good service, and airplanes!
Very good burgers, buns are toasted.....jalapeno cheese fries are amazing.    Smaller place, not much seating
4:20pm  just walked in and then turned around and left! First time I've ever seen a Paradise Bakery that dirty!
Food is better some days than others, Seems more fresh. My favorite entree is the  Aguachiles, yummy! Prices are pretty much as other Mexican seafood restaurants. But the servers/waitresses should smile more often as they currently walk around looking unhappy! LOL no really, the food is good, service not so much.
Came in an hour and a half before closing on a Saturday and they were still able to get my dress pressed! Very friendly and great rates! Will definitely be back thanks for saving me!
This has become my favorite place to hang out. Great atmosphere, great taps, great staff, great happy hour deals. They've been attracting some quality live entertainment too. The food is hit or miss, but honestly, who goes to a place like this for the food? It's a bit out of the way, but definitely worth finding.
Take out shouldn't be cold when it gets home. 3rd time here. Sad. Not - not warm - cold. Veggies, chicken, rice...everything. Cold Asian food is not ok. If I wanted to reheat my dinner, I'd go to the frozen section.
20 mins to get service and then another 30 waiting for drinks. Went to the bar to find out what was going on. They finally told us they were looking for the alcohol that goes in the drinks...BS!! Avoid this place like the plague!!!
This place is interesting, though some of the baked items are gross (ie 'paleo'...did cavemen have chocolate chip cookies?). Staff can sometimes be unpleasant.
...the theater is alright, I guess, and it isn't very crowded....plus it has a Merry-Go-Round.  I think that sums up the good parts.  Just not sure why anyone would go here considering some of the other malls in the area.
Overpriced small tacos and tapas. Very cheap with their salsas as well. There's better places for tacos here and Arizona for sure. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Food is great but customer service is HORRIBLE!!!! Their staff needs CUSTOMER SERVICE TRAINING!!!!! The girl working the front on 11/23/2014 8pm shift was beyond rude.!!!!!
The people at Creative nails are very nice an do a wonderful job.  \nGreat prices and love the designs they do on my nails.
The price is great but same commercial movies than other theaters. The food is horrible and expensive, they need to offer healthier options.
Steak was not very good.  Ahi tuna was a bit dry and overcooked.  They don't have a full bar, only beer and wine. It has potential, but needs help.
Tried to eat here.  Despite sixteen open tables there was a twenty minute wait.  When I asked the manager about this he was very rude so we left.  We will not be back.
Wow...
They have some good sales from time to time. Watch the sale prices and make sure your getting the best deal. The one thing that keeps this from a 4 star review is the store you do not get cell phone reception in the store.
did my transmission and the tranny failed after 3 months dont trust him with major issues ... and he will not honour his work if it fails ... stay away
The only bad thing about this place really, their always so freaking busy, but because they are so freaking good! So what I was thinking...call in the order and bring it home  They have the BEST Mexican Food.  I recommend their Cahuamanta / Birria or Cabesa.  This is a MUST try!
The young lady with all the attitude who works mornings during the week at this location has tried to ruin our day for the last time.  There's never justification for rudeness and becoming mouthy with paying customers. We've taken our business to another location in the area and it is so much better.
nice location.\nok food.\npricey in general\ninteresting wine list.\ncute (female) som
AMAZING! My fiance and I have been regulars for 3 years now. Great food and drinks we crave all the time! I noticed its says there is no wi fi but there is we bring our ipad up all the time. They have the best Happy Hour specials and service! Love, love, love this place!!
Cashier busy doing their side work, when customer ready to check out n being reminded by other co-worker. Customer service please... Is this Starbucks?
Not sure why the great reviews, she abraded my big toe and kept getting up to help other people.  Oh, and no top coat??? Wtf? I'm not impressed.
Amazing customer service! Every food request I had they full filled. So helpful!
Wow I can not wait to go back. The last time I was in this building was 40 years ago.  This place had a great vibe, great DJ's. Next time we will have dinner there.
This is a solid location.  Restaurant was clean, service was good, and the sandwich was tasty.
We always try to find new places to eat and we weren't disappointed!  Their side dishes were extremely good (especially their kimchi) and we enjoyed our main dishes as well!  Will be coming here again!
Pretty standard for a PetSmart.  Clean space, pleasant staff, and it's easy to find what I need for the furball.
Fist timer havent bit into my carne asada burrito but the cook provided me with a little carne.to nibble on while my meal was being prepared must say it was tasty
Awesome chicken chimichanga. Will definetly be back again. Hopefully the debit/cc machine will be fixed by then lol.
I always go to this Shell station on the way back home to LA. It's just really convenient for me because you can head straight onto the freeway from here.\n\nAnd they don't charge you for cups of ice! Just for future reference if you're here on warmer days.
This is icecreamzilla.  Love the location, the decor, the price, the flavor.  Everything is good.  I just don't want to think about how bad it is for me.
If were to describe sex through a nightclub, XS is it. Sinful, addicting, enticing, free (well for some...hahahha), and pleasurable. Love it.
Small bar space but great place for happy hour if you're in the area. Ladies night specials on Thursdays are great. If you like blue cheese on your wings I haven't found a better place. Blue cheese is awesome with big chunks of blue cheese.
OMG this is my favorite place, great food, great atmosphere wonderful
Always tasty with enormous portions. They recently remodeled to accommodate the crowds. They are also open 24/7. Nightly specials have all been good so far, especially bbq night.
the best, clean, sushi fresh, all the food is out of this world, different desserts, vegetables, fruit.  it is amazing.  the place is \nclean.
Good Food, Good Prices, Good Location....  We will be back on our next trip to LV.
Love the tots! I get them every time i am near this truck! Can't wait to try them with the fried egg on top!
This place was absolutely adorable : )\n\nThe service was very quick & friendly, food was reasonably priced and delicious!\n\nI had to bring home an Egg & I mug
this place is good for family,  The price is right and they serve good beer.  The food is pretty good four stars are for the service.  I don't like looking over at the kitchen and seeing the cooks eat food while they are cooking so that is why they get one star deduction
This location does not have a drive-thru but they have ample parking and the service is fast.
Really enjoyed this place outside Paris Las Vegas.   Great great drinks and Chinese Chicken salad!   Nice outdoor section is great for people watching.  And a great view of the Bellagio fountain show.  Attached candy store is cool too.   We would go back there next trip.
Stopped in here for lunch one day last week on a shopping trip to REI with the hubby. We both agreed we will not return. The meat was dry and the refried beans were soupy. Nothing tasted very fresh. There's a lot better choices for Mexican in the area.
I had the pork tenderloin, it was kinda salty. The garlic mashed potatoes were pretty decent. The green beans were very rubbery!! The server was pretty cocky but my grandparents like it here so I go! My grandma raves the Wedge but blue cheese isn't really my thing.
You can find us here every Friday night for the best and most reasonably priced Sushi in Gilbert! John the owner is so friendly and the Sushi Chef's, Jason & John make the most beautiful dinners for us and the quality is excellent. We LOVE this place for Sushi and highly recommend Sushiya!
Great Service! Reliable and friendly. I just needed a new headlight installed and they were quick and accurate! The price is right ;) I will go back!
A decent and clean Indian store that's close by.  For the most part they have a good selection of Indian staples.  Their fresh produce can be iffy.  You have to go on the right days to get to the fresh veggies, which is on Thursday.  Their products are moderately priced, and the staff is friendly and always helpful.
There are so many foot spas in the area its hard to choose, but this place is amazing.  The environment is so relaxing. My friend and I got to be in the same room and sit back to enjoy.  Everyone is really nice and want you to be comfortable. I will for sure be back!
I was expecting healthier options.. It wasn't horrible just not healthy enough for me
Eh. Ok food, high school waitresses, blah bar. Wish I liked it more, but blah.
Service was less than average.  The waitresses nails were realyl really long which I would have to question how clean they were.  My Ice tea was served with a\n teaspoon in it.  So I was grossed out and decided not to eat.  Just sat there and let my other fruends enjoy there meals.  Yuck!!
When going to this office do not expect a welcome reception from the Medical Assistants that work there. They are cold, indifferent, and very aloof toward patients. The Drs are great but customer service needs improvement immensely. I agree with previous comment that professionals do not exist at this front office.
When during brunch hours. Prices were reasonable for what they offer, good for families with kids!! The staff was Nice and attentive
Service and food was very good.  We had three rolls and all were very tasty.  We recommend this restaurant.
Good chicken fingers.
Had a medium Canadian bacon pineapple.  Very good, quality cheese, did to go, took them 30-40 minutes (Friday).  The place was packed!
The food was ok.  But the service we had A LOT to be desired.  I don't plan on going back.
Pretty typical restaurant/bar food...except the chicken wings are full sized drumsticks.  Yes, I read that on the menu but didn't think each drumstick was 5 inches long, was thinking more of the minis.  \n\nLots of TV to watch football and the bar has a cool look/feel.
Mole sauce was amazing! Chicken was a little dry, but searously the mole sauce was good enough to eat with a spoon.\nSkip the fundido.  The waiter could not explain some of the items on the menu, which was funny. The hicima tostado was great!  so was the mango crab salad.
Drove by this place and thought it might be a diamond in the rough!  It's more like an ugly rock!  Not much here, seems very empty, reminds me of garage sale left overs
Great variety of salad items, soups, pasta, and desert.  Having recently gone vegetarian, this is a good place for me.  However, the soup selection is limited for a vegetarian.m  Still, I get a lot a food that I can eat and enjoy.
Great fresh hand tossed pizza, great free pour drinks!!!!! It is awesome!!! Nice bartenders..pretty too!
Excellent food, great friendly service. I have finally found a great sandwich, better than Chompies.
Love that this is almost next door - easily walkable. I preferred sunflower market, but this definitely beats Fry's. I think they have a few items that are overpriced, but the healthier options factor makes that up.
this place has great smothies i love most of there stuff the blimy limy and the sunrise sunset are my favorite smothies. this place surves food and also a cool place to hang out.
Also be sure to check out the reviews that are not recommended by yelp.  All say the same thing.
Food is good. Lady at the front desk with attitude bad. She acted like she was doing me a favor by me eating there. When will Charlotte get a restaurant with hand pulled noodles?
Moving Buddies did a great job for me! They are quick and efficient with great attitudes. Thanks guys!!
My friend knew a guy who walked us in at 11pm. Awesome. I hate waiting in those stupid long lines in Vegas. We even got to dance in the pool by the tables. It gets too crowded inside, so I recommend hanging out outside. Don't worry you can hear the music from the outside.
Great small plates! Plenty of food for my husband and I with 2 small plates, one side, and appetizer. Yummy blue cheese butter to start with bread.
Very nice company, we drove over a screw with out vehicle, and it was stuck in the tire We read the reviews on Yelp and rushed there minutes before closing, they happily fixed our tire for free , and within a half hour we were in and out!\nThank you very much Discount Tire!
Chicken salad sammich was good.. little heavy on mayo... enjoyed the surroundings.. I will be back
way to spicy and expensive....
Vegan frozen yogurt. need i say more?! It's fracking delicious, dont even question the \"vegan\" aspect of it. go go go!
I finally found a bar in my neighborhood with a patio for smokers and now they are closed. RIP
Our golden retriever maggie came back happy, clean, smelling great and on time. Highly recommend lori.
Not your average Mexican.  This has a variety of dishes you wouldn't find elsewhere.  Absolutely delicious.  Service is outstanding and very accommodating.  I'm there at least 3x's/week.
Got some quick exhaust work done on my car.\n\nThe work was top notch and they allowed me to ensure the alignment was exactly how I wanted it before the welding began.\n\nThe price was more than fair. Looking forward to coming back in the future!
Worst dimsum I have ever eating.  Receptionist has horrible attitude.  The guy I think is the owner.  We had 16 people and they refused to put 2 tables together.
As good as it gets, pretty much sums it up. The chicken is perfect, sauces are great...wasabi cream is crazy good. Personal size Mac n cheese is fantastic...highly recommended
A free doughnut and drink for your birthday... you bet I am a fan.  The Key Lime Cheesecake doughnut was delicious.
Beef tacos were very good (4-star). Guacamole was runny and had some rind/pit in it.  Other sides were just OK.
Quick and easy fast food type restaurant to grab a bite to eat while walking the Strip. Overpriced for sure but the food was tasty.
those guys are the best
Great staff & Dr. Giles is super friendly and extremely knowledgeable. \nThey also do a great job getting you in and out of there while not making you feel rushed.
Jon is great! So professional and very knowledgeable about the body. Gave a great hour and a half massage that went by too fast because he was so good. Thank you Jon!
stayed here for a wedding and the hotel was nice. Unfortunatley this place was not really within cab distance to much nightlife, however there was a pretty fun bar right across the street. The pools were nice but the resort seemed much more geared for family's. Overall nice rooms however i wasn't too fond of the location.
My wife and I eat here a lot during lunch time.  The food is great and the service from the wait staff is excellent.  Their southwest salad and nachos are really good and I strongly recommend them.
Brought the girls and ordered a meat lovers on thin crust to go. 20 minutes later we had a great large pizza and we ate the whole thing! Customer service here is great.
Delicious burgers and clever menu!
I ordered a tofu salad and I got tofu with cornflakes on top. WTF? It was really good. WTF!?!?\n\nThe soup dumplings (xiao long bao) weren't half bad, either.
lonnng wait!
Place has Texas ambiance in spades.  You leave the cavernous restaurant and you almost expect to step onto a dusty street in the panhandle.  The chicken fried steak is great and when you consider the $8 price tag it becomes downright splendid.
Every dish seems to be a home run and always fine the service to be very friendly.  A very interesting menu the is executed flawlessly.  Can make a valid claim as the best in Madison.
Nice corner market with a very friendly staff and their breakfast sandwiches are amazing
A friend from Seaside Highland Games recommended this place so had the check it.out. Hubby & I sat at the bar, the bartender & 2 other girls walked by us. No ine even acknowledged us. The bartender walked by us 3 times and she wasnt busy :(  So we went to O'Sheas and bartender Mike hooked us up
I went to this restaurant once and will never go back. Extremely cheap food both price wise and quality wise. They basically scoop what color food you want out of 2 troughs. I like Indian food. This is very very low quality indian food.
Ok.  But from slow for a place that you order the counter.  Even with just a few people the service at the counter was slow.  And then another wait.  I couldn't help and notice that some people didn't like their food.   Frankly I expected more from the Bellagio.
I ordered a Frozen themed cake for my granddaughters birthday. The cake decorator was so flexible because I thought I was going to be able to find my own decorations (which was impossible). The staff did a beautiful job and were so friendly and wonderful.
What is there to really say. Inexpensive, throw away tools that get the job done. They have great, cheap consumables like grinding wheels but I wouldn't expect their grinder to last more than a few jobs.
Great service and a great price to match! Don't throw away your money going to a high end salon when you can get the same or even better massage at Massage Envy!
For $10 you can get an 8 inch sub and a GIANT slice of pizza. Needless to say, this has become my favorite place to order dinner from.
Very nice restaurant, but the service sucks!  The waiters were nice, but very slow.  Worst part is that there were only 3 tables in the restaurant.
Have been coming here for years. Chicken katsu and teriyaki chicken are my favorites. You can even buy a jar of their home made teriyaki sauce.
The smoothies were super icy, sour and sometimes flavorless. I do not recommend getting a smoothie at this location.
For the most part this is a venue for seniors. Though I hear they are trying to make the place more appealing to a younger crowd. A plus is the live music they have most nights. The food here is above average, and I'll even admit I get a kick watching the older generation \"get down\".
This place was quaint and edgy!  The food was VERY good!
After having my 4 legged daughter massacred by another grooming service, I found Melissa. She is fabulous! My dog gets so many compliments, which in turn I let them know about On All 4's-Elite Grooming. Melissa is a master in every sense of the word. My Zena loves her too.
Not too impressed with the TJ max side, but love home goods! I could spend a solid hour looking through their deals!
Rather pricey. 1 round of drinks and 3 sushi rolls came to over $70 before tax/tip for only two people. Service was just okay. Happy hour ends early, at 5:00 PM.
Really, really, really bad... that was three. Horrible service. Very rude and there were ants everywhere!!
The YMCA omelet is very good. Loved the hasbrowns (they're the shoestring kind), and the apple butter was delicious.
Fun sushi spot I try to hit everytime I'm in Vegas.  If you like sushi give this place a try.
Great street Cart dining on the state Capitol square in Madison. The falafel was huge!  Really should have split it between the two of us. The kids enjoyed their burgers. My hubby really wanted a gyro but sadly they were out.
Salmon Dry/overcooked..Servers are pleasant...but service a bit sloooow. We used to take our kids here years ago..., but I don't think we will return
Vegas weekend with my girl and this was our first stop to eat.  In summary, we ordered the recommendations of yelpers and our server and the food was just alright.  Our server was great and attentive, but the food was just ok.  Not worth getting into the details, I will not be going back.
if u want awsome pancakes... then come here.. but,get ready to wait for a table,and wait outside in the heat for 40mins!!! but,worth all the wait!!!
I love this place. Local feel and good food.  Ask for the pasta primavera-it's stacked with crisp veggies and just right.  They give pizza dough to the kids as a time-killer which makes it easier to hang on busy nights.
Cheap beer and interesting crowd that go there. It's in Freemont - Downtown.
Quality ingredients and real flavor make this my new favorite Mexican restaurant.  Prices are very reasonable and a visit to our table by the Chef made for a great experience.  Street tacos, table side guacamole, and a whole lot more.  It's all about flavor.
Meh...not too impressed. This is no east coast sandwich shop. I wouldn't say the food is bad, but I'd go elsewhere if I wanted a real grinder.
Great food we come here often, it's hit or miss with the service though.
Quantity over quality. When it comes to sushi and seafood, a buffet is definitely NOT the way to go!
Price is legendary people working concession area wish would work like the didn't want you to miss the movie
Hamburger........good! Nuff said.
The only good thing about this restaurant was our food.  On the flip side, the place is dirty, our waiter seemed dirty and it was the worst bloody mary I have ever had.  Sorry, I will not return.
The Tornado is one of my favorite stand by restaurants.  It is always good.  I especially love their Oysters Rockafeller and Walleye.  The service is usually pretty good too.
Very nice and friendly staffs, yummy foods with decent prices.\nI will definitely come back here.
Ok, This place is expensive. Like $50 bucks for 1 kid 2 adults and that's just to walk in.  Plus the planetarium and any extras.  \n\nOn the other hand, it was a full day worth of fun and exploration.  Totally worth it just make sure to bring the hand sanitizer.
Great service. I come here often and never had bad service or food.
Good location for date night and they offer a vegetarian menu. The service was very slow at best but worth it for the food. Ordered the fried tofu rolls which was pretty good, sauce was awesome. Would go back if in the area
Breakfast was good, the eggs were a little hard cooked for my liking, explained to waitress and was fixed. Mimosa was weak, not worth the price!
Stetson Chopped salad. Go for no other reason but for this yummy salad. The rest of their dishes are pretty good too but hands down the salad is the best. Try it, you will not be disappointed.
Meh.  Took forever for us to get our food.  Burger was too densely packed and the bun was stale.\n\nLame-O.
Food is good enough to get my Mexican food fix, but forget it if your in a rush. They take forever to get you your food. I stopped going there because of that. Shame on them!
It was great to dance here with no guys bothering you....thanks to the amazing guards it was a fun time without annoying guys bothering you for a dance
I confirmed with restaurant.com that the voucher was valid and that the owner acted in an inappropriate manner.  AVOID PITA HOUSE.
Great ambience. Friendly, knowledgable staff. Fast service. I tried the El Gaucho, which was delicious but I must confess kind of small for $10 that I paid for it (ordered the large). Will definitely go back. I can't wait to try the steak!
Always love eating from china one. Although I only gone inside the restaurant twice, I always get food delivered and in the time expected. Driver always greets me with my name and is really nice. Food is great and you get a lot for what you pay for:)
I'm from a small town and love locally owned donut shops and have been searching for one here in vegas.. Well I found it here at Dee's! Not only are the donuts delicious and fresh, the staff is wonderful too! They are always so sweet and pleasant. Definitely my go to spot!
Since I currently don't live near a Chipotle, I had to get some while travelling. My usual burrito bowl was good but there was an extra kick that made me wish I had gotten sour cream. Very fast service considering how long the line was.
Excellent food and friendly people everytime
Food here was very good. Seemed fresh and the staff were great. It's alot better now then it was when called the Jungle Buffet. I would eat here again and hopefully soon I can.
Very average steak place.  My filet was tough.  Maybe the chef had a late night and got up early so he didn't pay attention while cooking my steak at 9:30pm.\n\nI won't be coming back.  There are better places to eat in Vegas for this price.
Pork shank is incredible, mashed potatoes with sauerkraut and bacon below. Service was mediocre, that's why they fell short of 5 stars...cool restaurant.
The Cranberry smoothie is yummy! and the sandwiches are delicious! I like the tuna melt (it has capers!) If your looking for a smoothie and sandwich place that has some variety this is the place to try it carries smoothies and sandwiches you won't find at the other smoothie places.
Definitely one of the worst hotels I have ever been in. Typically, I don't care too much because I hardly spend anytime in the hotel while on vacation. However, facts are facts and this pace isn't very good. Definitely not worthy of it's two star rating.
Friendly service, clean environment. Took 23 minutes for me to get a latte. Coffee was just okay...
One word: Bruschetta. Literally amazing. The environment is extremely comfortable. I could literally spend hours here. Great service, great food. We will be back as often as our checking accounts allow.
The residences have another con besides price mentioned above, three star service at a five star brand. The concierges gossip and have attitude,  the heating and cooling are sub par to say nothing of the health hazards. The design is amazing and idea is great, they just need to find the right management and staff to give it five star service.
Nothing special. Greasy Greek food just like you'd find at Arahova or Marathon at twice the price. Annoyingly loud music, like they're desperately trying to create an atmosphere from nothing. Not planning to go back there.
The best cirque du soleil show I've seen to date. Very creative and talented artists!
Not bad in ambiance and price was not high. I enjoyed the spicy lemongrass and jalepeno chicken I chose. I would eat here again. Service was fine.
Just ate here for the first time, good burgers and the truffle fries are so good. Great service as well.
This I'd such a great spot for good fabric and embroidery supplies. They also carry a surprisingly good selection of yarns. Some of my favorite berocco I get here. I love their selection of hand dyed embroidery floss.
Great restaurant! Excellent food and service. Would go again in a minute.
They got great service but they have slow wifi download rate......down is 1.10 mps and up is 0.60 mps .... That sucks... Lol
Great, authentic middle eastern grocery and super cheap to boot. Don't miss the bakery or the little restaurant. The food is great and you can eat right there. I would recommend the flatbreads. Don't expect anything fancy- very casual atmosphere- but the nice staff and great food will keep you wanting more.
Broth was really, really good..... the veggies in my vegan pho however was obviously old which was disappointing but my friends beef pho was perfect (so she says)
Best BBQ in Vegas!!!! Get here early( it starts st 4) the line gets long. Pizza was good the one time I had it while doing karaoke but that was after 244 beers!!!!
This place is delicious for those who enjoy this style of pizza. It's fast but authentic tasting. Very friendly staff. A little pricey for what we got but it doesn't have to be and they have specials everyday. It's conveniently located by my house as well. Would make a nice casual date location as well.
Wolgang may not get the hype of the nouveau celeb chefs but he's still got it. Outstanding food, great tuna, waygu, killer sides. Bone marrow app was very good. Tomato salad was just a pass. the bill was pretty steep, special occasions only.
Shashito peppers, Black Cod with miso, fried crab legs, and Sake--makes this girl very happy!\n\nYummie!\n\nUbber expensive, great service, and super good!
Great place for lunch.  I've only had the General Tso's chicken and it is consistently good.  Minor complaint....the music.
Always extremely courteous, speedy, and polite service. The coffee tastes very good and is priced appropriately. I only wish they were open on Sundays.
Stopped in for breakfast while staying at the Flamingo. BIG MISTAKE. ordered the Charlies Breakfast Burrito. Potatoes were great, but something was \"off\" with the meat in the burrito. I should have listened to my gut. I was SICK the next day and a half!
Pizza crust & toppings are excellent. However the pizza sauce was too salty. I'm willing to try again later.
Prices extremely high. Prices were a big turn off. Weird parking areas. Sample of pork bellie seemed like it was steamed. Really didnt like it. Brisket sandwich was dry and there was no smoke flavor. Bbq should never need salt.
Can only rate the soy cappuccino and Starbucks is better. Although the space/ambiance is nice - bright and roomy.
Fun place to go, especially with the $5 lap dance lunch special
I have only use the ATM at this location. They have two, one under a roof and one on the street level. I think that both should be under the roof, because this is PGH and most of the time it is raining or snowing, but other than that it is A-OK.
Comfortable seats and clean
Abi was great in fixing my dropped computer.  2nd time he's repaired a computer for me.  Awesome service.
Awesome view, great food fantastic company!  Highly recommend for brunch any day of the week.  Great for kids too....
Don't waste your money.  They hype it up to be something large and worth seeing but it's not.  The exhibits were small and not worth the high admission fee.  I even used my student discount and still thought it wasn't worth it.
Horrible service. Lance ( Security- right across from the cashiers booth there's a security booth, that's where his cage is). He needs to get a course on client service and learn how to speak to human beings. \nHe's absolutely horrible.
Giving one star because no curry entree found on the lunch buffet.  I inquired and was told curry dish is available only on certain day.  How could a Thai buffet without curry chicken or curry beef.
Got glasses.  It was as good as getting glasses could be
Best quesadilla I have ever had.  I go with steak extra meat with hot sauce and sour.   Real coke.  Sure the place isn't fancy.  But I'm reviewing food darn it!  And its great!
This place is false advertising!  I tried the Italian beef sandwich and a soda for $13.50 and it it was not fit to eat!  This place gives Chicago food a bad name.  Nothing at all like true Chicago food.  Please remove the Chicago from the name.  I would never waste my money or time here again.
Food was terrible compared to other buffets in vegas. Fortunately,  we had a discount cuz there is no way we would pay full price.
Food was really good .... \nNew building kinda no good ....\nU pay extra for everything ....\nMiss the old restaurant on jones ....
Been wanting to get here for a while and it didnt disappoint. Cool decor, great atmosphere, live music and excellent cocktails equals a very fun evening.Not been to tiki bar since I was in the US a few years back and they have certainly captured the essence of the idea.   I will certainly be heading back.
No doubt food was very awesome and service also very nice.
- Excellent staff\n- Excellent service\n- Excellent patient care\n- Excellent technology\n- Excellent EXPERIENCE!\n\nNo doubt about it, Dr. Mozayeni will be my #1 recommendation for anyone considering LASIK surgery.
I would have to say one of the best sandwiches I have had at a restaurant. The ingredients are fresh and complimenting.
Service was good but the spinach salad I ordered sucked. I ordered the largest size and it was barely bigger than the small. Spinach was wilted and not fresh. Pizza didn't look much better. Would not come back for food.
Great popcorn and an extremely friendly staff.  Seats are comfortable and the theatre is clean!
Way too crowded. Extremely expensive. Nothing special here, just like any other club on the Vegas strip
This is the only place I go for delicious frozen treats. I recommend this awesome place to everyone. Plus I don't deviate from the vanilla custard because it's all I ever crave!
Since writing this review, we've had another local pest control company out to spray our house and property.  It's been just over 24 hours and I see dead bugs everywhere!  I don't remember seeing anything other than some dead ants in our pool after Blue Sky was out.  I'm sorry, but still a 1 star.
Best tacos ever. Period. The manager or owner was very welcoming. He gave us free samples of all the different meats. I was very pleasantly surprised by the pork stomach and the cow tongue. The spicy pork tacos are a must. They are cooked on a rotisserie like a gyro yummy
Seriously, an order of 20 pc nuggets and you give us TWO sauces when I asked for sweet n sour & honey mustard! (Only honey mustard was in there) If you're a normal person, you know it takes maybe four-five sauces to finish all nuggets. You guys are ridiculous.
The one time I ate here it was absolutely disgusting. They used a microwave to cook our appetizer which was rubbery. The actual meal was flavorless. I had an upset stomach for the rest of the night. If your at this place just walk next store to Brew Brothers or the Mongolian grill. You won't regret it.
WoW!!! I was very skeptical going to a tiny taco shop across the street from a strip club. But boy I'm glad I did. The pork tacos are the best I've had! Plus you can see the pork being roasted! Amazing!!
The park is good, apart from one individual with two dogs that cause a lot of problems...and if you want facts, why dont you talk to a park ranger?
They found my sunglasses!!!!! Old ass glasses but they were at lost and found and weren't stolen.
You'll be shocked by how tasty the food is. The burgers with apples? Yum. wow! Hidden gem. Be patient, the service is a little slow, true mom and pop kind of thing. You'll be glad you supported such culinary talent. Breakfast was great too.
They were fast. It is a par cappuccino. The price was normal.
The best Night/Day club in town. Lots of great DJs (Calvin Harris, Morgan Page, Nervo etc) The setup is beautiful! In summer there are best pool-parties! Lots of nice and beautiful people come to this club! ;)
good place to kill an evening. I used to spend my time here many moons ago. good coffee at good prices.
Food is ok. For a restaurant on Fremont St there should be more than two people working at 2 in the afternoon in St Patricks day. Took over 30 min to receive food!!  Will not be back.
This location has terrible service and questionable food.  My wife and I prefer the North Mesa location instead.  We have never been disappointed there.
Wish I could give this one star. I wasn't expecting much other than a sandwich/sub...unfortunately it was the most boring, limp and flavorless sub I think I've ever had. I'll definitely avoid Blimpies going forward in my travels.
Second tripwas better than the first.  Taco's are worth the trip.
I liked the wine.  The food was yummy.  But for the money, I want a better overall dining experience.  The talbes were tooooooo close together.\n\nps - for the ladies, the floors are slick tiles.  Take that into account when selecting the stilletos you're going  to wear here.
This is one of my favorite sushi places! Some of the best in town for sure. The only downfall is the restaurant is small & a little uncomfortable.
This restaurant is Permanently closed  !
Eh......for a suburb of metro phoenix it was excellent but i live in central phx where the food is freakin awesome, hard to compete.....perd\u00f3n.
I absolutely love this salon! The staff is awesome and Maggie did a great job cutting mine and my niece's hair!  My sister also got her hair colored by Kristen and it looked amazing!!
Wide variety and a very friendly staff!!! Also open 24-7 always a plus...
I love this place, always have...a fun place to hang out and see beautiful Lake Las Vegas. The staff is so friendly and courteous, the food is fab and you cannot miss with their delicious margaritas! Fantastic outdoor patio, warm and inviting indoor atmosphere!
Second time here. We stop after a movie night with friends. The food was tasty and the service excellent, the server came plenty of times to the table to make sure we were ok. Adding this place  to the list of future visits.
\"It's was pretty cool! There were gogo dancers!!!\"\n\nmy boyfriend seems to like it.
i would've given this place a higher rating...\nbut how come a chicken sandwich that would cost $3.99 elsewhere, cost $6.49 at this place?
Stopped by at 12:30pm on a Thursday and they were closed. No sign, no explanation. Was very disappointed because I've heard so many good things about this place.
I really love the happy hour. Living in Chicago we don't have the best happy hours the drinks were decent the cornbread was delicious and I really enjoyed the fish tacos. It is really packed at happy hour but other than that I would definitely go back if I am in the area.
Aww, too bad these guys went out of business.  I actually only went there one time, I live in Chandler, so it's just a little out of the way.  But I stopped through the drive-thru and thought if I lived near-by this would be my coffee place.  Whoever took my order that day was very friendly.
We were turned away because they said they were backed up with orders.   We said we would wait and they said they aren't taking nore orders.
Our bartender Arly was awesome. My husband and I always stop by here when we are in Vegas to have the hot and sour soup. It's delicious. The rest of the food is just ok. But it's always such a good time with the bartenders that we keep coming back for the drinks and soup!
been driving by this place for years - now I'm kicking myself for not trying it sooner...  hands down, the BEST sushi in Scottsdale!
I might try this restaurant again, because I love fresh pasta, but on my only visit, the lasagne apparently was placed under a heat lamp.  How else to explain the hard, dried first layer of pasta.  Otherwise, the dish was excellent, with delicious sauce and other layers of pasta much,much better.
Me gusto la atencion de esta tienda los empleados son muy amables y en todo momento me hicieron sentir como en casa.
Nothing different from any of the other IHOP's I've been to. The wait was average, the food was the same, and the customer service was good. \n\nAgain. Nothing different from any IHOP.
Worst customer service! Warning!!!Don't rent a car here! Seriously! Wasted my day in the line to get serve! Will mess up your plan for the day!
Nice Resort steakhouse. Food is good. I wouldn't rate this say on a Mastro's level although it seemed to be our waiter was trying to make us think we were there, but in general the place is just ok.
Always amazing, great food friendly atmosphere! Feels like your at a good friends houses for dinner. Cash only and no alcohol but no cork charge if you bring your own bottle.
Bathrooms are dingy, decent Jerky selection. \n\nWater and Gas are super expensive - tank up before you cross the desert.\n\nLots of dirty kids in the parking lot.. what's up with that?
I love this place. I'm new to the world of decorating and Dee is so kind and helpful! So much to choose from. The only downside is that it's so far from my location.
Great burgers drove from San Tan Valley since they moved. Miss having it so close. I will say, you have to wait along time but, it is worth it. Hire more staff and this could be awesome.
The new wing seems like it should be designed better from a Transportation Engineering and Logical point of View. makes me wonder if they had a lack of space to work with.
OK atmosphere, however, quite expensive.  Food is only mediocre.
Excellent. Get the salt & pepper squid and a cantonese lobster.
5 stars for the ambiance, 5 stars for the waiter and service.  Zero or minus stars for the vastly overpriced small portions of food that had no proper spicing or taste.  Our table of five agreed that the experience was \nNot ever going back to Lon's.
Lon's is a classic, old time Scottsdale with a great bar, and atmosphere. they really put effort into New Years Eve. Our group of 4 -20 something's and 2 parents had good food, good service and a good wine program. Always a stop whenever we come to Scottsdale.
Fish was fresh, restaurant is clean and prices are reasonable. Definitely would go back.
You can't get any better than this. Pho is amazing. Not made with any preservatives that other places. Huge amount of vegetables to go with. I haven't had their other dishes but if it's anything like the Pho you better believe it is good. Cheap and delicious. Do yourself a favor.
Good food.....\nOur waiter, Thomas was very friendly and attentive Will come again
We were here for a birthday party.  Our 2 year old had a great time on the different bounce houses.  They have a seperate area for toddlers that has a smaller bounce house.
Rudest nail tech ever. There are much better places than here. Also, cheaper with equal quality products. I have never had someone I paid for a service be so mean to me. Wtf? I should have just asked her to stop before she even really got started.
Stuffed French toast was great but house potatoes could be better (I prefer a hash potato with peppers and onions rather than a dusting of spices).  Service - thanks Jose - was quick even though the place remained jammed during our entire visit. My husband enjoyed his western burrito
Met Miss Anita and her kids this week when I stopped in to try the s'more pie. Such a sweet family, and as for the pie can I please have s'more? It was absolutely  perfect with a cold glass of milk!
I love indian food and this is gooood indian food. Love that you dont have to go to a formal restaurant to get it.
Worst.seats.ever. \n\nWe are avid movie-goers and this theater has, by far, the most uncomfortable movie seats anywhere in the valley. It totally ruins the movie-going experience when you can't get comfortable in the seats. We will absolutely NOT be back to this theater again.
My favorite sushi place in Las Vegas. I live in San Francisco and we don't have any all-you can eat sushi place. Every time I come to Vegas I have dinner here. Fresh, yummy, and fun.
Parking during high traffic times suck.  The engineer who planned the property didn't think that part thru well enough.
Place is always out of cotton candy ice cream! It's always a crying kid! It's the number one flavor they get 15 5 gallon containers every Thursday and by Monday are sold out! Get more if you sell that much! Place has no biz can't afford to give up sales
Not much to go off for a quick battery run.. I needed two watch batteries and the attendant didn't know how find the model number on the battery. I had to guide him along.  Also, the prices are higher here.  Found the same watch batteries at lower from $3 less.
Used their service for an emergency, was referred by Nissan. They were quick and polite! I was impressed by the service !
The club was ok. Music was not bad but there were 10 guys to every female. . . !!! Maybe cool place for couples. . . !!!
Excellent! Location, location, location! I'm  HGVC owner and really enjoyed this property!
great great cheeseburger. If you are a fan of french fries they will LOAD you up. the line might be long - but does move quick
Delicious food, great service and a real fireplace. Fresh bread served with appetizers. Solid place to go.
This place is funny!\n\nThey literally have a sign on the wall that says you can only sit and eat for a max of 20 mins!  So I hope you are hungry!!!
Not great. Spilled paint on my carpet, slow work and didn't clean up very well after job.
We are from out-of-town and we stayed in Madison for two days.  Captain Bill's was good, but pricey.  The view was great!   Best clam chowder ever, hands down!  Amazing chocolate moose type pie.   We'll return in the future!
It's hard 2 find a good Mexican Restaurant but I finally found 1. This little hole in the wall had one of the best GREEN pozole I've ever had. 4 sure going back to try the white pozole!
Yeah this place is fun. Very convenient to the strip. Nice people running it. Even more fun that it sounded beforehand.\nDig holes, pile tires, plow dirt. You have to try it. If you are not sure if you will like it or not, just go for it.
Wasnt blown away by this place however decent selection of wine and various grocery. A bit pricey but managed to find some goodies. They have prepared food as well that sure smelled good. I may come back
I had a really good Italian sausage with chili on top. I really enjoy the setting the restaurant is placed in. I had a side of sweet potato tater-tots which were delicious. Overall I really enjoyed the employes and the food.
The moules frites is the best  hands down. Great ambiance.
Always have great time here! The staff are super friendly and the food and drinks are delish! Sundays are great for half-off bottles of wine and their guacamole is a must. For lunch I'd recommend The Frenchy with their sweet potato fries. Yum!
I'm not digging it. Yes, the atmosphere might be fun, but the cupcakes weren't to my expectations. Dry \"cake\", generic/ processed frosting, and overall not a super good experience.
Food (pad thai) was too sweet and the portions certainly aren't generous. Their seafood dishes were ok, but a bit too salty. The prices and service are excellent, however.
I've been coming here for gel manicures the past couple years. Love it here. From the ease of getting an appointment to the great service, hard to go wrong. Tracy is my girl and you wolnt be disappointed. ;)
Slot machines, bars to wait for your flight, fast baggage service. There's usually a long taxi line, but I've learned my lesson and rented a town car for quick service.
Maybe I didn't come hungry enough?\nWe both could only eat 1 plate each and drank a little champagne.\nThe lobster tails and steak were good but nothing too extraordinary.\nPlus the dessert selection they had were not my favorite.\nI like Wicked Spoon better.
Shit on a shingle is great and brunch gets an A+ in my book. Chill, laid back atmosphere. I describe it to others as \"the bar in NoDa with no sign outside\".
Sheer coincidence that I'm writing a review for Cheba hut on 4-20. But where else should you go when you're blitzted out of your mind on 4-20 and you want a hot toasted sub? EXACTLY!!!
Highly recommend this place a bit expensive but great experience! I do have to say the show was slow pace meaning the girls came out to spread out its like the show starts and the next show is more than 30 minuets before the next performer they shows are to spread out but the girl do put on a great show!!!
overpriced and arrogant. they claim they specialize in repairing designer shoes giving them carte blanche to charge outrageous prices and return your shoes back with mediocre repair quality. despicable.
Not worth it, bad crowds, worse professors, and they don't know how to work a thermostat.
Great place for outdoor pickleball. Tennis courts have recently been remodeled as well as other aspects of the park. Swimming pool, outdoor basketball and volleyball (sand & hard court) are also available. Kind of a hood section of town, but haven't had any problems to date.
Best vegan, vegetarian and non-vegetarian cafe in Las Vegas period!!
I got a note from someone who works at the show. Apparently they have updated the show and removed all the video content. So, it might be better than when I went last. :)
For a chain, it sure is completely different than the location on S Eastern. The portions are smaller & the staff isn't as friendly... but i gave them 2 stars since our food came out really fast
fresh food as always !!!
Younger crowd, tables are priced high compared to some of the cheaper casinos nearby, but the women that go here are better looking.  The dealers are more stoic than some of the cheaper casinos and drink ladies are slow but the rooms are always nice, even the cheap ones, and the pool is filled with hard bodies at all times.
I feel bad giving these guys two stars and will go back a second time. My visit was possibly on a busy night for the staff and the slices may have sat for a bit...they were okay, but not great. I'll come back again...
Good, old school, Italian deli.  I had the Roma cold deli sandwich with imported prosciutto, very delicious! Fresh homemade bread with olive oil, very tasty!
i could see why this is a great & popular dive bar, but unfortunately for me and the crew, the bar was too crowded to make our way to order a drink. Also, too smokey to see across. Otherwise, on a slow night, i bet this place would be pretty rad.
my food had no flava.......& my lava cake was burnt!!!!
I like this location, but one thing they need to keep the music low inside so you can hear yourself talk with a group of individuals or phone calls.\n\nVery friendly staff.
Terrible. Waited over an hour and service was extremely bad. Not worth the wait. Go to MTO!!!
Don't eat here, go for the $8 slice of pizza down a little farther. No stars
Thank you Jenna for another amazing haircut!
Just okay. My chicken katsu was overcooked and oily.
Most of the food was good, but the prime new York strip was the worst prime steak I've ever had : tough and flavorless. Do not recommend.
BEST chicken pa-nang I have ever had!! Well done!
Cute little sandwich shop.  I had the roast beef sandwich with chips and an iced tea.  The sandwich had a ton of meat and tasted great on their fresh bread.
located inside Planet Hollywood casino.\nopen late hours.\nrestrooms available.\n\u00c0 la carte menu options.\ndelicious gourmet sandwiches - both cold & hot.\nchips and beverages sold separately.\n\nmy favorite, Caribbean jerk chicken.
Overrated. The place is very small maybe 4-5 tables. The service was not that good, not personable. The parking is horrendous.  To top it off the food wasnt that great. The sweet home alabama was not what I expected. Not much flavor in the different pasta dishes. Sad!
Longest wait times ever. Nobody is in the office and have been sitting here for 2 hours. Never again. Go somewhere else.
Worked with Sonoran studios on a professional profile video.  There are extremely professional, respectful of your time, and, most importantly, produce a great product.  They provided the video in several formats for use in a variety of outputs. I would use them again for my professional video needs.
Updating.. One of the assistant is really responsive, always answered my email questions within 15 mins. I like it. Thank you Krista for your good work!
Pretty good pan pizza but NOT good double dough crust. It's way too chewy and tough to eat. Not a bad environment overall but there are better options in town.
How about signage showing the hours of operation?  Groups of prior were standing there waiting for a while. Why not not have that digital sign read \"closed?\" Simple customer service...
Convenient location. Pork barbecue: Tasty. St. Louis ribs. Sauce: Tangy.
it was ok.. all i got was a pizza and salad, and it took forever, pizza wasnt that great salad was, ok...overall, get entree menus or nothing..
Average Renaissance. Distance to strip is not that great, so stay here for work, not to enjoy Vegas. Pros- good food (Bar has a great steak sandwich), friendly staff. Cons- Maintenance Issues (jammed door, no hot water in sink), and concierge lounge super crowded.
Probably the worst buffet I've been in, in a long time. Food is not that great and it's super expensive for what it is. Safe to say I won't be coming here anymore.
Cupcakes were dry and low on flavor. I prefer at least \"natural\" food, so the bright colors pretty much scared me. You'd think that even with all the artificiality these would be high on flavor, but lacked it.
Awesome! Just what my wife and I were looking for. We were in the mood for good old comfort food. Good size portions and fresh . Hostess very friendly and Anthony the waiter was great.
There marketing campaign is Great! They left a menu on my hotel room floor.  Ordered a pizza and it was OK. Ordered Chicken wings and they were good. My favorite part was the chicken tenders really good! we paid 30 bucks for the food it was  ok wait time for them to deliver to our hotel.
We got a great deal from Hotel Tonight to stay here for a weekend trip.\nThe front desk staff was wonderful, the restaurant had a great breakfast and the room was clean, updated and comfortable!\n\nWill definitely stay again\n\nP.S. No resort fee and about a 15 min drive to the strip.
would never suggest this office...EVER! Sat there for 3 hours with my new born in a dirty waiting room. \nFirst and last time I went here!
Pretty lame for a vegas bar.  I guess I was expecting more for my $20 cover.  And the $7 bud lights after your cover are unecessary.  The decor was alright but nothing I haven't seen before at home.
Been here before.. Great food. Saturday night, they closed at 10pm. Not 11:30pm.
Overall great experience!! We made reservations for Valentine's day and it was great service no wait!! Food prices were perfect the sushi and the chefs at the grill were fun. Better then benihanas by far in pricing and interaction with the customers! Def a must go if your in town!
Love their lunch specials! Especially the curry!
These guys can get just about anything you can imagine, and for a much better price than grocery stores.  Oh, and the customer service is excellent.
Great casual atmosphere. . Fantastc beers..all taps are local. Very friendly and professional staff!
Starwood platinum member with 30+ stays in last six months. Left early for event and told front desk that toilet not working and asked that it be fixed upon return. Upon return, toilet not remedied. Called front desk and instead of fixing issue threatened to be thrown out of hotel. By far, worst hotel experience of all time.
This store location is nice neat and clean. Way better than there Maryland location. Good selection for club and casual wear at great prices! There shoes are the best and comfy.  But just keep in mind a lot of there displays are the only size left in shoes.
Good wings. I liked how they were served on those plastic Chinese dishes. Burger wasn't that great but overall it was a nice place. Really friendly servers.
I give this place 2 stars. \n\nIt is an excellent buffet... For me to poop on.
There is no other way to see a movie !! Great dining and plush lounge seats ! Waiter  on hand ya baby
Beautiful hotel.  Gorgeous pool.  Nice room.  Very good service.  I could have done without the stripper perfume pumped in every air vent in the place, but hey, it's Vegas.\n\nCan't comment on the gambling as I don't gamble.  Everyone looked like they were happily losing their money though.
90 min waiting it's too long for someone has an appointment \nI wish I can give them 0 for customer service
CLOSED - Owners sold it and now it is a Thai Basil.
Great view with mediocre food. The service is hit or miss. Not much more to say about this place.
It appears Grandma's has moved to the SW corner of Country Club and Main St., in Mesa.  We will see if the space is as noisy now.  I wish them luck.
Great happy hour prices and decent food, but the service was very slow especially when the restaurant/bar wasn't even that busy.   The chips and salsa were good - liked trying 3 different salsas.  The street tacos, tortilla soup and quesadillas were pretty good as well.
I love going to PNC Park...it is such a nice ballpark!
Great food and beer but the worst service I have ever experienced. We were asked to move tables 3 times, the waitresses were switched on us 4 times. Took 25 min for our bill to come and the waitress brought us another tables bill. The manager offered to comp everything but we decided to pay and will never come back again.
Carne Asada plate is awesome with fresh chopped onions and cilantro with hand made tortillas... can't go wrong!\n\nDon't forget to bring cash!
The casino is clearly in need of an update. It's very old and out of date. The staff was not friendly at all and were pretty rude at the craps tables.
Just nothing that exciting. I'm not a beer person so this is mainly food related.
Horrible service. Mediocre food. Too expensive. Never coming here again, palace station oyster bar shits on this.
This club was awful. I was set up for my 21st birthday. He set is up at light the night before and it was amazing. Not even comparable to light. I will never go back and never recommend it. Before this experience MGM was my favorite hotel and I can say that changed my opinion of the entire hotel.
Food is good here, and the price is reasonable.\nI meet here a few times a month for a networking group I'm a part of.  The have a nice room in the back for large groups to meet.  Service and selection of always good.
Horrible customer service & a dry birthday cake.  Need I say more?
Got the chicken fajita pita, curly fries and two tacos... Food is always awesome, but not the healthiest... - 1 star for slow service.
Food was very good with nice size portions.  Wait staff did a great job and owner walked the floor checking and keeping things in order.
ugh\n\nI plead the fifth!
Love their Chop House Salad.  Some entrees can be too salty.  Overall, a fun place!
Location not closed. Sent feedback to yelp already. Had fun with a small group of Friends during public skating. Remember to bring long socks to save yourself from scrapes and cuts from the skates. Price was reasonable for the value. Check out their site for hours and bring quarters to rent lockers.
This hotel is definitely run down but it's also the cheapest hotel on the strip & was one of the first ones to be built. There's fun games for the kids on the lower floor. The service was fine. However, I would recommend staying somewhere towards the middle of the strip because this is far from everything else.
Highly recommend! The staff is kind and the food is phenomenal. The pulled pork is one of the best things I had during a month in Montreal. Also, try an empanada.  Any of them. Everything here is delicious!
Amazing hand tossed crust! The chicken cordon blue pizza is the absolute BEST! Glass Nickel is the one place I HAVE to visit EVERY time I am in Madison!
I would rate this restaurant higher if I could. The service is on point and the food is exceptional. The filet is the best I have ever had. And the signature spaghetti is even better the next day! Probably my favorite restaurant, perfect dining experience.  Beware.. You will crave it weeks to come.
Got to give a shout out to my favorite pizza delivery place. The pizza is good - cooked the way I order and the delivery people are friendly and fun! I order online from this location at least once a month - Great job guys! Thank you!
Excellent staff, super friendly, and very knowledgeable!
Beautiful and welcoming studio!  You must visit!!
We live walking distance and frequent the store. We have purchased all sorts of groceries and steaks and have always been delighted by the superior quality of food. As far as their coffee can't go wrong, when it's $.75 for a refill.  Definitely love this place!
Great office, went in on time, hygienist was professional, careful and explained everything. Dr. Song was fantastic.  Staff was courteous and pleasant.  thought the registration using a pad was ok, sometimes hard to negotiate and it would be difficult  for some.  Suggest a stylus to help.
This place is way better than The Street. The boba texture is closer to what I prefer and my almond milk tea was exceptionally creamy, something I've never had before in all the teahouses I tried in SF/LA/NYC. I have no idea why The Street gets better reviews, especially considering they are more expensive!
Great local mexican place if you're out and about in Gilbert, and their Taco Tuesday is the best I've found...
I'm not a picky eater and I normally don't write bad reviews but this place is a one star.  Terrible service, foods was really bad, the eggs weren't cooked properly and the crepe was very rubbery and dry. Do not recommend it
No gym. \n\nRoom wasn't clean. \n\nA lot of street noise. \n\nBut great location.
The long haired guy tried to tell me my bike didn't work (it does work) and that I needed an $80 tune-up for it to work again, I've been riding my bike all day with no problems!
amazing. the sea bass with miso and raw shrimp tempura were quite delectable. the only thing i kinda found sketchy about this place were the images on the projectors and tv.. great place overall though.
A must do on Thursday evening if you're a tourist. Tons of art galleries feature lots of Native American culture, sculptures, jewelry and some of the galleries have wine! Expensive- but a great way to appreciate art. If you're staying at a local hotel, find a golf cart driver. They work off tips!
terrible! every time I have to deal with these fools it is a nightmare! Something must be done about monopolies like this. Consumers need real choices!\nCox sucks it.
Steak fajitas and margaritas were solid. Next time we are getting one of those monster orders of nachos!
The pulled pork sliders are awesome! Decor is a little cheesy with the dog theme, but its fun.
Called on the phone to the meat department asking if southern packs were available.. drove 23 miles and no turkey necks and out of Turkey wings too. never again. One star for Faygo pop. Im soooooooo frustrated..
Pretty standard Chinese food.!!   Had the hot and sour soup as an appetizer, followed by \"double pleasure\" shrimp and scallops... Yum.!   Kiddo had wonton soup & enjoyed it-  I would be excited to have this in my 'hood...
Very good restaurant and staff. Low prices and moderate, sensible size portions. Veal chop was great.
First time coming to this location and the drive thru didn't speak English very well I couldn't understand anything she said . Then she wants to rush me and throws my change at me. Rude service
Just called at 9:45 to ask when they were open until. Woman said they were already closed but website says open until 10 pm. Really?? Obviously don't care about patronage...mexican is a dime a dozen in the new NEW Mexico...no thanks. Next!
love this place!  i bought 4 mini bundt cakes around the holidays to give to friends.  i tried the red velvet and it was amazing!!!!  it's not too sweet so you can actually eat more.  delish!!!
Vinniy was great. Food delicious.
Wow this place was awesome. Best Philly cheesesteaks I ever had. I understand why it was on food networks \"best thing I ever ate\"
Really creative food.  Outside of building is deceiving.  Cool murals painted on the walls.  Loved the 3 slider options with 5 choices of meat.  Chocolate stout cake was delicious.  Definitely will go back.
This place is so over rated, their sandwiches have no flavor and way too much mayo, and the eegee isn't good enough to go just for that.
Service good, a little pricey and the quality of the food wasn't what I expected. Don't think I will be heading back for seconds.
for all of you bitching about the wait - they just opened the second half of the space! now the wait is tolerable, if there even is one.
Tr\u00e8s bof d\u00e9\u00e7ue par les sandwich et soupes. Trop cher pour ce que cest. \u00c7a vaut pas le coup
Tried it for the first time over the weekend. Ordered 2 lunch specials & the portions were awesome. The food tasted decent but I felt that the sauces were a little too sweet in flavor. I'll order different dishes next time.
Thank goodness for Jeff!  Jeff came out at 8pm to fix another locksmith's mess.  He was very gracious and has restored my faith in customer service.  HIGHLY recommended.
I ordered a salad with chicken for lunch. When it came, it was hard to distinguish the tomatoes b/c they were so small and pale pink. Some of the lettuce was rotten. It took almost 30 minutes for our lunches to come out, and the place was not busy.
okay korean bbq. not enough options on their menu. I can cook my own meat. they cook for you but I can do it on my own. just bring my meat to me
Food was NOT good. Service was NOT good. Nothing about our experience at Smokey Bones was good. Next time we are in the area, we will try to find somewhere else to go. Don't waste a meal here.
One of the best restaurants in Las Vegas. NEVER a bad meal here. I was in Vegas in April and we dined here as usual and then again last week. We will be back in Vegas at least 3 more times in the summer and will dine here all 3 times. It's just that good!!
Delicious ice cream and charming little place. Snapper milkshake is the perfect blend of salty and sweet.
Love the fresh steamed broccoli and chicken at this place! The food is always piping hot and neatly packed up when I pick up my to-go order. Food is always ready fast.  The owners are sweethearts too :)
Quick, efficient, reasonable and honest.\n\nI don't even bother calling any other company for my a/c and heating problems.  They're THAT good.
They took the potato skins off the menu :(
Pretty good place for local food at a reasonable price. Like the korean chicken plate.
Reached out to corporate. They sent me a coupon. Wait is still ridiculously long.
Just a pleasant change.... good ice tea, chicken salad sandwich was very tasty ... If I were not watching the old tummy I would had an ice cream cone!
Nice clean and modern hotel. Free breakfast. Way off the strip. You can pay six bucks to take the monorail which is across the street if you want. \n\nNo casino. \n\nIf you are here for the convention center, than this place is great.
I loved this place. The food was amazing and the portions were perfect. The ambiance was good and the service impeccable. I would highly recomend this place to any of my friends or family. It is pricey though so make sure you're ready to shell out the dough or your corporate credit card.
This is by far my favorite Brewery in AZ. Food is good and I love the atmosphere and Beer is wonderfull!! What more can you ask for a Brewery! They serve good beer and you just enjoy!!!
I was very disappointed today to find out Venezias no longer serve the Empire State Pizza. I have been a regular customer for 4 years and that was my go to order. I always bragged and recommended Venezias to friends and family. Without the 10 topping Empire State its just another neighborhood joint.
the seating is weird. its a small room and  they blow a lot of smoke. I felt like a total perv sitting there with my boyfriend. I dont know why the Rio is promoting this as heavy as they are.
I love their pizza here and their ranch is home made. The only thing I would change is the girl who answers the phones is very rude but if your can get past that then this is a great place to eat.
Awesome bacon cheeseburger!!! The people at Rusty's treat you right all the time, day in and day out. I love this place!
Pure, purely sucks.  The drinks were overpriced and half of the club was roped off and outside was closed as well.
Avocado salad is to die for. The area outside near that part of the freeway does kind of have a funky smell though. Not the restaurant's fault, but it is unappetizing walking in to get sushi.
The outlaw burger is basically meatloaf on a bun but it has good flavor. It just didn't hold up that well when you try to eat it like a burger. The side of fries came out cold. This was the second time that my side item came out cold.
Excellent sushi!! I was pleasantly surprised!
I was told I should only write a review after a comparison with St Viateur, and then contrast them with NYC bagels.  I'm sorry to say Montreal, that while your bagels are good, and while they may have their place in this world... they are not NYC bagels.  Good try though.
Easy to schedule and they are the few shops that's open at weekends. \nTheir $50 special of oil change, tire rotation and wiper change is a good deal. Other than that it's pretty similar to other shops. \nLong wait sometimes. An hour wait for an oil change
Sandwiches are good, not great, and prices are a li'l on the high side.\nExtra points for being family owned and having better service than Capriotti's.\nMinus a point for the strict rules on the punch cards.
Great place for breakfast.  I especially like their French Toast...very fluffy and not too sweet.  Their ham is the better quality meat.  Each meal is very large portion.  Friendly staff.
Wanted to try a new breakfast place today.   Decided on US Egg and Im happy we did.  Place was clean, service was great, food was just what I was looking for.  Staff seemed to actually care about the experience they were creating.  Food not only tasted good, the presentation was nice as well.  We will be going back soon im sure.
Its a bit pricey but the dumplings and service are good.
Went here twice now and I was satisfied both times. I highly urge you to try the ropongi roll ... Mmmmm so good!
Kinda ghetto and not really much music in my genre's lately.  If you like a specific band, go, if not go elsewhere.
.9/5 stars - Would rather eat frozen pizza. The fact that they always give you 2 pizzas for the price of one tells you something.
Standard convenience store. Cashier was okay - not friendly, but not grumpy either. Decent gas prices.
Very \"trendy\" but overpriced place with just mediocre food with not-so-good service. Definitely overrated.  I was very disappointed.
This is where I take all friends and family visiting San Tan Valley, it has always been friendly, wonderful food and drinks. It is my too go place for sure.
This location: they take their time.  It's not wham-bam-thank you man like other joint locations. I like it
These guys are awesome! They knew exactly what the problem was and tackled it. We received a GREAT deal knowing we were college students.....I would recommend them to anyone. Great quality service with sincere customer service. Arizona Pest Squad are the people to call for ANY issues.
Great place for Chinese food.  Had moo shy beef and sweet& sour chicken.  Good crab puffs.  Great online ordering and discounts
Great neighborhood burger place. Burgers always taste fresh and juicy. Fries and onion rings are both delish. Patio is a great plus on nights that have good weather.
Disappointed. Got there at 8 so I wouldn't have a long wait. They opened 20 minutes late and I only went there for a cannoli and cheese cake and they didn't even have any.
Expensive and salty... Nothing was memorable kinda disappointed
My 12 year old daughter and I just returned from this location and we both got very sick.  She had the orange chicken and me the Pad Thai w chicken.  Gross
This is a great option to avoid the crazy crowds at Tempe Marketplace, plus it's only a couple more miles down the street. We visited with the kids on a Saturday night to see Toy Story 3 - No crowds, no lines, walked right in got some snacks, and great seats.
The best anywhere!  This place has atmosphere, great people, yummy coffee and tasty goods.
Fantastic and very friendly service.  They know all their customers and get things done quickly.  Really makes my shipping and receiving much easier.
If you are seeking quantity and not quality Marigold should be consideration. Potatoes were burned to a crisp and eggs were not cooked fully. Better choices in Madison
One of my favorite late nite snack. The oxtail soup reminds me of home taste. It is great to have a bowl in the cold winter day. The price is a bargain and it is definitely worth to try. Price meets its quality. Be sure to expect some queue before getting in.
Thought the place was closed by first looks but thankfully we went in! This place has amazing food, probably the best I've had in a bar/pub ever! To top of the amazing food they have over 50 beers to choose from and the environment is chill. Highly recommend and definitely going back!
Staff are slow and inattentive, store is a mess - but the sales are good and the styles are really nice.
We have been going there for over 40 yrs.   Last night our steaks were rare vs medium when we sent 1 of them back it still came back rare so we gave up. I had the filet and it was tough.  Actually the last several times we been they have been tough; for a $27 steak I expect better.
I paid $12.04 for a Coke and lunch combination of fried rice & jumbo shrimp. For that price, I'm satisfied. The food is good except for my rice being on the dry side. I like the atmosphere. Some Chinese instrumental music would be cool. When I come back, I will try the House Special.
We ordered Nachos that were pretty good.  And burgers after that.  The food was good, but it was a little expensive.\n\nThe Sports bar next to the restaurant is too crowded with insufficient seating.  I would go to the MGM Grand or Belagio for better sports bars.
Sad to see the lunch specials go however I will continue to come back. the garlic chicken is really good. Great curries. nice staff kinda has a family feel to it, hope it survives these hard times
Great dry cleaner -- quality work a friendly service.  Mike usually runs the counter and is very helpful.  The drive through is a big plus.
I'm guessing a little wait time is typical here, because the food here is really good.  Its worth the short wait.  Moderately priced and off the strip a few miles.  I had the Rellanos omelet and it was really good.  Great Service.
This ia a nice big airport with lots of restaurants! There's a lot of shops to choose from too! I like that it's spacey! It's very easy to navigate and they have those rolling walk ways which speeds you up to get to your gate! Great airport!
The food sucked! How can you get nachos wrong? It's probably a better place to drink. Not going back there again.
I stayed here on a Sunday night. The room was ok, but looked way nicer in the pictures. The walls were a little dirty and the heater was really loud. I might come back if I got a nicer room. I can't really complain for the price we paid using the Hotel Tonight app.
I've always enjoyed eating here. I've been coming to this location for about 10 years and the food has always been good and keeps me coming back. My favorites are their pizzas and original sandwiches. The price is about average compared to other sandwich shops but they have a unique flavor that's really enjoyable.
We went here twice in two days. The first day was amazing. Great food, great service, great prices. The second day not so much. Slow service, ok food (partially burnt), and a hair in the fries. Needless to say, we won't be going back for awhile unless I forget about that hair.
If you are looking for decor or ambiance, skip it. If you are looking for great sushi rolls, Korean dishes, excellent service, and free sake, this is the place.
This place is great! We sat at the bar and tried the Summer Wine flight. Summer Rain was my favorite. Super light and crisp. Very refreshing! I definitely recommend it for a hidden snack and delicious glass of wine. Their port is also supposed to be very good.
How do your run out of food.... Was looking forward to eating over here... But not anymore.
Reservation was incorrect and charges to credit card was incorrect.  After 2 hours of numerous call, waiting on hold and being passed around it finally got finished.\n\nHighly don't recommend.
The food at this place is shockingly overrated. Populated by a bunch of aging HOG members who like to pretend they are gangsters on Friday and Saturday nights. Nothing wrong with that but the food is honestly pretty bad. Fun atmosphere though which is the draw. It's really a great bar but a mediocre restaurant.
Good coffee & tea. A little loud on the radio and blenders constantly whirring... But good wifi and now that I know how to get there will use often...
The cigarette smoke is a killer and I hate covers, but this is a good place to dance and people watch.
Came here to check out this business after my sister recommended it and said she wanted Nachos! The workers are so friendly and the food is yummy and delicious! Come out and support this business! We will be back for more. :) Thank you!
The BEST Mexican food in Henderson and Las Vegas, Highly recommend this place for taste,quality and service.
The staff is rude.    Amenities dated.     Much Better options available.  Staff is Unwilling to help, especially the front desk.   Rooms are dirty.   Avoid.
I've hiked the Gateway trail off Thompson Peak now a couple of times.  It's not as tough as Camelback etc because it's not as steep.  Overall though it's fun and a decent workout if you push your pace.
Bring on the bombers they are .... Well the bomb!!!!
My husband was referred to Yonaka by a coworker. We decided to give it a try and was blown away! The flavored and textures were amazing! The pairing of fish with fruit was unbelievable. The service was on point. There was nothing for us to complain about.
Decent little dive bar.  Cash only so make sure to hit an ATM on the way.  CHEAP booze and yes there was a dog sleeping in the bar but didn't bother me much.\n\nIf you don't like dirty dive bars, don't go
Apparently the new management didnt work out so well...... This place is out of business.
Nothing impressive about the food. It all appeared to be frozen not fresh. The spicy mayo just seemed to be pink mayo, maybe a dash of hot sauce in it. Service was good but that's about it.
Went for dinner with another couple.  Thought the apps were small sized and average.  Liked the sushi, but thought a little pricey.
Stopped in the one by the C security checkpoint in between flights.  It was very busy, quite a long line.  My drink was fine, but the fruit and cheese thing I bought turned out to be growing fuzzy mold.  Would not stop here again.
The Happy Hour here is a yes. \nTheir Margarita's are pretty damn good and so was the appetizer I had, the tostada.\nI like that they have happy hour everyday unlike a lot of places which only have it on the weekdays.
I can't believe I've waited this long....simple, hearty, delicious.  This place is a winner.
Good food, great service. Nice little mom and pop style cafe. Nothing fancy, but then again does good food need to be fancy? I think not. I will definitely be back.
Yes, it's fast food but very good! I love the cheddar butter burger, fries and of course a concrete mixer! The only complaint about this location is they always mess something up with our order in the drive thru.
Great happy hour specials! They also do a special during the summer when the temp hits a certain point they give free chocolate or cheese fondue to they're facebook fans.
Very filthy floors trash overflowing restrooms filthy and the automatic light turns off to quickly. So go fast.  No seat covers in restroom. \nDOGNUT were ok but a not so favorable experience
Unpleasantly surprised by the mushiness of my pad Thai. I've never had bad pad Thai before. A little pricey (over $9) for such untasty food. Abrupt service, but it came out quickly and is convenient for study grub.
It's a step above fast food and the menu revolves around chicken tenders.  Service was great.  It took them a little longer to make our orders and they gave us a bunch of free food to make up for it.  Friendly place and good food.
Home made tortillas !
This McD's service sucks. I have been here numerous times and have had some sort of bad service every single time.
Great views over Edinburgh castle but that's about it. I'm only here because it's late on a Sunday and raining outside. There are so many independent cafes in Edinburgh with better coffee, cake & atmosphere there should be no excuses for going to Starbucks
Really cute place. Pho was fantastic.  Best spring rolls I've ever had.  Great service.  The waiter was training someone new, both of them did a lovely job.  I will definitely be back!
Great food! Not necessarily good for you, but great taste. Bbq & fried fish & Italian beef & more - owner is obviously from Chicago, lots of Chicago memorabilia - so lots of great tastes from there. Friendly little place too. Same lady at the front counter every time I've been there who's quite a character
have to book a seat. this place is fill with folks and that let me and also you know that the steaks are not just laying around. Buzzzzzzzzzz place great service. Have to try it all.
It's like someone took an Applebee's menu and changed the names to sound Scottish, and then arriving upon the realization of their terrible plan decided that mass amounts of cleavage would really do the trick. Ick.
By first look this place is amazing. But when you really start checking things out you see how expensive it is. They do have some cool things but the place is so jam packed it's impossible to see everything. I went in looking for a TV table & never was asked if I needed help or anything.
I've worked with Just-In Time for over 3 years. The company is a very reliable and affordable moving company. They are always on time, in range with their quotes and the quality of service they provide is beyond expectations. I recommend them exclusively to my clients, friends and family.
Good selection of Filipino entrees, desserts, and beverages.  Clean restaurant.   This is one of the Filipino places I eat, when I'm in town, when I need a break from the Vegas buffets,
I enjoy coming here for a movie or two on the weekdays.  It's not crowded, it's easy to access, and it's clean.  You can't ask for more.
If I could turn back time I would go back to before I made the decision to listen to my gut and stay away. This place is crawling with creepers. Stay away.
Large selection, great staff
Great service\nOverpriced corporate menu, but not surprised.  If your looking for something predictable you won't be disappointed. Although good flavor, $30 for veal Marsala should be more than 3 small pieces
This place has gone down hill in the past couple of years. Corporate has changed the quality of their pasta in order to save money. The only thing that really tasted good was the cheese bread. I haven't been back since.
This place is so amazing! I used to go to Terrible's but I would be sitting in the lobby for over 30 minutes. This place gets you in and out under 30 minutes. They've always been super friendly. This is my regular spot for oil changes
I thought that the kitchen was very clean. The food was good and fresh!!
The food is pretty standard and the parking immediately in front of this place stinks.  I've always had their salads and they are either a hit or miss.
Bed Bugs\n\nStayed here for a few nights. The room and bed seemed very clean for a motel. A/C worked fine. However the following week I my legs where covered in bed bug bites. So stay away.
Good Italian restaurant. Some of the best pizza around.
Great burger try the classic to start or build your own. Add the zucchini fries and try a Twinkie milkshake or one of their other great choices. Did I mention the awesome beer selection in the bottle and on tap as well?
It's ok.  Has all of your typical mall stores.  Helped me kill an evening while in Madison on business.  The food court isn't all that great.
Very slow service, 15 minutes for first glass of water, down hill from there, Food was so/so. Will not be going back here with all the other options. Maybe just a bad night was a Sunday but was not busy for the slow service.
Gigantic sandwiches. 9\" is a small here.  Good cheesesteak. Friendly service. Highway patrol eats here. Very reasonably priced for the portions they give you.
Omg!!! By far the best chocolate place!! Their hazelnut chocolate milk shake is to die for! A must try!!! Love the food here too!!!
After getting rescheduled to a week later we get there and was told that our appointment was a hour ago, when I clearly told her I needed the same time and was told no problem. Then I had to wait for over a hour to get in a get a CT scan long story short I had to pay the price for there schedule mistake!
Food was overpriced for its quality. When you proclaim that you are a premier BBQ restaurant you should deliver. \n\nThe brisket was fatty and disappointing. 6 small strips for $18 and the flavor of liquid smoke is all I could taste. \n\nVery disappointing.
The service was good (just ordered for pickup), but the pizza was really disappointing. And we are no picky pizza eaters. Dough didn't have any taste to it, and wasn't cooked evenly. Too greasy. Was not for us :(. Definitely overpriced for the product.
This place isn't good. Not sure how it averages 4 stars. Service not good, messed up orders, and slow. The food is way below average. I gave it a 1 start because that is the lowest I could give.
I've been here twice in the last month for Dim Sum.  Overall it's an ok place.  Their service suck.  Both times, we had to wait more than 5 mins before someone came over to get our drink order.
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and it was absolutely perfect. The atmosphere is very romantic, and each booth has high walls to make for a very private dinner. The waitress was very helpful and it was very hands on. The dessert was the BEST! I definitely recommend this place.
my stupid ass actually thought that this would be a summit trail because the name has \"peak\" in  it lol. this is a very nice trail and beautiful and probably one of the best and lowest prone to accidents if you wanna run through it, like most trails though it can get crowded and finding parking can be a pain in the ass
Best sushi I have had so far in the area.  I am still learning the ropes, but this is authentic stuff.  An authentic decor, authentic staff, and authentic sushi.  It was very very good and the rolls are creative.
Great event for a great cause! They had a lot vendors, good information, location was perfect!
Yup it was great food and great service.  I would totally go again.  WHOOOTTT
AMAZING specialty lattes and mochas (the baklava latte = WOW!). Largest selection of beans I have seen to date in a coffee shop. Didn't try the food but the laid back environment did not hinder service at all. Would definitely recommend.
Better visit 2nd time around. They're keeping the warm pulled pork/coleslaw sammie, now (was limited time). That's worth stopping in for, just that one! They've perfected it. The semi-sweet Hawaiian bun seals the deal. Yummay!
Great fast Mexican food in a great upscale atmosphere close to home!! Great service!! Great people!!
Just had the Ricotta and it was pretty good. The lady who served my meal was extremely friendly but the woman who wrung me up seemed to be annoyed by my presence. Don't think I will be coming back
I have been to Tangles many times and Alicia does an awesome job with a shampoo blow dry for me.  She's a doll!
So we called them for service and they said they cant do it because of the 10% discount on yelp!!! That they won't make any money! Why would you even put that on your page if you can't follow through with it. My advice dont call these people at all!!
Went here for my birthday and loved it. Thanks wifey! This place is pretty pricey but if you have the money, why not? Everything they serve is simply delicious.
good pizza  but not worth the wait.   Go there for the experience - expecting a long wait and plan on having a bottle of wine and relaxing with friends.   If all you want is pizza, there are plenty of other options
I like this place! The staff is nice, the location is clean and cute, and the food's good.
Fun little bar in a cool and improving neighborhood. I always seem to go on quiet nights but I recommend you try it out. Two floors of drinking heaven await. Stay away from the cucumber GT. the waiter lied to me, it's not good, at all.
When you get the simplest mexican foods to taste similar to cardboard, you are doing something quite wrong.  Perhaps, grease isn't a seasoning? \n\nPretty much the only thing going for this place is its location in the bottom of ASU's Cronkite School downtown.
I am so happy I discovered this place.  My husband and I stayed here Dec. 25 to the 28th and found the suite to be very comfortable.  It had all the amenities one could wish for.  I love that it is located so close to shopping and restaurants.  The breakfast every morning was a wonderful perk.  My husband and I will definitely be back!
Love this target store; always clean, never too crowded, and love the brands and products they offer.
By far the best buffet I've been to in Vegas.
Hated it.  Boring.  Wasn't funny at all.  I can't believe people pay to go see him.
Great service and food. The team at this location works well together and the energy is catching.  They are across from Arizona Mills Mall. Good location to eat.
Staff at this facility are outstanding. The online registration was convenient and easy to complete. Eliminated the stress of sitting in the facility trying to remember the information. Registration was simple..the nursing staff was very helpful and considerate. From check in to check out-  everyone was pleasant and professional.
Standard sushi place.  Perhaps a little above average for the middle of Wisconsin,  but a little below average in my book.  I'll be back though!
Normally I like breakfast at Cracker Barrel but this one In particular is not up to par! Gave this place two shots and will not be coming back. Terrible service and food. Drive to the arrowhead location for better food for some reason.
Amazing selection of tea and spices. I love the store and all it has to offer. The owner is super nice and extremely helpful. I love coming here and would recommend it to anyone.
Surprisingly the worst mexican food I've ever had. Even other Macayo's are light years better. Want some dry rice, hot/bland spices, and food that tastes like cardboard? This is your place.\n\nMore like a bar than a restaurant.
The omelet was perfectly cooked and, even harder to find,  the toast was crunchy.  Thanks to our waitress, Rita, everything was customized just as requested.
Great Pho! Actually hot like it's supposed to be (not like other local places where the beef doesn't even cook).
Has a some chairs out front so you can socialize under the hot summer sun. The employees are exceptionally friendly, particularly in the early hours of the morning when I typically grab a drink. Expect it to be moderately busy due to the location.
Currently eating my rare steak and brisket pho. Not gonna lie it's pretty good. Can't wait to try more off the menu. Service was good and quick.
This place is really cool. Great food and drinks. The room with the pool table is a pretty cool place to hangout
Love that they have Delirium on tap. Lexi is the best and always takes care of us on that beautiful patio.
Good food. \nFast service. \nWell priced. \nTenikia, our server, was super friendly and nice.
Terrible service, rude manager, mediocre food.  Do yourself a favor and go down a few stores to the Palm or even down the strip a little to McDonalds.  Anything would be better than this place.
Stopped in tonight, a Sunday, right at closing to get some crickets for our new family gecko. Surprisingly, they invited us in for a $1 sale after closing time. It's service like that that will bring us back and keep us from the big chains!
This is the coolest little coffee shop I've found, they always have cool art and they have a great menu and coffees, love it here.
Very nice cozy bar.. Perfect for GNO!!!\nService was amazing with Nikki. She described everything very well and held comfortable conversation. The place definitely encouraged conversation with soft music and comfy seating. Will be back!!
Excellent calazone.
Dark, loud and definitely not an ideal location. Mediocre dining options and an overall less than mediocre atmosphere. Went on a groupon deal and the front desk was great...got an upgraded room which was very nice. However, will not be returning to this hotel/casino again.
If you like steak and a nice relaxing atmosphere, this is a great place. I always enjoy the Prime Rib. Always great. I have been to 4 locations. 3 in British Columbia and this one in Phoenix, AZ. Never have been disappointed.
A typical Starbucks but STAY AWAY from all Starbucks on campus. For some reason they have the WORST service..
I guess it worked for us at 3 am in a drunken haze. Not to mention still part of our comp pkg at the orleans. Decent early morning breakfast the day we left as well.
Get a rewards card before you order and you can save $1 on each dish you order! I had seafood noodle soup and shrimp spring rolls. The dip was so yummy. I couldn't get enough of it. The noodle soup was delicious as well. Great dining experience.
I'm sorry but this pizza is not worth $15....plain and simple. Go spend your money somewhere else.
Ditto on my review of Rain and Playboy
Outdoor seating is gorgeous. Decent food, attentive staff. Business crowd.
Love!!! The staff is great. My car looks amazing. Worth the wait!! Thank you! Love my tint:) I opted in for the windshield tint- its clear- and love it!!!!!! Can't wait to get the covering on my bumper!
Definitely not the fanciest hotel in vegas, but it's fairly cheep. They offer quite a bit for the price,  but are still located on the strip. Good if you want the Vegas experience with breaking your pockets in comparison to other hotel casinos on the strip.
The food here is pretty good. The ingredients seem fresh. I would probably compare them to Quiznos (maybe a little better).\n\nThe service is average. The prices are a little higher than normal.\n\nI probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back. Just an average sub shop.
98 dudes VS 2 hookers. The pole dancers were having fun and entertaining. Seriously, it's a sausage fest and way too frickin' loud.
Just go for the tacos, a side of rice and beans, and make sure you try the sopapillas!
Drinks were good, service was good, and the food was as good as Mexican is going to get in the Pittsburgh area. Salsa needs some work and the tacos weren't great, but the tamales were surprisingly tasty. I'll def go back when I'm in town.
I've been to @sambalatte once and I effing love this place!  Great atmosphere, service and product!\n\nI stay nearby with some regularity and I am already looking forward to a return trip to this place.\n\nCool coffeehouse here!
Wow, this place went downhill after the HR wa sold. How can you ruin breakfast? I dunno, but you should ask these people. Gross.
I was a little slow in writing a review on this place. If I had done it a while back it would have likely been five stars. I only give it four now because the store manger changed and has lowered the bar a little. Still, as far as auto repair shops go this place has been well above average.
come for drinks only food is pathetic ,feels like they have microwaved frozen chicken n served
Horrible service, long wait, for mediocre pizza. Ownership relies on weekend crowd. Zero customer service. Unless you're in with the bouncer do not come here. Joe's is much better.
This is more like dungeons and dragons, it is so freaking dark in there. They have some good food, decent service. Nothing stands out just ok. The owner is a goof ball and trys to hit on every women in the place.
This place is a dump\nOverpriced drinks and lousy atmosphere.\nReminds me of a garage\nThis place will be out Of business in no time.\nDon't waste the gas money
We enjoyed our stay here. Only complaint is the noise level coming from the Hogs and Heifers bar until two o'clock in the morning. If loud noises bother you make sure to ask for a room that faces away from the bar.
It's good place. But the only thing the food don't have a lot of taste.
Don't get me wrong, the food is good here - it's just a bit expensive for 'decent' Mexican food, particularly when you're in the Southwest.  Service was great and the restaurant itself is a nice place to dine and have drinks but I think you can find better Mexican if you try.
Eh...lasagna didn't taste or look like lasagna. The soup was probably the best thing here but even then id give that 2 1/2 stars ...don't get the salad.
Ordered prime rib from counter. Would have been fine except guy wrapped up the au jus, napkins, and horseradish sauce with meat, THEN weighed it. At $29.99 a pound that sure was some expensive dips! They must make a pretty penny if this is common practice...
Had a groupon and had to try this place out. Jake was our server and he was excellent. We were very pleased, spouse had a ribeye, was a little fatty but good. I had king crab legs, good but I've had better. Cocktails were excellent too.
Great beer on tap. Great beer in bottles. Something new to discover for the craft beer aficionado. Great service.  The best bar in town.
Good was good and the service was also good. Pizza was ok. Burgers are good and the butter spice wings are fantastic.
Most authentic thai food we've had yet in Henderson or Vegas. Service very good. We will be back.
We were downtown and got a players card at the Four Queens, with that you received a 2-4-1 coupon at this cafe. We decided to try the prime rib, the salad dressing was great!  The service was friendly, I can say the whole meal was scrumptious and we had a great time!
A cool idea for sandwiches. Toasted, circular, and sealed. Fantastic service. Very friendly. Had an egg frittata sandwich with feta, bacon, ham, Parmesan cheese, roasted red peppers, and basil. It was really tasty, can't wait to try the lunch sandwiches.
Food sucks, service sucks, and the atmosphere sucks.  Wish yelp allowed negative stars.
The salad was great but from there it went down hill. Service wasn't very good and we went at 6 pm. They charge for refill on soda, really $60 steak and have to pay for refill. Steak had a bad taste to it. Semi warm.
Great food even better service a bit hard to find.  Across from the rusty spur.  Good food.
the place is ok. i got a horrible blowdry & style service from a couple of stylists except for one in particular, paula.\n\ni have been getting consistently good hair services from paula for a few mos now. i would recommend paula over the salon itself.
They have a basic menu that provided a foundation for the next 12 hours.  Friendly staff, moderately attentive.  We got our food to go because it was a bit noisy.
I walked into Mueller's today, starving, it was 315p, I asked what was their closing time.  3p.  But they graciously made a burger for me. That is way beyond the call of duty. Very nice.  And the burger was damn fine too.
We just left and we loved it! We were there celebrating our anniversary. It was romantic and the staff was helpful and friendly! The food was amazing and the wine even better! I couldn't pronounce a thing on the menu and everyone was still so accommodating. I have not one bad thing to say about our lovely evening.
Great pastries but was hoping for more \"french food\" options, a sandwich, a crepe......something.  Did i mention the pastries were great!
Amazing!  I ate their albondigas soup when I was sick and I felt much better. Tasty food, elegant decor, and personable service!
Still dreaming of the lobster gnocchi!!!   Delicious!   Service was excellent and we all received a complimentary glass of champaign with our dessert!  Excellent Italian food!!!
Best doughnuts in AZ! Super fresh, light, and fluffy. No other doughnut shop comes even close. Plus, they are very friendly and have great customer service.
The Tikka Masala is addicting and the cheese naan was good and fresh - gonna try the garlic naan next time. Everything was delicious!
Not with it
Stopped in for some drinks. Looked like your average sports bar, maybe a tad nicer.
More authentic than your typical strip-mall Thai joint but will not blow your mind if you enjoy dining at Lotus. Reasonable prices and friendly service make this your best bet for Thai cuisine in the southwest part of the valley.
Several terminals at this very large airport.  You could have to walk a while to get to a connecting gate.\n\nSecurity line at the main terminal is usually very long, but not at the smaller terminals.  TSA is monumentally slow at terminal 2.
I've been eating at Juns a couple of times a months for about 2 years. I just wanted to say the food has gotten better recently. I especially like the lean meat they use for their meat jun.
This park is great. My family loves visiting here and the kids enjoy the kids park, feeding the ducks and playing ball on the wide grass areas.
One of the worst customer service experience i had. I would rather drive miles next time i crave for a smoothie than being served by unhappy employee. I really regret coming to this place.
I keep falling for famous chef-branded restaurants. The service was great, but the food is overpriced and average. Also, there was an odd smell floating throughout our meal. We think it was a dirty rag used to clean nearby tables.
not too impressed. everything was fine but nothing was awesome or notable.
After coming here then experiencing some of the other foot spas in the city, this one has to be my favorite. I always seem to leave feeling looser and extremely relaxed.  The only thing I've seen another place do that I wish this one would incorporate is a cup of tea or water.
Good atmoshpere.  Prices were a little high considering it's mexican.  But the enchiladas were too salty and the guacamole was flavorless.  You guys ever heard of LIME?  Its not just for tequila shots!
Disappointed. I got the lunch special which is a good amount of food for the price. But the food wasnt worth it. It wasn't hot, barely even warm, the enchilada sauce was too thick, and I think they could try a little harder. I'm back to going to Rositas.
The array of selection is wonderful. Fresh, clean and tasty.
Incompetent, slow paced staff.
Used to be a saddle shop in 1886.  Now an Irish pub.  Enjoyed my Fish and Chips with a pint of Guinness.  As authentic an Irish pub you will find in Phoenix, Arizona. Very friendly and efficient staff.  Love the design - I don't feel like I am in a gimmicky chain restaurant.
Salut Rocks they have 1 dollar bottle of wine for happy hour! I had the Italian Panini it was so good and we also shared the Smores dessert OMG so wonderful! I would eat here again in a heart beat.  The atmosphere is comfortable and crowd is a friendly one.  Tempe has a little gem with this place!
Love this place. They carry many of the same clothes as the regular store. You can get great deals on special sales days. \n\nTrying on clothes is a breeze because the sales people always offer lots of options. You can leave with an entire outfit for most occasions at a discounted price.
very good! went for some buffalo wild wings but instead I ended up having some indian cuisine. Service was very good! The way to go is chicken curry, basmati rice, and garlic bread right out of the oven. \n\nNice small place.
fun to watch
Latte art!!! Need I say more? If Lawrence is in you can get lovely latte art. Oh, and the waffle is awesome. Just check out the photos on here. Those piles of fruit... That's the waffle!
The crab and lobster cake were great, lots of crab and big chunks of lobster.  Their steaks are not prime, but the dry aged delmonico with mushrooms was actually better then expected, a bit too salty though.  \n\nService was good.
Jeremy is back to do a service call but on the new house I live in. The Tune-up appointment was scheduled between Noon and 2pm and they called just before 11am to let me know they were on there way.
I have eaten here about 10 times. The service is great and the food is great too. The meatloaf sandwich is amazing.
Good selection of sushi and other dishes. Good for our party of 7. Used open table to book. I just thought it was a bit quiet inside. We went to party it up. Enjoy!
Nice and clean airport overall... enjoyable experience, except when you miss your flight and you're stuck there longer than expected.
Homemade chips with feta and hot sauce with a margarita. Wonderful.
Best pho I've had yet
So glad I yelped this place! We didn't have time to get an oil change before our road trip so we just found a place in Vegas. Super friendly, fast, and great pricing. Even gave my pup a treat
Great service and parts made of metal instead of plastic!  Not the selection of the big-box a mile and one-half away, but sometimes you need quality instead of choices.
This place just keeps getting worse each time I visit.  It's not authentic Mexican food at all, nor is it fresh.  Save your money and go somewhere else, unless you would just like a drink.  I do like the atmosphere here though.  However, the food is horrible.
Food awesome.  Service slow, but polite.  ALWAYS SLAMMED.  Be patient.  Cool SE Asian Hipster Crowd.
I love their cheese steaks!!!!! The pizza is good ...... you're able to see the games from any seat in the place and the owner is always present which shows his proud in his business I think
Food is pretty good here. We usually just get pizza and a salad. Ive heard the Serbian food is really good. The service is up and down. The beer selection is very good and the atmosphere is cool.
Very good. My husband ate the chicken burrito and I had fajitas.  The sides of rice and beans were excellent.  Ask for the jalape\u00f1o salsa.
Been here a few times.  While it has a nice view and it can be fun once inside, its not worth the lines and dealing with the poor service at the bar and incredibly rude doormen.  Found that Mix Lounge had a better view and better service.
I tried one of thier new breakfast sandwiches with gouda cheese and having never had it before, wasn't sure what to expect.  To my surprise it was better than I thought it might have been.  The store was slow so service was quick and pleasent.  No reason for me not to go there again.
great gym...lots of equipments.very clean..just wished they had a steam room, just a dry sauna...
Super casual, more like a lunch spot or a place for a quick dinner. The food was good (nothing special) (had chips and chicken fajitas) but the service was very personable and prompt.
Nothing negative about this place!
Crap service, they know its packed so they don't even try, I'd give it a zero star if I could.
Some great southern home cooked meals.  The Chicken fried steak is awesome and so is the chicken and dumplings.  Order the dead cowboy and get a good meal.  Great stuff.
Shelac polish started chipping in two days. Got them done Wednesday and they are chipping by Friday. Also, I can see the bumps and indenting on my nail from the damage she caused removing the polish.
Great service, generous portions...so far my favorite Japanese restaurant in Vegas!!
Incredible views, but not an impressive group of people there. The women looked slutty in their Vegas outfits, the men pathetically unchic, no game, no sex appeal. What can I say? I'm from NYC, where you see seriously beautiful and classy people.
Terrible
The buffet used to be really good. I used to love this buffet. I mean, its ok.
HOHO CHERRY HOUSE, not to be confused with a brothel, offers average food at cheap prices. Fast delivery and friendly staff. No matter what protein you pick it pretty much tastes the same.
It's a cheap buffet ($15/person for lunch), and compared to the other ones in Vegas, it's just... alright. You get what you pay for. We left pretty full. My favorite part was the dessert bar. They had a great selection, and it tasted pretty decent.
very good chinese food, need to know what to order
Had a quick take out lunch here. Food was good and ready in a matter of minutes.  I'll be back.
This is the cheapest place to stay on the strip, i dont consider circus circus or stratusphere the strip. It is alot of fun staying here.
Went through the drive-thru today-- got my friends the cod sandwich. Several hours later, one friend had digestive problems. I've gone there before without incident, but i'd double check to make sure the food is cooked enough. Perhaps nuke it for a minute in the microwave at home to be safe.
If you go here, I recommend paying cash, but if you must use plastic, especially debit, watch the transaction closely and definitely get your receipts. Also, check your statements if you often patronize the place. If you are not careful this character will bill you double.
I've been a Chase customer for nearly 20 years and have several accounts, both personal and business. Today for my business I tried to draw $1000 in ones and the branch was completely unaccommodating.  I expect money to be available to enable my business.  That was not the case today.
I love their roast beef sandwich. The couscous side is perfect as well. With a soda, it was less than $9! Can't beat that.
This airport doesn't have a lot of good food options, but would consider this place one of the better options if you have some time to kill.  Typical airport prices and okay bar food, but good service.
Just an update, just adding another star for the apology they gave us.....
Service was great.  The food was good.  I would go there again
The only Mexican place in the Pittsburgh area that has a section of the menu just for vegetarians! They offer bottomless chips and salsa and the portions are generous. I had the spinach quesadilla, which was great. \n\nThe place is huge so there is no issue for waiting.
Defiantly no where near an authentic Chicago dog. Grilled bun and jumbo dog cut in half. Won't be having another\n\nFries were good. Next time I'll try Italian bee and burger and see if those can save the place.
Nothing bad, nothing great, service good.\nWill return to try again to see if I have the same reaction.
I gave their carne asada burrito experience a try... Couldn't even finish half of it, because it was so gross.
I ordered the pasta with clam sauce, and I am 99.9% sure the clams came from a can.  Ick.  \n\nAll of the food was warm, not hot, and for some inexplicable reason our bread was wet.\n\nNot recommended if you enjoy good food.
We came here for lunch and had a good experience. The landscaping and the atmosphere are great. Very friendly service. \n\nI enjoyed my Italian turkey club, which came with good sweet potato fries. Would return if in the area again.
Been there twice for breakfast.  Great food, great wait staff, great atmosphere.   Will  go back many times.
My third attempt at getting my charges corrected has gone unanswered. Now they have charged me even more. I sent an email to corporate but no response in 24 hrs.
Not the best ever, but pretty decent stuff.  A slice for $2.50 in downtown? I'll be back.
The Julep is delicious and the giant orange is a Montreal icon, but apart from that, it is really just over-priced hot dogs and fries. A nice stop for a tourist, I guess. I would stop by to pick up a jug of orange juice but I pass on the rest.
Lots of space and seating.  Coffee changes weekly. It's a nice location close to old town.  And the room is really open - you definitely don't feel crowded in here.
Bomb food! Plain and simple! The pretzel with fondue is sooooo yummy and I love the chicken and Gorgonzola salad! Plus it's central to old town, walking distance from the clubs or the mall- major bonus
I liked this place although the food seems dry and it is halal. Although nice food for fish and fries were tasty.
It was amazing, I had a great time, especially on the bus. Joe, you Rock....Definitly will do it again when I return.
Hmm, wasn't quite a fan.  Perhaps it was the fact that my Reuben omelette was not altogether tasty and neither was my boyfriend's corned beef.  Still, I appreciate the ginormous portions and the cute setting.
Kind of crowded right now.
They took out the table games and like half the machines to make room for pool tables and beer pong. And guess what? No on was playing. It used to be a fun place to play compared to the stuffy mega casios now its boring.
This is decent, solid Chinese food. Nothing fancy, nothing to get too excited about, but a place we wouldn't mind eating at again. The food was tasty enough. The decor and drinks selection at the restaurant are nothing special, so I think we're more likely to get this as take-out next time around.
I absolutely hate the layout of the restaurant.  Unless you have more than 2 in your party, you are going to get a tiny, poorly placed table to try to eat at.  The food was very good, except burger being a little over cooked, but it was tough to enjoy at our table.
The quality of the food is like heaven. No joke. From the moment I tasted it to the time iam makomg the review (less than 2 weeks) i have ate here 4 times. Yes iam that addicted.
I had both of my dogs groomed and they shaved one of my kids belly so close it is now infected. NOT Happy!!!
Excellent food. Excellent service. Excellent ambiance.... I could drone on and on gushing to say more, but these few words sum up this place beautifully. I will most definitely return any time I come home to Vegas. Highly recommended!!!
As bookstores are closing, I hope B&N remains open.   A great place to browse around, but it can be pretty busy during summertime.  One thing I do not get is having a Starbucks inside the bookstore that do accept any gift cards.   It is still money.
I gave it one less star because the layout is kind of off. It is a great store but the entrances are so confusing and awkward. The cafe is the easiest entrance. The store is stuffed and difficult to get around all the nooks and crannies. It is a busy location.
Cute store with cute clothes. They had a lot of items on sale - good stuff like Rich & Skinny jeans to pretty blouses. Good range of price points. Nothing that I couldn't live without - but a place that I'd stop in every so often to see what they've got.
Nice little shaved ice cone, but 25 minutes for ice and syrup? Give me a break
Fat boys Pastrami  and Hawalian Boyger are awsome  cooked fresh  chencho fries are also great . Fat boy restaurant has something for every one  from pizzas,wings ,FINGERS ,boygers Philly steaks ,and boyrritos
Horrible.\nThe place smelled soo bad, had no choice but to walk right out! \nno wonder is always so empty...
Ok ... Good tasting meatballs, average salad ... nice to have 5 veggie mix in the rice along with some scrambled eggs but way too much black pepper IMO ... was it worth 10 bucks for a special with a cup of hot tea? ... a bit high
Solid Thai food ... great drinks ... super cozy space, great for catching up with friends ... very friendly staff ... def couldn't ask for more! Love this place.
We love partnering with HeartHook!    They have empowered our social media marketing and are the most forward thinking Phoenix Marketing Services organization we know.  Frank and his team have taken our social and digital marketing to new heights.  They are passionate, creative and responsible partners!
It's a Target. You know the drill. Clean, well stocked, good prices. I'm a regular.
I ate there for lunch and when I ordered the burger it came in five minutes.   On the way out saw the cook warming some pre cooked burgers on the grill.  If I wanted a pre cooked burger I could of just gone to McDonalds and it wouldn't have cost me 16 bucks,  I expected better.
Went in for a quick meeting over lunch.  The service was good the food was good Mexican food but nothing special.  The rice and beans were standard.  Great cheese on my burrito! Next time I'll have to try the tamales my colleague's chicken taco salad which looked yummy.
First time I had been here and well I'm hooked.  You have to venture back for their soup and sandwiches.  The bread bowl soups are excellent.  Go ahead give them a try you won't be disappointed.
Great pizza and ambiance. Worth the wait...?... I've had better.
Eggs, potatoes, bacon were all pretty good.  Oddly, biscuits and gravy were the least impressive part of the meal.  Not a bad meal, but a bit pricey for what it is.
Quarter chicken white with garlic new potatoes and mixed vegis. I get that meal at least once a week. Chicken is always cooked perfect with great flavor. Chocolate chip cookies are great too!  Staff at Alma/Ray are always friendly and give you a great smile at the drive thru.
I had a very enjoyable experience here! The pizza is delicious yet very affordable, and you can be in and out within thirty minutes so it makes for a great quick meal. Service was great and the workers very friendly and excited to have us. I will definitely be returning!
Food is only good after you have been drinking but good luck catching a buz when they charge four fifty per corona  apparently that is considered imported premium. Only good thing about this place is they leave the kitchen open until two A.M..
I was In & Out at this location. I've been to other Quest Diagnostics and usually there's a long wait. I'll be visiting this location from now on!
Went there tonight and it's closed by the health department for a fail on reinspection, GROSS
Very helpful staff, delicious chocolates!  I tried two of the French BonBons - you should too, you won't be disappointed.
well my husband loves it, but im not too big a fan. i tink they are severely overpriced.
Never coming back here again! Got charged 167 dollars for a meal that was 16 dollars. Had to call the bank since my account got overdrawn and didn't even get an apology. I used to come here all the time but they definitely lost my business for good.
This place is a bit unprofessional. We never get out order right. We use them as delivery most of the time. I usually venture to Anthem to get it right.
Is it worth $25 for a reclining seat, and a wait staff with  no call button? I don't know, but I keep coming back, because I like not having to fight my way over a row of screaming children and their plebeian parents just to get a darn cocktail! Waiter!!
I never made it in through the door here as the line was so long!  It seems like a nice cafe, but I wouldn't come here during peak tourist season (i.e., most of the summer).\n\nPlus, there's no wifi.
What can I say that I haven't already said?! Today I ordered the sweet pork salad and it was as good as the sweet pork taco. I recommend getting the costa vida club card if you plan on frequenting CV on a regular or semi-regular basis.
This place could easily be my 2nd home!  Great, cold (29 degree) beer, friendly staff and a man cave with huge tv's. oh yea... The food is good too. Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed.
Undrinkable coffee. Sorry to the hipster doofus crowd but the coffee is horrible. made the mistake of listening to others who suggested this place while taking some friends from Europe through the downtown redevelopment. None of us was willing to take a second sip, our first tasting so awful. Better to grab your coffee at Lux instead.
Best steak salad ever!!!!  Been searching for this and I found it!\n\nAmazing nachos as well! \n\nService is alright, for sure don't go to be wowed by that :)
Very solid sushi joint! Great special rolls, really nice cocktails and better than average sushi! Fast and super friendly staff sends out the food quickly and with a smile. Cant wait to return and check out their happy hour.
friendly service.  My order took a bit longer than expected but a sincere apology from supervisor made it all good!  Great egg sandwhiches and a very clean store.  Patio seating is AWESOME!
Just ok.
Every time that I have attempted to order here I have been told that they are out of chicken breasts for the day! Are you kidding me? Close this place down!
I came to Vegas and stayed at Bally's for my 30th birthday.  The room was all right; I've had better but they are centrally located on the strip so we were pretty much in walking distance to everything.  They have a small cafe/diner right next to their registration desk so that was a plus.
I ordered a Jack & Coke, ...they gave me a glass of flat Coke.  nuff said.
This place is good just not all that great. Hard to find parking and a very long wait for fast food quality items. Just because the restaurant is on a farm doesn't mean it is all organic or high quality. Mormon central thats for sure! so be prepared to be overwhelmed with large families and children running all over the place
nice hotel, friendly staff. the room and Bathroom are very clean. towels are fresh and as white as new. bed is comfortable. worth the price. they've got outdoor pool and spa tub. hotel was clean all around. they got gym inside as well.
On this visit we stopped in for drinks only.... we sat at the patio bar, and tried the auntie ox and smokey Pablo- both very outstanding drinks! Highly recommended! Can't wait to go back and try the food!
Almost like a wanna-be club.  Um... it's a sports bar.  Pick a genre people.\n\nService = terrible.  \n\nDrinks = good\n\nSpace = good
I have never seen such an unkept course.  I would not be writing this review if I had payed $10 to play here but they charged us $50!  The cart paths were rough, the grass was yellow, and the greens looked like a disease was growing on them.
If you don't have a reservation don't show up. They tell ya 45 mins and it turns into 2 hours. Not worth the wait when hunger.
This place is a classic. It's been unchanged for years. Every once in a while they will reprint it but it looks almost the same as it did 10 years ago. \n\n\nAwesome burritos. Amazing carne asada tacos. Chips are usually good. Really nice employees.
I have only been here once, for a friend's birthday. It was pretty good, I had a shrimp tempura roll. Not the very best I've ever had, the atmosphere was pretty lively. It was a good time, I would go back.
Excellent and made from scratch !!!!
Over-priced. Decent, but I've had better. They need to cook it longer so the cheese browns a bit and the crust is crispy not soft and bendable.
I had major spinal surgery here in February 2010. The care was wonderful, personalized care and very attentive floor and dietary staff.
Ahhh, Bar masa, food sucks, only very high expensive decoration. Had much better foods else where. No good,  not going to come back, over price but most importantly foods no good.
I have never had a bad experience here. I gave 4 stars because of the parking/bathroom/seating situation. Very minimal parking, bathroom is outside the business, and the seating inside is okay, but it's loud. \n\nThe food and coffee drinks are d'lish though!
This store is gone. I always found great deals here - sad to see it go!
This is hands down the best tire place! You can't beat the price and the guys that work here are honest! \nThis is a used tire place so you do pay a fraction of the price at those \"other\" tire places. I would come back here over and over again. Thanks East Valley Tire!
This is a great place to just chill whether it with friends or if you just failed an exam and you need a drank lol. They have great drink deals and good food too. I recommend trying the Irish nachos. They have different specials everyday too.
Great, fresh food and excellent service. They never disappoint. A perfect place to be a \"regular\". They always remember what we like to eat and serve with a smile.
Do you like overpaying for grody shoes that a hobo has worn for 8 years? Do you enjoy rubbing elbows with crusty hipster kids? Do you enjoy paying double the price of thrift store clothing, for clothes that most shelters would turn down? Come on over to Buffalo Exchange...
Brought old uggs for a Dye job. Logo was painted over. Was really upset he cleaned off dye on the spot. But why leave it like that so costumer can get upset and if it was that easy to clean off how long will it last on my boots
Best pizza in the valley. Handle this!
What a great deal! I would come back to get another haircut
only went here bc I was comped.  Club used to be \"it\" but now its a tourist trap without the hot people.  UG UG UG is all you see.  Sorry.
The selection of books on food, wine, and cooking is fabulous. I'm really impressed by this bookstore. I found things I had wanted for a long time, and found them easily -- this may be the best-organized used bookstore I've ever seen. I hope to return whenever I'm in Pittsburgh.
Terrible experience at this restaurant. Ordered a scotch that was double the price of the best restaurant in Pittsburgh. Hors d'oeuvres were also poor but expensive, have no idea how this place survives.\n\nCustomer service was pathetic.  We will never be coming back here again.
Very good and authentic.
We do a lot if pick up orders. They tell us 10 minutes and end up waiting another 20-25 minutes. My husband said he won't pick up any more orders for me.
everything taste like death and sugar...
My rating is based on the turkish delight alone. Which was OK. Better than most store bought, but still not a taste of turkey. Very nice variety of flavours. I'd recommend Ryad only if you have a craving, and not as a place for the best.
When I eat at vegan restaurants I often leave thinking I could have prepared the meal so much better but at Tedibertos I found myself pondering what in the world those flavor combinations were. Hands down some of the tastiest ever. Once they finish getting settled in and work out the kinks this place will be totally awesome.
One of the best deli's in Phoenix. Great food all around. Everyone is so nice and friendly, definitely worth a visit!
I guess you can't expect much from airport dining. If you HAVE to eat, this place is fine, I guess. Certainly nothing to brag about. It wasn't enjoyable or satisfying; it was just ... there.
I did email the Orleans with what happened. I did get a call today from a person investigating my email. He took some info and gave me a claim number that I will use to contact their risk management department. I asked for a refund, hopefully I will get it.
Lalaoux is an incredible if well known stop on the culinary tour of Montreal.  Traditional French everything.  Excellent food, elegant service, intimate space, and a very real and valuable sommelier all make a truly sensual dining experience.
Wow! Had to say that first as I just finished visiting here for the very first time. What an awesome lunch place! Healthy clean food with great price...and friendly staffs. What more can u ask for? So glad I found this place, thx for my fellow yelpers!
Think twice before going... if I could save just one person from the pain and aggravation both my mom and I have had from this dentist it would make me happy.  I saw another dentist today who said there was two things from this office I should report to the ADA!!
If your high school friends force you to stay in downtown Vegas, then this is the place. Decent rooms, fun pool and nice tables/poker. Crowd is definitely less attractive/hip than on the Strip but much cheaper overall.
Service is slow server needs lesson
I do photo shoots with brides all over Las Vegas, but the Neon Museum is still my all time favorite place to shoot. Epic!
Too expensive for what it is. \nEach ticket for a ride during the evening is almost $40. It was cool to experience, but it's definitely overpriced. I don't think I'll ever visit the High Roller again.
Double drive thru. Good service.
tasteless... salsa like tomato sauce. Albondigas lacked flavor. Enchiladas were like a quesadilla with tomato sauce. Unsual for this place. It used to be great. Not sure what happened. :(
It's okay. Better options around area though.
No longer serving food :/ and not a huge selection of smoothies...\n\nStill nice to take advantage of a smoothie after a VegasHot! class.
Overpriced, overcrowded, and over-hyped.  $2.25 for a king-sized candy bar??  Me thinks not.  I don't understand all the five star reviews.
I fuckin love JITB! Nubah tree extra cheese what!!
Brought a great working truck in, took a horribly driving truck out.
Normally great service and pizza. Today service was lacking, nothing more frustrating than an unpleasant and bordering on rude server.
Douchey, small, overpriced, overhyped. If you're out for some sort of exclusive fancy-pants dress-up Scottsdale club full of college age kids, go here. Dirtyscottsdale.com gets a lot of their pictures from here.
CLOSED!  \n\nAirpark Chrysler-Jeep was bought by another dealer and has been moved two miles west on Frank Lloyd Wright, near Right Toyota.
The food is not as good as you might think. Pizza is dry.  Managers are not friendly.
It was very very difficult to communicate with the waitress. I ordered nachos, which was only 4 chips - $11. Fajitas were better, but strip priced too. Service was poor. 2 stars only because the meat was tender. No salsa on nachos? Beans, meat and cheese. Ugh.
I love Talleys. This is what a neighborhood pub should be like. Good food, great drinks and very reasonable prices. Go see Emily on Saturday or Sunday mornings for an outstanding breakfast.
Love the Wellness smoothie and tofu fries! Pizza and all the burgers are good too! Hummus is a little too dry though.
It was a bit disappointing as I was expecting top notch napoletana pizza.  Crust was overly soggy and not nearly as good as I have had at Versace pizzerias.
Had dinner with the wife - I got the Bacon Burger. It was almost as much as one might expect from a $20 hamburger. The service was uncharacteristically spotty.
Yummy!!!!!   Parking was tough, but that's just the way it is in that neighborhood these days (lots of good restaurants in the ara.....).\n\nGood stuff!
I have been coming here for YEARS! they have great wings, cheap beer and a dive bar vibe that is easy to chill in. I'm a fan.
I desperately want to love this place but I don't.  It's expensive and kinda bland.  The space is a little on the nasty side too.  The red kool-aid and the corncake pancakes are really good.
Pretty much everything on the menu is good, but just do yourself a huge favor and order an Old Fashioned burger with a classic Wisconsin Old Fashioned or one of their many beers.  Yummmmmm
Did I call it or what?! It was only a matter of time before this place was closed down. Better luck at your next location.
If you choose this place, sit at the bar. Good place to watch sports. Menu finally revised and not so dark inside. Try it again if you were disappointed before.
Manager/owner is temperamental, argumentative, and rude.\nHappy to take your money but does not value her customers or customer service
Circular stairs - ugh! Gallery - really pretty. Dining room - ok (have you seen Hearst Castle in California?) Mary, Queen of Scots area - historically nice.
Worth the wait. \n\nVery long wait time to take our order, despite having plenty of staff. Burger was very good.
2 weeks ago they forgot part of delivery order.\nLast night a 25-35 min delivery time, ended up being 65 min. \nNo more.\nYou've lost this customer.
The parking lot is dumb. The lines are rediculous. Best time to go on a Wednesday when its raining
Noisy and overpriced.
The best chicken fried steak in town...  The decor is very old school grandma's house lol which is coo it adds to the experience...  Service was good even though our server had a full station..  So props to him.. I recommend this place
After living in China for 6 years, I never thought I would find authentic Chinese food once back in MTL. Kanbai is my home away from home:) try the Fish dish they are famous for, egg and tomatoes, sweet and sour pork ribs and any eggplant dish. Delicious.
Seriously unhealthy stuff.
This was horrible. I've never waited 20 minutes for a STUPID SANDWICH!!!! 2 dudes behind the counter and it was 25 minutes from the time i walked in til the time i walked out, not busy at all.
I just moved to the area and live near this park. I was actually surprised to find a little park right here in South Side. I love the river front trail. it's very quaint & peaceful here for it being South Side, lol. I'm very lucky to have this within walking distance.
Nice to place to hangout.  I couldn't find much on the menu that really excited me so I got the Turkey Pastrami.  The sandwich was huge and was fine.  They have really good drinks.  I also like the live music.
My wife and I wanted photos of our daughter, Yaer showed up prepared with all his gear ready to for action, he ended up getting some great shots. He even snapped some of our dog that we ended up choosing as well. We would definitely use him again!
Good food, good service.  Wait staff is friendly and fun.  Would like to make this our neighborhood go-to place.
Staff is friendly I ordered st tacos and mac cheese as a side. Reheated microwaved mac cheese please! I can get that at home and not pay $8. I don't get it. Location and staff is the only thing that saves this place. The only reason to go to this place is its close to home.
Great hot stone massage session from Michele.
Wish we could have made it thru the gridlock of parking. Tempe/Scottsdale have a hard time handling events. Should have been downtown and could have used light rail.
Great place veyr helpful staff without being invasive or pushy. Stopped by on impulse and walked out with some new gear.  Spoke with a very helpful guy named Darren i belive.  Great selectiin and great prices.  Will definatly be back.  You guys rock
Do not play any roullete, they dont haver a number board and even the dealer does not know what the last 2-3 numbers where
Inferior meats used on sandwitches, looked like they buy meats from.the dollar store,used to be a lot better,.cheap, lousy meats, waste of money, go elsewhere!
Isa's pizza has really good new york style pizza. They have both whole pizzas and pizza by the slice. They also have lunch specials. The garlic knots are also good. The staff is friendly and nice. I highly recommend  this local pizza place for yummy ny style pizza.
Not very scary.  Just a walking with some gory mannequins and a few people.  Otherwise not long enough and the wait to get in was tremendous.  Waiting almost thirty minutes.
I really HATE the line here. I waited almost TWO HOURS in line just to see what the fuss is about and to get a table. The food was okay. I've had better. I wouldn't come back here just because the line was soooo long!
Worst service ever. Walked in and the woman rolled her eyes at me. Lol I'm not sure what I did. It was pretty empty and very clean. Walked around looking for a item for a good 15 min and no help. It want busy at all. The salons looked clean there was no staff for walk ins.
Delicious food, great service, good music and environment, friendly staff and very reasonable prices! And the best mojitos in town!!
This is my go-to place for when I am in a hurry and have to take out something near my house.  I usually get the turkey, it is what you can expect from a chain.
Very expensive, but convenient... because this is the only place to get anything in Vdara.
Bad service and food wasn't good. Never dining here again. Food wasn't as good as last year. I order the sea bass it wasn't worth the $42.
I am Indian and have lived all over the world and appreciate excellent food when I taste it. This restaurant is truly authentic. Quality food in a nice ambiance.I would say one of  the best Indian restaurants in Scottsdale.\n\nWarning\" Spicy - order the mild.
Great vegetable egg friatitta in a skillet. Friendly wait staff & good food. Would definitely return.
Great hangout nice Pool area!
Normally I love this place,  but today not so much. Found a hair in my soup,  ewww blahhhh ,... missing condiments for the soup and sauces for the chicken !!
Definitely not a master at returning phone calls.
Great American sports bar. I had the proper ruben sandwich and it was delicious. Fries were a little bland but the onion rings are good. Nice setup for sports viewing.
Awesome spot. This is where we go to breakfast every morning when we're in town. The maserati omelet is the best. They serve a lot of food. My wife and I are able to split a plate and still full. The pancakes are worth a shot too.
Mmm Cheese Curds.  Cashew & Caramel Custard is good too.  Fast drive thru here.  Wish they had breakfast.  Or do they?
Ordered BBQ chicken sandwich, poutine and mac & cheese. For the amount we paid, the chicken sandwich was small, the poutine was not that good and the mac & cheese was a Velveeta ready-made dinner. \n\nDo not recommend.
This gallery has an explicit policy on their website that they will not entertain the art of any local artist.  I hope that the public will avoid them and instead go to galleries that allow Charlotte artists an opportunity to exhibit their work.
This place is always great and very consistent. Relaxing, dark vibe, interesting food selections and vegetarian-friendly. Best bloody mary I've ever had and I order them everywhere. One of the only places to eat at late at night in the near east.
Typical Starbucks layout, nothing unique.  Very friendly staff.  Seating is cramped during busy times.  Sometimes there are no tables available so then it's on to Cool Beans down the road.
Good, rich, body on espresso. Creme healthy and aftertaste kickin'. A good vibe, good hang. Time stops here.
The best place to watch hockey ever.\n\nMontreal fans are ridiculous. No matter who the Canadiens are playing, you can bet that every single seat will be occupied with screaming drunk fans cheering on their beloved Habs and yelling obscenities at the opposing team. Highly recommend regardless of your hockey interest or familiarity!
Food was good for the price. Live music on patio and Karokee inside on Friday night was a good time. Pizza and Chicken Marsala was very good, and the lobster ravioli was aslo tasty. Will definitely go back.
I was here on a Saturday night and it was definitely slower than it should be.. I really enjoyed my meal!! The waitress was sweet and the place was very clean. This is the only place I go for wings!
Food tastes good staff was nice i'll be back.
Great Thai food at a great price! Incredibly friendly service and super fast to get an order out. Would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone in the North Las Vegas area!
While the place was gorgeous and the service was excellent (great internal communication), the technicians were sub-par. Overall it was a relatively pleasant experience, but not for the price.
I had a wonderful experience! Robert Gordy helped me get the Mini that I have always dreamed of having and all the employees there were so nice and helpful! Thank you!!!
Karaoke every night!!!  I love to sing!  Yay!! The foods not bad either. Go see one of the great bartenders and ask for the shot special!  Mmmmmmm good:)  Definitely makes me sound better:)
Love this car wash.  The price is right, the service is always good and the vacums actually work (unusual for a car wash)
Food is terrific. Service is laid back but responsive. Definitely recommended. Would be 5 stars, but it's a bit spendy.
Exceptionally interesting, diverse selection - picked up some books I'd long been searching for, as well as unexpected gems from the sales shelf. Were I a local, I'd be heading down to Caliban whenever possible. Go get at those books!
Solid 4 star American/Mexican food.  The take out drive through is super convenient on those busy nights.  My favorites are the rod burro and the borracho burro.    The tacos are good too.
We believe the Italian food is the best here. Southern Italian is simple with just the right spices. The problem with other Southern Italian restaurants is they try to make it fancy and it don't work. This place is an authentic traditional Southern Italian Restaurant with great pastas, meatballs, and sauce.
This place is very good. Top notch food and service. \n\nThe bad thing is that its way over priced.
Gross, the shrimp aren't clean. The food is random and really poor quality. Small selection of food all around. My free wine was in a dirty glass.
The service was okay, but lacked any caring attitude at all!!  Half answered questions and the bonless wings all had nasty gristle in most bites, fried whole pickles, the only thing I enjoyed were the fries and my company!  I hope not to eat here again!
Plagued with customer service problems. Their accounting department must be one person, I swear. No way for departments to contact other departments. Employees left shrugging their shoulders often. A joke.
Great option for coffee in the area! They also serve food as well.
Went here for a girls trip, there were 5 of us. All but one of us got the mid day package. It was perfect.....hanging by the pool, in the hot tub while waiting for our next services. We even got to bring our own drinks! Had a blast. Thanks lamar spa
Atmosphere needs a little upgrade in order to attract a bit of a younger crowd but I really like the menu and patio seating.  Happy Hour is decent too.
My sister and I truly enjoyed our experience at the Buffet. There was a wide selection of food options to choose from, and the staff was very friendly :) Would definitely come  to the buffet again.
I was very disappointed in the service and the food. Meet up with a friend for lunch. It took them forever to get our drinks, then to take our order, by the time we got our food it was an hour and they were not busy. It was very greasy I had the chili rellano it was just awful.
Really disappointed in the event they had last night - for a $15.00 cover (that wasn't charged to everyone) and over-priced glasses of wine, it wasn't worth our time.
This is one of my favorite places in my new neighborhood! The bar tenders are always smiling and upbeat and the serving staff is prompt and friendly! I love the food and the margaritas!!! I will always call that my get away!
This has been my \"go to\" pizza for 12 years.  Was always dependable and fast.   However in the last year they have started making mistakes. So be careful and inspect your order before you leave or let the driver leave.
Amazing hair, even better service. Katy is\ntruly the best in the business. I have worn extension for years but this by far has been my best experience.
This place is dirty I feel like my food was recycled.  The service was bad. I asked for a lot of lemons they gave me two slices(dry slices) I had to clean my chopsticks and spoons.
Love hanging out in Nacho Daddy. Staff is great and love it when you just chill with a laptop and soak up the vibe. The Street Tacos are my favorite dish and never disappoint. Bonus points for Urinal Games in the Mensroom.
The food is decent, the service is better than your average Madison restaurant and the bathrooms were clean.  It is a bit out of our way but it is consistent enough to warrant more visits.
Just imagine a the taste of a hot chocolate drink but frozen..\n\nIt's okay but not going to spend $11(or $15 large) for this drink. \n\nBy the way, they have food, too.
This could actually be the worst restaurant I've ever been to. It's so shockingly bad.
I went to this store 3 times trying to purchase a necklace for my wife's birthday. Owner won't sell. Maybe because I'm not white ... she won't even hear out my offer. Will not be back.
I really like one of their managers who is here during the weekdays. He is very good at keeping the staff on their toes but I haven't seen him as recently as my last visit. The drive thru service is horrible with errors from ordering to inability to understanding the English language. This place has gone downhill.
Love this place! Today I tried the Honey Cilantro Carnitas sandwich and chicken enchilada chili and wOw the flavors!  Delicious! \nGreat customer service and chocolate covered strawberries with every meal.... not sure why I don't come here more often =)
We sat down and waited forever, no one even addressed us. It was not busy so there's no reason for them to have such horrible service. Don't go here!
Absolutely terrible service, food, and overall atmosphere. Couldn't ask for a worse location and experience. If I wanted a three-story failure I would've run into a burning building. Paying for roped off parking is also the most amazing idea.
over-rated, air-inflated garbage.
The food was okay. However, the service wasn't. Our waitress acted like we were not even their. She didn't check in at all. After a long wait she took our orders brought us our food and later brought us our checks. We had to ask for the desert menu and after we got desert she had to reprint our checks.
I like this place and love the whole store-credit thing or getting paid for your junk. I do not however, enjoy the prices for vinyls. You want me to spend $10+ on a 20+ year old heavy, used, piece of plastic? I'll get those elsewhere. I love the atmosphere though. Bring back the coffee shop!
Food was ok, nothing fantastic. The staff was really nice and helpful though.
This place is not there & the phone number is disconnected have not been there so the 1 star I had to put something
This is the legit shit. Serving up espresso that makes my people proud. Where the nonnos go for an espresso. That's a sign right there. Straight up, honest, like your nonna made it. Basically, the original hipsters right here. More like original coffee gangsters.
The only place I can get my kids to be quiet for 5 min! Brisket is good mmmmmk!
Super selection of yogurt/ toppings! Very fresh and yummy;) 1st=got everything I wanted& around$3
Great family owned water store! The specialty ice is awesome because its shaved ice, thrifty ice cream, and any flavors you want. I do the vanilla ice cream and hawaiian flavor, its so good.
nothing spectacular here... \n\nthe burgers itself were OK, a bit overpriced, and i think you pay for the ambiance.. which is quite cool.\n\nsweet potato fries weren't great, \n\na forgettable experience... try someplace else :(
Far too overpriced for a cupcake! No ty.
I miss Charlotte, though now when I go back, the fast food ain't so good on my stomach. Bojangle's  is always on the list when I go back to the QC. Definietely get the Bo Berry Biscuits and Bo-Tato rounds!! UMMM.....
Average place, slightly overpriced- would go back, but wouldn't seek it again.
Generous proportions, delicious macaroons, fresh salads. It's a little on the pricey end, but I left full and happy. I would highly recommend the egg salad sandwich (comes with mixed green salad or potato salad) and the caramel macaroons. Worth every penny!
The food was good for the price.  The service was not good at all.  The server, an older gentleman,  was more occupied with the football game instead of taking care of us.  Probably won't be back again.
There's plenty of space but the trampled dry grass always ends up a mess in my dogs hair. Also, people don't mind their dogs very well and allow their aggressive dogs to start trouble.
The WORST customer service I've ever had. Pretty much just a bunch of stoner kids that cant do simple math n throwing items at u when u ask for something
If u come here on grave until 7am ask for Joy...great server....having saimin and Portuguese Sausage and scramble eggs....of course with rice... ono after a night out.
I love the German cuisine. I really wanted to try this place. I never got that far. This place was pretty empty when we got there. We were seated and then...25 minutes later, we left. No waiters with any sense of urgency. Piss poor service and management.
One of the nicest grocery stores I have ever been to.  Only complaint are those prices...
Yum! This place has a great atmosphere for lounging. I loved the Teriyaki and they made really good Cozmos. They are a pricy, but I would recommend at least trying this place.
I love this place.  There was a time when I ate here twice a week.  The food is amazing and very true to its Gullah/Carolina roots of down-home, Southern cuisine.  Everything is fresh, delicious, and remarkably low-priced.
What a great place to go for Super Bowl Sunday. My dog got bit in the face and they fixed it sent me home before game was over any questions?
I do like the shrimp burrito and was happy they carried Jarritos Tamarindo, which is my favorite. The price makes this place and the quick service make this  a well made fast food place. As much as I liked it I didn't really love it and would just as easily go to Qdoba or Chipotle.
Avoid this place at all costs. It took them three attempts to get the clutch in my car before I gave up and went elsewhere. They also had my other car for over a month and kept lying to me about when the right part would arrive. These guys are worthless save your time and spend your money elsewhere.
Awesome.. simply best
absolutely refreshing place to eat at.. the staff had fun and worked as a team. food was great also!!
DON'T EVER fly with them. Not only do they nickel and dime you for EVERYTHING. i.e.: charge for carry on bags, charge for checked bags, charge for water, coffee, etc. They will cancel your flight without notice. I'd walk before I get on another Spirit flight.
Loved the show, loved the Retro Decor, loved the Beatles Store, didn't love the price of the beer or drinks but the rest of it made it all worth it. I hope I can see the show again on my next visit it was the best show I've seen.
Absolute worst Mexican food I have ever eaten, period. \n\nIt's like Mexican food for people who don't like Mexican food. Much of the food had little taste to it. I would rather eat Taco Bell, and I don't like Taco Bell.
No shower curtain and I have to pay $10 (non refundable) for a room key?\n\nWhomever made those poor managerial decisions must have wanted one-star Yelp reviews.
This particular Domino's Pizza is the location I use for delivery when I would like a pizza at home.  They are always prompt and very polite when they deliver, and the pizza is hot fresh and baked perfectly.
This place has dancers all over the casino floor, hot girls, not gonna lie. Unfortunately this place has very little blackjack, gets really loud (moreso than usual compared to other casinos).  But if you are into the club atmosphere on the casino floor then this is the place for you. This connects to the Hilton hotel as well.
= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =\n\nI'm a little sorry to see this Genghis Grill close, but I think YC's Mongolian Grill is more fun anyway and maybe this closing will help secure YC's Chandler location for the longer term.     :-)
Food was a great. Definitely recommend the Cracked Croissant!
Checked in Tuesday room wasn't ready was sent to another room for 2 hrs then placed in our room. During our stay we didn't receive any housekeeping not towels had trash overflowing! Called front desk took them 2 hrs to bring towels and empty trash! Not pleased with the service at all!
I love this place, I go there often.  I do however agree with a previous review...some of the employees are a bit uppity, cold and unfriendly.  So to the ladies that work there,  please be helpful and friendly to ALL customers. \n\nI'll be there this weekend.
So many good items the worst part about this place is deciding what to get lol hehe! :-)\n\nRemember your appetite ;)
Rude rude doorman! Horrible experience at Hakkasan. I've never been spoken to so disrespectfully in my life. How dare they treat anyone that way. Shameful. Wouldn't recommend if last club on earth. Don't bother.
This is a great, laid back find in Mesa. I had the best sandwich of my life! The theme is controversial, but done well. In addition to sandwiches, they do have salads and even kool-aid. Definitely an unique place!
Felt like I was eating in a Mall Restaurant.  Service was fine but food doesn't compare to any of the steak restaurants at the Venetian.
I was highly recommended by a friend to try this restaurant. I decided to give it a try yesterday, and was pleasantly surprised. I ordered egg fried rice, orange chicken, beef lo mein and chicken with snow peas. The food was delicious! I'm excited to have a good Chinese take-out restaurant near my house.
Don't waste your time here.  There's nothing special about this club. Overcrowded and when I was there, the DJ played terrible music! \nMy group and I stayed no more than an hour and a half and that was an hour and a half too long!
The check in process took way too long which caused us to miss the show. The show itself was fine, but not worth more than 10 dollars.
I took my cousin here to get her phone serviced. The greeter had no idea what he was doing. 20 minutes later we got some service but that was questionable as well.  Instead of replacing the phone they supposively fixed it but guess what......nope!
It was empty when I went.  Just flew into Phoenix and wanted a late meal (at some place that was still serving food).  I ordered the coconut chicken tenders and fries.  Amazing and creative!  I'd definitely go back.
Frozen chocolate-covered cheesecake on a stick with artificial strawberry swirls.  See you in October!
Had early dinner.  DBacks playoff game underway which drew everyone's attention.  Service was very food and food was great.
1st time there. I didn't appreciate being rushed. The staff had a nonchalant attitude. Get u in Get u out. Food is ok. Nothing special.
I went here for the first time today and the food was incredible. Had a Denver omelet with hash browns and home made cinnimon roll. It was a little pricey but the food was worth it to me. I would definitely go again and try the flavored pancakes, they looked amazing
4 words: can't stop won't stop.\n\nThis hidden gem will change your life. Awesome atmosphere, awesome servers, awesome music, we always BBQ our food and the Soju is legit. If you have group, rent out the Karaoke room.
Lunch buffet is a steal plus there curries are great and you can order spiceness on a star rating which is rare for an indian resturant.  Goat lamb chicken all great.
Litchfield and I-10 best Denny's in the valley. The staff there have their A game on all the time.
This was one of the best meals I've had in Scottsdale. The menu frequently changes based on what is seasonal. The wine pairings with the meal were amazing as well. A true culinary experience.
Yumm...its ok... fun place to hang out though.
Delicious!!! We are visiting from Georgia and have been trying local food away from the strip. We had the Drunken Noodles and the Cashew Nut w/chicken.  Neither were spicy, but the flavors were spot on! Ambiance is nice and the setup looks like they have live music.
Very good fish fry.
Average food at best that is extremely over priced. This was my first and last time here.
As we all know, spices are the spice of life, & these folks have it in spades! Huge variety, very friendly & helpful. Do your cooking a favor!
After passing by several times and hearing about the ice cream macrons I decided to go in today to try one with my daughter. Very nice, friendly service and the macarons were delicious!!! I will definitely be back to try their food and for more macaron ice cream sandwiches!
Good pizza, cheap grub when in Aria complex, when you want to save money for lunch or whatever. On the 3rd floor, above the Chadelier, right in front of you as come out of the escalator
Had my brand new CR-V tinted by the Mobile Tint Team. Kip showed up at my house on time and did an absolutely phenomal job. Not too mention that the price was the best out there as well. HIGHLY recommend these guys!!!
Rude service. Stale treats. Not going back.
Update: The SDX goes straight here. Before you had to take the Deuce then make a transfer. It's easy to come here now. Other than that not much change. It's outdoors so you will either feel hot or cold. A good place to check out.
I LOVE this hotel and the staff! When I come back to the Phoenix area, I will stay at the Hyatt Place again and again They have shuttle and will take you to Casino Arizona or to Main and Sycamore light rail and bus stop. \nI'm NOT a big fan of their breakfast!!
Excellent food - the nachos and cheese crisps are both amazing.  Margaritas are great too!  Fun restaurant, casual, perfect for appetizers and drinks!
Amazing food. Awesome owner. Just great everything. Love this place, and definitely plan on going back! :)
The BEST donuts Ive ever had. HUGE donuts that can be split between three people to equal average size donuts from other joints. The taste is delicious. I dont want to know why it taste so frikkin good.
Great casino and good food. I still prefer Bellagio.
Great white pizza! A huge slice of pizza that really hit the spot. The workers were very sweet and helpful. \n\nMy only two complaints were that the Parmesan cheese in the shakers was not very fresh and there was also a napkin shortage.
This place was very hip, almost like they market to the younger crowd. Staff was friendly but a little inappropriate at times. It was a little pricey for my liking, wouldn't be opposed to returning but not my favorite gel polish job.
Most people come here for the pizza but I love the ribs actually! They are very good. I don't really care for the deep dish but the thin crust is really good. Friendly staff and cool d\u00e9cor inside.
Honestly, this place sucks my left nut. Cheesesteaks and gyros are trash...l the deli sandwichs are not bad, a little light on the meat but still decent.
Nothing interesting there. Recommended for people that are into country and mature.
Close to work, I prefer their coffee over bucks.  Nice selection of soups, salads, and sandwiches for lunch.  The service is usually pretty quick but, can be backed up if you go right at noon...best to arrive 15 minutes early for lunch.
The tapas size is generally larger than those tapas restaurant that I have been too. Food was delicious. The mussel dish and padron peppers were two of my favorites. Definitely would like to come back when I am in town again.
Grade: C\n\nThis once classic now relies on its past. Been there. Done that.
They need to clean the place up. Front entrance and door filthy. Also the candle holders on the tables saw better days. Food was fine. Too spicy even though they toned it down. PFC on Superstition nicer.
Poor service. Food was nothing special. I don't plan on going back.
Chicken fried steak is delicious! The owner was very nice also. Top notch customer service. The eggs were the most surprising part. They were really really fluffy. Breakfast burrito was also pretty good but not as good as the steak.
Presentation is nice;\nFood was tasteless and cold;\nFood choices were ok - nothing jumps out; and to top it off, some of the servers are not the friendliest. \nIn my point of view, for $45, I expected more.  Overall, I'm disappointed and won't return.
AVACADO BLUE!! The deli is always delicious and makes Sammy's packed with meat and a menagerie of different flavors that mix perfectly. Never disappoints.
Ron was great! He was friendly, quick & was able to get my smog done in no time AND he even had a bowl of candy to pick from for my son! He also gave me the tip to check in to the DMV through text instead waiting in line .. Great attitude, quick & easy! A+++
I do not eat sushi but all the ladies I was with wanted it - I ordered the teriyaki chicken and a side of rice and a drink....the price was outrageous! ($52) The chicken was good but not that good!
Its been a while since ive been here. 40% of the stores are closed now. Its dead over there. Go to arrowhead if youre on the west side of phoenix.
Pretty good, but food wasn't very fresh. I kinda felt sick afterward...but it was a lot of choices...and good if you just want taste and not quality.
I came here for my first time and never again will I... I sat there for 10 minutes and still no service. Walked out and headed over to Sandbar next door where I know I get good service.
Best Black sesame Ice Cream! The owner family is always nice and warm and make us feel very welcomed.  All ice creams made fresh at the shop and all are super yum! Our Favorite Ice Cream Shop!!!
Horrible!! I waited inline for about 10 mins just for them to say the fryer was not working and I couldn't get what I wanted.  So why don't u have sold out on your menu outside. Super slow super disappointing!!!
Fish tacos are excellent. Burritos generous and full of flavor. Chips & guacamole are excellent as well. A regular stop.
Definitely one of the nicest BX's I've been too. Has a much larger variety of items over some of the others. Love this place, I can find pretty much anything I need and then some!
Superb service. Guys were so nice and the food delicious!!!  Definitely will go again!!!
Definite dive bar in Scottsdale, but fun all the same.  The regulars and the bartenders were great entertainment!  Cheap beer and good people watching...fun place for a Saturday afternoon!
Great place! I just moved to Henderson and I've tried a couple of places around before this place and so glad I found it! Good prices, clean snd friendly!
The food was pretty good but it was very clear that our server had her fav patrons.  We had to wait for pretty much everything for too long.
My favorite Brazilian restaurant! The food and salad bar is amazing! If you are a meat lover you will love this restaurant. You have to try there signature Brazilian cocktail!
Just ok.  Nothing to go out of your way for.  I had the chicken combo plate.  I was hoping to find the so called \"hole in the wall\" that is an undiscovered gem, but nothing but average.
I was skeptical about dining here cuz it seemed random n out of place in Harrahs but man was I WRONG WRONG WRONG!!! Amazing oysters great vibe excellent service I can't wait to go back in March!! A must stop if u like tasty seafood!!!
My Favorite Coffee Spot! \nSpacious, Free Wifi, Great coffee and service. You won't find better customer service then this Caribou Coffee.
Five Guys knows how to make a fresh burger.  Everything tastes great and fresh.  They are very generous on their fries too!  Their soda machine also kicks the butt of any soda machine you've seen.  Definitely check them out if you want a juicy, tasty and fresh burger!
OK for vegetarians as we have to survive off the side dishes. Great for non-veg folks, lot of options.
Great food an tons of it on the cheap. Drunk in Vegas? Best hang over food EVER!
I will agree that the food is good, but the service is so bad and the owner is so rude that it is not worth it.
Great cinnamon rolls,  coffee and green Chile omelet. service is friendly and quick. The restaurant is quaint and just what they call it, The Gilbert House. It's a 50s style home converted to a very nice local restaurant.
What a magical atmosphere.  It really is all about the environment with this place, with the jazz band and all the flowers on the walls, but the food was pretty good too.  The service was friendly, and I loved the blue sangria.
Stopped in this morning to grab a latte with my wife. We ordered butterscotch lattes that tasted like warn milk with a small hint of sweetness. Very little espresso, very little flavor. The place has a cool atmosphere, the food looks good, and it was busy, but we were disappointed in their lattes.
The first time I ate here it was a couple weeks after opening and the poor service and even worse food was going to be given another chance. That second chance many months after opening yielded the same ... probably the worst sushi I've ever had in my life and service that didn't help to make up for it at all!
I had some sushi. I had some sake. I had something with black truffle. Oh yeah, I had some seaweed salad too. Let me tell you, everything was delicious. That's all.
Great Burritos.. had a carne asada, and i told them what i wanted and they made it. very friendly and fast service. oh and if you like Salsa theirs is great.
Goodness all around
Great experience Casey Halloran  was my sales consultant. He was professional friendly and down to earth. No pressure and I left with a new Jeep :)
If you don't love YC's then we can't be friends.
4 star for 3 star price. The beds are really good and the staff is very friendly. Good place for short business stays.
A gas station that is always out of gas. Wth. Its like Mcdonalds being out of fries.\nThere are businesses nextdoor with hundreds of commercial vehicles that could give them a ton of business, but everyone refuses to go there for anything. So do I.
Great food! This is a must for any vegetarian int he area.
Decent place. Was in town on business travel and went to dinner with some co-workers. I enjoyed all of the rolls (we ordered 8 rolls for the table of 4) and the presentation was delightful.
HUGE sandwiches.  Two can easily share one plate.  Inexpensive for strip resort dining.
Food is great but service sucks. I have issues every time I go! That is why I will not go to this location again! If you're near the Lake Mead/Buffalo location save some money and visit In n Out down the road instead!
I went to an early morning yoga class yesterday and it was absolutely fantastic! I was greeted at the front gate and guided to the yoga studio. Cute studio space and very clean. Carrie's class was amazing! She is a great teacher and very knowledgeable! I am already looking forward to my next class at Inside the Bungalow!
I have been to that place for several times. And every time I really enjoy the service they give me. Plus the massage therapist is top-notch and professional.
Ghetto ghetto ghetto!!! I bout food stamps from someone selling them here though! That's the only good part..
They seem to be struggling from an identity crisis. It's called caffe Siena so you think coffee house but no...it's an Italian restaurant. After getting over the initial shock, the meal was mediocre at best.  Nothing really wowed us and we were really looking forward to our date night.
Sexy atmosphere. Yummy food. Great date spot...save room for the red velvet cake!
Food is okay. Extremely small portions. Waited an hour for a grilled cheese. Bouncer is a rude douche. Atmosphere is okay. Drinks over priced. Definitely not worth going to.
I wasn't pleased with the paint job, but I think that Kevin is probably the best cuticle-getter I've ever had! :)
pretty okay.I haven't had anything that I really think that was amazing.  average
Love this place. Awesome eats. Kick ass staff. Late night hours. Fabulous Tuesday night.
I was looking for a place to do a  good job on my husband uniforms because he is very picky. They have done a GREAT job every time and the customer service is wonderful. The young man that helps me always has a smile on his face.
Legit French bistro! Tina sandwhich was outstanding and the bakery goods are worth trying! Thank you!
Came here with the In-law family for a group dinner on a wedding weekend. Food was quite tasty and servings were just plain obnoxiously large. When I come back through, I'll make sure we make this a stop.
I have given this restaurant 3 chances. Every single time I have been disappointed with their service. Gratuity on parties of 6 or more makes these waiters really lack in their game. Come on guys, get it together.
It was OK. I had the pesto chicken panini. I think it is over priced for what it is.
I like this Super Walmart better than one in Avondale. It's bigger, cleaner and sanitize wipes are always at the entrance. And they carry my favorite Tazo tea and Girard's salad dressing.
Very bad Panda. Don't come here after 8 or the meat and broccoli will seem rotten. Always extra greasy and unsavory. Drive down to 59th if you must have it.
I thought I give this place a try since I was in the area. I had their breakfast omlette with ham on the patio outside the shop. The food was basically tasteless, enuff said.
Fast! Repaired three mangled pairs of glasses in under 10 minutes for under $20. Great service and super fast!
I never did get a response from the management on the horrible handling of the credit system being down.
amazing selection of frames,very friendly staff,great service, i will be back for my next pair of glasses
Meh. It's a Walmart. Nice clothes section, for a Walmart.\n The checkers are unusually pleasant here. I do like the deli section, they keep it loving, no standing idly while I wait.\n Picked up some cereal, they always have my special favorite.
Cheap food, every time I have gone they always have forgotten something I ordered, never came back to check on the table , and feels rushed . I feel kinda ripped off when I get small styrofoam cups for my drinks.
Every time I eat at Yard House, the food is just A-OK. Nothing to rave about, but nothing to really complain about either. They have a huge selection of drinks and food. The menu is large and diverse. Service is consistently A-OK as well.
Got ripped off on an in store pick up that I ordered online, received one action figure instead of a three pack, beware when ordering from toysrus.com and picking up at this location.
I have been going here sense I was a kid! They have the best food that is not comparable to anything else! It is a must try restaurant!! I always leave pleased :)
Bartender ignored us. Food is good here.
I loved it!!\nAll u can eat menu is extensive and food is delicious!!\nWill come back every time I'm in Vegas!\nPlace is a bit hidden and out of the way, but Totally Worth It!
Extremely modern technology and very impressed with the digital x-rays and cameras. The whole staff was very friendly and the care and professionalism was exceptional! I will continue with them and have referred them to friends and family.
Great and fun lunch place. We went there this week and got some Porkasms and a Barbeque shrimp sandwich. Yumm - daring but good flavor combinations. Great people working there - friendly, funny and quick. Don't mind the free lollipops they throw in your to-go bag :) We'll be back!
Go ahead kick yourself in the a$$ for not trying this place sooner there's no other place I e found yet in lv with the home spirit of service and great food
Made a point to drive out for Korean, and really glad we did. The Korean dishes were authentic and very well done. Prices were quite reasonable, too.
This is a great budget hotel. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. You are away from the craziness of the strip. But a short 5 minute drive and you are back in it. The hotel amenities are a big plus.
Poor taste!  We love this place but the male bartender is wearing a U of A hat while ASU playing, not Tucson. Poor choice for sales.
Yea no thanks. Of the buffets I tried on my trip this was the worst. Basically tasted like they went to Costco to buy the food then threw it on the buffet. They have stations where they do some MTO food which sounds neat, but it must means long lines.
Visited this place last night. I love supporting local businesses and these folks have decent pizza. I called ahead about an hour and the pie was fresh and hot when I got there from work. I'll be back!
Yes I know this was on Food Network but it is well deserved.  Been here twice in only 2 wks visiting Charlotte.  The fried pickles are great and the burgers are great as well.  The staff both times have been extremely friendly and nice.
The stadium itself is nothing special, but it gets the job done.\n\nLike other reviewers have wrote, its the people, the tailgating, and the Steelers of course that make the experience so well worth it.
It is a great experience to bring kids to see and look At all the big fish, I would love to see them clean it some time, it would be a cool experience
Pretty good option for lunch buffet (with the buffet pass).
You can't beat the prices here, but the place is always crowded. And the service was just AWFUL
The food was great the service smh not so great maybe they were having a bad day but I would eat there again
Customer service is getting WORSE. So many staff, yet they can't stop texting to wait on more than one person at a time . SAD.
Such a cute place. Went with my dad for lunch and the service was great, the food was decent and the desert was out of this world! Good place for a meal with parents, date or something where classy and tidy are desired.
These guys are fast and friendly. Although it's kinda pricey compared to their other competition sometimes I don't mind spending the money for my car. Demitirus the service guy is great and friendly, also not pushy, but honest as well. Will be coming back. Price paid $68 for full synthetic.
12 Year old Scottish Whiskey for \u00a33 on the Royal Mile , a great cruising patio out front, and super nice bar help that enjoys chatting about the various blends available.\n\nI'll be back to try the 18 year old whiskeys next time around...
I bought a little two piece box of truffles for my man while I was over in this area. It is a cute little shop that smells really good inside. They have a lot of variety and I think they also offer coffee.
Good tasting burgers, decent sweet potato fries, and awesome fountain choices (cane sweetened colas). A little overpriced. Wasn't a fan of the $5 milkshake and the manager/owner gave me attitude. Come on now, $5 milkshakes better be worth it!
It was good, not great, the wafflewich was very good. The hours make it hard to get to this location. If your in the area try it, but I wouldn't go out of the way to try it.
It is what it is - a bus station. Here you can get you cheap buses to the rest of Scotland or even to London. At night early morning not a nice place. Always drafty - but clean! Several lockers and some snack machines. \nThis is about buses and you can get them here.
Really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was good but don't order a side of beans...not very good and weren't worth the money.  Wait staff was great and food came out quickly. Would definitely go back.
I eat here for breakfast regularly.  The place is small and homey and the service friendly.  The breakfast is wonderful!  There are other restaurants with the same name, I wonder if some of the bad reviews are actually not about the restaurant on Craig by Food 4 Less.
Great groceries and fantastic service, keep it up.
Some of the best tacos I've ever had. It's like being transported to Mexico when you take that first bite. The spicy pork tacos are so delicious. Wouldn't have ever expected tacos this good when I first saw the joint. A true gem in Vegas.
Great steak, friendly service and good atmosphere! What more can you ask for?
I love this place - I think everyone working there is super nice - they always remember me as the girl who was stalking the super cute white couch (posting picture) - which I totally had to buy after lusting over it for at least a month - :)
Yummy place to satisfy any Pho craving!  Got the pork vermicelli bowl with egg rolls, super yummy combination! Also try the lettuce wraps, super light and delish!
No clothes here yet, no need to go in!  \n\njust home and furniture, waste of what it could be!
Indie pizza places always warm my heart\nTables outside on an alley remind me of Paris\nBut I know I'm in America because the soda has free refills
Really overpriced, 6 or 7$ for 4 gyozas made of beans. Took over an hour to be seated even with a reservation. Ran out of 2 of our dishes and didn't even bother to tell us. Took over 50 minutes to bring our food.
I took two family members with me.  We ordered steak subs, soda and split one order of fries.  About $38...everyone was dissatisfied with price and steak sandwich.  We won't be returning.
I've lived in this community for close to two years now, and all was fine, but recently, a bad element has been allowed to take over, and its only getting worse. Time to move out of the ghetto, and into a quiet well managed community.
My wife took me there for my birthday.  Service was horrible!  We had to wait 15 minutes for a waiter to acknowledge us and a total of 40 minutes before we received our salad and soup.  The manager was just as poor as the waiter.  They both gave us different stories for the delays.  Will NEVER eat there again.  Food was average.
Convenient including basic's from condiments ,greeting cards, lottery .e.t.c... Primo deli severd with lots of luv & laughter. :)
For some reason this location isn't as good as the rest. The dining is always dirty and the patio looks like crap.
This is a great authenticate Mexican food restaurant. The food is good but the place is a little run but overall a god eat!
$4 for one sasapop? I'm hard pressed to see how this can be justified. I get that's it's all natural ingredients, but seriously, that's a bit overpriced. They are good, but again. Too much.
My 2 year old loves this place. Everyday she asks me to take her here.  After our 3rd trip there I decided to get the 10 day pass for $40. Good place for children to burn up energy
Nice Pub ambiance and very nice people that really care. I happened upon this place late at night when everything else was closing. The grill had already closed here, but they went out of their way to find me something to eat and it was very good.
The Rio is large, clean, the staff is friendly, it's away from the strip and best of all our room was only $27 a night! We came here for Christmas and the Rio was by far the cheapest. My only complaint is the $40 a day resort fee.... That's crap.
Tourist trap. Deafening din, drunken patrons, disappointing food.
Better than Five Guys Burgers.
Tried to order pizza at 820.  I was told, \"They were done for the night\".  I won't bother again.  A pizza place that doesn't stay open in Las Vegas.  Please!
This place was pretty awesome! We went at about 3 pm on a Wednesday, not busy at all. Not sure about the night life but for food and some drinks my husband & I really enjoyed it! I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas!
everyone is super nice here. wait is never too long. \n\ntwo gripes.\n\n1.) had commercials for e-cigarettes on the tv.\n2.) they never seem to send my x-rays or mri scans when they say they will to my doctors...
So the place is beautiful, the sushi is nice and all, but... My husband's rolls arrives after 40-50 LONG MINUTES! And he went for the \"all you can eat\" menu... What's that all about?!
General tso's chicken... was bad... just bad... too soy saucy... it needs more tanginess... It didn't taste the way that it should be... \n\nI am never going to order their General tso ever again. Never ever whatsoever!
Love sushi so I decided to try this place out. Sad to say it was definitely disappointing and a waste of money. Yuck.
nice small and intimate...but the menu is a bit too small and intimate.  I prefer the original with 1 \"f\" in tempe.  great service, but the menu just holds it back a little.  just needs a bit more meat on its bones!  good for a pre-dinner drink!
me and my family love eating out here,  excess amounts of delicious foods!!   we love coming here esp. on breakfast.
Go. Put on a shirt you don't like and go. Bags of steaming shellfish, buttered with a thick layer of garlic. You will be licking your fingers for hours
I've visited this location a few times and although I have had good customer service, the staff always seems very disorganized and the chicken is always overcooked and dry. 3 times and the same issues occur, which is enough for me not to visit this location again.
Deep flavour, not at all greasy, just fanastic food. Very nice/good service (patient, even with a group of knackered drunken-but-not-rowdy designers), inexpensive, and BYO. What's not to like?
I get the idea.\nMeant to feel like Germany.\nCrowded and bad beer.
I rented from them for a year and asked for my deposit back.  They have me the run around and a year later still have not returned my money.  They kept saying.  It is in the mail.
The food was good, nothing too surprising. Portions are big, worth the money.
Huge portions which is good cuz everything is pretty pricey. Food was good although high caloric. Service was slow. We wanted to grab something on the go and it took about 40 minutes from walk up to walk away.
This is the best Thai restaurant in LV!! I used to live in Bangkok for three years. So this restaurant has genuine Thai foods. Actually I really love here because waitress is so friendly and kind and nice,they are always smiling brightly also. If I've the chance,I'd like to go to eat everyday:)
I have been frequenting 32 Shea for years. Each and every time is a wonderful experience. Today I asked if they had any gluten free bread. Low and behold they started offering it today and it was goooooood! I love their tuna salad and now I have the option of tuna salad too!
Fun place with nice bartenders. The owners often treat everyone to free food. The Christmas decor is fantastic. BUT ..... now Bob won't be there anymore due to a terrible tragedy. SO very sad. God bless you Beth. Praying for you
Worst doctors office ever. Be prepared for a long wait even if you arrive on time for your appointment. I arrived at 1:00 and was seen at 3 pm ridiculous. The front desk doesn't seem to know what they're doing and are very rude and they are very disorganized I don't recommend anyone visit here.
Chances are if you're eating here you're not looking for 5 star cuisine. You're hungry, lazy, and just want to get your food quickly and get out. If that's you, this place is what you're looking for.
Went here on Saturday night with my husband and his friends and it was OK, nothing amazing, the food was ehhhh but they have good mozzarella sticks, there are TVs everywhere so if you are a sports buff(as I am not) then this would be a place for you, not my scene.
I think its dumpling is alright~ although different than I expected, still thumb up for it. But the dumpling wrap is too thick, the filling is ok
the food was cold including the soup,fries.  the brisket was dry and the service was awful.  The ruben was awful.
Not impressed at ALL . This place is so overrated  Don't order the appetizers !
Well not very good at all
As far as a place to meet friends, hang out, and play pool or darts, it's great.  Haven't had food here.
Its Cheesecake Factory....been to one, you've been to them all.
Love the workers and the owner is always available and friendly.  We are return customers.
This Safeway always has vagrants out front. Very sketchy and somewhat dangerous. My wife and I were threatened with a knife while waking to our car in the parking lot. I would advise anyone and everyone to avoid this Safeway at all cost.
They have the best story time on Wednesdays at 10 am with Mr. Eaton. He is fabulous!
The place was really nice and the terrace was a hot spot. The hookah was ok nothing serious and the service was not the best! Other then that they would've probably gotten 4 or 5 stars. I would give this place another chance if I'm in town...
The food was good but when you order sopes it should always come with crema mexicana.  Service was friendly food was out quick, I like that especially when I'm on my lunch.  I'll come back again.
Great Italian food in Las Vegas. Never been disappointed here
Yummy food and friendly service. Good value. For your first time, bbq sampler is a good option, but the ribs are the best.
Ehh. Don't get a mixed drink, they use way more juice than alcohol. Food was so-so. Basic bar food. Nothing special. If I wasn't so hungry and it wasn't so cold out, I would have looked harder for a place to eat. Service was kind of slow. Loud pop music.
Extremely slow service. We waited nearly ten minutes before I had to ask for a manager because  no one came to our table.  They were busy, but someone should have at least acknowledge us.  I will likely not come back.
not worth the price.\nThe Spa is great and quiet, but rooms are just ok and a distance from the pool casino, etc.\nWill stay in Mandalay Bay next time
Nothing special.  A bit overpriced for what you are getting, but what do you expect at a restaurant on the strip?\n\nTater tots were okay, but I've had better.  Beet salad was a winner.
The theater was very small.  Screen was small.  Sound was OK.  Seats were fine (they rock a bit).  Like all Harkins they have seasoning for your popcorn.\n\nBut this would not be my first choice for a theater.
Great cheese curds! The service was great. Lots of vegetarian options! It was a tad spicy for my taste but that's because I'm a wimp. But I would go back.
Fantastic!!  I enjoyed the Greek Combo immensely!!  Served with soup or salad, lunch for two of us (both had combo) was just over $20 and there was a lot of food. I hope to return some day.
The place and location is great but service and \nFood is bad, definitely   will not go there again.\nLavo next door is definitely a much better choice.
it's so great to have a 100% vegan bakery in Phoenix! Everything I have tried here has been absolutely delicious and mouth-watering. I will return again and again!
Great place indoors to occupy kids. They have a menu and free wifi and coffee. Menu looks good but limited. The pastries are good. A little pricey when you have lots of kids but it's bright and clean (most important) and comfortable.  The staff is very nice!
Gold Coast Casino & Hotel gave me, a non-smoker, a smoking room. I called the front desk, they said succinctly they ran out of rooms, refused my refund request. I cannot stand the smell of this smoke-soaked room. It's foul and triggers my allergies. Terrible.
we sat on the patio for 10 minutes and no came by and attempted to take our order or acknowledge us.
The peppermint was yummy and for only 32 cents and oz it was cheap too. Much better than some other yogurt places and there isn't any other one too near by so luckily its well done. Not enough fruit toppings though.
Nice selection of cigars and a sophisticated, wide ranging bar and cocktail menu. Mojitos are very authentic.\nOdd comment for a cigar bar but we found it a little too smoky late at night.
Family owned restaurants are delightful and this one is no exception! Got to try the ceveche, and the coconut flan! Our whole family likes this place and we have tried nearly every item and are never disappointed. Small and cozy...you will feel like your eating at a friend's home!
I have been a client with my kids for 8 years. James O'Neil is a good doctor but when it comes to being in a bind they don't work with you. Billing hung up on me and they cancelled my appointment.
Just came back from there after dropping off a suit and shirt to be dry cleaned for my bf. I was skeptical after reading the reviews, but I was greeted nicely when I walked in and taken care of right away. I inquired how much it would be and was quoted a price. \nOverall, it was a pleasant and quick experience
First time going and I loved it! Will go again soon. Only complaint was they got our duck orders on medium heat when they were supposed to be mild. But I still liked it
This is the best cafe in Leith for the three best reasons for somewhere to be the best: (1) great coffee; (2) great food and (3) great service.  Above all though is the coffee - the flat white is perfect and a step up from anything else near.  Great place.
a good place to have a couple of beers,but basically is just another HRC,nothing special about it.
The salsa bar was an instant hit amongst my family. The guacamole was creamy and spicy. The salsa Mexicana was our favorite. Food was wonderful and inexpensive. Service was fast considering how busy the restaurant was and there were only 2 waitresses. Would definitely recommend it!
Ordered delivery from here and took more than 2 hours for it to be delivered.  And I only live 10 minutes away.  Won't order from here again.
Wings are good, burgers are fine but boring. The location is bad, because University Avenue is a boulevard, so you can only enter and exit one way. Service is good, in the store and for delivery.
One of my favorite places for lunch. Similar in style to places like Pei Wei, but much better quality.\n\nMy favorite is the Chicken Pad Thai.
Here now.  Internet is horribly slow.  Molasses drips faster.  Other than that, the place is pretty good.
I had dinner here with 2 of my friends and we thought the food was ok, a little pricey for what we got.
One of my favorite Madison Restaurants! Great place for brunch.
I work near this location come here a lot. I am a Chipotle addict so it's not hard to please me... But this location slangs out solid bowls every time I come. Not stingy on their ingredients and never have to wait too long.
Pro's\n- Good location\n- Decent price\nCon's\n-Boring rooms\n-Parking is in an open lot so stuff gets stolen off your car....  :(\n-Construction going on \n-Lance Burton's picture in your face 24/7
I drove by there yesterday and there is a new sign on the building they renamed it Plaka
The worst experience I've ever had. I should have known better when they told us 15 minute wait turned to 40. Then finally seated by the door a crowd of people also waiting for to be seated standin behind us. We waited 15 then for our server to make his first appearance...we left. Ridiculous.
Terrible class!  I can't believe I paid for this. instructor is rude, degrading and actually mocks students repeatedly. There is other classes around town that offer the CCW training don't spend your money here. If you do good luck I warned you!
Great food my go to Thai restaurant.
Pretty decent... At least for a McDonald's. Probably one of the faster/more efficient ones out there, even though it was really busy and crowded.
Typical Vegas buffet. $25 per person. Food was good, dessert was awesome!
Great location way better than other Fuddrucker's
The food tastes alright. The portion is rather large. The price is very reasonable.The line is long.
It is hard to believe this place is so popular. It is a big sweaty mass of men standing around in a dirty pool drinking severely over-priced drinks.  Cheesy & gross. Skip it.
Great service! Average food, but priced right! Love their patio! Very disappointed that they dont have draft beer!  Every bar has draft beer!
The game room while you wait just makes this place the best!  I came here with my 2 year old and we had a blast while I waited for my oil change.  Very nice and friendly customer service.  Will be returning.
Don't judge a book by its cover. This is a great and reasonably priced dinner. We were in Vegas on vacation and tired of the prices on the strip. This is a must try. Some recommendations are the Mussels, Caprese salad and almost all steaks are half price during happy hour.
Burgers way over cooked and overpriced. Fries were ok. Maybe expectations were a bit high. Menu is limited. Probably a great place to drink beer though.
I really love this place it was suprisinlgy good and you get a lot portion for the money. It is packed so there maybe a wait but overall a really good place to try
I was hoping for more. Rachel's Kitchen wasn't good, wasn't horrible......\nI had the cob salad and my husband had a burger....... both were okay.... not bad, but definitely nothing special.\nDoubt I will be back.
Have been to many places but this is the best so far,it's great.
Food is great but the service isn't so great. I had the house noodles. Plate was warm, food cooked to perfection, flavor was there. Unfortunately they rush you to order and then brings no refills on drinks, so cation when eating spicy dishes
Good bar food... Better hung over food! Came here after a night of drinking and ordered a chicken sandwich. Food was good, and help soak up all the alcohol. Would recommend this place!
I have eaten some very good dinners here.  Although it's a chain, I would say it's several notches above the other chain restaurants.  The chef here seems to add some creativity to the menu, so I will be definitely back again soon.
You always know what you're going to get when it comes to good at Denny's. \n\nWhen they're staffed properly, the service is usually prompt and friendly. Looks like I'm in luck, this morning.
Food is ok. Some hits and some misses. Service was mediocre. Not real busy on Saturday night and lots of servers standing around.
Terrible service always .... They don't know how to make a medium rare burger and the owner ,Joe walks around like he cares ...total phoney ....
Very disappointing - this is a great building and a great location however the food just plain sucks.  The drinks are extremely expensive as well....service is below par.
Fantastic school with excellent education standards and a great Administration that's responsive to  parents.
Great Japanese restaurant for the area!  The sushi was delicious and the happy hour special of $1.50 off all drinks is nice too!  They overcharged me for the Saki but were very willing and gracious to change it on my bill.  Highly recommend it.
Thumbs down! The pizza was soggy and soft. This is the 2nd time I'm trying this place and will never ever go there again!
I agreed with reviewer, ' Ima yelp'.  What a rip off.  $12.00 for a small bowl of noodles. I find nothing special about their food that can justify double price.  Taste, texture, ingredient, serving size - everything is the same as other Vietnamese restaurants that normally charge between $5 -$ 7.00.
Thanks for responding Dan. Ive forwarded all information to the Arizona Department of Consumer Affairs. Thank you for your time.
Long lines, a so so coffee, ok sandwiches and a very very high bill. The place looks like million $$$ (actually it looks way more than that) but the food is not as good as it looks. I miss Stumptown coffee
Yes pizza so good, and taste fresh and the service is pretty good, and the place is pretty good looking.... is great for a date night...
Food is always top notch. The mango roll has to be the best roll I've tried...  I visit very often.
Basically a Karaoke bar. If you like to hear a majority of people sing badly then this is your place! UUhhhhgggg!!
DISCLAIMER: I did not eat here. I thought it was a problem that the only way I knew I was in a pizza joint is because there were pizza boxes on the wall. It didn't even smell like pizza. It was confusing.
The food is AMAZING!!! Best Thai food in town!! The coconut ice cream is incredible and the fresh coconut water is my absolute favorite!
Yvette was amazing, in fact, i tried someone new and she RUINED me... (PM me if you really want details). I called Yvette and she explained that massages most definitely do roll-over. Got my new appointment booked!
I had my daughters baby shower here. Let me tell you I was a pain with all my changes. The banquet manager, Nova was very helpful and patient. At the event the room was beautiful, service great and the food was really good. I did not have one complaint!
The best curry house in Edinburgh. Bar none
Is the food here Thai or Chinese?? Where is the basil, an important ingredient in Thai cuisine, in their dishes?? And the fish sauce, another crucial ingredient that marks Thai flavors?? This could pass for Americanized Chinese food though but I'll pass on this place next time...
Some of the worst beer I've had in a long time.  Not sure how they continue to sell it.  Run of the mill chain \"micro brew\".
I recently had my car repaired here. The service was exceptional. They didn't nickel and dime like other shops in the area. I would highly recommend using the shop for any body work.
I probably wouldn't have gone had I known it was vegetarian.   Everything was remarkably average.  Service was good and friendly.
This place is awesome.  Can't say enough good things about it.  The beer selection is like nothing else you will find in the area.  The staff is terrific, especially Jess, and the food is tasty!
This place is terrible save your money go across the street and eat Taco Bell. They can never get the order right and it's hit or miss if they burn the tortillas over fry the rolled tacos. Good luck with this
This is consistently the most unorganized Einsteins we go to. We try to avoid this location but when we find ourselves here our hopes are that they've improved. Year after year we've found they they stay consistent: unorganized and confused.
I actually liked the location because th views were just amazing.  Sunset over the pool, nice area to walk.  Rooms very spacious.  I am not a fan of the beds - you control the comfort level of the mattress, but wasncomfortable.  The bar was nice as was the restaurant with good food.
3.5 stars.\nIt's modern, quiet, and has good scotch.  The referee themed waitstaff is an interesting touch, with white and black striped shirts and skirts.\n\nCouches are quiet and comfy.  And Macallan 25 is wonderful.  :)
Terrible service,  the food is nothing special and it was a little pricey too.
The best pizza in town in my opinion.  If you like a good medium crust pizza with just a bit of chew to the crust then this is for you.  The toppings are also fresh.  They have a full menu of Italian fare and it's all good.  Very friendly staff and perfect ambiance for what it is.
Free Wifi and breakfast.  Close to Mill Street restaurants.  Odd layout of room puts TV in front of couch instead of bed.  I have a thing about never sitting in hotel room chairs or couches.  So skip the TV altogether if staying here.
Holy Moly!  Best Cuban sandwich I've ever had!! Thank you bartender Jim for the recommendation.. \n\nNever disappointed at Karsen's..
Average nail salon. $32 for a mani & spa pedi. Nothing special, but an A-OK experience.
Full flavor, tasty food. Well spiced and delish. I would have given this 4 stars but the service was weird and the trip to the bathroom was very stinky.
Great for drinks (if you have the money for it ) but the food just go somewhere else and eat.
Great place to study and nice atmosphere! The coffee isn't to shabby either! ;-)
One of our favorite Madison restaurants!  Great food (most of the time) and fast.  The non-booth side feels like a cafeteria, though, since the tables are so close together.  Great desserts too!
It was cool!  Lots of stores and prices were OK at most of the places.  biggest  complaint!!  Where is the roof we live in a oven we need A/C. Also where is the food court at a Subway is all they have. You are forced to drive over  to West gate or just  leave.
Horrible all they want is your money \nThey put in wrong prescription for my contacts \nDidn't tell me I had slight astigmatism in an eye and never called me to reschedule an appointment \nDONT GO HERE !
Not bad. Good vodka. Good nachos. Fun atmosphere.  They need a bigger parking lot though. Lots of folks parked in the gravel.
Look.  It's nothing more than a $13-a-burger burger joint. Pretty nice burger. Not the best.
Very busy this Saturday morning.  But we did get a table in about 10 minutes.  Being this busy I expected slower service but as soon as we sat down Hilda showed up with a smile and took our order.  Clean and friendly service.
ok bun bo hue but great at 3am!
Great place. Like their sauce and lunch specials are fabulous. Quick service for the times we have eaten there. Salad is decent but not the greatest, but way better than most pizza joints. Staff is friendly and patient when ordering. We will continue to return here on a regular basis.
Food wasn't fresh, service was terrible, everything was dirty and gross. This place is worse every time we come in, used to love coming in here. $24 for salads and water is pretty steep too, I think we're done here.
HORRIBLE!!!! I do not know how this place stays in business... Bland! No flavor at all and over priced! I'm from Houston so my Mexican food standards are high.  I will NEVER come back to this place :(
The Shiloh really makes you feel like you are home. The food is really good, the beers are varied, tasty and refreshing and the drinks are very moderately priced. I am not from Pittsburgh but I go there often and I always make the Shiloh my first pit stop! \n\nDo it!
Beautiful setting. Ok food. Horribly slow service. Don't come here if you're hungry!
Love this place!!!! Great food, great atmosphere!!
Urban Cottage is a real gem! There is a great selection of house decor, jewelry, and other unique items. This is a great place to get a housewarming or birthday gift. Great customer service as well!
The soup / salad / breadstick lunch is what keeps me coming back to this otherwise bland and overdone chain. There are much better Arizona-owned Italian restaurants in the area.
Yesterday I dined at the Vince Neil's restaurant inside circus circus. I was very disappointed. I ordered buffalo wings. Half of them were fried the other half were baked .what was going through the cooks mind perhaps anything will do just get it out there .I can get a bad meal back home . E Lewis .
Food was okay, maybe 3.5 stars but that's about it. House margaritas were not good at all, and the service was poor. The atmosphere doesn't help and was not exactly a 4 star rated restaurant by any means. Recommend spending your money elsewhere.
Was very bad services And the food is horrible \nI order sea food fr\u00ede rices \nWas test like garbage And grease\nIf they whant me to go back again they i hace to Pay me to there \nNo recomend even to MY enemig
I will avoid this place at all costs, but sometime it's the only thing open late at night.
Very friendly service and yummy food.  Although they have about 15-20 restaurants in the U.S., this place does not feel like a chain restaurant.\nWe very much enjoyed the experience, especially the wonderfully friendly staff!
Certainly the best Greek food I've had outside Greece. Fresh ingredients, freshly prepared and about as unpretentious as it gets. Had good chats with the owner though he was a little grumpy at first!
We're now expecting baby boy #2 and yet again Sherry is our midwife! I really can't offer a better endorsement than that. We not only trust her with the safety and well being of my wife but also our unborn son. There is no other person in the world that we could imagine bringing our children into the world.
The Bahn mi was not as it should be, where is the fire!?
How does this place still exist? Greeted by muscular woman - disgusting chicken wings - horrible microwaved clam chowder and $8 pint of beer. My night only got better when I got out of there.
If you want awesome east coast pizza in the desert, then this is your oasis! The customer service is fantastic, the atmosphere is rustic and chic, and the pizza is pure yum. Only short fall is the limited draft options. When I say limited, I mean they have one option.
Excellent food, decent drinks, nice atmosphere.
They are friendly and helpful here, offering information on low-income spay and neuter programs to those who need them. My dog is in good hands when she's there, and I can trust the staff. We'll be back, for sure.
I really like this office. Pam really gives time to look at my kids. She always answers my questions and even goes beyond. She is really nice and sweet. \n\nI really recommend this practice.
I love this place, I've tried several in the area and nothing compares.  The Curry Noodle is my favorite!  Christian owned and operated, I'll come here from now on.
Don't go here! I'm sure I got overcharged, and the massage chairs don't work!
Totally worth the five stars!! I like \"It's Sugar\", but this place has them beat hands down. Unbelievably wide assortment, including all the classics we grew up on. Diabetes here I come;-)
I ordered the center-cut ribeye for entree. It was delicious. \nThe environment is nice and servers are polite. Recommended.
Two bucks to send a fax.  And 22 cents per page to print a simple two-sided b/w text manuscript?!  Plus the staff go out of their way not to look at you.  Next time I'll take Garrett's advice and only visit in an emergency.
Just eat at Joe's all fresh ingredients great food and he will make it any way you want it. He also has cheese wiz for your cheesesteak if that's what you want.
I had read a review that King's was an over priced Red Lobster. Unfortunately the food didn't even measure up to that. Over cooked fishy tasting salmon that wasn't fresh, soft shell crab was horrible, and for the price point we were expecting much more.
The Pyrimid Cafe is only open for breakfast and lunch.   The food is good; and interesting healthy choices are on the menu. The staff is pleasant and attentive.
We've eaten there several times, at least once during each of our visits to Scottsdale. It's one of our favorite places to go. The food is excellent, the service is prompt and friendly and the prices are very reasonable. We love it; can't imagine anyone not having a great experience there.
Fantastic as always.  Service is great. Good for any meal of the day. We will miss Andrew at the bar!
Listen to the other reviews! I went here when I didn't have enough time or patience. So unfortunately my first visit was not a success. However, they have some really great items here!\n\nI'm looking forward to coming back with more time and patience and hopefully I'll leave with a few bags of goodies!
I had dumplings and the Vietnamese style veggie pork skin rice noodle salad. Both were vegan. Both were tasty! The noodle salad was full of surprises. It was a nice mix of veggies, noodles and sauce.
We do love the Stetson chop, it is so good!!!\n\nOrder out, same great food without the wine at triple the price. TRIPLE!!!
Didn't like the food at all. The chicken does not look like real chicken. Not sure what I was eating. Will not go back to eat here again.
the burger was good, not great but oh the service, i think they forgot all about us.   If you are looking to eat in less than an hour forget it!
We love this place. Every time we have gone the food and service have been amazing. You can pretty much choose anything on the menu and be assured that's its good. We enjoy taking out of town guests here.
Especially good for breakfast after a night of drinking... everything is available on the menu - from smoke meet to grilled chicken, hamburgers, and all day breakfasts.   Service is fast and they also have a full bar.   Great that they are open 24/7/365.
Stayed here with my family a while back. The standard rooms are by far the most spacious of any other major hotel in vegas. The bathrooms are very nice, but I remembered that they do not lock (which may or may not have changed since I've been). The simulated outdoor mall is very cool if you have never been!
I LOVE burgers and was floored to stumble across this restaurant ... place looks really cool but what a huge disappointment!! The burger was dry and tasteless and none of the staff seemed to care ... not even a hello!!
Comfy seats, good service, below average food. Don't forget to bring your parking pass to get it validated.
Eh.  And, trust me, I wish I felt more for this place as I was really excited to try it.  Go to Cartel, man.
THE NICEST people work here.  They have such a great vibe that you want to just hang out here.  Doesn't hurt that Einstein Bagels are pretty damned good too.\n\nThis is the norm Einstein's so I'm not going to critique the food, but this location has the bomb employees!!
Was served undercooked chicken when I complained they just gave me a coupon for 5 bucks, no manager on duty, supposedly general manager John will be back. Horrible experience, I took photos of the undercooked chicken, let's hope I don't get sick...
Delis ish Pizza, dessert crepes, wine and fun environment. Def recommend for date night, anniversaries or whatever.
Went for a pedicure last week. The technician was very rough using the cutting tool on my cuticles. My nail bed at my cuticle has now turned black and is so sore. An infection is obvious and will have to go to a podiatrist for treatment. I do not think I will have a pedicure ever again.
If you want original Indian food this is the place. It might seem a little weird in the beginning but this place is amazing. I love the buffet but specially the vegetarian food is delicious. Best place in town. With their amazing mango like ice cream.
The food is good but the atmosphere is better.  A great place for a Friday Happy Hour after work or a Sunday Bloody Mary and live music.
Super good!! We had the hamburgers and they were huge, the owner is very nice, too bad is so far from where I live :(
Terrible service. The wait staff has real attitude problem. Mongolian beef was chewy.  Moo shu pork plain additional charge for more wrappers!!! Overpriced...for what you get! Go somewhere else!
Too bad the woman behind the counter is so rude. The food isn't bad if you can get to that point.  I stood there (no one behind our in front of me) for five minutes and was not acknowledged by the woman behind the counter.  I walked away and went three counters over to another Korean place.
Best steak ever!
Chef Ben is a great little place to enjoy some awesome sushi and food at a very reasonable price. A good amount of rolls average $3.50 and are very well prepared. This place was so good we went back the next day.
Great food, we are lucky to have this place! It can get busy around normal meal times as it isn't huge, but well worth a small wait if it happens.\n\nThe burgers are all I gotten, and I really like the mahi mahi burger :)
My name is Jill and I have a mild addiction to their steak plate. I usually come home from tempe and just grub until I can't breathe from their food. So good. great service and they know your order if you go there enough.\nI can't say enough great things about this place:)
Pizza was bland.  Cost of beer inexpensive.  Service was marginal.
Best barber in all the land! Hot towels, straight razors, cool barbers. Place is legit .
Great food! Homemade potato chips r awesome. Good prices. Not the best place to watch football though or any game. TV's are way to small.
Seriously some of the best Mac and cheese I have ever had and the service was so kind and friendly. The owner even gave us some sweet potatoes for our Mac and cheese. Definite must visit
It was a Tuesday night so the restaurant was almost empty, which was good as I was there for a business dinner.  The food was good, not great - and the service pretty much matched that.  Nothing I would complain about, but nothing that would entice me to come back again either.
This place definitely gets big points for being friendly. Their drinks are okay and on par with some of the other boba teas around the area. They love their customers and are not shy about it. (Check out the Polaroid wall to your left corner on the far side of room) Service with a smile and good drinks.
Hotel staff not as friendly as the other stays. They over promised and never delivered. Such a shame. It's such a nice property.
I would never stay anywhere else in Vegas again. Check out the spa. Check out the food. Oh and if you're really daring check out the top of your armoire (you know you're dying to know what I found....)
This place is amazing! Everyone greeted as soon as we walked through the doors. They have a huge selection and all of the staff is friendly and knowledgeable of their products. They have great tasting ejuice and prices are reasonable. They even showed me how to build my rba.. Amazing place!! Thanks guys see you again soon!!
Lots of potential but ultimately does not live up to what it could have been. Simpson, X-Men, 4 player PACMAN and mediocre beer on draft. Food is absolutely atrocious though. All the games are free though
It's cheap, I'll say that, but otherwise it's bland food served by workers who mostly don't seem to notice they're working, and when they do, only respond snarkily. There are many better vegetarian and vegan options to choose from.
Came in and waited 12 minutes to finally get noticed.  Bartenders here are obviously more worried about carrying on conversations than actually looking around...  shitty experience
Over priced, soggy, nasty sandwich. Extremely disappointed. I ordered the italian sandwich and the bread was all mushy. Wouldn't go back there.
This is a nice size park with different workout areas along the walking path. There's a dog run, a baseball diamond, and a jungle gym with swings. It's close to my parents house and very clean. I like how well maintained the park is and it looks like a nice place for birthday parties or picnics.
One of the best Burger restaurants!\n\nI have been there several times though there is always a long wait. The shake and burgers are just brilliant. I love everything I have tried so far.
A little bit MSGish but otherwise great tasting, especially the mixture of tonkotsu/shoyu broths.  \n\nBeen to both locations and the services are always pleasant.  It does get really busy during lunch and dinner time so time it wisely.
Nice pool, get a cabana and get there a little early cause it tends to get packed. the pool area is huge and is great for families. If ur here to party though I reccommend just going to wet republic
The food in this restaurant was excellent.  We went with a large group.  They did not rush us.
The location is great since its very centrally located. Rooms are nice. $25 restort fee.
Another great meal & NYGiants football on many screens.\nWe tried the Garlic bread & meatballs...made our own appetizer!\nWe also suggest the Tomato Pie, well done!\nBe back soon
I picked up my car from the airport and return to airport , they gave me a great  service and got even a larger car than I initially rented at the same price.\nVery easy to rent and return.\nFor sure I will use them again if I need too.
Rooms were clean and staff was friendly.  It was a nice change of pace to not have a casino inside.
I have been going to the El Dorado Hot Springs for years and always have a relaxing time. Open your minds and give it a try...you won't be sorry\nMakes for a great \"day trip\"....lets relax
So sad.... Came here the other day with a group of hungry people to find this place had CLOSED :( (not a good situation to be in)  It's now a completely different restaurnant under new owners....will have to give it a try.
Great living/raw food restaurant :) friendly service!!! Glad to have stumbled upon this place. I'll be back for sure :)
Don't waste your time...Arrowhead mall on the other side of town is so much better!
Order the hot & spicy it's nom nom nom! Also it's the best place to watch a game in peace
Disappointed with the food and the service. The theme and the ambiance is old and worn out.
great service again with wookie ill be back again later for another service wow. thank u
After seeing the \"I Ate The Bone\" campaign on TV, I decided to give them another try. I was disappoint to discover that their boneless chicken is nothing more than over-priced chicken strips. The manager at the register was friendly but I felt as I got \"duped\" by the commercial.
Sorry sorry...poop on the floor. I was placed in a dirty examine room. Not returning. And I don't care for the fact they take the dog in the back for shots.
Good, large burger (got Paris one)\nAvg. fries\nAwesome milkshake!\n\nGot $30 groupon and really enjoyed it!
$14 for a glass of wine and $20 for walnut shrimp covered in sugar sauce.  I hope this place gets new managent soon.  I know it is Vegas, but really, please prepare the dish as it is described on the menu.
What an amazing experience, getting in and out was easy just valet to avoid any problems.  The quality and taste of the food was very good.  I really recommend this restaurant, but remember to make a reservation or you might have to wait.  We sat at the bar while our table was ready and enjoyed the drinks before dinner.
These guys didn't just do an awesome job they also got me in early and finished early!
Rubios I love it I can eat all the time..really recommend my favorite food is shrimp tacos Mmmh Yummy
If the prices do remain low then it's a great deal for a lot of things but you have to know what prices are on products because not everything is cheaper. I like it for the option to buy the food in the bulk bins but then again sprouts isn't much more expensive and it's a lot easier to navigate.
We ate there last night. We had the \"gluten friendly\" free Bianca Pizza, it was very good. We loved the atmosphere, the staff was very friendly. We will definitely be returning. Welcome to the neighborhood.
This show is garbage . Hookers lip syncing on a pirate ship ! LOL don't bring the kids . BTW the original show British VS Pirates was great featuring real stuntmen and a story line . pass on this one , perhaps youtube up the original pirates show for your kids?
One of the beat pedicures I've ever had. Amazingly through. Jason gives great massages!
While I LOVE Whole Foods, this location has some of the worst customer service.  Not sure why they have such an attitude, but I avoid this store if possible.\nThe cashier didn't say Hello, or thank you or Good Bye...it was very strange!!
Oysters are to die for! We got half a dozen and loved them so much, we got another! Also, their yellowtail is so good! Their wine list is so large and has my favorite on there. I cannot wait to go again!
What great service, the two guys working were so nice and happy, great energy, would definitely come again especially if those two were working , I'm sorry now I didn't get their names
Not to sound like a Toby Keith song but, I love this bar! I heard its where all the coolest Arcadians hang out nowadays.
I got both traditional and boneless wings. The sauce is about as generic as I've had. \nBoneless wings had some of the toughest chicken breast I've ever eaten.
Found this place close to our hotel. This was some pretty good sushi. Very quick service! I would go again!
This place is a wonderfull place to go to... inexpensive and very friendly bartenders and some sexy ones at that... woo hoo!!! Love the screens in there and the food is excellent!!!
The longhorn burger was great, and the shoestring fries were nice and crispy. Best part of the meal was the shake, Had the oreo shake which was great.
Kaya has the best sweet potato fries, and their Cuban sandwich is amazing! By far one of my favorite restaurants downtown.
The owners are always friendly, they remember you and what you like, and the food is terrific.  Best pizza in buckeye.  wings made to order and cooked to perfection.  Pasta dinners are huge, and include salad and bread for dine in.
Absolutely amazing food and amazing customer service! Saraab was our server and she was awesome!!! She knew exactly what to recommended and everything she recommended was mind blowingly delicious! Everything made from scratch in house! 5stars for sure!
Decent 80s style pizza, but I prefer more of a kick to pizza sauce.
Good selection of oddball stuff, but everything seems expensive. \n\nIf you need a run-of-the-mill item, like Coors Light, you are better off buying it elsewhere because it is going to be more expensive here.  We're not talking a few pennies more, we're talking dollars, folks!
I joined friends for lunch at the Tatum location and was really, really pleased.  The service was friendly.  The atmosphere was really nice, and the food (I had the taco lunch special) was outstanding!  I will definitely be back to this location, and it has me curious enough to try some of the other locations as well.
Been here numerous times before and the food and service was excellent, this last time the soup was salty, the sauce was salty , server was good but not excellent, it took  at  least 45 minutes to receive our main entree,
I love this pizza I have had this pizza ever since I was a young child in fact this is what I would as for as my birthday dinner every birthday \nThe staff at the pick up window are very nice and to watch them work on the pizzas is always a joy \nBest pizza around my Phoenix area
Too expensive for quick food court food.\n\nYou get very little meat even with the high price. \n\nThey sucker you by charging almost $5.00 for a bottle water.
I believe this is the best pizza place I have found in Arizona. We go as often as we can. Workers are VERY friendly and I feel very comfortable there. The garlic knots are amazing. I highly recommend this place.
First time playing bingo and they were more than helpful with explaining how to play. The girls were all super nice. The lady that gives the complimentary beverages was not friendly at all and carded me for a hot chocolate. Other than that I had a great first experience playing bingo.
Had a carne asada burrito and it was OK, but it had a couple \"crunchy\" parts, which I didn't think should be in there.  Don't think I'll be going back.
Went for breakfast with a girlfriend and our daughters on a Saturday morning about a month ago. The service was great and the food was also. I liked that they had an iced coffee option. I would recommend this restaurant.
Great classic cut from a very knowledgeable barber. Can't beat the price or location and laidback Westcoast vibe as well.
Had to comment about the service I enjoyed here.  They were friendly,  funny,  and pleasant,  things you don't usually experiEnce with fast food.  They came to my table to make sure everything was ok.  The food was what you'd expect,  except the fries were cold.
Authentic Vietnamese entrees. I enjoyed the beef vermicelli dish. Good spot and would recommend. Service was a bit slow though so don't be in a rush.
Terrible food inside a terrible hotel. Perfect combo, right?\nOverpriced as well.
Delux is very over-rated and over-priced. The burgers were not \"top quality\" as the Phoenix Magazine recently illustrated. Despite the friendly wait staff, I would not recommend.
We loved it a must when in Glendale!!! A little crowded but that's a sign it was good. Best hamburger in Glendale!!!
When did this get so expensive? It seems like the quality has dipped and the prices have gone up? With all the competition around, y'all better get it together, because it's too late for me..
Usually end up coming here every time I stay at Venetian. Late night pasta? Can't go wrong. Bit pricey though.
Tina is awesome! Great designs, and she's soooo nice.
This restaurant is pretty good. I've had better for better pricing but the flavors are not that far from authentic, just a little bland. More variety on the menu would be nice, such as adding some more creative and unique twists to original recipes. Service is always pretty good as well worth a try but have had better.
Finally, someone gets it!! Awesome menu, service, friendliness, and oh, did I forget to mention the food quality, presentation, and taste. Excellent!! Please, stay and prosper.
The food, service and entertainment were all great here. The seating is very uncomfortable but it is all part of the atmosphere. I think this place was a great deal too at 40.00 each.
good place to stay for extended stay.
Great ramen if you like salt with extra salt.
There's probably better places with faster service and steaks ordered medium, which are actually well done. \n\nThe upsides are the graveyard prices and close proximity. \n\nOr I just went on a really bad night. :/
I simply cannot dealing with uneducated \"geniuses\", that think they know everything, when they don't even have a degree in computer science and or engineering. Seriously? Get real.
Decent atmosphere... food is good. We usually go for UfC and decided to stop in when they had a band. Wish the live music was better.
Way cheap on the meat.  Combination Chowmein had 2 shrimps and 2 small pieces of beef.  No veggies, no pork, no chicken.  Just noodles.  Called back and the restaurant operators didn't care at all.
I like the laid back atmosphere, playing one of my favs ben harper. Great beer selection, food was pretty good. I got the ruben I liked it wasn't out of this world good, but if your in the neighborhood worth a try.
Nothing special, standard sports bar fare.  Probably better as a hang out spot than as a restaurant, which is what I was looking for.
Great covered parking, but looonnng wait for shuttle back to the lot from the airport if you arrive on Sunday evening. We watched 5 shuttles for parking spot 2 come and go before our bus arrived. Long enough to reevaluate where we park on our next trip.
We had a really good time for my birthday. If you go there with a group get a private table. It is worth the money. AMAZING TIME that is all the rest stays in Vegas.
I have had better sushi. Too loud for me.
My wife, friends and I went to MOzen for brunch and had a great time.  The food was great and the service is friendly and efficient without getting in the way of the conversation.
This is got to be the best Mexican restaurant on the west side. Their food is great to have a great selection this service is superior. The decor is absolutely Mexican style. And they have the best margaritas I've had.
Just like united breaks guitars, metro ruins your night. Awful service, nasty managers, if you do want a pizza order to go!!!\nI hate this place.
3x. So far so good.
Food was very good.\n\nCustomer service was TERRIBLE!! \nNo one person even said HELLO, or made us feel welcomed with ever a smile.
My first time eating pho and it was delicious. I had the number one with all the meats. We also tried the soft egg rolls with Vietnamese sausage and they were delicious. I ate mine with the fish sauce. Give this place a try!
Don't go through the drive through. They F you in the drive through. Multiple different times throughout 3 years, I have been F'ed consistently. Hamburgers with no meat (hard to validate when driving through). Missing items. Just go in and check your order.
First visit, as we are from Florida. Burger good. Fries terrible. I would go out of my way for a Five Guys over In and Out.
We always get the pizza and wings when visiting this establishment.  Great wings and crispy pizza.  When your here try the pizza fries, they are awesome
Love, this place. And the Sangria's are to die for. Sunday they have an awesome brunch and Sangria's are half off! The food is great for dinner and the bread they bring out at the begining with the dipping sauces...EVERYTHING IS GOOD!
I got a free upgrade to a suite :) .... But no wireless ... The rest ... well It was nice :)
Don't do it. Go to the place around the corner. This place sucks
The professionalism is bar none! Always a positive vibe and great atmosphere. I have had my hair cut by both barbers and they have done excellent work to my hair. They accept credit and debit cards and you can either make an appointment or walk in. I refuse to go anywhere else for a cut, they have inherited a lifelong customer
Good ice cream but the pizza was just ok. Not terrible, but I'd take Vocelli or any other chain over it on any day.
This place has a managerial problems,bartender problems, and pricing problems. Don't go.
Trendy, busy, and delicious fresh fish with generous portions.  Would love to go back.
Cool waterfall.  Pretty cheap if you come on a thursday.
Great food,  very satisfying and in ample portions.  Nice unusual interior design.  Free wifi. What else can you desire?
My bread was very dry but my husband and brother liked theirs so I give them 2 stars for that reason.  $28 for 3 sandwiches was too much.    I won't be a return customer.
Very very large  beer selection bottled and draft.  Bartender was great with explaining the beers they have. Great prices on happy hour with a good food selection.  Try a different wild game burger if you're adventurous!
I just have to say \"Apple butter\".  OMG I think I could spread it on newspaper and eat it lol. But at Lucille's they have great rolls for that :). Seriously, great food and service a top notch BBQ resturant that lives up to the price tag
Quick cut with a tension relieving neck massage was excellent!  This is a great clean barber shop.  Would recommend for walk ins as well as appointments.  Owner has a very nice barbershop.
Although our server was great and the hottest one there, the rest were very rude. Really did not live up to the hype we were looking forward to.  Food OK.
Cheap and pretty quick. Food was average, margaritas alright.
Heard from a friend that this place had great steaks so I had to try it out... It was ok considering you had to wait an hour and a half.  There are other areas serving comparable meals within the same price range for less of a wait.
Very great atmosphere had a wonderful bartender so much that we came back to eat and it was awesome food SPENDY but worth it! Thanks Matt for the homemade Sangria!!
The food is tasty, but so much MSG!  I'm usually not very sensitive to MSG, but man you can really feel it after you eat here!
I've only been here twice.  They have a great chorizo and egg burrito.  I don't see this available outside of my kitchen very often.  Great chorizo flavor that is not overpowering.  The place was clean on the inside and service was good.
Two words:  shitty service
Creative and interesting menu. Price wise, they are ok. Could be a bit more budget friendly and a bigger selection of food items. Not a place I would eat at often, but if I was in the area and wanted a not-so typical burger then this is the place to stop at.
I love their pancake. It's close to my house and I go there almost every weekend.
They have the best cream br\u00fbl\u00e9e ever.
My favorite bar in Vegas.
bottomless sangria and mimosa brunch. enough said. ... good food too.
Accurately quoted, quickly and properly installed. No complications, delays, excuses, etc. Completed exactly as he said it would go. Happy here. Will be referring to friends.
Certainly cooler and more fun than Studio 54! I liked the vibe of this lounge - it was small but a young, fun crowd, and the music was pretty good. Bathrooms were way nicer too. Just had more character overall. Still not sure if I would make it a destination, but definitely the coolest place at the MGM!
Excellent good fresh and delicious with many choices at a great price.  You get it made your way with many different choices of meats cheeses and toppings. Thru also have pastas but I recommend subs they are better.
Friendly staff, quick service, cool selection of taps, good prices. Stopped here a few times, usually during the day, and have always enjoyed it.
Came here with family and just want to try their buffet but it's not that good. Very disappointed. The service was pretty good but I don't think the food is fresh enough especially the seafood!
My girls bowl in the Junior league here and have a wonderful time learning and improving their bowling skills. The staff are friendly, the amenities are always clean and the prices are easy on the wallet. Birthday parties are a good deal here too, especially if you have a kid with a birthday in the heat of the summer!
Essen lecker! Terrasse super gro\u00df und sch\u00f6n. Direkt nebenan mit Kinderspielplatz. Super Entspannung f\u00fcr die ganze Familie!
The decor was too dark and too grim, not a fan. However the mac and cheese side tasted alright. I order bbq ribs as an entree. It was well done and tender but the sauce left something to be desired. The sweet potato fries were tasty! For the high price, I would *not* bother.
the price is not equal to the size...after finished the meal, i still felt hugry :(
The great view from Fresco's dining room combined with the fact that the restaurant sits above the newly opened contemporary art museum makes you feel as though you're in one of the big cities.  The food and wine were excellent, but pricey.  A great place for a date before a show at the Overture Center.
DO NOT EAT HERE!!!  They have the worst customer service!!!  I don't go out to eat to be given an attitude.  I expect courteous service.
I like this place more than I like most other true dollar stores (stores where everything is actually a dollar).  They have a weirdly large pet selection, with brand name goods for dogs, cats, and even gerbils and birds.  I kept my dog tick free this summer for a dollar--can't beat that.
Still the same crappy, zero service! CA  someone say train wreck? Maybe it's time to retool fellas.
I have tried this place 4 times because its supposed to be good but each time the food has been less than mediocre.  Ive tried 4 different basic items from the lunch menu and they were all equally flavorless.
Received a nice note from the owner taking the feedback very well. We are going to give them another go.
Locally owned full service.  Very efficient, friendly, knowledgeable. I've used them for the last four years and they remain at the top of their game.  Very dependable.
Great location and the staff is super helpful and friendly!!  Had a list and they took it in stride.  Great job.
This place is awful!  I truly can't believe anyone would give it any more than one star.  It was so bad, my husband, who like Mikey, eats anything, wouldn't even take the leftovers home.  Go to Pizzeria Bianca instead.  You will be happy you did.
My absolute favorite thing was getting their large fries served in one of their large drink cups. I stopped eating here for a year and came back to large fries served in a regular bag now. I regret not taking more advantage of it while it was still around.
Was there for brunch. Really disappointed by the service which obviously doesn't care about their own business and about you... which is kind of the basis.\nFood was good, a 5/10.
I love this spot. Best fast sushi around. I get the Vegas and the avocado roll. The staff is friendly. Convenient location for me. Try any of their sushi! All of it's great.
$20 for a personal pizza with cherry tomatoes, and \"some\" smoked Gouda. \n\nNo salad. No meat. \nNo dice. \nBetter deals and better food at a mall food court.
The tanning beds are pretty good. The versa spa has a hard time draining sometimes. It's like you're sitting in a puddle when you're getting sprayed. Some of the staff are great but I've had a run in with some questionable employees that are not very professional. Which makes me question continuing my membership here.
When ordering take out, wait time extends double time from what your told; and yet once you arrive to pick up your order, 80% of the time you must wait additional time to get your food. \n#takestoolong\n#rathereatatred
Fill out a survey on line and receive free fries/ bag of chips & a drink with a purchase of a 7 1/2\" sub. Yum-O
Dear everyone who is not in Vegas,\n\nJust landed here for the first time in my life to celebrate me and my boyfriends 21st birthdays!  Thought the airport would be a little more flashy but I love it here!  Sorry your not in Vegas!\n\nSincerely,\nNicole
It costs nearly \u00a312.\n\nIt isn't a proper distillery.\n\nThere's no information availabe here that you can't find by going onto Wikipedia and typing in \"whisky\".\n\nDon't be a mug.
tip: 15 minute wait on a packed morning is super efficient.\n\nbreakfast crepes were out of the ordinary.  it's basically an omelet wrapped in a crepe; a must try.  too much home style potatoes.  good coffee.  flip the happy face egg to a sad face egg for prompt service.
The box office is a joke. You shouldn't have to wait an hour to pick up tickets. When there is a line of 100 people and only 2 workers, that is ridiculous. The Flamingo needs to do better than that for me to continue doing business with them. You bet I will tell everyone I know about my experience.
Terrible location. Dirty. When I went the owners children were in the kitchen eating and running around. Got home to find a toothpick cooked into my rolled taco. Got a refund but still very disgusted. I drive a little extra to go to a cleaner location.
Used to love coming here for breakfast when it was a diner with real diner food. They have changed it over to a coffee and snack takeout. I don't bother coming here anymore. What a loss.
Dirty! The curtain is broken, the bed is bad and dirty.
Awesome California Burritos!!!!   Best local place for a burrito
Love you guys.... But the diet Mtn dew fountain is not as good as store 476. Correct that ands it's a 5 star review.
A great Pittsburgh diner with friendly service and good diner food. If there are any problems, the prices a bit high for diner food and, as others have said, it's extremely cramped. Otherwise, it's an enjoyable place to eat and the food is, indeed, very good.
Friendly staff but the food was mediocre at best -- and certainly not worth the overinflated prices. Regretted that we didn't walk another 25 yards to the Buca di Beppo.
Atmosphere is kind of awesome...cool bikes inside, neat decorations.  Waitstaff was rude.  Cute but rude.  Way understaffed also.  1 hour wait for food on a slow saturday afternoon.  \nHas potential, but maybe the count should stick to building wicked chops and hot rods..
Delicious macaroons!!
There the meat counter is the best of all to me. Also have variety of collection very competitive and active. Most of the time I went for taking their meat section -being fresh I love it.
the Matzoball soup was very good but it does need salt I know they do it cause of the health conscious nuts out there and they do excellent fried chicken!
A good value for money at half off:)
This place is decent. Good price for the strip and it's a non-nightmare. All in all a good experience. Not stellar but definitely good at least. The casinos and bars inside were good. I am a big fan of the pub and the Zowie Bowie show.
Slow service.  Flavors certainly didn't come together with the scallops, except just too peppery.   The rice side was bland, and the asparagus are tiny twigs. Even the pink lemonade was just too bitter. Very disappointed.
NO CASINO in this hotel. We took the Tram from Aria to check out this place and asked someone who was cleaning the trash cans if it has a Casino and they said Yes but when we got there, NO CASINO.. =( So we went to Bellagio instead.
Kimberly the waitress was nice and helpful when ordering as for the differences in ribs.  As for the ribs I ordered spare ribs and the baby back ribs both were good. For the sides I got fries, onion rings, potato salad, and coleslaw nothing great.  Definitely would go back again
You can get a breakfast comparable to Denny's or Ihop but the services is sllllloooooowwww. Over 30 min is too long of a wait for eggs, toast and hash browns although they did come out still hot
The food here is amazing! Before going the first time I didn't understand the idea but now I love it. My favorite is probably the traditional but the Royal with Cheese is damn good too! The service is great but it is just a bit small. They are opening a second location soon and I heard it has much more space!
One person working the point of sale with a line out the door. customers became angry, few left,. sandwiches horrible, soup was just ok. pastries ok. ticket time over 25 minutes serving 3 people at $38. portions, stingy, Get with it Panera!!!
Food is it great it's Showmars at least they can't screw that up.  Service is poor especially for pick up orders.  If you call ahead they will put you on hold until you drive to the restaurant.   Never had a problem calling in orders at any other Showmars.
Thank God Zipps is in south Chandler! Great food and great atmosphere. Definitely recommended.
Wow.  This place is a high end buffet.  It was well worth the $35 per person we paid for dinner.  I would love to go back to this place again.   The deserts alone were worth the price of the buffet.  The food is well prepared and fresh.  This is not an average buffet.
It's good! but.. expensive and they use syrup and or powder for their fruit drinks.\n\nIf a boba place is going to use syrup and or powder I would expect it to be cheaper not expensive.
I love Arby's and this location is never skimpy with the meat on the sandwich.  They are super friendly to me and my dogs.  What other fast food restaurant gives your dog (when you are going through the drive through) a bone!
Greatest wedding Dj! Had so many compliments after my wedding. Plays fun music, Taylor's the night to the guests. Would highly recommend
This Thai place used to be my favorite thai in the valley until it changed ownership. After the it went down the drain. I used to give it 5 stars. The old owner opened up Bola Thai in Mesa which is my new fav!
They have some of the best beans that I've tasted. The lemonade reminds me of being in Mexico and having it freshly squeezed. Their chimichanga Burrito is my favorite....
Great food.  Great drinks.  Great service.  Get a hot chocolate to go.  Sooooo good.
Horrible flavorless Ramen I would not eat here again if it was free!!!!! Beware, we were also ignored by the server
Giant rolls that are 95% rice and imitation crab is not good sushi.\n\nUpdate:  returned and had a much better experience.  Sat at the bar and was happy with more of the nigiri.  Its sushi in the east valley what do you expect.
The Onion Rings are very good. Had the Philadelphia burger which was pretty good as well. The Chipotle ketchup is a nice touch to any burger. Nothing too special about the fries. Like the style of the restaurant.  Don't too much care for having to share tables with total strangers.
This place is awesome.  Everything from the appetizers to the salad's and on to the pizza's!   Also an all Italian  wine list which anyone can find a wine they would love!!!     The place is truly one place you should visit!
Food and service were top notch. Our server was well informed, she made great suggestions and she was friendly. The food was full of flavor and fresh. I had the Carne Asada quesadilla and the meat was tender and melted in my mouth. All of the people in our party had great things to say about the food.
I don't know what I like better about this hotel: The artwork which would make the creatures from Stephen King's nightmares seek PTSD therapy, or the fact that my room smells like someone set fire to a used diaper. \n\nNext trip to Phoenix, I shall be staying anywhere else.
Their drive thru service at night is horrible. The lady was being rude to us and gave us hard chicken nuggets that were like rocks. I'm never going back to that place.
This place used to be great, but since the change from corporate to franchise they have changed the staff.  Owens Bagels or 7th Street Deli are much better!
Very cool old place in the industrial part of town.  I wish it wasn't surrounded by two strip clubs (made for interesting conversation with young kids) but the food was pretty good, not greasy at all.
Great place to watch the game. The food is bar food in quality and selection.
One of my favourite shops in Edinburgh! I love every single little thing in this wee shop. It's sells cute stationary and gifts and nice bits and bobs. The only thing is that it's a bit pricy but still go in for a look now and again and purchase something I find :)
Always great service and price is perfect. Very easy to schedule an appointment.
The patio was my favorite. Such a relaxing atmosphere. Service was great, my server was friendly and attentive. \nOrdered The Margherita and it was so delicious. \nHad the chocolate cake for dessert and the vanilla bean ice cream. Everything was so perfect. Definitely coming back! :)
A bit pricey, but excellent sammys. I recommend the Philly cheesesteak. It's excellent!
Real nice local place in Matthews. The outdoor seating is really nice for people watching and the food was above average. The menu was somewhat normal for I did not see much that really jumped out at me but the service was good and the quality of the food was above average.\n\nWe will be back for lunch or maybe dinner.
There super speedy with their service, food is decent... For iHop, although my hash browns were burnt. I always order the stuffed French toast combo. Staff is fair... Ehhhhh.
The last thing you're expecting to hear when you walk into this traditional Japanese restaurant is Dr Dre but I continue to be amazed by this place. Flawless!
Great work day gym to hit during lunch.  Just wish they would stop playing teeny bopper estrogen music in the men's locker room. ... Damn!!!
This place has over 3000+ yelp reviews so we decided to come here. Best place on the strip, nice ambiance and great food. I ordered the grilled salmon and spinach salad and my bf got the Chicken Grandmere- food was excellent and the waiter was very attentive. Price is good too!
Great job cleaning my carpet today. I had some thought stains and dirty carpet  but you managed to get it clean
You know the buffet is bad when the best option is to make a ham sandwich and you still can't eat it.
Service auks here today very SLOW
My wife had surgery there n we r not very happy with the results n waiting time to be seen by doctor is horribly long. She is not going back
Prepare to be unimpressed. Long waits, mediocre service and food.
Oh yea.. I come here for the marinated meat and the sweet breads. OMG.. Love it!
I have been to Aloha Nails 5 previous times and loved the service and atmosphere. The last time I visited in November was not as positive. I received 3 open cuts from my pedicure. I was told by the owner that this happens sometimes and not to be concerned.
Good food and great service. Can get busy with a long wait at lunch. I like the burritos. The blackened Mahi is great.
This place is gross. It all tastes the same - greasy and disgusting.
Tried to make delivery over the phone, girl could not understand me when giving my address. I would give numbers, she would rearrange the numbers, get my apartment number confused with my street number. gave up and hung up.
We come to G. Insurance for all of our insurance needs including business and personal. Steve has been working with more then one generation of our family for many years. We highly recommend this business. They have also saved us a ton of money!
It's comparable to the Monte Carlo Buffet I would say in offerings and taste.. Price was $39.99 per person. I would have been happier paying $35 per person for the quality received.
I will go out of my way for this walgreens.  Besides friendly and clean this lication has a great set up.  The clinic is clean and staff is amazing.   I will switch from minute clinic to here.  They cover so much.
Excellent food and good service.
Wife called to place an order to go.  First, they put her on hold, then hung up on her.  When we called back, they said \"we are too busy right now, call back in 15 min\".  Wow, if they can't even take a to go order, I wonder what the inside looks like.
Rudeness......dumbness......carelessness.....dont go there
Should be called Porn of Ages with a little bit of rock.  Terrible show
Arcadia Tavern has a fun atmosphere with pretty average bar food and terrible parking. It's yet another Phoenix restaurant/bar where they try to force you into using valet even though they have an extremely tiny parking lot. There are some spots over by the dry cleaner that aren't valet, so don't be fooled.
Terrible service - messed our order up three times.  Philly sliders were cold.  Nachos have squeeze cheese and cold chicken.  Can't understand why they can't deliver on such a tiny menu if simple bar food.  Manager was unprofessional and saving seats for his personal friends as waitresses were trying to seat guests.
This location was very busy but friendly customer service. Full stock store where I was able to purchase some great decore for the house. You can find items for bedroom including kids rooms, bath, kitchen and much more. There are always some super saver deals to keep some change in your pocket. I like this location.
Good for an almost quick lunch. You order at counter and then your order is delivered. Pizza is good, thin crusted and not oily. Just don't understand how long it takes to heat 4 slices of pizza. It was Sunday afternoon and not very crowded. Service people are friendly and are ready to please.
Good for a fast food italian place
they close at 9pm instead of 9:30pm but haven't updated yelp with the coreect time. they are open 11-9 monday thru saturday. the menu looks great...i'm looking forward to eating here.
this show would be awesome if not for the cheesy story line....   the tricks with the tigers and all of the big cats are insane!   not to mention, the theater is super small and you are close no matter where you sit!  not a bad gig.... worth watching Id say.
Stopped by Marquee for the Armin Van Buuren concert during EDC weekend and it was extremely nice. The stage area and dance floor is rather small but the light show and effects really make up for it if you can find your way out there. Overall I definitely much preferred Marquee over Tryst and Surrender.
everyone that works here is a retarded tranny trying to pass as Christina Aguilera circa Dirrrty.
Substitute cheese for actual flavor, burnt & limp potatoes, portions huge, unable to split checks, locally run. I support cuz its not a chain.
Called them 4 times and left 4 messages. No return calls!! At least call me back and tell me you guys are very buzy. That tells me if I had any problems they won't call me back anyways. Very disappointed!
This place had several very good dishes, a few memorable, and a few not so memorable. I did really love the grilling, the onions were a nice touch - the servers put everything on for you which I'm nto used to and was also very nice. Classic soju and beer and you've got a killer group event.
This location was fairly clean.  \nService was pretty quick.  \nCashier was fairly friendly. \n\nI had the strawberry salad which was very good. \nIn short, everything was very good but not quite great.
Not a big fan of the d\u00e9cor.  They are trying way too hard.  Now with that said, the fish and chips here are rather good.  I especially love the salmon fish and chips.  At around $10 a plate you could expect to leave decently full.  Every time I have been here I have not left disappointed.
Nice new Louis Vuitton at the city center. 3 floors I believe. They have ready to wear. Their staff was very nice. All in all I would reccomend it.
Very annoyed that they want to call me by name and shake my hand.  All just seems a little to intrusive.\n\nBeer garden could be cool if they build a fence around it.... Otherwise you'll be staring at lots of blacktop and Sears.
Its a Nice Small place. Hole in the wall. And the Pad Thai is wonderful, so is the Thai Chicken. Always get a Thai Tea thats on Par with more expensive places. Its family owned and everyone is so friendly.
Another good Tutti Santi in my neighborhood.!   Food is quite good and the wine by the glass has some exceptional treats.   Staff is friendly, available and happy to help.    Too bad Amarone declined and died here but Tutti Santi is a welcome addition!!!!!
I was with an awesome friend that got us in VIP, so the experience was much better. It was a typical high-end crowded club, with dancers, loud music, and $10 Absolute drinks. Coming from a person that went to clubs in Chicago, this place is great if you have the money.
Pepper jack lobster and shrimp tacos blue corn tortilia black beans and rice, very cold beer! Good service.
This is a good shop. I needed a new radiator. They did not try to sell me non essential repairs that I can't afford. They get straight to the main problem.
Love this place after a long week. The bar is spotless. Staff always knows our names and drinks. Wish they had a few more menu items but will trade clean seats for that any day
This is my favourite restaurant in the whole world. The dishes are amazing and delicious! I really hope that David will come out with a cookbook so that I can make them at home as I don't live here!
Decent sushi, OK food overall. But it is Expensive. \n\nVast overuse of a sweet miso sauce. \n\nFor the price, tho, skip it. There is way better food at the Bellagio.
Come here all the time with my boyfriend. I love the irish nachos, beer battered sausages, and the fish and chips the most! Will always stop by when I'm in champaign
Who would think that a local bar would have a professional French chef cooking. They serve real dinners not just bar food. The dinners are delicious; so glad I found this place.
My husband being a native New Yorker is always searching for a decent pie. He enjoyed Glass Nickels pizza and plans on coming back. \n\nI thought it was okay but I am an Ian's Pizza junkie.
I have been here several times and always enjoy myself. The menu and the specials are exciting, the staff go out of their way to please you, they have a tremendous wine selection for you winos, and the food is excellent for the price.\n\nNice and dark, with a modern, upscale feel...
Not in the best part of town, especially right now with lightrail construction but it works. This store has just about everything you can ask for or need.
I don't get it what's the big deal with this place. The food is edible... That's all I can say for this place. Not much different than Denny's, maybe a little better. Not a go to place, just an after thought kind of a place for food.
Was not impressed with the food.  I ordered 2 grilled fish tacos.  The taco shell was cold.  Quantity of fish was small.  A lot of cabbage filler.  I was disappointed because I had heard good things.  Probably will not go back.
Absolutely love this place! The owners are super nice and always greet you when you walk in. They always offer water and make sure your comfortable. The pedicure chairs are very comfortable and relaxing. I've been coming here since they opened and I absolutely love it. I always get the same thing, but they always do an amazing job.
Tasty and Affordable\n\nSandwiches and the likes served hot -- a late night haven for intoxicated tourists
This Mickey Mouse operation has been relentlessly spamming me for months.  I AM IN BOSTON, not Charlotte.  I would never patronize a place like this.  \n\nIf you do, be cautious -- DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR EMAIL.
No interesting stores.
Terrible service and totally unoriganized. The waitress was randomly pick customer to serve instead of seating customer in order. The food is very average, but i guess there is really not much vegan places in Montreal.
Alright to hang out once in a while, music is alright only because they actually play a variety of different bands, staff is friendly, drinks are good, haven't tried the food yet, but who needs food when there's beer
Glad I didnt read the reviews before going or I would never had eaten here\n\nSpent Christmas day dinner here and really enjoyed it\nGreat Beef Ribs !!!! \nA very good Key Lime Pie Tart\nOur server was great, quick with clearing plates and bringing new sodas
The most economical way to experience Tom Collichio's food. The whoopie pie was good, the rest of the food was fresh but unremarkable, the service was excellent. The server offered to make the lunch sandwiches even though it was still technically breakfast. $26 for two sandwiches, drinks and one dessert.
Best sushi I've ever had, staff very friendly\n I was in on vacation from palm springs and will come back again.
Guess you have to drop $40 here to get the waitstaff's attention. The bar was busy, but do I have to remind you to get my drink, which you forgot? Also, that my dish didn't come out at all?
Its ok, The bread was nice and crisp but the sandwich in general was ok like the review says I've had better. I think ill stick to Fire-house next time. The turkey and roast beef were bland. But I did love the bread.
Great selection, friendly people.... \n\nI wish I lived local.... I would be spending A LOT of money here!
First time here, food was good, service was good.
Always finding good deals here.
Nothing memorable.  Huge portions, and the price is good, the food looks more like food from a sports bar.  I was expecting more from other reviews and the fact the place is listed as one of the 200 best places in Charlotte.
Good spot on Mill to try a wide variety of beers.  The servers are friendly and knowledgeable of the beers, which is important in a place like this.\n\nIt is a bit loud but they do have an upstairs area that I would recommend if you're with friends and want to have a conversation.
This store is a bit pricey .  Your $$ goes further at H&M and Forever 21.    For the price,   Zara fits the value better.   Also,   I didn't realize many of their garments can't go to dryer.....until it's too late.
Great place to dine before a show, but some dishes can be quite bland.
Quick, easy, inexpensive, delicious Pho. Love the egg rolls, spring rolls, and beef pho!
Love this wellness center for our furry family. Lost our shepherd and they treated him and us with such compassion and respect. Taking our new addition now and their suggestions and confidence boost go a long way to helping everyone adjust. Would recommend highly. Staff are knowledgable and very friendly and accommodating as well.
great food... atmosphere...?... house music in a mexican food joint?  really?\n\ndon't think i'd go out of my way for this one.
Came here on a Friday late night about an hour before closing. Service was slow and waiter got our 2 item order wrong. They were out of one of the topping options (which are few to begin with). Too many other options around to want to ever come back here again.
The service sucks, the place is dirty and cramped and there's usually a line out the door .  But the hotcakes are unique and wonderful; a food always worth the calories and unavailable anyplace else.
Bartender was quite knowledgable and helped me get a terrific wine. Nice ambiance.  Nice relaxing place to chill and have a nice conversation.
Love this place !!!!!!!!! what can you say about the steak my and i love the one in san diego if you want  kobe steak come to Ruth's chris and treat your self
The workers were not helpful at all. They were also rude and too busy talking to each other and texting on their phones to pay attention and answer my questions. This place is awful.
Really oddly laid out. It spirals in on itself. But, it has great stores, especially the ABC Stores, they have all the casual snacks and stuff you'll need. There are some upscale stores and some really affordable ones. Since I'm not a high roller, I prefer this mall.
a nice change of scenery.
This was by far the worse car wash i have ever paid for and the most expensive. I contacted paradise mobile detail because i wanted a top shelf detail done on my truck, but unfortunately i got nothing but poor work. I do not recommend paradise mobile detail to anyone. You're better off going to a car wash.
Food is average, just about the kind of Indian food one would expect. Since this in located inside the Rio, its prices are through the roof! There are better places in LV for Indian Food
Unbelievable repairs...as expected due to Scott's great reputation...but i have to recommend Jason V my service advisor he handled all my concerns and kept me informed all the way through the whole process. Great job guys I will always bring my vehicles to SCW's!!
I give it 3 stars due to the food was okay but not great.  The hummus was so-so...and the beef was dry.  Though it gets 4 stars for the atmosphere....with a live DJ and great music.  O...and another 4 stars for the females...HOT!!
My 81 year old grandmother and I had to leave because one of the servers was so loud during her extremely sexual conversation with another table. It takes a lot to make me blush, but she did it. It was disgusting while trying to eat. It was humiliating in front of my grandmother. Never going back.
Just a solid as east flamingo
Chicken and bacon filled waffles. Can't go wrong!  Plenty to split a meal!
Pizza is definitely not NY style. Soft crust not crisp like NY pizza. Mediocre pizza at best.  Crust tastes like frozen pizza crust. I wont be going back.
I honestly liked it better when is a bistro. The prices, food, and portions served were great back then until they decided to switch into a more restaurant-esque atmosphere. Prices were a little steep, and honestly, it felt like the same portion and flavor of food served back when it was a bistro.
Service was great, but it was freezing cold. Food was okay. I love the decor, the bread basket, and the wine pours.
Good selection of food. Good price.. Lots of crab legs. Lots of sushi, which is ok, but its on ice so the rice gets cold. \n\nMy major beef was that none of the desserts were labeled. \n\nWe'll be back.
They are a chain but quality is excellent.  I would definitely go again.
The hamburgers are delicious the service was great the malts are the best
Definitely a must-try in Phoenix for New Mexican food with some unique twists.  The atmosphere is cool, but the staff can be hit-or-miss depending on who you get as your server or bartender.  Regardless, check it out for yourself for savory food and an authentic feel.
SSSHHHHHHHH    \n\nbut they are the most honest,,  upfront mechanics in Charlotte, \n\nThey have helped myself and many of my friends  with car problems ! and I have never felt cheated !
It's a decent Thai place. Nothing real special. One annoying thing was the lights would flicker every minute or so. Beef Pad Thai was nice though.
Been here 5 times. The last time I went was the best.  I think they worked out all of the kinks. The chicken was cooked perfectly. The salad was fresh and delicious. The star of the show was the beef epinatas.
Good food and an amazing selection of cocktails.\n\nBartenders are friendly :)
I can't believe all these people think this chicken is so good.    It is pre-cooked, then..when it is time to sell, they dump it in hot grease to cook again.  Ugg.   So it is just like leftovers....only hotter
No flavor in their food. The service was great but the food was disappointing.
R&R was great!!! I talked to Mindy the service manager and she was so helpful at explaining everything to me. I had called around and by far Mindy was the best!!! I recommend R&R to everybody.
This place is surprisingly good...the fry bread could really melt in your mouth...it was that good!  I had driven by this place so many times and finally stopped in yesterday.  I can't tell you how much I have been missing the past 6 years!
As expected, they're now closed!
We order for delivery all the time. Love love love. Never fails to be awesome!!!
By far some of the best Chinese food in the area. They give you plenty of food and it's supper yummy. Delivery is always super fast and service is awesome. You get tons of food with the lunch special! Don't get me started on the slushes! Just delish.
My amazing nail tech has arrived at this salon! Judy is the best, creative and quality work! I can't say enough about the nails she had done for my daughter. I think the pictures speak for themselves.
Sweet Chicago pizza\nWe had thick and thin, either way you can't go wrong. 8 slices for the deep dish.\nIt had mildly sweet sauce and canned tomatoes, good portion of cheese and the crust isn't too thick!
Seems a little small and cramped.  Location is ok, prices cheap.  Salesmen have a weird vibe- you can tell they have so many ulterior motives than to actually provide real customer service.
Omg is amazing. The wait is well worth it. The oxtail fries so delicious. The burgers are big and greasy. This is a place to take your friends and enjoy a great meal.
Perfect place to come to for burgers and dogs! Especially if you're from Chicago and miss White Castle ;) they definitely makeup for it with their excellent sliders
The first ingredient in their bbq sauce is ketchup.  Sorry, doctored ketchup is NOT bbq sauce.
You can't polish a turd!  When will these ladies understand that?!  Just because you change your name from Z Girl Club to Zoan and spruce the place up a bit, doesn't change the fact that you are still tacky and totally uncool.
Not sure what the actual reason is for this place. Brought the 4 year old so she could see some random animals. They sell fresh eggs along with some of the seasonal items. They are only open Saturday/Sunday. Think the only reason we'd be back is for eggs, honey, or jam. $1 per person entrance fee.
SHOT-SKI !!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n'nuff said
the good here is decent, a-ok in my book. however, the ambience is a hell of a lot nicer in the bathroom than in the actual restaurant. minus one star for that one.
Great food and great chefs. We have been eating there for 3 years and recently they brought the old chefs back and they are back on their game! Excellent specialty rolls with mega flavor. Fun atmosphere and friendly staff. I would suggest reservations on the weekends as again, they brought their super chefs back and the place is hopping :O)
Amazing food! Fresh, light, and spicy (if you're up for it).  Price point is great for what feels like an authentic Guyanese home-cooked meal.
Love the fresh fruit yogurt parfait.  Usually greeted and served quickly.
Two words. Sweet Pork. That is all you need to know. This place is one of my absolute favorites.\n\nI prefer this place over the likes of Chipotle any day, wish I lived closer.\n\nClosed on Sunday :(
This place is pretty fun. The drinks are neat concoctions and pretty expensive. We went last night and got two entrees and two drinks. With a $20 off coupon it was still $60! But we have gone there before and it is a fun place to go in Vegas! The food was delicious and the staff was friendly
Unfortunately, I must agree with the other reviewer - a friend and I stopped in for lunch and both were underwhelmed. My eggplant was a weak takeoff on eggplant parm and it tasted like it was a frozen entree. Good wine selection - the glass of white helped raise my spirits
Wonderful staff ! Great, artisan wood fired pizza. Bread and Italian \" salsa\" were perfect appetizer.
Best sushi I've eaten, bar none. A little pricey, and service was a tad slow, but the food made up for it.
Absolutely great beers and ales! I must say that the Original Innis and Gunn is one of the best beers I've ever had!
- Very limited menu but in a good way\n- food quality is not what you would expect at a fast food   restaurant, it was very good\n- the employees are nice but a little too excited for your average customer, they take customer service very serious!
Best meditranian restaurant in whole entire las vegas.... great customer service, loved it
Awesome tuna and arugula salad! I have been wanting to stop in eat at this place for a while and boy was I happy I did! The salad was loaded with Tuna, the greens were very fresh and the flavor nice and light. I really enjoyed the atmosphere, the service and the food was outstanding!
the chicken fingers swept me away! i never went to wingstop cuz i hate chicken wings, but when forced to go with an associate, I had to admit after eating those fingers, I shall return to try all flavors (except the hot ones).
We had our wedding at this Beautiful location. The event locations beautiful. The waitstaff  however is not so friendly. Be prepared to have someone do all your work and keep an ion the wait staff
I've never had the burgers, but damn, do they look good. I can say, however, the chicken tacos and chocolate shakes are ultra satisfying. I might even get a craving from time-to-time. Normally, I avoid things like chocolate shakes, but you just can't not get one from The Stand.
I went here because the reviews were good but I was very disappointment. The atmosphere and the staff were very nice which is where the two stars comes from. However, the food was very bland and I thought it was overpriced. This place was a disgrace for a state that is known for their Mexican food.
Had my first pierogi here today. Very tasty!  Chicken florentine soup extremely good. Now going to dive into this Barbecue Chicken Pizza.
Refused to take my cat, which had passed away, for cremation cause I had not been to the clinic previously. IMHO that's ridiculous. I will not recommended anyone to ever come here.
I went here the other night with a friend of mine and we both agreed it was okay. We both got the chicken and it was good but it was anything out of the ordinary and for 20 dollars for a piece of chicken I guess we were expecting more.The service was good but we just weren't really impressed as we thought we would be.
Great service! Mike is a great bartender and Joey is top notch! Reverse happy hour is unbeatable with half off drinks and good!
Great place to chill and relax. The park next to it has a huge field for football and soccer. Plus they have Baseball field, basketball court, and two small dog parks. Then the garden is also part of trail that you can use for walking, jogging, or biking.
Sunday Champagne Brunch was okay. The food was so-so; nothing spectacular and nothing rememberable. Drink as much champagne as you are willing to get up to get. They will not serve you alcohol at your table.
Frozen Hot Chocolate.  That's pretty much it...it's worth the wait and worth trying it at least once, no matter what the impact on your wallet is.
Great place! Even though it was packed, we were served right away. Quick service. Only possible downsize is that it is cash only....
This is the smokiest casino I've ever seen. It's poorly ventilated.  The air didn't seem to be working either. I visited around 7 pm and it was still unbearable. I played on machine while there and there was a sign on the machine saying you get no players points for playing on that craps machine.
Kabobs trio Rocks!
Love the tatami seating, great sushi, delicious teppanyaki
I like this airport. Why? B/c you get FREE WIFI! \n\nI guess you get free wifi b/c you've already lost all your money gambling in Vegas. I wish they had more water fountains though.
Great service and do yourself a favor and try the Chilean sea bass. Out of this world!!!
This place has gone down hill. Stale tortillas and the same size as a 99\u00a2 burrito at Taco Bell. So disappointed I stopped here
Dirtiest nastiest pool party on the strip. Hit up a real pool party like the marquee or encore beach club. Unless u wanna see a bunch of GHETTO yeah that's right GHETTO fat peeps in bikinis wearing night time make up during the day!!
Great place to have a drink with friends before you head out for the night. Great food, great drinks and great service.  If you're in town be sure to check out Blue Martini.
Terribly slow, always. At least they are consistent!
Stayed across the street and went for a quick dinner. I was with a large group and I tried to change their minds about going here based on the Yelp reviews. Service was very fast and the food was solid. When my travel takes me back to AZ (Next summer) I will most likely stop by again ...
The Good Egg wasn't bad, but it wasn't memorable either. I would definitely compare it to an IHOP. There was no charm or character to the restaurant. The food was decent, but just a regular omelet. I'm happy we tried it out, but I don't think it's worthy of returning.
I got a sausage,onioh and pepper sub, couldn't find much sausage, while sub was heater it still had cold spots and bread was soggy partly. Don't get this sub not worth the price
I had the Carnitas Burrito and it had no taste. I definitely know good tasting Carnitas and must echo the sentiments of that famous line in the 1988 VP Debate when I say \"You sir are not a good Carnitas Burrito\".
Avoid at all cost\nOver priced and the food is not even good
Was clean but otherwise, not nice. The contential breakfast was a bottle of sunny d, bad coffee and horrible pastries. The owners/manager was not helpful and rude. The hotel shuttle needs to be booked far in advance too.
Food here is good for the price. They have great deals if you have a boarding pass. They have a great late night menu from 12am-6am must have a boarding pass to use that menu.
Met the sweetest cocktail waitress who was old enough to be my grandma. Had lots of fun here at the slots on my first night in Vegas. It's smokey and could use some renovations, but whatever. I'm just here for oxtail soup from Lanai Express! Yeah, buddy!
Pretty good hot dog . They have a bunch of different hot dogs that you could get so i feel like its worth it. Everyone says its the best hot dog place and its pretty good but i wouldnt say i would CRAVE pink's hot dogs.\n\nDefinitely would come back here though...
Not a family oriented place to go. Especially on Sunday. Obnoxious sports fans and a staff that is accepting of rude behavior. Will gladly spend my money else where.
There was poor selection of foods.\nThe quality of foods was just low.\nIt is not worth to pay $30.00 plus at all.
Definitely not worth it for Restaurant week.  Their regular menu may be good, but I was unimpressed by the selection and price of the Restaurant week items...less than stellar by far.
I have a reservation. They have no cars....for anybody. Not sure how this works as a business.
They never have enough registers open. The manager seems rude. Don't check out at jewelry dept even if your forced...she has no clue what the heck she is doing.
Went on a Sunday night after coming from Lavo.  They played house music.  We walked in and walked right back out.  Totally lost our buzz.
This place is cheap so it's a good place to eat. But make sure you check your bank statements. Several times they have charged our card for more than what our bill said. They added their own tip when we left cash on the table. Check your statements!!!!
Big portions. Homemade food. Mom and pops like diner. Reminds me of where I grew up (the middle of nowhere.)
Very mediocre and overpriced. The breakfast potatoes are Sysco. That pretty much says it all.
Always tasty and seemingly healthy. Prompt service, creative menu.
My boyfriend and I love coming to Cindy's!  It's close to our house so that is a huge bonus. Yhe food here is outstanding! You can tell it's all made fresh with good ingrediants!! The banana pancakes are my favorite thing on the menu but you can't go wrong with anything you order!
Based on fellow yelper's ratings, we gave this place a try, it was good in parking, service, and quality of food. I think we found our new Chinese food restaurant. Thanks everyone.
Not the greatest hotel, but best for children.  Fright Dome was overrun by teenie-boppers.  They need an adult night.
I have only used this place for basic shoe repair but their prices have always been more then fair and they have quick turn around.  No complaints from me.
The Quality is Good, the prices can be a little Steep. I lived behind this place for a year unaware it was here, might want to advertise location a little better.
Got a groupon to try this place out... not impressed. Bad service - food was not great. Will not be back. To top it off, a 20% gratuity was added to our bill.
So much fun!!  This is a much better way to spend you days in Vegas versus day time gambling.  The staff is very cool and patient with beginners.  Make sure to use your check in when you get here so that you can use your discount.  I will be returning here every time I go to Vegas from now on.
I been going to Lims for more than 7 years. Their food is delicious. They have the best fries,orange chicken,rice, crab puffs and chicken wings In town. It's also super affordable and the waitresses are always super nice . I highly recommend to take your family here .
great stuff.
Comfortable and good price and value. \nFriendly staff. \nClose to all kinds of restaurants and shopping. \nNice pool and exercise room, kinda basic yet nice. \nNice gathering room where breakfast is served. \nPlenty of parking, can even put a big rig in here.
First time ever eating here, got a Gyro Salad for lunch. It's huge, only 6.95 and a great fast meal. \n\nOther stuff looks iffy, so eat at your own risk!
Rocking chairs in the airport?? !  An entire row of them!   What an interesting and distinguishing feature.   Also, each area is lined with various eateries, including CPK and Burger King.  Unfortunately, I dined on the latter instead of the former, because I didn't see it in time and was rushing to connect to a flight.
Service is terrible. Stood at a register in a empty restaurant for 10 minutes & the workers looked at me but never acknowledged my presence. Finally ordered & waited for another 15 minutes for a couple tacos. I'll NEVER return.
Extremely knowledgeable and professional staff.  Hard to find pieces.  Excellent service.
This was just plain bad.  It had a really overly thick crust with a thin layer of cheese and sauce.  It tasted like school lunch pizza from high school in the 80's.  The sausage also tasted cheap.  I wouldn't recommend this place.
This place is not bad.  A bit old and roughed up as far as decor.  Staff was nice and pretty efficient. I got the burger salad which was acceptable. Not bad but not great.  Fries were what you would expect.  Again, not the best but not the worst.  It is better than fast food.
Greta service. Rooms. Staff. And of course the drinking and concert venues.
Loves it! Ate here twice during a 5 night stay at Mandalay Bay. First time they were packed but offered seating at the milkshake bar - where we received amazing service.  The burgers are delicious and the service is awesome! Well worth the money!
I don't get it. The salted carmel brownie just didn't taste right and it should be something I'd love given my usual preferences. The sticky buns were tiny and just blah. Not at all good. Gave it away . . . \n\nThe prices are also entirely outrageous.
If you live on the east side of Downtown Madison, take note: this is the only place to pick up the Times on a Sunday morning.  \n\nSeriously, I buy three things at this place: mixers, beer, and the NY Times.  The best cornerstore in walking distance of my apartment.
i have been looking for a new york style pie since i relocated to scottsdale a few months ago. ordered a large cheese pie thin crust and a large new york style crust.\njust terrible is all i can say. no taste no flavor a basic chain style pie with no soul.\n\nnever again.
Came here super late like 3 in the am and needed food bad! Good customer service. They have a great selection. I had the pepperoni pizza and it was OK. It hit the spot because I had been drinking but don't know how it would have been if I was sober!
Annoyed that the very day their new add comes out, I go to the store for 2 items and they have neither.  Nice planning, Officemax.
Love this bar. Mike is the best bartender here! Karaoke on Friday nights and awesome drink specials. I always have a blast here!
Great service. Our waitress didn't write anything down but got all our orders right. There was 11 of us. Jalape\u00f1o burger was yum. The fries not so much. I like my fries crispy and they were hard
guaranteed to screw up your order
This is a great shop for costumes, with staff that takes costuming seriously and goes above and beyond to get it right.  We needed 'American Idol' judges costumes and the costume designer brought out magazine pictures of the judges and a large selection of choices and accessories to get everything just right. Very impressed!
Walk in on sat. Nobody was up front and nobody helped me. So I walked out. Do not go there.
Great food and great service! Ask for Johnny to be your waiter, he will treat you right.
This bar is a waste of space unfriendly bartenders and just no atmosphere I was looking for something upscale since me and my partner paid a 10 dollar door fee it was a horrific experience and I won't go back there again!!
The food is ehh but I eat it when I waiting for my parents semi good food better than the caf. Food in my skyline college cafeteria good semi good quality.
Food was actually good if you ignore the hair I found in there. Perhaps it would have been better if they gave me what I ordered. Usually I would let them know it was wrong but it was a lost cause. Everyone there is too busy to care. At least I finally got my water after I finished my entire meal and right before I left?
Love the environment and set-up. Trendy with a bit of class. I had there egg plant apetizer and it was amazing! The sauce was great!
pathetic customer service...  ordered a decaf for my mom.  they said they don't brew after noon but they would start a pot.  after 7-10 min of waiting I went to check on it and they didn't even have it started yet!  just canceled the order cuz we had to make our movie time.
Wisconsin in the final 4!
Friendly staff, Alfredo Supremo, White Sangria.
I've only ever had dessert crepes here but they were divine. Nutella, strawberries and ice cream for me please. mmmm. Their cappuccino was also quite tasty.
Not a Danny's car anymore, with Danny's if your a member & they have your plate # in the system.... A basic wash is $6.95!  @ this place $12. 95.... They must use better water.... NOT!  Never again!
Excellent French food for my first visit to Montreal!
Very tasty pizza, especially good marinara sauce. I had the portabello/Gorgonzola pie and it was excellent. My son had a cheese calzone and garlic knots-excellent. Another table had these huge salads and buffalo chicken pizza which looked great. They have lots of outdoor tables and a large indoor space.
The last few times I have been here the customer service has been so great! Everyone has been so friendly and seem to genuinely care about how the store is perceived! Glad to see they made some changes since my last review!
I would highly recommend - I foster dogs so it seems I am always at the vet.  I love the people who work here and so do all my dogs. PLUS they are very client service focused -  Highly suggest
This Safeway is fantastic because it is open way past most grocery stores in the area. They usually have everything I need and their coupon policy is great! The lines are fast and the people are very nice! I always go there now, I refuse to go anywhere else.
This place is not good and their billing department is the worst! I am about to write to the Better Business Bureau!
Mediocre sandwiches and milk shakes. Also, the woman behind the counter was very rude and had a terrible attitude.
This store was super cute and had the best, most creative handmade jewelry. I loved the bottle cap necklaces and some of the other really cool designs. The owner was very friendly and welcoming. I thought the prices were very reasonable. What a cute little store with super cute stuff!
The barber did a double take when I walked in. I had long hair and a beard two weeks old. He did a great job in less than 30 minutes and was very social and pleasant throughout.  The straight razor shave with all the hot towels and other treatments was particularly cool.
Found the Triple George Grill when walking to the Mob Museum.  Everything we had was awesome! All staff were very nice, especially Cameron who was avery attentive server and gave great suggestions!
View is cool. Steak was average. The spinach salad is really tasty. Expected more.
Other than the little drink incident, food was great. You really get a lot of food too!!! I was surprised how much they packed in those styrofoam boxes. Thanks yelpers! Will eat here again for sure!
Great casual lunch place with lots of room and parking considering it is located in the busy Biltmore area. The pick-two combos are very reasonably priced and they serve a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal. Their chicken enchilada chili is very tasty.
The food is great but but not worth the incredibly slow service. The drive they takes forever.
Love their macaroni cheese.
I like this Airport . Its got quite a few Restaurants and a Bar. Lots of shuttles to and from. Slot Machines and great people watching.
Food here is overpriced for what it is. If they dropped the prices down a bit, it might be worth it. However, the service is god-awful. Some of the most aloof, clueless servers I've ever had. Bottom line: This place is NOT worth it.
I applied for a auto loan refinance at a very attractive 2.98%. From the initial call to signing the documents it took 4 business days and a very smooth transaction. I met with Monika M. today at the branch where she had all documents ready to be reviewed and signed. Thank you for a professionalism and attention to detail.
Being from California, I am pretty snob when it comes to Vietnamese foods.  Noodles Ranch could be the best one in Scottsdale, but it's ok by my CA standard.   Price was pretty decent, and settings are beautiful!
Good: Pecan buns\n\nBad: it's over 1,000+ calories. (I guess this is good since I'd be eating this everyday!)
great service and atmosphere but the food was overpriced and not that great. i ordered blackened salmon and it definitely was not blackened. \n\ni'd come back for a drink but not the food.
I hate Mcdonald's I go tto be really really Hungry to eat there but my kids like it. This location service is what u expect from Mikey D's, nothing more nothing less.
ok. fish burrito was decent, but definitey get the crab and shrimp dip
Absolutely terrible!! \nSave your money and headache. Get someone else. They did new locks and keys for our new home few months back and i am getting them all done over again. Cannot recommend them!
Delicious large bagels and bialys that toast really well.  Great selection of sandwiches and homemade salads. Quick and very friendly service.
Horrible food, awful pain in my stomach the next day. Did not like the freshness of the food or how it was prepared. Service is not bad and they have cheap drinks compared to other places but the food is kinda fail. The pho isn't horrible but there are so many better places in the area
I will drive completely out of my way to use this car wash. Super service, free vacuums - rescued me from a prior bad car washing experience. Thanks, guys!
Standard GNC store. Friendly staff. Fully stocked with everything you would expect from a nutrition store.\n\nJoin their Gold Card program and save $$. Save extra the first 5 days of each month.
The service is awesome here and I really like the atmosphere, music, etc too bad noone wants to sit with a interracial couple at Teppanyaki table ...........too bad for them hahahahaha!!!!!! I am really enjoying this : )
Rude with no call backs!  They don't even deserve a star!  Once they get your $$$, it's over.  Call someone else.
Yummy.....bring your own bottle of wine...eddie will open for ya
Not good. Enchiladas weren't even heated, tostada shell was stale, soda was flat.\n\nWe won't bother going back.
Worst sushi ever.. The Korean waitress was hot tho.  Seriously why is this place even open?  I think the guy making my sushi was not even Korean he was like Filipino or something. So weird...Save your money!
Really enoyed our dinner, we tried the Shepards Pie and Fish and chips, both were very good.  Nice place on a residential street, will return
Carne Asada was great. Drinks are weak. Chile Rellenos are the worst. Ever. Very bland restaurant.
This place was ok. Classic drive in burger grub. However it took a good 1/2 hour to get our food. Not cool. Garden burger was satisfactory and the seasoned fries, crisp. I was told the burgers were very fresh and they have tater tots. Just don't expect a quick meal.
Good food and Ice cool beer! what more can you ask for. the chilie is awsome
So yum yum!
Great food, good atmosphere, good service. Had chicken and steak fajitas, both meats were juicy and flavorful. Could have been a little cleaner, some chip crumbs in our booth and a cart of dirty dishes/glasses was left out in the open. Otherwise great experience.
They opened a few weeks after I started taking my first jewelry class. Since then, they are my best supplier.
A Mexican place that doesn't understand that you do not serve salsa in tiny cups that are too small to dip chips in.  That's what I call \"Mexican't\".
If you are returning home or new to PHX, good luck figuring out where to park or how to get back to your car.  Just not a very well thought out airport.
I give this place 1 because of the 2 separate occasions. my pizzas were mostly sauce and very little toppings then when I confront them about it they say they can't do nothing about it. People DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT go here completely ripoff
the food is so  good here, I 'm very  glad that I found this place. My husband and I love the real taste of food . the lady who work there is so friendly.
Pretty good place for lunch.  I had the pineapple fried rice with pork and it was really good.  Very large lunch menu as well as a pick two/three items from the buffet for a reasonable price.  The restaurant was very clean and the waitstaff was quite attentive.
Interesting place on main st , lots to choose from with decent prices. Indoor and outdoor seating available, it's nice to sit outdoors on a winters day.
We paid $16 for the greasiest pizza ever. \n\nMy buddy who had one slice immediately took a giant, smelly dump in my room at NY NY.
Consistantly an hour and a half to two hour delivery time. THAT'S ABSURD. Service is slow and rude. Pretty much all of the staff acts as though they are doing you a favor. Pizza Hut Co. Really needs to make some changes to this location. It just plain sucks.
We eat at Fat Willy's probably once a month, We always find the service to be good and the food tasty and cooked to order!
Mediocre food.  Absurd wait times.  Cilantro in every pore of the meal.  REALLY REALLY LOUD.\nCabo, I'm just not that into you.
Terrrrrrrrrible service. Cheap frozen food. Never got the sides we asked for 3 times from our waitress and the hostess.
First visit today--and I loved it! Great Americano, and barista was super friendly and fast. Will be back.
Decided to try this place out for lunch one day, since we work down the road. Great lunch specials large portions and decent price. Food was all good standard american chinese. Plus a light sushi bar. Service was quick and polite.
Poor service, mediocre food, and quite frankly Southwest Airlines makes a better margarita!  Avoid Mucho Gusto!
Yasu has great atmosphere. Yasu has good service. Yasu also has good sushi. \nI'm not sure that there was anything remarkable about this place, but it is a quality place to go for sushi. I think it's a little pricier than it should be.
Ordered burgers medium well! They came out pink and bloody ! Gross  ..\nThe sever said yep, we're having a problem with the cook? Wtf ? If you know there's a problem how about fixing it once !? Mfers..
I'd go to more Suns games just for the entertainment and half time shows!
All I remember is a HUGE and delicious chicken nacho. There was so much cheese that the waitress actually brought us extra chips to scoop it up. And it was ridiculously cheap. I'll go back sometime and see if other dishes are as good.
We really like Cheesecake Factory, but eat there only on special occasions since it's so pricey. We also don't have one in Prescott, so we can only eat there when we go down the hill to Scottsdale. This trip we went there for dessert after eating dinner elsewhere. Great cheesecake!
Great food!  Love the crawfish fondue and Cajun skillet.
Looking old and tired. But, a good price, especially considering the free breakfast. I hear that they might be shutting down in December because the mall wants the land.
Great service, and while all of the food was very good, it wasn't life-changing like our waiter claimed ;-). We went as a group of about 10 and had a back room to ourselves. They make a great Manhattan with leather and tobacco infused bitters--ask them about their bitters program.
The store is wonderful. Ask for Barb. She has been so helpful this past year. We have used them a few times and always so helpful. Amazing selection.
Too expensive for a burger without fries. The service is good but definitly not worthed.
Love the place. \nWe watched World Cup final there with friends. Great atmosphere. \nGood food.
To much smoke, and sex going on in the parking lot stay away if your not into all that, but if your a smoker and into hook ups like a low life that it's a place for u. Yes I been in the bar it ok for the 2-4-1 but not a friendly staff.
Fantastic, authentic, stunning pizza. We are so lucky to finally get some good eats right in the neighborhood. I will go back. Frequently.
Food was ok.  I was hungry, so I'm probably being generous.\n\nThe place is cool, if you are into Cowboy bars.  This is a fun place to take out of town guests for a drink.
This theater gets dirtier everytime I go in it.
Best ice cream in the city! Just beware the neighborhood.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! It's always my first stop when I come to Vegas. There's normally a wait and the staff is not great but the food truly makes up for it. OOOh if only they will come to Houston, I would weigh a few hundred pounds!!!
I understand everyplace has its rules. My friends had a pre-wedding party here. And at 10pm it becomes a \" standing bar\" only. But did your staff have to be rude to the parents who were still sitting down a little respect goes a long way. We will not be going back.
I like this place, but man, it can take a little bit of time to get your order.  Much faster when I walk in to get a to go order than when I sit down.  Love the panang and the shrimp pad thai.
They finally got it right and no more problems.
Fantastic place in Old Town Scottsdale...I just love the feel to this place - so relaxing and comfortable.  The servers are fantastic too!
One of the best restaurants in Phoenix.  I take all my guests here when they visit town.
Long waits and teenage workers with bad attitudes...nuff' said.
Food is great but awful service experience!  OWNER made me feel like crap for pointing out 2 cash registers may help them... AND 1/2 an hour later when I hadn't rec'd my food yet!  She needs training!
The food is not that good! I had the cheese enchiladas and the rice and beans and it was just \"normal\"! I am 100% sure I could cook better! that's not a good thing!
Cane's sauce is addicting. Good service, quick and juicy chicken. Never had an order be wrong, cold or gross.
Wow! I needed a few electrical items fixed on a Binzer for a house I am selling, and I needed it done fast. Michelle came out THE SAME DAY and rocked out the items for me in a professional manner with very competitive pricing! HIGHLY recommend!
Highly recommend this place! Clean, friendly and pretty quick in getting you seated. Ask for Tommy, he always does a fantastic job.
I am pleased to recommend EVDC. Everyone was very helpful and professional. PA Julie took the time to answer all my questions and explain in detail the procedures that were being done.
Awesome smoked wings!!!!!!
Terrible thai food, the yellow curry did not have the authentic in-depth flavor profiles. There was not a trace of coconut milk, all I tasted was watery curry. Also, had me glued to the toilet all night. Shanks, but no thanks.
Cheap but delicious great service we actually left our iPhone in the restraunt and the server ran out to the car and returned it. Huge portions too! And supper fast
Great food as expected from BJ's. Love the Jerry Burst and potstickers. Great service and awesome happy hour prices.
I had a great experience at Polished. \n\nAfter visiting Polihed I am addicted to getting my nails done! Already dreaming after what color to get next. I have had my gel manicure on for three weeks now  and it still looks amazing.
I normally won't eat at the ichi Ban chain. The sushi is normally sub-par. But at this location, there is a line a lunch and dinner. The cheif is talented and the staff are friendly and fast. For an ichi Ban, 3 stars is a very high rating.
above average to good sushi at compelling prices. Service is....deliberate.
The place is beautiful and the service was great. The lunch menu could have had more pasta dishes in my opinion. Food was good but nothing I would go back for and the eggplant lasagna was a bit salty. Overall it's a nice place to check out at least once but a bit overpriced.
Very tasty and cool place \nBit overpriced
boling crab how can you go wrong with this place man the best ever i will be back soon .
This place is ok except all the old ties everywhere. It's like eating dinner in a closet with 50 years worth of dirty laundry. Some people like that I guess, but I avoid this place.\n\nOver priced for mediocre food.  Service average.
Fun lil tappas place. Good atmosphere. Different areas for intimate dining, group dining or entertaining view from the bar. Server was informative without being pushy. Portions fill you up just enough.
Food here tastes pretty bad...delivery took a really long time and I live right down the street. I wanted to give it a good review. Better off at sidewinders or jimmy johns.
Great food. Great beer. Great service. Great atmosphere.
I stopped by this restaurant the last time I was in Montreal for a quick lunch. The sandwich I got was good and it wasn't too expensive. Definitely a place I will go again when I'm not looking to spend to much, or it's a Sunday and everything else is closed.
Crab cakes tasty but very small,  jumbo shrimp skewers not very jumbo, great coffee, over pricy
I wish I had asked for earplugs. Oh well. Good time, though. This is probably geared more toward kids or younger adults; it would be overreaching to call the show sophisticated. We went on a whim last minute, and did have a very good time.
Not a dive bar, not a biker bar, its a garage bar. The front opens up like a garage. Basically If you want to drink and play video poker while a few cute girls serve beer and food then I think Al's garage is your place. Plus I appreciate any bar where I hit Deuces for $200.00
Understaffed and overworked.  Clientele... Rarely anyone under the age of 65...counting 345 pennies for the coffee they want to buy. Great friendly staff... Just need more. This place is always busy... Step it up!!
Nice place. Was greeted by Dylan and he was a cool guy. They didn't have the equipment I was looking for however I will come back in the future. Dylan when above and beyond to answer all my questions. Great place
Don't waist you're money..Go to the store and make your own breakfast.
This place is like any other MCD's locations. The drive thru is pretty quick and my order was ready as I pulled up to the 2nd window after paying. Exactly how a drive thru should be!
I just had my first brazillian today. It was amazing!  Trish really made me feel comfortable in a potentially awkward situation. Not once did I feel self conscience. She went over the after care very throughly and what to expect with regular sessions. I recommend to everyone to go to Pretty Kitty and get something done.
Really cool bar club that if you get on the rooftop you can have a great view from up high. Enjoy will go again
I rescind my previous review. Whatever kinks with food and service existed when the Old Fashioned opened no longer exist.  The walleye fish fry is the best in town. (and so are the aforementioned cheese curds.) You must take out of townies here.
was in vegas for halloween weekend, pho is still good at this place.. oh thank heaven for pho kim long :))
The food was ok but I've experienced better.
Everything in here is over price. I was looking for pee pads for our dog package of 20 was 30 . Walked out went to Ross had them for 10 dollars for 20. Then I was going to buy a pillow for him but that was over price it was 25 dollars Ross had it for 12 dollars .
Always friendly service. Decent quality food.
Just eat here. Never in my life have I met a croissant like the one I eat here. The hit cocoa and brownies are fresh and delightful, especially on a Rainey morning. This cafe made me very happy.
I thought the whole idea for the cold stone was to mix things with the ice cream you order. Didn't happen when I was there. The girl barely touched it, threw it in the cup, & called for the next in line.  Not impressed.
It was really close from my mom's house though so..\n\n\nit was just one of those, \"will-do\" restaurant :)
Excellent Tex-Mex. Fantastic brisket. Some very creative options on the menu. Good top-shelf margarita too!  As a solo diner from out of town, the staff made me feel welcome. Excellent service on all three of my visits.
This place is for the serious shopper but you can still find bargains especially in the mens shirts, pants, and shoes but you have to know the brands and review all of the garments for tears, discoloring,etc.   It is a fun journey for those whom like an adventure.
I haven't had to stay in this place for long periods of time like other airports, but i hated the walk from Security area to the gate.... it took FOR EVER!\n\nThere seems to be some ok food there though.
We love Vdara. The rooms are comfortable and the perfect size. The hotel is quiet, the pool is lovely, and the staff is friendly. Two minor complaints: 1) no self parking. 2) no restaurants. But there are plenty of restaurants in Las Vegas to choose from. \nWe like Vdara.
Couldn't even think about making an appointment after dealing with the absolutely WORSE admin on the phone.  Regardless of the how good the therapist is, Vicky kept me from walking through the doors.  Find someone useful to talk to your potential clients.
This is THE bakery to come for cakes!! My family's favorite spot for cakes. Their other baked goods are really good too. Their almond cracker/cookies are so yummy! Goes great with coffee or tea. I really wish they changed the decor and seating though.
Do not come here. Not worth the time or money, and service was extremely terrible.
I love the patio and I love the food.  Great chips and salsa and french fries too!  Steak tacos are the bomb, even though they are tiny.  Pretty decent happy hour and great service.  Welcome to the neighborhood!
its a nice local casino.  Just dont go in there when a rodeo is in house.  This place gets packed quick.
Everything's fine here... they do seem to run out of chicken at times so like dark meat they were out of on a few occasions. otherwise I go back often, drive-through is fast and accurate.
You'd think that this location would be fast and efficient. Not the case. With two people in front of me it took over 15 minutes to get 2 bagel sandwiches.
Another vote for the tasting menu.   Had dinner on a slower Thursday night and was blown away with the quality and service,. Every course was explained in great detail as it came out so it was truly an introduction to some great food. No course was a disappointment.
This location is now permanently closed.
Fresh and Easy rocks. Its one of the best small grocery stores in Vegas. The store is clean, easy to navigate, great prices, and frequent discounts. The staff at this location are friendly and helpful.
Tom yum soup (3 on the spicy level) was pretty good. Also had the DW fried rice with beef instead of chicken (level 2) which was very very very good. For desert we had the cheesecake with ice cream and that was yummy too.
Wow, this place has gone downhill fast. It used to be my go to late night restaurant. Not any more.\n\nFried rice tasted stale, and the chicken tasted odd.
Great burgers. Fast service. Not enough seating. So what, you get free peanuts? Cajun fries are nothing special. Absolutely no feeling of human/customer service presence. In and out is cheaper and better...
Awesome delivery specials and super friendly staff! We just ordered from them for the second night in a row, and I wouldn't be surprised if we ordered from them a third time. Ordered both nights around 1 AM, and our pizzas arrived hot, on time, and delicious.
I've gone a few times, ordered something different each time, hoping that something stood out as good. No such luck.\nLasagna, manicotti, and of course pizza. Nothing was that good.
Stop by early afternoon on a Saturday, walked around looking for a host/hostess, I was not acknowledge at all, the place looks dirty and smells of cigarette smoke, although there was no one smoking. I was afraid to take an available seat and not be served or totally ignored. So I left I went to another area restaurant that is a delight.
Excellent place to eat,.nice presentation, .excellent taste, and they actually give you a nice portion, .service is friendly,  and nice ambiance,  finally found a thai restraunt to go to!! Well worth your time and money!!
LONG wait that really wasn't worth it. I liked the idea of the pretzel bun but it wasn't executed well. Poor service.
Over priced and not any better than other Chinese places in the area.
Terrible customer service. Was treated to rudely in front of my child and husband. Will never go here again. I recommend finding a different restaurant.
The food was delicious and the service was great! Our waitress was friendly, sweet and attentive. I couldn't ask for anything more.
Pretty good food and really good beer but service was not the best. Got the wrong order and it was not corrected.  Also waited a really long time with an empty beer for the check.
Lunch here was just right, not too much and not too little. I was able to try two of the salsas and they were right on. I really want to go back and try something else!
WHY ARE YOUR CUPCAKES SO GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nIt's like pokemon... gotta try 'em all. hahaha. I heart macha =)
The pizza is amazing.. love the sauce and the brick oven flavor. I usually have to order an extra pizza after I devour the first one. Wish I got a little more pizza for the money - but isn't that always the case. Their cheese is great too - I highly recommend it!
The free wifi rocks here. And like the other reviewers, not too crowded and a lot of charging stations in the southwest terminal!
Excellent!! they have good from from various parts of the world
Got my car wash there today. I've been going for three years now at least once every week, fantastic, best place in town bar none to get your car wash, I strongly recommend
Gotta get the deals we need one of theses stores in Hawaii.... Great place to shop
This place is awful.  They mess up my order and then over charge  me.. wouldn't refund me my money.. The drive thur sucks.. never again at this location..
I fly out of here mostly on business but I've spent 20 mins in security and 2 hours so its always a crap shoot.  Pun intended.
my favorite bar in tempe. i have been going here for the last 8 years. the food is great and the music is great. \n\nget the french onion soup. my absolute favorite!
The food and service is great at Eddies Place!!! If you in the area this is a nice place to stop even if your on a budget.   I had the chicken and waffles with grits.  Everybody in my party had something different and loved their meals.  My server Kent was friendly and very helpful on the food choices.
this place is amazing. if you are vegan, GET HERE. the donuts taste better than i remember. the glazed are obviously the best, but any of them will do. top two rows are vegan. if you are in las vegas DO NOT SKIP THIS PLACE!
Shared triple burger with my wife and had perfect people watching over the strip!  Great experience!
Dirty. Broken elevators. Smokiest casino and rooms on the strip. Would not stay here again.
Went here for the first time and was not disappointed. Delicious food and good service.  Was not as cheap as I thought it would be but well worth the money. I'll definitely come back here when I visit Vegas
On top of waiting forever to be seated, I had a coupon going in and it disappeared while I was eating their terrible pancakes
Got their mexican hot chocolate and it was good! I wished it was little less spicy...they put a little too much cayenne pepper.
Incredible customer service! Scheduled them for an airport pick-up before Thanksgiving. They called to let me know driver was delayed and to keep me ontime, reimbursed me for my fare in another cab.
Not impressed! Over priced for the quality of food and the lack of selection. \n\nWe went for lunch and all I can say is I wish we didn't. The only good thing we found here was the desserts. Do yourself a favor and get a nice meal for the same price.
Went to the drive-thru pharmacy pick-up and the pharmacist, Ron Horvath, was a complete jerk. I waited for 10 minutes after his rude and dismissive attitude over the intercom system. He needs to be taught some customer service skills.
This place is the best I have found in Vegas! A bit more on price but worth it. Very clean and friendly. Large selection of gel and regular colors. There is no one here who \"sucks\" so you never have to be afraid of getting stuck with a \"bad\" person. I will not go anywhere else.
We went because of an episode we saw on 3d.    Dissapointed.    No air conditioning, noisy neighbors without reason, i.e.  not cool kids, old ladies cackling.  The pancake was not as seen, nor the pork dip.....we will not be back
I had some sushi and salad was better than I thought. It's an american Japanese dining (served soup was first and some other reasons) but very good food and nice interior. All servers were nice/friendly. I didn't know they have soba and ramen.\nI will go tomorrow again for sure!!
I loved the tree of life! The variety is awesome here! I love the location, its pretty much an awesome place for open minded people looking for great taste in food with many meatless options!! My boyfriend also enjoyed his food which did have meat in it.. can't wait to go back!!
Gross, cold food and our noodles were way over cooked. Our waiters didn't care about us and seemed mad and ignored us. The bathrooms are also terrible.
Prices are descent, cashier seemed drunk and service was incredibly slow. Very nice environment though.
Awesome food.\nFantastic Service\nGood Price\nI ordered Chicken Curry Bowl. I am hungry when i entered but still I could not eat the entire thing. \nQuality of the Food is good.\nI will sure suggest this restaurant to my friends.
Its ok but I never seem to enjoy myself when I am here. I would rather drink at home.
Decent breakfast spot. I prefer I-Hop though.
I love this bar. I love the beer selection. I love the bartenders. I hate the music. The music selection isn't appealing toward any sort of crowd. A jukebox for customer selection would be awesome. The music transitions are terrible and ruins the ambiance of the bar.
Nice place, very rustic and southwestern. The prime rib was very tender and tasted great. The service could be a little quicker, but other than that its an outstanding family restaurant.
Hire these guys!! Unbelievably easy and they saved me a ton of money and time. Thank you all, what a blessing it was to find you.
Worst breakfast on the planet. We ordered 2 turkey bacon/egg white/cheese/English muffin sandwiches. Fairly quick with the food. Cost was $25. English muffin was soaked and floppy with oil yet still burnt somehow. Egg was good. Very messy and not at all what I would have expected here at Encore.
We love it , all bartenders are friendly n awesome people. I am here everyday with tara n the crew. Amazing veggie pasta.  If u see a big group sitting at the patio thats us having a great time!
Went here based on the reviews for lunch and found the food and service very average. Had clam chowder and BBQ beef. Both were average at best.
Another ugly haircut like everywhere in Pittsburgh. For $60 with the owner. Trusted the reviews, but now look like a Pittsburgh redneck. No hair on the sides and long on the back!
This place is truly amazing. I had the red beans and rice with a slice of cornbread and it was so good that it made me feel like I was in my grandmother's kitchen!!!! The service was as warm and wonderful as the food!!!!
Since my last review they have cleaned house of the rude waitresses and the staff is great now. However, management quit offering a side salad and now only offer a giant size. Managers! Please bring back the smaller side salad. It is costing you business cause now we don't order any salad. Bummer!
I'll be honest love your food. Being gluten-free and knowing I'm not limited! Awesome! Your service isn't my fav but tonight I dined alone at the bar and was very pleased.  Great service! Don't know his name but know I'll be at the bar next time for sure!
Great little hidden place. The breakfast is fairly large (and even cheaper if you go before 10am) and the burgers are quite tasty.\n\nIt's a simply, good, old fashioned diner and if you're into greasy spoons, check it out!
Great enchiladas, beans, and rice. Packed for lunch so plan ahead. Consistently good.
Truly the worst car rental company.This is the second time this month they left me in a long line because they don't have enough staff.Them and Thrifty (they are partners) are the only ones who have a long line at 11:30 at night.Save yourself and go with a different car rental company.
The pizza was good.  I loved the crust.  However the Caesar salad sucked.  The croutons were soft and there wasn't enough dressing.  The beer selection was just OK.  So sorry, one star lost.
A fun selection of children's clothing and some of the more unusual (and pricey) accessories.  This is one of the only places I've seen dinosaur stuffed animals.
Went there for an anniversary party.  Sat on the outdoor patio.  Very pleasant and great food.  Nothing too fancy, just great food!
Amazing! Perfect! Definitely coming back and adding this to my list of favorite places! The Ceaser salad was so unique and amazing. Homemade Ceaser dressing. Hummus had so much delicious garlic, pita bread was outstanding. Loved the homemade baklavah. Mint tea was so good.
Don't ever go here in any holiday and expect to use any coupons that they send out for a free appetizer. They said no so I got a glass if water and the cheapest thing on the menu. I would have gotten much more but because of their attitude they don't deserve anything.  Shame on you Texas Roadhouse.
Sometimes you can disguise mediocre food with nice packaging. That's Sol Y Sombra. Over priced for what you get. I've NEVER left there feeling like....wow....I just had a fantastic meal. Very disappointing.
First Lobster Roll ever.  Friggen Awesome.
Great club.   I love the roof that opens to the sky.  One of the best clubs in Vegas located at the Palms.
Nothing outstanding to report. Seemed to be the same as most other Applebee's around town.
I really don't know why I keep going back here. The service was pretty bad this time around and the food was worse. I ordered steak quesadillas and they were filled with steakum! Wtf? THe only thing that Hooters can make edible is their Buffalo Shrimp. Carolina Pavilion desperately needs another sit down restaurant.
Queso dip is media oker. Cheese cake is good, the trio is good.
AWESOME steakhouse with a lovely view of the pool!  Truff Mac-N-Cheese is a winner. Bone in Ribeye another favorite!  See the pix I uploaded :)
I am the store currently waiting for one hour and half and they have not even started to replace my tires . The sales person said I needed tires when my mechanic told me I had 20,000 miles left this store seems very aggressive I am sad to say that their customer service had changed. I look curious if management will look into this
Kinda blah... their yogurt tastes kinda watered down or something. It just isn't as creamy and sweet as other places around the valley. I do like the variety of toppings and the staff is really friendly, but overall it's nothing special.
Kevin was excellent- diagnosed the problem quickly, part came fast- called & came on time. Very happy with service & would highly recommend.
Just like any other sushi place with a high pricing for the average quality
I like the variety of the yogurt- but it feels a lot more expensive than say, Yogurtini.  This place is closer to home- and I enjoyed the marshmallow flavor- but when I come here I expect to pay more.
The place smells like a burning tire when you walk in. Service was ok, but the food wasn't very good. We were dissapointed with the entire experience. I won't be returning.
i'm from new orleans and omg i had my first pierogie, stuffed cabbage with egg noodles from this truck and it was absolutely amazing!!! i'm dying for more of this goodness!!!!
Best vape shop in the valley 7 bucks for a 30ml and they custom make it. Staff is very knowledgeable.
Overrated and expensive. When Oceanaire opens at the Biltmore, I'd gladly drive down there versus Ocean Club.
Always consistent and delicious! Love the green hot sauce! Chicken tacos are my favorite!!
This place is clean, decorated very cute and the ladies are all friendly and super accommodating. I've never had an issue getting in even when it's last minute and the prices are fair. I get gel overlay and they never disappoint.
Service was pretty good. They were pretty fast. Only took less than an hour to install two tires. They were mostly balanced. But I had to return the next day to have them probably stow my spare tire instead of just throwing it in the trunk
Dropped in fir breakfast twice while we were in Gilbert.The Blueberry Pancakes were to die for.I've never tasted any so good.
The French fries have been horrible lately taste like they have been cooked in old grease. Fried hard and over season.  Wings are still good but hold the fries
They now have a police tower in the parking lot because the auto theft is so bad which wont keep me from coming back because I have full coverage but it is a worry every single time still.   I hope they can clean this place up.
Yogurts are tasty and good but lack of flavors. There is no change in flavors except one fruit change.
Please see my other review for Summerlin Hospital. Again, there are 2 Yelp pages for the same business.  When I checked in I guess it checked into a different one. :)
Love the Lobster enchiladas; not on the menu, special item usually Saturdays. The flan is excellent. Family run business, very friendly people. Recipes have been handed down for generations.
We used to go here all the time, but then we found out how much cheaper it was to shop at Walmart.\n\nAll in all the service has been pretty good at this location, but the last few times I have gone in it looks to be a whole new crew... Wonder how that's going?
Creative combinations but good old cheese-by-the-slice is top quality, and that is what I am concerned with.
Drinks were served in filthy glasses & the flatware had food stuck on it! Complained to the waitress- who nicely apologized but the manager never came out! Still got charged for the undrinkable drinks.
I have ate here at least 7 times never been disappointed, the food is fresh and the price is so low. Its rare to find that, love the chicken tortas here.
Boring and extremely over priced sandwich.  And how can you call yourself a sandwich place and not carry pepper jack cheese. Disappointed!!!!
It's a real good smoked meat. The hurry up and get out part is what irks me. That and the tourist line up on the weekends.
I moved to Turnberry (West Tower) in February. I LOVE This place, and I never want to leave. The valet, front desk/concierge, security, leasing office,  maintenance, to the weekly flower arrangements in the lobby...This building is first class all the way.
Came here as part of a club crawl, didn't get it. It didn't do much for me at all. The girls weren't that great either. Too many dudes and it wasn't any better than the average bar back home. Honestly, I've been to better Howl at the Moons.
LONG WAIT!  never again will we use this rental car company.
Belch. Not sure how these places have survived. Save yourself some cash and get Frys deli fried chicken.
Unpretentious place - family owned . Good breakfast but also a place we like to go for salads and soups for dinner ( although they close a little early - 7pm:((.  Great service !  Try the fried zucchini - good stuff
I like this restaurant so much I drive 30 + minutes. It is good, huge portions, clean & friendly. I was very disappointed today. I ordered chicken. I paid then sat down. then they inform me that they do not have anymore chicken available. This is @ 3 pm on Saturday
was told wait for 20 mins for to go , but finally it took 50mins to be ready....tastes fine.
Extremely disappointed. Enough said.
The Pink Taco in vegas have great food! But! They have the worse service, I mean all the waitress are lazy and rude! They are walways chit chating and not working!
Excellent for the middle of the corn fields. I wish this was around back in the day. Their sauces are rich and flavorful.
I love sephora especially for samples. Being able to try out products before dropping some big bucks is always nice! Only thing i had a hassle with is not being able to exchange or return things from a freestanding sephora at a sephora in jcp. Just be warned! Love sephora tho
Terrible service. Gave our table away to the wrong people and was rude when we asked when we were up. Made me my pregnant wife and my 3 year old wait for nothing but being treated rudely by the woman seating people. I would skip this restaurant.
I was expecting this to be lame, but it was fine. The coffee was really good and reasonably priced, the service was super friendly and they had really good tomato soup too!
Order placer person nice. Everything else sucked. The greasy floor was especially bad. An old woman would have busted a hip on that oil spill. Order wrong. Stuff not available. First and last time.
Tonight my bf and I was here the service was alright the buggers was good the fries was a bit over cooked
Great decor, great food, one of the best buffets I've been too aside from the buffet at the Wynn, def recommend coming here!
Really good crab rangoons.  Lots of choices of bubble tea.\nI almost always get the Signapore rice noodles or the Pad Thai.\n\nSince it's in Oakland, you're going to see quite a few students.  Sometimes it can be noisy during busy hours.
Amazing food and coffee!
very good, very refreshing, very fresh with a very creative spin on how to make a good sandwich, all in all my new favorite sandwich spot. fukk subway lol...
A bit pricey but the food is worth every single penny. Lobster dip was an amazing appetizer and the lighting/decor is very comfortable. Great place for business lunch
When u gotta clog the arteries I'm sure you know where to go. Service here is fast and the employees are always smiling
Although the severs and staff are extremely friendly and helpful, nice and clean decor, this does not make up for the over-seasoned food.  Simply said, the excess salt masked the natural flavors of the food and made it unpleasant to consume.
Nothing much seems place is going down on service. Prices were raised and they removed the free popcorn..WTH?
Love Fatburger, service was great.. just like other parts of the strip it is crowded and loud but the food is great.
Went for the first time with my family.  I was really surprised how small it was but it was very comfortable.  The sever was very nice and everyone liked the food.  Will go back
Amazing deep dish pizza!!! Family owned and operated...the owners and the kids are absolutely charming! Best place to get a great pizza in Phoenix!!!
Good people I ask for a come over they did a good job I did get a little slice up with the razor and razor burn but over all hair look ok but it is price $25 dammm  what ever happen to a $12 hair cut plus tip... Sorry no tip after $25 bill
This is the closest LA fitness to me for 10 miles. Its location isnt too terrible,  but the men's locker room smells awful. I wouldn't think anything of it if it was the afternoon or evening, but there shouldn't be any excuses at 7AM. I will be looking for the next closest locstion...
Best Chicken Katsu in Las Vegas!!! To die for. Almost everything they have is great. Love the mac salad.
dirty.  overpriced.  employees who seem to really hate working there.  only went here because of the dunkin donuts across the street...and sorry i did...as i shoulda went to the Vons down the street, where i usually shop.
Worst service ever can't believe thAt the server would not tell me that a bigger beer was better value. For a sever trying to raise her check average to get bigger tip she got nothing. Hope she can leave off of 4.85 and hour
19.95 ayce lunch\n26.95 ayce dinner\n\nI went for lunch and it was very good! All the rolls were perfection, and the staff is very friendly. Better than Yama!!!
Since our dine in experience - we've order both to-go and delivery and have still yet to be disappointed - always on point!!  All of the curries and the crab fried rice are still our favorites!
VERY long lines, high traffic which led to delayed flight and smokey.  Good thing you can gamble while you wait.
I got the Queen Bee lashes for my birthday.....They looked great.....But lasted only 1 week.  They told me they would last 4 to 6 weeks.... WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!!!!!
RUDE. just got hung up on on the phone. Called back and was not able to get a finished sentence in. If you dont want to deal with customer service then dont open a bakery. duh.
The menu is great the gyros are huge and amazing best one in Arizona! The inside of the restaurant could use a good scrub and some fresh paint so I always have to get my orders to go but the sandwiches are worth it!
Terrible. Terrible service!!! Won't give you food to go, ridiculous. No hostess to seat me had to flag someone down when there was maybe 3 guests in the restaurant. Then they won't even allow you to order the full menu at the bar! This place needs some tips on customer service.
An amazing experience.  Paris in the United States.\n\nThe bread cart, butter and muse buche were terrific!\n\nCrispy poached egg with Osetra caviar - mind blowing.
Money well spent.Room was awesome & the view was breathtaking! Definitely coming back.
I wish I could give this more props but... I really wasn't all that impressed. The hamburger was dry.\n\nBut... I love the name of the place. Love the jukebox.... and love the late night hours.
For being in the middle of a crack whore village they have the things I need when ever I need them :D
Excited to go and try this place out, limited bar, not many flavored vodkas and food was mediocre at best, Maggiano's is much better, will not be back!
We went there for Friday fish fry- the bluegill was good, but the perch lacked seasoning. Potato pancakes were very good and the tarter sauce was different but also very good. Chicken chili was excellent - sweet and spicy, but not too much of either. Service was also very good,
Do not go there, terrible food and terrible service.$104 for 4 sandwich and 4 drinks. One of us vomited after we ate. Waiter unprofessional food terrible.
Lasagna was very subpar. Very noodle heavy and the noodles were almost mushy. Talapi was pretty good but not worth the price.
Bouncers full of douchbaggery and blatant racism?  Yep, that's Drai's.  I'd tell you what the inside is like, but I left the line in disgust of what I saw going on ahead of me.  I refuse to patronize an establishment like that.
I went here to have a battery changed in my watch. It was not cheap, however the freindly service and the quickness of it more than made up for it.
So me and my friends went down to this Denny's at like 11:30 pm. All was fine and dandy... The waiter was really cool. I didn't eat anything but my friends did and they got sick after eating here. :/
I have just had a great Pad Tai here! It is a must try and the lunch special is unbeatable it comes with a salad or a soup. I had the coconut cream soup and this was my first time trying it and I really liked it!I cant wait to have my next meal here! Thank you Ping and Pong!
wasn't one of the best boba visits I've had here in town. there are other places that have better quality products.  they did just open up a few months ago, so I'd give them a while to find their niche and offer something Vegas doesn't already have.
It was all wonderful. The ham & cheddar omelet was fluffy and great. The apple pancake came out so hot and delicious that my sister burned her mouth on it. Mom loves the dutch baby with the lemon and sugar. Definitely worth the drive.
Not as impressive as some of the stores on the Strip, but usually more accessible than most malls. I mean please people, it is a MALL
This place is more wonderful than expected.\n\nDinosaur bones, minerals, space science, Arizona history and science.\n\nIt is definitely worth the drive to Mesa : )
It's was good they didn't have ground beef but whatever my taco salad was still good... The prince was awesome for the amount I got.
I love this place! Great service, awesome breakfast! And the lunch is really good, too. The salads and burgers are delicious. Yum!
Awesome service! I needed to get a tire repaired on tires that came with my new car. I figured it would be a nominal charge. IT WAS FREE! The guy said its a service they provide. I highly recommend his place. Make an appointment online and that will streamline your time there. Good job guys.
Fabulous!!!!!! Fresh good food!!!!!!! Best Corned Beef Hash!!!!!! Great service! Friendly staff!!!!!!! I just do  not know what these people are talking about. I live in the neighborhood and love this place.
Avoid this wireless Internet company. Their service is horrible, and trying to cancel is even harder. All you get is the runaround. It's not worth your time.
Amazing drink prices especially noted is the $5 Patron. However the food is horrible. The burger meat has made me horribly sick. I still come here for the bar though. Great day drinking spot.
Its not a very nice theater at all. Some theaters have multiple broken seats and very sticky floors, but for two dollars you can not beat it. I just wish they played more independent films, with 10 screens I would think one or two could be dedicated to more artsy films.
This is by far the worst rental company ever. The customer service Roger Shader was ride and incompetent. They deceived me on items I purchased and would not reimburse me. The car I initially was given and paid an upgrade for was fill with smoke and ashes.
Coffee is great but sandwiches are horrible. Be sure to try any seasonal drink specials. Better than the Starbucks at Sky Harbor though.
This is really a neat resort!  It's a little remote...but the views are wonderful here!  the rooms are comfy and  the employees are great!  Very accommodating!  On location - there is a casino, several restaurants, walking trails & AZ sunshine!
High school cafeteria on steroids. Can't believe I wasted over 90 minutes on line and paid $32 with tip for this crap. It's horrible. Don't bother.
Excellent choice in shadyside. Was there with party of 8 and we all loved our meals.  I had the spring vegetable tasting and cleaned my plate.  My friend had the bacon wrapped salmon & loved that too.
I had Saturday brunch here this week and was terribly disappointed.  In the past its Radio Maria has been nothing but fantastic, but all they had for the lunch menu was a set of sandwiches.  Really nothing exciting at all.  Make sure you check to see what they're serving that particular day before you go for lunch.
Very very small screen repair was not done when promised.  I even gave them a couple extra days.  Female owner was a little rude when I asked for my screen back.  Had the screen repaired somewhere else for 1/4 the price.
While I definitely agree with the reviews that say the matzo ball sucks, I still enjoy the large portions and generally good sandwiches here.  I usually go here after work (11pm or so) when there's no line or anything so its fine.
Great place for sushi.  Staff are always welcoming.  To be remembered and greeted like it after only 1 visit was a big plus for me.  Best no-nonsense sushi in Gilbert.
This place is a real dump. Glad I changed to the other Travelodge close to MGM rather than this one. The staff was friendly but the hotel is in dire need of an update or maybe a fire.  There are many better bu diet hotels for less money in town.
The food was solid, but nothing spectacular.  Small place.  Very friendly staff.  Good Coney dogs.  Bonus points for only carrying sodas from Detroit.
We went there for lunch and it was great.  Everything pleased even my picky co-workers.  The pan fried noodles Malaysian style were excellent as was the Wor Wonton Soup.
Our waitress was way too talkative, had 2 other people come up to us before we could even eat. Food was alright... but not up to par with the price. Boo! Never going back!
Cute as a bugs ear! Open 24/7 mostly a grocery store, and that's fine with me. Carry s most of the things I need when I am on this side of town. Never had to stand in a long line and it is quiet here, I like quiet..
I am always impressed by the fact that they seem to have everything I need despite their size!  Everyone is friendly and knowledgeable.
Not impressive at all and most of the food was either flavorless or overcooked. Way too overpriced.
I stopped getting my nails done here because the same women who had done my nails previously started doing a horrible job. \n\nI only get my eyebrows done here now. Eyebrow cost is decent and I always have a good wax job!
i love the pizza here they give plenty of cheese and toppings,not the healthiest food but when i need something that taste awesome i go order the 8.99 one topping carry out pizza usually with chicken or beef
The shakes are amazing here, its so hard to pick a flavor! I'm excited to try the pizza!
Great service, great food. Forgot to add cheese to our burritos and they went above and beyond to fix it for us. \n\nWe will be back to try the tacos next time. Atmosphere is appropriate for Mexican on the fly, definitely a casual place!
Best mexican food by far in las Vegas. I love their veggie burrito and when ate mat the chimichanga couldn't be messed with. the food is sloppy yet organized and the portions could feed a lumberjack.
Just moved into neighborhood and found this restaurant on yelp. We were greeted immediately by friendly staff and we belief owners were working. The food was hot, flavorful and price was very reasonable. There was a steady stream of customers and they acknowledge their regulars. They have take-out and do delivery which is a bonus.
Number one kimchi, number one beef brisket soup, just number one everything. Enough said haha
This was place was ok.  The waitress was great but the patrons are rather trashy which is what turned me off to this place.
Another fantastic place on the east side.  I love to pick up a dozen for my colleagues on my way to work!!!
This is what I've come to expect from Waffle House. Great food with excellent customer service. My new home store since the one two blocks from my house is run by a cranky, sarcastic non-clean district manager (Kyle I was told is his name)
I recently had a pastrami sandwich (ordered at the Mt Lebanon location) and it was okay. Not enough meat. I couldn't taste the pastrami. Overrated.\nI've had better pastrami sandwiches Fatheads, Szmidt's Old World Deli, Smallman Street Deli. Sorry.
Awesome good and atmosphere!!! :)
Excellent food, one of my favorite sushi places, great quality food for a very reasonable price, reverse happy hour is awesome
I always received great service here, it's usually pretty fast. Drinks are about as expensive  as you expected any normal Starbucks
Pharmacy is terrible. The are slow and disorganized with poor customer service. I use them rarely, but each time has been a terrible experience.
This has to be the only Dairy Queen I have ever been to that is out of bananas more often than not. I mean seriously isn't Dairy Queen supposed to be the home of the banana split. I would recommend the kids on the corner selling lemonaide before I would this place.
I've never been to Chicago,  but if this is representative of their cuisine I will continue to fly over it on my way to New York.  Please someone tell me it gets better than this.
Foods pretty good but I come here for the yummy bread pudding.
Out of all the ramen places in Vegas this is the best one!   \n\nWhen I go here I always have gyoza, fried rice and negi ramen.  All super delicious.   Fried rice is easy to make but it is rare for a place to make it well and his place makes it awesome!
I was surprised by the low reviews.  I had a very good meal here recently.  Extremely friendly manager when we visited on 9/1/12 at about noon.
I decided to stop in to pick up something togo after church last Sunday. The experience was ok. The waitress who took our TOGO order were not friendly(they usually are). The food is good but the service could be better. We will go back though since it's one of our favorite italian restaurant.
Your drink will be good but they are about as slow as Christmas. Almost missed my flight and my oatmeal with milk looked like soup. Just skip it, get pastry and drink or plan ahead that even though you are third in line you are no where close to being next.
I love this place...the food is always great! I am greeted by the owner when I come in and usually have a great wait staff! Thanks Tia for always making my experience a great one...
im pretty sure i ate here...i ordered the chicken fingers with fries...plain and simple...
Overpriced and dirty. Never had any good memories from this place.
Over-the-top portions. The Woody Allen is a little much, but good to split between two. I prefer the breakfast. There's enough to hold you over until dinner.  Not cheap, but hey, it's Vegas. There isn't much seating. Get there early to avoid the painfully long wait.
A good-valued eat certainly.  My wife and I split one potato with 2-toppings.  It wasn't extraordinary, but it did do the job and put a dent in our hunger.  There's only 1 table to eat at - pretty much no space at all.  Recommend splitting a meal if you can.
Got the Rockstar in mink by Liz. Very happy. It looks very natural and my husband loves them. Great deal going on right now $69.
Jody you ROCK the scissors :)  Thank you for my new hair style.  You always do an amazing job!!!  I highly recommend this salon.
My family and I Love this Lowes!!! It is super accessible off Bell and Grand and the people are always friendly and very helpful! We especially enjoy the garden department, the employees always point us in the right direction for what we need to keep our plants, flowers and trees looking good!
I love going to dicks. This is the first one I have seen on the west coast. Better atmosphere then big 5 and a more knowledgeable staff then sports authority. And a wider range of outdoor sports.
Eek - If you are considering getting married here I would bring in your own Wedding Planner who is a Professional ! The lady running this is extremely rude and does not work well with families or vendors !   USually when you are a planner at a venue you solve problems and dont just shrug you shoulders and ay oh well ! -
Food was authentic and yummy. It was very inexpensive and you can bring your own wine!! What a concept. No cork fees either.
Can't beat the price, but after getting a few pants hemmed here they bottoms started fraying. I'm going to have to go to another place to get everything hemmed again.
Very cold atmosphere. The prices are insanely outrageous. Everything they sell can be bought online for half the price. No juices on display. Just a complete rip off. Don't waste your time.
Good burgers, but I like bootleggers burgers better!!
Excellent club. I haven't had so much fun in a long time. The promoters are doing an excellent job. I credit them with keeping the club packed up until I left at 10am. I met a great guy btw, Anyone wanna drive down from LA? JK. LOL.
Fat Tire on Tap!  Their food was great.  Chicken nachos and asian chicken wings.  Bartender was very nice and open to customers explaining a shot and then making it.  Turned out to be a great shot!  His inverted jager bomb was genius!  Going back for sure!
I was visiting my boyfriend at Waterloo and was craving Salvadorian food.We had pupusas and I was pretty impressed even as a California native.
Typical airport experience. Good selection of restaurants, reasonable \nTSA experience, and adequately clean.\n\nVery Vegas-y with slot machines, creepy mannequins, and lots of alcohol and cigarette places.
I love this place. We go at least once a week. My favorite is pan fried vegtables, also the kimchi fried rice, and butter corn.
Food was pretty good and affordable. The area looks stretchy like if people are drug dealing around lol that's just my perception don't let that discourage you.  I'm not from AZ but it was a good place to stop and eat on the way.
Fun. Two Golden Tee machines, pool tables, darts. Plain dive bar, with some decent food.
Must have gone on an off night. Have heard good things about the pizza here, and really wanted to like it, but the pizza dough, sauce and (veggie) toppings were all completely bland and tasteless :(\nYMMV...
The only reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 was the mediocre service. The girlfriend and I went on a Sunday afternoon, it was busy! The food is incredible! It's an upscale Mexican food joint that is very unique and creative!!
Incredible!  Very friendly service and wonderful food.  My husband and I tried the brown stew chicken and the oxtail.  Both excellent!  Prices were very inexpensive for the quality and quantity of food.  A must try!
Ordered the lunch special which included 2 pieces of pizza and a drink for $7.99. Overall it was good and crispy.  It was just a little too greasy for my liking but I was able to get most of it off with a napkin. Great place for a quick bite to eat
The decor is nothing fancy but the food is surprisingly good (and fresh). I've gotten takeout and eaten at the buffet. Both good for the price - it's inexpensive.
My fav Chinese take out. Their food is not greasy like other places and they always get my order right. I drive from UNCC sometimes for take out.
Cheap Drinks, Cool Staff, Friday Night Karaoke, More then interesting people
WTF? No onion rings anymore?\n\nThey slashed their menu yet again. Not cool, RC, not cool.
I keep coming back because their food is great and they are possibly the nicest restaurant owners I have ever met.\n\nI wish it were closer to our house, but its worth the drive.
Stay away. Avoid Ginseng3 unless you like old fish dipped in disinfectant.
Excellent food, impeccable service and gorgeous decor. They were so kind to congratulate us for our anniversary that they even went to write it on our dessert. It's a bit overpriced but I guess you get what you pay for and here it's pretty close to perfection.
If you stay at Tuscany Suites in Vegas, you can get 50% off coupon. Not fancy but good enough. The taste of grilled tilapia and prime rib were OK.
awsome gym, close to work, nice staff, CLEAN.   you can fish here too.
This Gurudwara Sahib is only 10-15 minutes away from Las Vegas Strip and 5 minutes away from the airport. The head priest was really nice and offered us refreshments. There is another Sikh Temple \"Gurudwara Baba Deep Singh\" which is 30 minutes away.
Help is friendly. Store is messy. Hardly EVER any clothing selection, almost as though this store is forgotten by SA for goods. Not sure mgmnt is problem. Iffy place to go, in my opinion.
we had no luck on the slots machines :( oh well the huge 1.99 hot dogs, $1 beers, and $2 margaritas made up for it!
The staff is awesome! They love working here. Not robotic. Friendly...owner is very genuine. Food rocks!
Great food, great service. Quality is always top notch. What you pay is a little more but it is worth it.
This is my favorite steakhouse! Their appetizers, salad are well made and delicious. The steaks are cooked to exactly to the diner's request. Great place to begin night on the town in uptown Charlotte or celebrate an important event.
This place sucks!!!! Not a full menu available, only limited items. And the employees are pretty darn useless too.
Giant Hand Rolls Stuffed With Fish!  This is not the highest quality sushi, but it is a bargain for the size of the rolls they are serving up.  Were talking a snow-cone full of fish.  2 hand rolls is enough to fill me up for lunch.
I should have looked at the review stars before I ordered. Horrible! Cold mushy fries. Waste of money and I ended up throwing them away.
Bummer.  They no longer carry GTs Kombucha. =(
Bland, boring, uninteresting typical American Chinese food. Nothing to write home about.
It is what it is...if you need Asian food quick and you want to know you probably won't get food poisoning it's a decent option in a city with pretty poor Asian options...
If you go there try the bavarian cupcake its the best and their garlic bread is good too.
Did the cooking class! Very fun and educational. Delicious food. Great workers. Stop in for lunch!!
We love Earl of Sandwich. Our favorites are tomato bisque soup (with croutons) and the tuna melt. Their baked goods are also very tasty. Breakfast sandwiches are good but small.
I was really expecting this place to blow away my tastebuds, instead i was not impressed at all. I got the cinni nillia and it was small and very expensive,i payed 7 dollars for a damn pp & j! I will not ever go here again
$24 to get a tired plugged?!  Seriously!?  Highway robbery at its finest.
Surf and turf burger is terrific. Crab boils are always a favortie in my book. Staff always friendly and well trained.
Love it!!! My favorite is the Greek with steak!!! Soooo good!!! I go at least 1-2 times a week!
Local Gilbert place that has been around a while. Really tasty fish tacos, but the side of rice and beans were not good at all. Family had ground beef tacos, which were good. Friendly service.\nSuggestion: Order a la carte items to try their full range of options.
Good food. Mediocre service, but decent priced happy hour food and drinks! Love the Jalapeno Cilantro Hummus more than anything!!!! Totally crave-able.
Stopped in to watch a bit of hockey and get some wings.  Dave the manager was awesome and the bartender kept my beer full and cold.  Go Caps!
0 Complaints from this location of Dollar rent a car. Selected a Mustang convertible to be rented from July 2nd-6th. Picked the car up at 8 am. no lines no waiting, sighed the paperwork drove off the lot and down the strip like a boss with the top down. No secrets, No bullshit, just good customer service.
my boyfriend & I ordered the Steak Frites from the \"sunset menu\".  Our steak was overcooked, fries were OK.  And, drinks are expensive.  We sat at the bar, but the bartender wasn't that friendly until she gave us the bill.  The restaurant has a nice view of the pool, though.
went here awhile back.\nthe one thing i remember though is really good food:)
A sandwich that is good enough to satisfy you but not quite memorable enough to earn your consistent patronage.  \n\nI do appreciate their naming conventions, as it reminds me of all of those peaceful afternoons spent sleeping during my Art History class.
At bar by poker room and bar person leaves for a meeting at 2 pm for 24 minutes no drinks we served in entire casino due to meeting.  I ask two people one in a suit and tie for drink but no help. Bad planning shutting down all bars for 24 minutes for a meeting.
The service was very friendly, but the food wasn't all that good. Most everything tasted like it had been sitting around for quite a while before being plated. Especially the potatoes. Not sure I would return.
Worst. Place. Ever. Our food took an hour to get here(oh I mean just the appetizers, the entrees never showed up). Fucking joke! Surprised they are still in business.
Good food and good service... nothing too memorable.
Got a full set today and they look so bad. So many flaws. The polish is sloppy. They don't look neat and clean.
I am obsessed with the veal short ribs. They fall off the bone, melt in your mouth, and are effortless to eat. Oh and did I mention they are phenomenal tasting?
I was very hungry, so I was ordered the roasted vegetable sandwich. I don't care for tomatoes, that aren't cooked to death, so they very nicely substituted sweet potato.... Amaaaazing.... A feast for the taste buds. Happy Tummy!!
Cine Capri is great, especially for movies like Gravity.  Food and drink choices could be improved, though they're certainly better than Desert Ridge's.  Had issues one time with broken seats and crazy loud volume.  Still usually better than AMC.
Good food, great location but can get extremely busy during peak hours.
If you choose just one Mexican restaurant in Mesa, choose this one.  It ranks as one of the best in flavor, authentic food, and decor.
Fast and friendly service! Professional clean work. They won't disappoint and are very affordable. I would recommend A-List Carpet Care for your next carpet cleaning.
good location, mediocre service, nice casino, unimpressive rooms.\n\ntried the $20 tip trick and it was still unimpressive...\n\nwon't be staying here again.
I usually go there for the Pho, I have had all of there flavors.  From there specials, shrimp, steak and chicken they are all very good.  Please check it out if you are in the area!!
Service was great but ambiance was not comfortable. Put at a table in a small hallway corner next to the window, great view of the strip. Ordered the Papperdelle, was extremely salty and way over priced for portion size. Not impressed at all!
Not too crowded, close to a bunch of eateries. On the strip, clean.  What more can you ask for!!
The architecture is really impressive! I really enjoyed walking through this amazing space, my only problem with it is that I got lost a couple of times, they need to signalize the things a bit better.
I don't understand how a coffee shop does not open until 7 or 8. I drive by here every morning on my way to work. I start at 7. Starbucks and Einstein's bit open earlier. I am forced to go to those places
Went to party at Vanity with some friends through some special group thing. Had a great time, the place can be a maze at first but pretty ok. Not sure I would stay here but to party it up at Vanity yes! :)
Find out ahead of time what you are going to be charged.  Prices are different depending on the nail tech.
An absolutely amazing concept and both food and service were great!
Horrible service. The guy behind the counter spent the entire time talking to his coworker, didn't make eye contact and seemed bored. Waste of time.
Seriously good food...not cheap but worth it. Quality and quantity. Place is clean, colorful and service is quick. Bacon wrapped shrimp are phenomenal as well as the crab enchilada and shrimp ceviche.
Such a great place to eat. I go there quite often with my co workers. Their lunch combo plate is amazing. They have a great variety of rolls and the service is excellent :) Definitely give it a try if you're in the area and craving some sushi!
Very cost effective, lighting fast service but never once felt rushed. There was a wide variety for the selection of food and everything that came to our table was cooked perfectly. The Egg and I manages to feel like a neighborhood diner and your family's house all at the same time. No better place in town for breakfast for both taste and value.
Demeanor, promptness fine.  Has treated quite a few skin problems with excellent success.  Highly recommend.
YUCK. This place is the worst! Horrendous staff, not even a clean atmosphere. Only way anyone could enjoy this would be if they were 19 years old & just ecstatic to be allowed in an alcohol serving establishment.
The manager is useless. Machines are broken and never repaired for long periods of time. The only advantage to joining this club is for the hours!!
Got the hot chocolate [it was not hot]\nThe hot chocolate is incredibly sweet - too sweet for my taste.\n\nGot it with the marshmallows [it was like chewing on sugar, and not in a good way]\nThe shortbread they served was also eh.
Mmmm... First time here. Foods amazing!!! cant wait to go back!!
I suppose getting screamed at and made to feel like a idiot for NON safety issues is common place here. I will never return to this dump, most of the staff are normal but a few are complete dicks. I will make it a point to turn away as many people as possible, paying customers should not be treated this way!
Typically a nickel to seven cents cheaper than the national average and a better than average store. Always congested and on a very busy corner, but worth the stop just in gas savings.
The \"over the rainbow\" salad was spectacular! I was in Summerlin for the weekend and found this gem. I adore steak...but this salad stole the show. I am going to try to recreate this dish tomorrow, wish me luck.
Really digging on this place after 3 visits.  Very simple setup, which adds to the appeal.  Friendly staff, and more than decent food.  Really nice to see what they did with the space, tucked in between Robbie Fox's and the Cigar shop... and love having a true breakfast diner on Mill again.
love the helpful staff
Good selection of food for the prices. Everything tasted decent and the staff was very friendly. I have been to many buffets before and felt like I've wasted my money but I was satisfied after leaving here. I wouldn't mind coming again another time
Stunning hotel and resort. We enjoyed the Sunday brunch buffet and were sat in the garden. The variety and quality of food was awe inspiring. In particular I enjoyed the smoked salmon pizza, coffee, fresh oj,dessert offerings, and gelato the most.
I didn't eat here, just walked in and tried to sit down at lunch time. The people were nasty so we walked out. Plus there's a $50 minimum per person. Gotta give it to 'em - they went all the way with the ridiculous minimum.
Finally got to check this place out. Had to try the cornbeef. Very good. The best was the stuffed mushrooms. Cant wait to go back.
Food was just ok, service was good, but there was a funky stale beer odor that was hard to get past. Disappointed from what other reviewers said. Doubt I will go back.
Honestly the best Chinese restaurant I've been to in Vegas. The Pad Thai was amazing . The owner is extremely nice and the service is top notch. It's always clean too. Highly recommend!
Ordered the XL pizza and wing combo and an order of mozzarella sticks. The pizza was just average and the wings were above average. The sauce and cheese weren't anything to write home about. I have definitely had better, and also worse. The mozzarella sticks were the frozen kind. Not made from scratch.
Oil changes are double the price of Fletcher's which is very near by. I tried using a competitor coupon and was denied. They are very overpriced here with zero chance at savings.
Came here at 11pm on a Friday night after work for some pho, and was greeted at the door with $5 cover charge??!!! Can't really review on the food because I sure wasn't going to pay $5 just to be able to sit down to eat and then pay another $7 for the actual meal.
I love this location! Double points for being walking distance from our condo. With a huge patio this Starbucks is our go to coffee shop. Their baristas are always so pleasant and upbeat.
Dave Sr is the best! Been coming here for years. I grew up in the neighborhood and went to school with some of the Gulick family. Great people. Exceptional stylists. Dave has always impressed me. Love this place!
Just had an oil change and a tire rotation done and it was great friendly service.\n\nI was referred by a friend and I am glad he referred me.  Seems like a great shop to get some basic work done at, with good service and good rates.
Wow had their California breakfast sandwich..so yummy. Went thru the drive thru and they had friendly service. :)
Grimaldi's is my favorite pizza, there's something about the crust and slight smokiness that make it special. I also love the pepperoni, it seems like it slightly thicker cut and that makes for a much meatier flavor. The lack of ranch doesn't bother me because the pizza itself has so much flavor.
Delicious.  Great vibe and ambiance. I recommend the outdoor area in the back
Nice neighborhood hair salon.  Prices are great.  My gal is Kelsey...love her!!!\nEveryone there is nice
I recently purchased a BMW 328i from this dealership. The great service I received was second to none. Frank the sales man was an amazing help in getting me in this car
Call girl mixed with coco loco is delicious at evening call!
No. Do. Not. Order the brownie.
I had the Chicken Thai Wrap with peanut Sauce Dressing. It was very tasty.  I ordered a side cole slaw and it was just ok tasting. The sandwiches are reasonably priced and they are opened 24 hours. A great place to go after for the night clubbing crowd...
Overall a decent place to eat breakfast.  Make sure to ask how things are prepared as they may make things a bit differently than you expect.  Service was good. Others around us were not as lucky with that.
Personally this car rental is a complete scam. From trying to con me into purchasing a car I was already being given and to also blame me for a chip in the windshield that was present when I received the car, it was a terrible experience. Also the employees are completely rude. DO NOT GO HERE
Been to better.
My Favorite Casino in Vegas. I love the way it looks at night. Maybe it's the green and gold, it reminds me of money. Of worth. Totally classy. My eyes are always drawn to it. Now get out of my way while I go get married at an Elvis church to my hunka hunka burning love!
Great ribs,  macaroni and cheese, fried pickles.   Friendly people and quick service. Good addition to the neighborhood...
DO NOT COME HERE. This was the WORST food I've EVER had in Vegas and I've lived here for 19 years. I literally almost vomited and requested a refund through Eat24 because I sure as hell wasn't going back there!
Disappointing.....girls are medicore in talent and looks.
Yuck is all I can say. The food looked like it was all dried up an then to top it off I found a huge black hair in my noodles. Worst buffet I have ever been to!
Whole Hog - good. Orange juice - good. Pancakes - good.  Thick slabs of bacon  - yum!!
Cajun Filet biscuit a nice morning wake-me-up. Don't forget the honey and Cajun hot sauce!
I found a bug in my cup. When I tried to tell the waiter that, he acted dumb. NEVER again will we eat here. We ended up going to the restaurant across the way. There was no bugs in there food.
If you're interested in hidden fees and poor customer service, this is the place for you. Otherwise, run away! You can thank me later...
Love this store, whether to purchase stuff or just get some good ideas on how to decorate.  the staff is always super nice and helpful and always have lots of great stuff in stock.
$3 Movies. Yea. \nOlder movies but who cares its fun.
I was pleasantly surprised with today's trip to Jenni Pho.\n\nI typically find their Pho to be par, but not phenomenal.  Today it was high above par.  Good stuff.  Maybe some changes in the broth recipe?
Be aware. There is an extremely limited menu.\n\n3 pastas\n2 sauces- marinara or sausage \nAnd 2 baked items, that's it..
Nice high end mall along the strip.  Located near Vdarra,, Aria and has a monorail stop between Bellagio and Monte Carlo.
What a disappointment, don't waste your time and money and the gas to get there....
They aren't fighting amongst themselves which is good. It is as slow as can be but the cheesesteaks are good.
Glad I came here with a Groupon because I was not impressed. Definitely not a place to pay full price at. Small portions, big price, mediocre food. Enough said.\n\nOh, also, worlds slowest service. I don't recommend this place.
My wife and I celebrated our 25 anniversary! We wanted to celebrate at Arrivederci. I had the Halibat, It came with artichock on it. WOW! So good. \nThe atmosphere was perfect for us too.\nThanks you guys it was a night to remember!
In my opinion, better than Sprinkles. The selection is not quite as large, prices about the same, but the cupcakes are more moist. So far the vanilla - salted caramel is my favorite, can't wait to try more of their flavors!
The mall is half vacant now. The clientele is not the kind you let your children shop around. The few carts they do have are \"hawkers\" its like walking through a carnival.
I've always had fun here, but I have fun everywhere. Pure is overrated, especially considering all the other places and diversions Vegas has to offer. The crowd always seems to be pretty good, though lots of people give up because of the lines. Obviously, it helps to have some cash to either get in or have fun.
this place is a disaster. sat at the bar a few nights ago and was not impressed. the bartenders are terrible, no personality and down right rude. they even charged me for someone else's drinks then argued with me when i complained about my bill. this place wont last long especially with all the competition in Town Square.
Do Not go to The Wiener's Circle for a Hot Dog!\nThe roll and all the fix ens were great but the Hot Dog was so small the it was almost non existent.  The Hot Dog was pencil thin not more than 2 ounces of beef.\nI will not return!
Worst customer service ever! The man at the counter, who appears to be in charge is the rudest person in the place.
Not a horrible price for a movie that is weeks away from coming on DVD.  Great service seats aren't great.  Good for the money.
Went for breakfast during restaurant week 2011. Really enjoyed it & prices weren't as outrageous as a lot of other places on the Strip.
It's was okay. Nothing too special if you're looking for a place to just grab something to eat.
Ate here yesterday. Didn't enjoy much about the dinner except that the chicken in the chicken and waffles was well cooked. Avoid this one.
I felt sorry for my heart as I was eating this ball of grease, but fast food is fast food and sometimes you just want a disgusting burger because you're too lazy to make something good at home.
The service here is exceptional. The food is delicious, a lot of flavor in smaller portions which is perfect for social occasions. The set up they have for the dogs is really neat too!
My husband has been coming to Cesars for his haircuts since we moved here from the East Coast. He's always satisfied with his cut from Cesar and Cesar always accommodates my husbands schedule by appointment.
Not amazed. Came here Sunday for brunch and nothing was good or amazing. Just ok.  There was a worm in the birthday girl's berries from the salad bar side.  No bueno.
2 strips of bacon on a six inch sub for a breakfast sandwich??  Also you need help that talks!  The guy that helped me this am had the personality of a slug!
I like this Gym.  The building, including the pool area, is larger than other 24 Hour centers.  It does need a make-over.  The locker room is all original tile that was installed when the gym was built as a \"Q\" in the early 90's.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.
The vanilla lattes are a little sweet, but delicious. This place is perfect when the weather is nice and they can open the garage door. It's definitely a must-visit coffee shop on Walnut.
Delicious restaurant ! So so so good everything and we had the best server Tamra moline she was so sweet and efficient always knew what we needed before we even asked absolutely amazing definitely recommend for anyone
Awesome food. Awesome beer. Awesome service. Need I say more? Go there and see for yourself! Local bar vibes with drafts from EVERYWHERE!
The only thing I like is the salmon onigiri.  Wide selection of noodle soups.  Doesn't make me wanna spend money on soups that I can make better at home. Sushi hmm...don't think it's fresh.
Tried it for the first time the other day, the wings are awesome. Staff is really friendly. Koolaide is a plus. (The ranch wings are the best!)
I'm definitely not a huge fan of this place even though I LOVE seafood. Their dinner menu is WAY over priced. I prefer coming here for lunch and for their lunch specials.  Their lobster bisque soup is GREAT and it definitely goes well with their cheddar bay biscuits :-)
I love this place. I've eaten here a few times now and there is not one thing that has not been above standard. When ever we are not sure where to go out to dinner this is our go to place. just love it!
Service was horrible and food was mediocre at best~ won't be going back
I really had my hopes up on this one and i was pretty let down. Now the customer service was great but the food not the best i have had. Probably will not go back.
Highly disappointed. Room was ok. You get what you pay for. We came for our wedding and the staff were obnoxiously rude. I could understand if we were rude first but we weren't. From the front desk to the manager they all had a horrible attitude. I wouldn't recommend to anyone
Veggies are very yummy here and the ladies that own this restaurant have always been friendly to me. Go try a sub and I promise you will not be disappointed!
Four Stars for Vegas Breakfast.  Had the Breakfast special.  It was a fantastic bargain for $3.95.  Only a few paces away at the MGM where I was staying and would have paid 3 or 4 times that much.  It was busy, but the staff did well despite being overwhelmed.
The hostess are terrible and need to work on their customer service skills, our waitress did the bare minimum and the food left something to be desired. This is the second bad experience at this location. I will not be coming back
Heaven for vegan . \nStay away from the meat. \nGreat desserts. \nTake the Turkish coffee.
After hours was kind of a bust. Weak crowd, but bottle service remedied the situation that we were in. Our waitress wasn't that great, we were all sharing cups because she only brought a few. Didn't really like the music at all.
Buzzberry may not be the best coffee joint out there but it does the trick and it never hurts to support local. The staff is generally friendly and pretty quick. If you like a large drink make sure you get the \"secret menu\" large.
Reminded me of being in L.A. but better much better. When i first went to M & M there was serving hotcake for bread. Now they have corn bread and hotcake. Chicken is to run to. LOVE IT!!! so good i had to slap my momma. lol
The Casino is small and seedy. The kinda coyote ugly themed bar is nothing but plain and stupid. It's probably no surprise that Hooters Casino is awful. Have some dignity my friend, don't stay here and don't stop by.
located in the ghetto part of vegas, but worth the long walk to get to the tower for the views from the top of the tower.
I am a regular here and ive never had a bad experience.  The sushi is consistantly delicious and fresh.  This is not an all you can eat sushi with crazy rolls. The pricing is very reasonable for quality sushi and they have a great lunch deal if u get there before 230.
I really, really hate the new format change. If I wanted to listen to my parent's music, well, then I guess I'd listen to my parent's music. Know what song I heard the other day? Eye of the Tiger. Seriously???????
Carne Asada meat dry and tough with some gristle. Ingredients are fresh, but meat was at best, okay. Still need to try other menu favorites in future, maybe score will improve.
Mallards games are pretty incredible for as small as they are. There are a lot of handouts as they try to advertise and there are plenty of food options. The between innings and seating sections are also pretty cool. This is a pretty good place to bring a date to if she is into baseball also.
5stars for the burgers!! \n\nGet the hangover burger best burger I've tasted, the bar is nice friendly people. A must go if your staying at this hotel.
Horrible customer service, the work staff has a bad attitude, had to come 4 times to get the same issue fixed. You make an appt for 5:30 and they don't get to you until 6-615pm. Could care less if you leave happy or not
Don't stay at this hotel. I don't do reviews but this one definitely stood out. After 9hours of drive and after waiting 30mins for check-in, we were sent to an UNCLEAN ROOM. The receptionist didn't even bother to apologize at all. Worst customer service ever.
Love this restaurant ....something for each of the folks that numbered 8. This place stayed full. A great deal of folks here .  I have the grilled salmon it was excellent with rice pilaf and garlic spinach. It was fresh great food
I havent been very impressed with this places.  If you are looking to spend this type of money just go to a great steak house dont waste your time or money.
great pizza, friendly employees, reasonable prices.
I recently attended a work party at the Pittsburgh Steak Company for the 4th time. I would  NOT recommend this place for a party unless you don't mind unfriendly servers, food being taken away before the party ends and while everyone is still eating. Mary B.
Sorry L.A. Fitness, you don't care about your customers, don't care about what type of staff you employ, and don't think about what would be beneficial for those with memberships. Unfortunately I have personal training sessions to be used up but when those are gone, SAYONARA!
Yeah the Pulled Pork sandwich is pretty delicious.  The Mashed potatoes are good too.  They are only open for lunch by the way and since they get busy if you are getting take out you should call ahead.
This was one of the more of the expensive buffets I had in Vegas, $21 a person dinner on Monday and it just wasn't that good.  Just down the street at 4 Queens we had a great meal for $9.
They had an event for Amici club members to try their newest items on the menu. Their Mahi Wulfie was excellent.  The berry sangria was good although a bit sweet. Our server was very friendly and nice.  This was my first-time I definitely will return.
Homemade tortillas are sooo good. Get the fundido, it's in the classic style. \n\nI grew up in So Cal, and it's really hard to find good Mexican food around vegas (at least to meet my standards!) This place does not disappoint.
They have such poor customer service I won't bore you with details. They broke my truck bed cover and refused to fix it. Claimed they didn't do it. Rude management rude cashiers it is a horrible place to go. Don't do it!
Friendly staff, unique location, and awesome food! Have yet to try something I haven't enjoyed! The local farm to table concept and beer are killer!
My husband and I love, love, love the pizza. It all comes down to the crust and sauce which are both hand made each day. We always get the same waiter to serve and knows what we want. Great for a weeknight meal.
The food was really good and it would be five stars if not for service that started out great but then fizzled out.  If you love sushi it's worth stopping.
We went to Manzetti's tonight and had a great time. The food was great and very affordable.  The steak was one of the best I have had.
Ok more of a 3.5 star sushi joint. Nothing I had was mindblowing.
Im not from this area so when I come around Phoenix I always have to stop at a Jersey Mikes since there are very few in So Cal.  I can't wait till they open more where I live cause you can tell the quality is unmatched compared to Subway and Quiznos.
It's simple. FEZ rocks. Great food, great staff, great vibe. In fact, just thinking about it now makes it a pretty safe bet we'll be dinning there tonight.
I used to go here for lunch with coworkers every once in a while when I worked in Scottsdale. I recently visited for the first time in years and it seems like the food and service has gone downhill. I am not sure if they changed their pho recipe but it was not as good as I remembered.
Absolutely loved the food here. Super clean kitchen, food is amazingly fresh. Had the Cheyenne Burrito (special). FIRE!
Seriously some of the best breakfast ever! The steak and eggs for under $10 is just unbelievable considering you could feed 3 with it!!
totally terrible service. i've been to other buca locations in the bay area and i think i'll stick to that.\n\ni recommend getting the chicken marsala though. it's really good
It was good....had the sonoran dog...well average. I had better hot dogs at costco. The tacos were good. Not much of a memorable place plus it is very small.
This was a really solid buffet that had a lot of options. Good breakfast fare and lunch options. I do wish there was more fresh fruit and cereal. The gelato was excellent!!\n\nAvoid the mexican food...
The brunch was awesome. I had the chicken and waffles and my wife had the three way breakfast. They were both huge plates and very tasty. The waitresses were all very nice and were having fun while making sure everyone was taken care of.
The worst service ever bundled with sub-standard Einstein food and a filthy store.  I wish they would close this location so it's no longer an option. I've given this place too many chances and they've disappointed every time.
Essen war ok, aber nichts besonderes. Durchschnitt. Die pasta bekommen wir zuhause besser hin. Service wirklich verbesserungsw\u00fcrdig !
Great Greek and Italian restaurant! I took my in-laws from NYC to Dino's and they loved the food!
This place is a hidden gem.  Great food and great family-owned atmosphere.  I had the spaghetti and meatballs and it was fantastic!
Awesome! Huge selection of pinball machines, and other classic arcade games. Don't be misled, it's not a classy museum. It's a building filled with games. Free to get in. Change machines on site. Ping! Ping!
I love this place! Everyone here is great, personally I see Keri and she always does such a fantastic job. She's very thorough and professional.  Definitely nicest place with always the best results and everyone is so friendly!
Decided to try this salon based on the reviews, Angel did my pedicure and she is fabulous I will defiantly be back to see her! My nails look great also I love the selection of color gel they have. Overall nice salon and believe me I'm extremely picky
Mimi's has a good low calorie menu and solid service. The coffee is excellent. Muffins and coffee are free for waiting customers in the morning.
Went back for round 2 and again chicken was burnt.
Not a big fan of the postal service... But the best thing they have in there are the automatic machines.  When it takes you less time with a machine than in line for a person,  that is saying something.  Always see a line here especially during the holidays as expected.  Only go when I have to.
I have tried Los Dos Molinos several times.  After my first time I only went per my visitor's request.  The food is so hot you can't eat.  You end up drinking too much and still hungry.  \nI know and enjoy authentic mexican food. This is NOT mexican food.
I was disappointed.  My $14 lobsicle was very small, and I am not a big eater.  The good news is the beer is cheap.  $20 buckets and $5 Sam Adams draft.  The lobster ice cream was very weird.
Passing through town and wanted a good lunch. Very friendly staff. Great quiche and bistro salad. However the Shish kebob beef very tough, couldn't eat but a few pieces. Thought it was pricey for portions. I would stop again for quiche and baklava.
Been to Bonfyre twice. Both times it was full but not crowded. All in our groups had a great experience. The food was delicious. Service struck the right balance by being very attentive but not overbearing. Atmosphere was inviting. We all look forward to going back in the future. Highly recommended!
This location is full of arrogant little pricks that seam high most of the time. I leave this rating after many visits , being underwhelmed by their attitude. They act like you should be honored to be able to give them money for a sandwich. Well they'll never get a dime of my money again.
Great bargain for an \"off the strip\" place that has everything. Liquor store not over priced. Everything was a \"good deal\".
Yes!!!\n\nMellow Mushroom is my favorite pizza and the decor is really cool!! Seriously, go there...now!
A delicious lunch with friends outdoors in the courtyard on a beautiful day. \nThe Churrasco was awesome.
Fresh Raw Cow and Goats Milk.MMMm
Worst experience I have ever had!  The service is horrible. and the food is so so.\nIf you speak to loudly they may kick you out. Thats what happened to people sitting at the table next to us.
We love this place!  Food is excellent. Service friendly.  Have created several special rolls with various ingredients we enjoy.
Great service, fast & friendly!  I go there every year.  Got the $4 off AND was told they will accept other company's coupons, yay!
We waited in line for 2 hours even though we had a table reserved.  Need I say more?
One of the best sandwich places on the strip.\n\nSandwiches are hot and fresh - delicious
Fresh, fresh, fresh! The guacamole and fish tacos were the best I've ever had - tacos double wrapped. This is on track to become our favorite family hangout.
Love going here for the Bento. Lots of food for a good price.  Good selection of food on the menu and the owners are great. Would recommend for a quick bite.
The soups were awesome, but the wrap I had was very bland. I've definitely had better. Looking back I feel like I should have gotten a sandwich.
we used to have our lunch delivered from ther old owners and it was mediocre at best.    now that vickie took the place over ... the food is 1o times better and the diner has never looked better.  super daily specials and great friendly service.  reminds me of a good old fashioned jersey diner!    go there and be happy!
I think this place is a bit expensive for what they have to offer.  My children are on the upper end of being able to enjoy much of it at age 13 (does the art room), 8 and 6.
Rula bula is by far my favorite place on Mill, any time of the day! The cider is amazing and the food is awesome (try the potato skins). The atmosphere is also nice in large part because it's not a college hangout.
the people are really friendly and prices are reasonable. My dog had a fox tail stuck in her paw, and they help me on the things i can try to fix it. this is a great place.
Electrolysis is no longer offered here, even though it's listed on the company's website. Frustrating to research it, find a place that looks convenient, and then have to start all over.
It's OK. Next time I'll try another menu item.
I love the biscuits and apple butter! Oh, and I'll take a side of grits with that!  I eat the Hollywood omelet -- so I can sort of justify eating all the other sides. The place is a really cute - you kind of forget that it is a chain.
Sorry can't be ignored by 6 employees with 2 customers in the store 1 being myself and wait 15 minutes to talk to someone. Offer me a water or say \"thanks for waiting we'll be right with you\". Do something, your in the customer service industry for crying out loud.
Best Hot Dog in vegas! I've been here multiple times without disappointment.  Angry Dog is my favorite. YOU will not be disappointed!
Love the flavors and the variety of tapas. Been there twice and would definitely go back. I had been wary of the veal cheeks, but it turned out to be my fave dish. It's Vegas, so it's a bit over-priced, but by Vegas standards it's fine for a good meal
Great hotel bar - unexpected find in steel city!
Used to love this place. The food here is very good but so bland in flavor, you wouldn't realize it until you try real authentic thai food. For a better experience with thai food I suggest mk thai cuisine.
Service was excellent. Thst's the best thing I can say. Food is below average with nothing made there. Music was not that good and we left after 2 songs. Won't return anytime soon.
Great Chicago style pizza!  A+ in my book.
Lobster Kim Chee fried rice is one of the best things on the menu in my opinion.
We tried this on Friday. Fantastic beer menu. The cocktails were unique mixing beer and alcohol. Makes me want to become a mixologist.
A \"90 minute\" timeshare presentation took upwards of six hours. Totally ruined our vacation. Then at the end they tried to give us different gifts than we were promised.
Pretty good pizza, kinda pricey tho.
8 bucks and change for 4 mediocre bagels and some disgusting strawberry cream cheese.. No thanks.. Not again
Service was fine. Taste of food was good. It was relatively expensive for what I got though. Some decent pho and the worst food poisoning I have ever had.
My boyfriend wanted to try this place for a long time so we finally ate here for dinner. I ordered their special shrimp angel hair pasta w/spicy butter garlic and my boyfriend had lasagna.  It was great..! I enjoyed it alot.
Did a great job cleaning our guest room carpet - our dog used it for potty training a few times & you would never know - thanks so much!!!
View was incredible. Service was quick and nice. Fried bread was delicious.  Steaks were mediocre.  Vegetables and sides were awful.
Subway is typically a good respectable place for a quick sandwich.  This location is as well.  Fast, cheap, and tasty.  Good location right off  of Higley and Pecos.
My fiance and I made a tradition to come here every Friday night. The service was great, chips and salsa were to die for, but my fiance found a long hair in his food. As much as I miss and love this place, I will never coming here again.
I highly recommend this place.  Being from out town and needing to get home the next day these guys stayed past closing to hook me up with a new tire after I got a flat.  I was in and out in 20 minutes or less.  Thank you for your help!
Inside Planet Hollywood casino.  I went inside sometime during the week and it there was no line, ordered the Full Montagu, nice crispy toasted bread over the roast beef/turkey, such goodness!! $5.99 decent price for the taste/value.
This place sold me two used table lamps. when i opened them one was defective and the other had missing parts.. my guess is that they were return products that the store never bothered checking (or worst yet, thought they could turn around and sell back to customers). I returned the lamps and will never step foot into this store again.
Very good pollo and green chili burrito enchilada style...Yum!
I seem to always get up sold whenever I go to an Autobell. The problem is, I spend more money thinking I will get better service but it is never the case with autobell. This location was no different. Stick with the normal cleaning packages and it is well worth the money. Buy their upgrades and it is a waste.
Should read review before going, felt have to come here to write review. Everything people comment is true. You are almost shocked by the vol for food and think that they must divided food in the kitchen for you. Can't understand how can you make a noodle at the price with that quality and quantity.
Try feta cheese mozzeralla\nMixed pizza it's money
Good consistent food and great beer. Really only come for their great happy hour and to watch football and of course the garlic frys
I used to really enjoy getting takeout from this location. Lately the store has become a little rundown and the service (especially when ordering over the phone) is really lacking, to the point of being rude.
Way too efficient if you ask me... Lines move slow and people are just plain old grumpy\n\nIts Vegas after all
At 2AM, after a night out, what more can you ask for, but a 4.99 steak and egg dinner/breakfast/lunch?? They give you steak, hash, eggs, and toast, all that for less than the number of fingers on one hand. Perhaps we got lucky and the server was actually very nice
Not my favorite place to hang out but they have great drink specials and some of the best chicken chili I've ever had - in fact that's really the reason I frequent this place for the chili.  I've had a few other things on the menu and everything is pretty decent.
What a great concept and really great decor, fun menu. Very small bar tables and chairs. I went for the chocolate pizza and was a bit disappointed. It was good, but not really all that special :( Really wanted to be wowed but wasn't.
Service is excellent here and they do make that a priority. Chinese chicken salad lacks flavor with the dressing and quite bland. I would get a different next time. I would definitely come back here.
Great dinner and cocktails. My husband loved the veal chop and my pasta in brandy cream sauce was amazing and I don't know why there are so many bad reviews. Dining on the patio is a must.
Pretty good Pho
Thin, square (that's their gimmick 'our pizza is in a square shape') dry chain-resteraunt pizza that's forgettable. Salads also uninspired.
I've been to this location over 10 times.  A very good small neighborhood Chinese Restaurant.  Well over a hundred menu options.  Friendly staff, good food, best price.  If you want more options, bigger, fancier, and perhaps the best tasting, go to Benihanas.  This is usually a 3 or 4 star experience.
I had never been here before and the barista helped me pick an Amazing iced caramel soy latte. It was delicious and he was super friendly. The atmosphere carries good tunes and a cool casual atmosphere. :).
Really gotta take the Westin name off this place.  It feels like a Days Inn.  At least upgrade the TV's to flatscreens.  It's 2011, a 32\" lcd is like $400.
I enjoyed the aesthetic but the music was too loud, it took was 20 minutes to just get water, the floors were dirty, our waiter was awkward and didn't ever check up on us, the spinach artichoke dip was very cheesy, and the meal was very average. They had a really great house salad dressing though!
Just because the lunch special is cheap, it doesn't mean it's a good value for lunch. Call it for what it is. Boring, blah, bland Chinese food. If you're close and are pressed for time it's something to keep your stomach from grumbling. But if you have other options take them.
Great food & a cigar room to boot! The portions aren't big but the flavor & presentation are wonderful. A bit pricy but all the restaurants in the area are comparable.  Bring your own smoke for after your dinner & enjoy the many cocktails available in the cigar bar.
I liked this location a couple of years ago but not anymore. Ordered the turkey and roast beef on wheat. It was dry and the beef tasted like bread. The banana peppers tasted like nothing as well. I don't think I'll be going here anymore....
This place gives you huge portions.  A great spot for breakfast and lunch.  I posted a few pictures of the burgers.  Check out the pics and then stop by and try one.  It was delicious.
They called me SEVEN MONTHS LATER (June) to let me know my magazines and ammo was in stock. Unbelievable.
Great food, atmosphere, and service! I've been here 4 times and had a good experience each time.
They called within 24 hours apologizing and tried to make it right. This goes a looong way for me. It was much appreciated.
Good toppings and this location is very friendly. Not crazy about the prices, large pepperoni, unbaked, $12? Try $8\n\nBut my kids like it!
Have stayed at many nice and not so nice hotels,  very good value, clean, and the downloadable app tells you all you need to know about the hotel.  Downside, small tub but huge bathroom. Skimpy on the towels and old tv.  Comfy bed, nice sitting area, and great view.  Would stay again and again.
Pure Luxury just did another fantastic job on my 06 Mercededs.  I love a detailed car,  and Bernice is the best.  I recommend them for great service at a reasonable price.  She also offers a mobile tinting service.  Love the flexible hours and professional service.
Hand down BEST GREEK FOOD IN TOWN!! I love this place every time I go in there they are so friendly very authentic place love love love
Unbelievable. How the heck do you run out of crushed peppers and parmesan cheese?\n\nI should've run back in and grabbed a whole roll of those Bounty-like paper towels. Would've served them right.
Sushi was good & so was the food. Decent pricing. Not my number 1 sushi place but heck of a lot better than any more easy of Nevada!
This is the go to ramen place in Las Vegas for me.  The broths are incomparable and the noodles, veggies and add ons are more pleasures than one person should enjoy.  Truck stop portions in a little stand alone building w/easy access and fabulous service.
Good shrimp Po boy, Good beer selection. Worth a try if your in Belmont.
The Luxor is a tiered LV hotel. The rooms are not updated but what bothered us the most was the bad smell, which management tries to mask with large quantities of air fresheners.
Yolanda keeps me looking fresh. The best barber in town. Come and check it out.\nEveryone is awesome! The shop is always clean.
La selecci\u00f3n no es la mejor todo esta salado, y se tardan mucho para poner lo que se acabo, no creo que regrese a este lugar
I tried their teriyaki lunch there and although they give you a lot of food it don't taste so great
It was best buffet you can get in Vegas. Worth paying for...I love everything they have...no joke..
So far, the best casual dining experience in Madison. I loved the sustainable, locally obtained ingredients and creative reimaginings of traditional favorites. When you can make a meal out a pub pretzel, you know you have struck gold.
decent sushi and amazing mock chicken dishes, regular chinese food is sub-par.
Its is a pretty building near lots of places to eat. However no one who works at city hall doesn't have a recommendation for anything! Lame! I was hoping for a spectacular place to eat at while in this neck of the woods.....disappointed. Oh well, on my own I shall venture
Prices are good if you can find what you want. Some nights the place gets so emptied you wonder if the people ordering are sleeping. Also would recommend buying your produce elsewhere as you can often find rotten fruits and veggies mixed in with the \"good\" stuff. But as I said the prices are lower then most anywhere in town.
They always forget the hash brown and or the hot sauce for the breakfast burritos:/ I'm going to start checking my order every time I go here, can't trust them!
Basically my favorite \"creative\" Mexican food spot. Hands down, best guacamole in town. Get it with everything in it - including the pomegranate seeds. The low rider margarita is awesome. Also, their signature pork dish is pretty tasty.
Me and my girl friend have been here a few times. She's from Beijing and she likes it and says the food is good. The decor is a little dated but the prices are very reasonable. 2 people can eat for under thirty dollars. We will go back.
Called and. Left message. Told them that I had a home invasion and neeed a 6 camera system.  They have not returned my call and follow up second call.
Overpriced.!.!.! Especially since you have to order in a \"fast-food\" line.  The food is sub-standard with no vegetarian option.  I spent so much taking my family here we could have gone to a GOOD restaurant.
Wonderful atmosphere for focused work; open \"garage door\" style with fresh air; free fast wifi; lots of side street parking; delicious coffee
Would be a great hang out if 1) it weren't mid-summer since all seating is outdoors and 2) if they cleaned up around their patio.  My garage is less messy.  Had the fish and it was undercooked....  Beware.
Great sandwich very reasonable and fast the name seams a little strange didn't know what it was but when I stopped in I was pleasantly surprised great for a quick lunch
The curry here was OK, Paid for extra topping but only got 4 leafs. sigh. But used my iDcard and got a discount 20% OFF entire bill which is pretty cool.
Meh, prime location so I expected better. Typical late night bar food being served in a restaurant. I would had to have been drunk to enjoy the food. Don't waste your time or $
After tasting these donuts, I realized that not all Rainbow Donuts are created equal.\nThese are the best I've had in the Valley.  Worth braving those early Sunday mornings to get my fix.
The teriyaki chicken was ok, sauce too sweet and too much of it. I liked they offered the brown rice as an option. I was leaning towards the sushi, but the fish looked funny, fishy if you like (Sorry for the bad pun, but I had to!)
Went to Dlish for the first time on Sunday for lunch.  It was a great place to go.  Ordered a turkey cranberry sandwich and had it switched to a style without bread.  They tried to make it as close to what I wanted and they well exceeded my expectations.  Great place to go for breakfast or lunch!!
Its Wal-Mart
The salmon pizza is great along with the service and the drinks.  Our entries (Beef Stroganoff was good but not great.  Very plentiful.  Very pricey.
Who needs a dealer that speaks English when everything is so cheap? This place can be a blast if you go with a big enough group.
I searched for Vietnamese cuisine and this place popped up. This really isn't a restaurant and more of a happy hour / bar destination.  Very confusing. The house pho was tasty, however next time I'm going next store to Thai Basil (same plaza!).
If I could give this place no stars, I would. Worst manicure I've ever had. They upcharged my 13 year old sister kid sister without first alerting one of us the change in pricing. Total rip off, rude service, not even worth going back to get my nails fixed.
They are crooks & bamboozled me for a meal that I did not even enjoy! Beware of their pricing and I will never eat there again!
They were 25 minutes late. I called and was told they were only 5 minutes away.  Ten minutes late I called and told they would be there in 5 minutes.  Would not recommend.
After hearing so much about this place, we went to have breakfast there.It is way overrated!!! IHOP's pancakes are way better.
Wasn't crazy about this place... got take out pizza.... great, if u like under cooked doughy pizza...no bueno!
Get George's Special with giardiniera, and grab a Bundeburg Ginger Beer.\n\nI know this review was terse, but if you haven't been here before, this is all the information you need.
Damn good Dim Sum.  \n\nReason enough to give strip mall chinese restaurants an honest shake.\nFinally another Chinese restaurant in the valley worth patronizing.
Terrible service, I don't know if they're understaffed or they just don't care. A lot of open tables with long wait
So underwhelmed. Food wasn't terrible, I have had worse in the land of BBQ but it's not great
I like how spread out it is. Makes it feel less crowded. About to eat a PB&J Burger at the \"me so hungry\" truck.
Happily surprised!   The food was fast and fresh. The service was GREAT!   The owner knows quite a few people by name and greets them as they come in.  Everyone that works the counter is very nice, didn't expect this level of service.   We will be back!
If I wanted to go to a club like this I would've just drove to San Jose.. FOR REALS.
I come to LAS for business about once a month. I find myself returning to this place every time! I cannot say enough good things about the food! I highly recommend eating at the Palace Station Oyster Bar! The Palace Pan Roast is phenomenal!
... since las vegas is full of buffets, let me get to the point right away...\ndont go here !!\nwe were here for a friends wedding so we really didnt have a choice.
This is a great place! The Cottage pie is so tasty...have tried it several different places and now are half this good. Fish and chips are great as well. My father has come a few times for the breakfast and really enjoys it. Will continue to eat as it truly is a favorite now!
Came here based on reviews from yelp. It really was extremely delicious - we were here in December on a week day and didnt have to wait to be seated. The food took a little long to come out,  but the deliciousness made up for it.
Beautiful store but their staff isn't as friendly as the Safeway employee at the via Linda store  I go out of my way to shop at via Linda store for that exact reason.
flavors suck, managment sucks, there were kids eating like pigs, never again will i go there
When the building air conditioning unit went down and it was literally 112 degrees outside, our building manager Deena did everything possible to help us out with fans and to get the situation resolved as soon as possible.  We really appreciate her attentiveness and professionalism.
Not impressed with the food at all, chicken was dry. Was offered outdoor seating with misters but they forgot to mention being surrounded by smokers and the misters weren't working. Manager did his best along with our second waitress, but I won't be returning.
It was nicely air conditioned.  The only downfall is lack of seating.  Most of the venues are standing only.  Not too great when you are standing for hours.  I probably would have stayed through the whole concert if I wasn't already standing during the opening act.
Has a few vegan options.  Homemade lemonade that was heavenly!  Pretty good hummus and pita bread.  Grape leaves had a good flavor but were a little soggy from over saturation in lemon juice.
I found Michaels about 3 years ago, excellent work great prices and he's really honest that is important. You will need to make an appointment because now he's pretty busy, but he can always fit you in in an emergency.
This is my second time in yuyu, the food are really delicious and the staffs are very friendly.
Tasty? Yes. Over-priced? WOW- by a ton!!! Two of us ate hot dogs and salads for $40! Way too much.
I had my VW diagnosed at Findlay Toyota and they said I needed to replace a part and it would cost 2500+. After finding Eurotek on Yelp I was so l grateful! Leo was able to clean the part which didn't need replacing and saved me $2300. I'll never take my car anywhere else!
Some seriously tasty pizza.  Felt like I was back in Italy again.  Love that they have pizza marinara listed right on the menu, which is an excellent option for vegan folks!
Last two visits, very poor, rude service.  Very disappointing.  I will not be back for a long time, need to get the bad taste out of my mouth.
Nice try, but nothing memorable or worth going back for.
Beautiful day for outdoor dining.  We were early for dinner - they were not yet busy. Our service and food were good and we will return on our next visit to the Phoenix area.
Fries are good. The seating is narrow and cramped.  Don't bring a large group.  You won't have room to eat. The seats are almost upright and uncomfortable to sit in for more than 5 minutes.
Did not have no sugar added flavors. Store is large enough to have one designated dispenser.
Yeah just not feelin' the love here.  The Old Fashioned is a crowded, pretty noisy pub with a dizzying array of local beers on tap.  Burger was good but nothing special.  Definately a good watering hole if you want to engage in Wisconsin's state sport, beer drinking.
I loove Culver's! Their cheese curds are amazing! The people are friendly and everything on the menu is damn good!
Horrible service. No taxis available- took over 20 minutes to get one. Overpriced food choices based on quality and quantity of food. Staff gave poor directions inside casino to where items were. Poor drink service.
Sushi and some another foods buffet restaurant. This restaurant's sushi quality is good. I like to go there! Service is okay, price is reasonable, need to ride bus or car to visit this restaurant. It's little far on the strip.
I love how it's the only restaurant that is open 24 hours near Mt Lebanon\n\nIt's always good food, even after a night out at the bars.
Now that they have a place closer to Cali. this is by far the best popcorn in the world...but if any advice were given, EAT IT THERE..best when eaten the same day.
Love it here! Shrimp and grits is my fav!! Dominic is the best server he makes it feel homie..will be going back next time I'm in Vegas for sure! And I'll make sure to check the new location out!
Tried the #1 pho dish this time.  Didn't care for the off flavor of the mock meat.  Maybe vegetarians like that flavor better than I do.  Deducted a couple of stars.
I typically do not like chain restaurants but the service here is always amazing. I haven't had dinner at this specific location. I usually go Tuesday nights when they have $1 fish tacos that are amazing!They have amazing happy hour specials and during the summer the patio is great!
I love how friendly everyone is and they have the best beds that give the best color in town
Delicious, with excellent selection. Don't let the exterior fool you, the food is amazing. Without the reviews on yelp we may have drove right by.
Worst caked picked up right now. I think albertsons across the street has better cake decorators. Super disappointed after wanting to try new bakeries.. This is what I get. 70 bucks for a cake I could have decorated better. Should I even taste the inside?
It was ok but the sauce did not agree with my stomach. Would try something  different  next time
Good, authentic cuisine.\n\nI would go back.
Best food, cheap prices and the nicest people you could ask for.  The Spicy Eggplant is incredible, as is everything on their menu.  Highly recommended!
Came here for late lunch on a rainy Monday. Not crowded but there were still a couple of tables full of happy people. The atmosphere is basic, the tacos autenticos are very delicious. Simple, fresh-tasting, excellent with a Sabor margarita.
Couldn't have asked for a more beautiful setting. The TV is HUGE and the food is very fresh. Thanks for a great experience!
Love this place! The creative bottles (and the fact that you can reuse them) make great gifts for anyone who enjoys cooking or is hosting a dinner party. Diverse selection of vinegars and oils - my favorites are the star fig and apple varieties.
Don't know why everyone likes this place. Ate here three times in hope I was wrong. I was right, this place is over rated. Their ahi poke was salty. You can't have hawaiian food and mess up poke.
Terrible gym, bad hours, close entire gym for maintenance without warning, lots of staff that do nothing because weights always everywhere, so many people there you have to wait for everything...good reviews here only for price which is pretty good.
Leave lots of time if you are using a rental car!  The rental car center is quite far from the airport and you have to wait for the shuttle.  No tram or alternate routes means at least 20 minute process.
This place is such a disappointment. Bad service and the creeps was so thick and crunchy.
Beyond adorable ice cream and candy shop!  There is a limited number of flavors but with all the different topping you can invent your own!\n\nI love that they have a sorts of fun little trinkets and toys.  A great place to take your kids or satisfy a sweet tooth after having a meal at Windsor next door.
The auto-generated email saying that the owner would contact me was a complete lie. No call. No email. No anything. Well, it's cool... There are other choices out there.
Garbage.. All if these reviews are people that like vegan organic gluten free pizza.. Show me the meat and cheese!!
We ordered from here for an office lunch. I used their online ordering system and a rep from the store called me to confirm my order. They were very timely and the food was good. The delivery woman was also very informational, she gave us some information about deals and gave us a card to track purchases for a free sandwich.
Food - 4.5\nAmbience - 3\nService - 3\nValue - ?
Horrible service. Salsa was great. Combo fajitas were average at best. \n\nQueso fundido was amazing.
Awesome burgers. Juicy and tasty. Fries are wonderful too.
Absolutely love this bar!  Amazing staff, great ambiance and live music nearly every night.  I've been coming here since it opened and would recommend it to anyone. Eclectic menu with great daily specials and a killer back bar of bourbon and whiskey.  Keep up the great work!!
Couldn't be more pleased with the guys at Gaia. Not only was the bouquet beautiful but I was stuck late with jury duty on valentines day and they were kind enough to wait for me to get out.
Disappointing. I've been to lots of taquerias in Mexico, St. Louis and California, and this one was way below average. As much as I like authentic Mexican food, I'd prefer a big chain over this place. Not recommended.
Just a note... if you go to the drive thru and tell them that you're eating in your car, they'll give you an open box instead of a bag.  They even offer a placemat!  Sweet!
The food is great but they sure need to work on their To-Go. I was waiting for like 50mins just for 4 orders of lunch specials. The place wasn't even packed.
Very disappointing. A very unimaginative menu with fair at best food
Decent wings, but they were a bit dry. Great for groups as a bunch of us were able to have a corner too ourselves.
Picked up sum bass pro shop kids fishing poles for $15 per. Great but! Gentleman in the fishing dept was very friendly in suggesting items we should try/use. Thanks to this purchase our weekend was amazing & the kids were ecstatic.
I agree with some of the reviewers, this place can be really loud.  I have been there several times only because it is convenient before or after the movies.  The food is ok, not horrible, not cuisine.  The drinks could be better.
As a vegetarian, it was completely worth the price! Angry mac and cheese and chocolate covered strawberries were AMAZING. Wonderful attentive service. We went for lunch and the line took about 20 minutes, not bad at all!
Wish I could give more stars but this place could be so much better.  Dark, no cigars for sale and expensive ($9 for a bourbon on the rocks?). Even though I live 2 minutes away, I drive 20 minutes to The Tasting Room in Monona if I crave a good cigar.
Even a gun dryer, perfect for motorcycles!
My husband and I took an intro class and had a great time. The pumpkins came out just as we hoped they would. Will make a great keepsake for years to come. We will definitely be taking another class soon!
It was FatBurger. What u think??? 1 * 2 * 3 * 4 *
Good food, HUGE portions. Got a blueberry pancake plate and a waffle plate for 3 adults and one child. More than enough food. Good tasting food, very friendly and attentive service. Will give it another shot when I go to Vegas again.
Decent food, not a terribly vegetarian friendly menu. Food wasn't bad, but nothing I'd venture to rave about. Good service and they serve a decent Americano. \n\nI wouldn't go out of my way for a second visit, but if you're in the area, not a bad choice.
Just don't waste your time driving out to this one... Wigwam location is better..
great time
Great family oriented restaurant/bar where the staff is friendly and he food is good.  Kevin and his team always take good care of their customers.
Best food and service... I can't get over how amazing this place is! One of the freshest places we've eaten at! Nice dark atmosphere!
I was really unimpressed by the quality of the food, especially for the price! It wasn't bad, but not somewhere I'll be going again.
Im a huge fan of someburros but this location has drastically lesser quality foid than others. My chicken taco had barely a tablespoon of chicken inside and my cheese crisp was literally cheese-less! I asked for a new one at was glared at. Spending money on gas driving to another location is worth it.
1 min late, no breakfast for you... Salsa is extra$$$$ really?  Wondered why it was dead. Sucked
The fountain show is really entertaining.  The music they pump out is clear and loud.  The water shoots higher than you think it would be able to and it's just all around a good time depending on whether you  like the song playing or not.
I love this Target. \nClean and well lit.\nPharmacy staff is excellent and friendly.\nI've never had to wait in a long check-out line - if a line develops, they always get more people on registers.
i visited today at the apple store at town square and had the pleasure to work with rem and dominique \nboth the girls were very understanding and helped me out beyond words\ngreat customer service girls , well done!!
Stay away!!!!!! The waiters/waitresses hate you and your hapiness.
I have to say I'm pretty disappointed by the service. Got seated right away, but it took 20 minutes for a server to come to us. I actually had to ask another server for water and ask for the manager before even being contacted. Manager barley apologized. Horrible service. Decent food.
I was disappointed when we went here. Could have been all the hype in the reviews so I had my expectations up.  My burrito tasted like onion soup. My boyfriend was disappointed with his burrito too. Wouldn't recommend going here. Service was good, though.
Service was very slow even though when we first arrived there were only 2 other people there.  Food was great and large portions--20% tip already included which I don't like--I generally do give 20% but don't like having to if service is only mediocre.
Sent Brandi a few pictures from the web for Thomas the Train Engine cakes and she nailed it.  Easy transaction and communication.  Cake tasted good too.  Will definately be using again for our other son's birthday :)
Great Happy Hour!! Friendly staff and the food is always on point! Get here early though to get a good spot on the patio.
Stab me in the face..... This is a disgrace to the word, FOOD.
Staff is rude and unprofessional.   After my procedure they were quick to ignore a progressing medical issue yet were great at taking my financial information.  It may be difficult to ignore this place since many surgeons use this location, but just ask yourself:  Is my safety less important than my convenience?
Great service, nice environment, big ticket pricing for good food. No negatives. Not my favorite.
The trendiness and atmosphere of this place will probably draw you in, but overall it just gets three stars from me. Plenty of presentation points, and the food was fairly good, but from a value standpoint, it falls short a bit. It's worth trying, however.
Made an appointment for 10:15. The sign says they open at 10, but it's 10:30 and the place is still closed. I've read good reviews about her technique, so it's sad that she will not be getting my business.
There are night clubs and there is Marquee the night club. \n\nA really nice lobby and stuff but this night poor execution. We have table service but it like we have to wait over an hour just to talk to the man handling reservations.  \n\nSo yeah after that it was time to jet!
decent sushi for the price. great happy hour prices!!! sat at the bar and the bartender (Jeff?) was really sweet
Capo's on Sahara is delish! The pastas are yummy and service was great. The meat is cooked to perfection and seasoned very well. The ambiance is perfect for friends or a date.
Great Starbucks to get some work done. Had great working areas (big tables) which I love. The service was great as well - the baristas were very friendly.
The food is actually pretty decent but the customer server is nil
Great food! Clean. Basic. Friendly staff and reasonably priced. What more do you need?
loved the fish tacos!  the coconut milk coleslaw is fantastic!  vey nice and clean restaurant with surf boards as tables. highly recommend!
this place sits 24 people max (I think that's what the sign says) there's usually a line to get in but it's worth the wait. tonkatsu ramen, Kim Chee fried rice and gyoza is all you need...it's a lot of food so share :)
I will stick my weiner in a meat grinder before I ever eat here again.  The chicken (if it was indeed chicken) was chewy, the store itself was dirty (dead bugs in areas where they couldn't easily sweep).  If my posts end after this......you will know it was from dirty food
It's... Okay... I don't understand why Korean people on this campus are obsessed with Golden Wok. Sh*t isn't f8+king Holy water. I would give the food 2 stars but the owner is so friendly: 3 stars.
The red lentil soup, shrimp artichoke and imam fainted were out of the world. The service was fantastic as well
Great flowers
The service was prompt...the food hot...the beer cold....the price was within reason....any questions??
My first stop in the morning when I work day shift. They know my name, they make my drink right and they are always happy. Cant ask for more.
How could you mess up grilled cheese?  They managed to.  Cute place and friendly staff, but I probably won't be back.
My husband and I have been going to these people for years! The staff is super friendly and they're boba is delicious. We also always order their Teryaki Chicken bowl and it is very tasteful.
The service has been much better recently. I've been seated promptly and my server has gotten my tangerine juice out right away.
Service was fine but the food was pretty mediocre. I had the verde enchilladas and they were just rather meh. Too much cilantro and otherwise rather bland.
The arroz pon collo was a great dish! The plates full of chicken and veggies to fill you up! Make sure to ask for the soft shells to go with it!
We go here often for business lunches.  \nThe food is consistently decent.\nThe service inconsistent.  \n\nThey make a great Arnold Palmer though...
Wow...grease and filth!  This place (like all the others) gives new meaning to \"gut burger\".  Flavorless crap heaped on a bun with cold fries to fill in any void remaining.  Once was once too often.
Was formerly Brasserie PUCK. LOVE the new concept and menu. The pizzas are traditional great Wolfgang fare...try the mussels...to die for!
Overpriced, Americanized, Asian style food. Although advertised as a noodle and dim sum restaurant the menu contains food from all over the place with little dim sum offerings. Everything is overpriced for what it is. The service was fine and the atmosphere was nice as well. But the food was not worth it.
Free entrance, free drinks, still only two stars. The place was kind of empty, even at midnight, and only a few people were dancing.
The noodles are amazing but the service is 0. The lady who was my waiter was very rude. But other than that the food here is awesome!!'
Awe man, I used to eat here consistently for a solid 3 years. The health code fiasco wasn't something they ever recovered from. Plus they messed it up twice now. Great job guys! Not my go to anymore, sadly enough. They opened up a Taco joint where they used to be. Not bad! Worth checking out.
Have fallen in love with their White Pizza with chicken on garlic butter crust! Highly recommend it.
It gets a little crowded during the day. I'm not a big coffe fan, I mostly go to Starbucks for the carrot cake. It is delicious. Have you tried it?
Convenient location, not very impressed with detail of cleaning service crew or concierge service. Spacious standard room, slick and modern but not at par with JW Marriott or W hotels. Price was very reasonable.
NASTY HOTEL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! When you come in smells like some one DIE IN IT !!!
Great guys! They showed up on time and were very professional. They were able to handle a last minute job cross-town move without any problem. Ask for Eli at smooth move if you need the job done quick and well
Their dessert is so good I can't get enough. They are getting 4 stars not 5 because our waiter was a little grumpy. Hopefully the next time I go we get someone else!
Meh, nothing special at all! Had the brisket sliders, more like fat sliders. Save yourself the nausea....
This airport is the size of downtown.\nAnd I like the sports bar in Terminal C.\nThat is all.
Great Pizza! The slice specials are a good price. The wings are good. The large pies can get expensive but I have no compliants about taste.
I haven't had a patty melt in years! It was just as good as I remembered! Love the skinny fries and they have Dr. Pepper! Next time I'll bring my kids!
Not much to say other than great food, great service but music is a little loud. I'm a touring audio engineer that loves shaking arenas but when I'm eating I don't want to shout.
If i could give zero stars i would.    calling what i ate a pizza would be an insult to pizza.    hands down worst pizza i've ever had.
I was not happy with my experience at Toby Keith's. The service was terrible. They seemed to be under staffed and our waitress was not very friendly or attentive to our needs. The food was ok, but not something I would rave about. I don't think I would go back there again.
I highly recommend this auto shop when your car runs into any kind of trouble. My car overheated the night before I came in. As soon as the shop opened at 8am, they were able to get my car in and get it fixed right away. The service is definitely at its best and the prices are exceptionally reasonable.
The food was okay...very salty, but the reason for the rating was the service. Do come here for sunday brunch unlesd you have three hours to wait and are not that hungry. The manager gave us a discount and free dessert to comp us for our time.
I hated the experience. It is chaotic. There is no organization and you stand there trying to figure out where to go and where to pay. The food was ok at best and I don't understand the people who rave about it. If you want to feel panic go eat there.
Overrated. Don't go out of your way. The tortillas are better than most places but the entire dishes are not special. If you are in the neighborhood its worth a stop but don't make a special trip.
What a beautifully decorated restaurant and bar. Friendly staff. The spaghetti with mushroom & bacon was amazing. Definitely coming back for happy hour (M-Th 5-10pm) especially since it's just down the street from my house!
I love coming here the location is convenient the staff is always friendly & nice one time I went 2 hours before closing & the workers Natasha & Jennifer had no manners did not say hello did not even ask to take my order I had to ask them!! Acted like they did not want me there !
The food is excellent and the people there are super nice.
This place rules!  Free happy hour, real silverware and dishes in the awesome breakfast buffet, friendly people.  And pet friendly too!  Comfy bed, very clean and updated rooms.  Not a lot of noise.  Totally great hotel.
Friendly atmosphere and very good service. But the Reuben sandwich didn't have very much meat, a disappointment since the other ingredients were plentiful.
Great food and atmosphere and the Watermelon Zipperita is awesome
This place is great!  I have been there for both lunch and breakfast.  Food is larger portion and great.  As everyone has said, the coffee cake is to die for.  Service is good.  Never had a bad time here for meals or service.
It's like being home. Sarap Pinoy food. :)
Awesome food... I went here to pick up a plate of food to go. If u don't mind waiting a bit for your food to be done, this is a must. The pupusas are the beat in town in my opinion.
Always clean, always fresh, or maybe my timing is always awesome. Also, they are very quick to get you through the line, even at lunch rush!
The Art of Detail Auto Spa is incredible!!! Everyone on staff is knowledgeable and incredibly detailed in everything that they do. Art and his crew are out of the ordinary because they like to have fun. When these guys show up they handle their business and have fun the whole time. I highly recommend this business to anyone and everyone I know!
i have been going this place now almost 20 years plus.  great food good people what more can u ask for....
This place is good in my book!!!! Nice portions on the sandwiches, and not to mention they have cheesecake that is simply AMAZING!!!!! Don't sleep on JASON'S DELI, they definitely are handling some big business over here!
I bought myself one of the gold LUCKY necklaces for myself for my birthday and just wore it yesterday for the very first time and it's already horribly tarnished. For 40 bucks, I expected far better quality. Very disappointed.
Super good food, but I'm pretty sure they just heat it up in the back when you order.
Solid 2 stars for me. Pretty mediocre. The lobster quality isn't great and the mac and cheese is made with fake velveeta-ish cheese. Wouldn't recommend it.
Horible customer service, the portions have become way smaller while the prices have doubled. The lady at the register really hates her job. 16 dollars for two burgers and she tried giving me only one katchup container saying one per customer.
More affordable and just as fashionable than Forever21, not too busy during weekday which make shopping a breeze, friendly staff
We liked the service.....sushi also fresh....steak cooked right....generally pretty good
Stopped in for a business breakfast. I had the Chilaquiles with scrambled eggs. It was great. It's not really on my side of town but I'd really like to go back and try some other dishes. Hefty portions at great prices. All four of us ate well for under $40 including drinks.
I just expect so much more in wings especially when the place is named after it. Can't really say anything about the food. Never impressed. The beer is cold and great for watching Football.
The worst Walmart in Madison.  I am  so  bummed  this  is the  closest one  to  my house,  cuz it's horrible!!  Rude employees.  I waited in line at the  site to store line at the counter  while  the  cashier kept taking people behind  me.
have had dessert there a couple times. There is a Malaysian place next door I love, and I go toPanaderia AZ Central for dessert after.\n\nTheir Panaderia La Central is the best I have ever had. I love their gelato and the portions are very generous and reasonably priced.
Very awesome custard ice cream! I love the shakes, super creamy, decently priced, friendly staff in the late afternoon.
We ate here for breakfast. Restaurant was half full. Food was good but it took about 20 mins to get it out. In addition waitress was not responsive.
Food was really good and the atmosphere was relaxed and nice. Services was good but a little edgy, which wasn't a bad thing.
I catch my breakfast about 2 times a week here.  The staff is friendly and know what I want before I sit down.  I like the traditional menu and stick with the basics.  That's what I like, they do have other creative things on the menu but I just like my omlete.
FUGGHET ABOUT IT! I personally know one of the male cooks who works there and from what he tells me the pizzas are left out way past holding times, no one uses gloves, money is touched then the same hands touch pizza. You couldn't give that to me for free! Yuck.
Service is great, drinks are good, food is only ok. Stuffed peppers and dates are the best thing there. However, the entire restaurant smells like an old dish rag. It makes me wonder how clean things are...
Awesome portions but some of the dishes are bland. The pan cake was delicious and their bisket and gravy.
It's a very nice casino.  Everything looks perfect.  The tables are a little expensive though.  This isn't the Venetian!
It's Six Flag's little sister!\n\n;D\n\nStill some fun,\ngets boring after a while.
I've never actually been here, but I called to find out their price for crab legs and they said they couldn't tell me over the phone.  Why not????  They lost a potential customer because of this.  However, Smith's has great prices on crab legs!
It's been over two years since I've been here but the friendliness and helpfulness of all the staff has not changed! My dog was frightened, but their compassion eased both him and I!
Great service,  great sushi, the lemonade is delicious! Blue moon on Draft also great! Would return!
First off theres nothing wrong with this place. The decor is awesome, the place was bustling and the food was good. \n\nThe place just gave me now WOW factor. I love Frank Sinatra and loved the theme, but the food alone would have me choosing a lot of other places in Las Vegas over here.
Very inexpensive rooms and I didn't have to walk through the casino to get there. More of a local place, but convenient to the strip. Got a room on the first floor on the inside, so wasn't noisy at all. Staff was efficient. Parking was very close to the room.
Horrible...I'll never eat at this place again. I found spiders crawling around in my carne Asada fries... Disgusting
It was good. Good price. Was not impressed with the processed tuna. Real tuna would have made it a 4 star
I never want to stay in this bed bug infested crap hole again. Line to check in took over 3 hours. Awful, just awful.
This place sucks!!! Cheap stores, and full of families with strollers. It's like a low end Caesars. Won't be back!
Delicious.... just delicious. I recommend parking very close to the restaurant because you will have a difficult time walking after that mac & cheese.
Customer service is excellent. My family and I are now frequent regulars and enjoy the menu variety.
Good pho, I prefer my broth a little stronger on the spices and the beefiness, but que sera sera.\n\nDecent prices, good service.\n\nA can't miss, like nearly every other viet restaurant i've ever been in.
This place needs to be featured on an episode of Bar Rescue.\n\nBeyond terrible service.
Meh. I've experienced better buffets than this. \n\nFreakishly long line, but luckily we pass the line because my aunt has a VIP player's card. \n\nQuality & quantity is pretty low. Price is high.
Typical McDonald's, consistent food and conveniences. Today however I waited in the drive-through for over 15 minutes.  I cannot remember being stuck in a drive through that long and McDonald's before!!
Very professional from the beginning to the end! Elizabeth is energetic and the work that was performed is second to none!  I highly recommend using them!
Was very disappointed. We have frequented this restaurant before and decided to go for date night. Food came out way to fast and tasted like it was from old supply. Chicken was rubbery,meatballs not done,bacon dates tasted mushy. So sad we will not be coming back.
Terrible customer service.  I think they burned my drink because I sent it back.  I said no ice and it felt like everyone rolled their eyes.  Starbucks should have a laid back feel, not a diva feel.  Wanna be a diva?  Drink rockstar and quit Starbucks.  Love lattes though.  :)
I am giving 4 stars for making Guacamole at the table.  I was fantastic, it had sun dried tomatoes in it, the first time i had every had guacamole with it.  Very Good.\n\nI order the fish tacos and honestly wish i had got something else.  It was ok, nothing too spectacular.
Awesome evening out. Food, service and overall experience was wonderful. We opted for a bottle of wine instead of the drink pairings and were very pleased with the staff's recommendations.
The food here is worth the return. Please assure that you have saved up your calories for the week/points as the shakes are simply wonderful!
Very good deli sandwiches with portions that are big enough to share, but it is still hard to justify the prices. Should try at least once when visiting Mesa, AZ.
Total Business Solutions has really helped me get my company organized. They handle my payroll, monthly sales tax, P&L's and year end taxes. The staff is very attentive and helpful in answering my emails and phone calls. My meetings with Jason are always productive and useful.
Adrienne is the best! The only negative is it's a bit pricey for gel mani and pedi it was $90.
Just tried to go have dinner.  Said they were closed @ 8:30.  There was only one couple in the dining room, but that's the nature of the business.  Change your hours if you do not want to stay open until 9.
Trippers, all of you other reviewers. \n\nThis place has a bad name. Should be called \"Cafe Cul-de-Sac\". There is nothing cosmopolitan about this place, or their menu. Save your dollars, unless you feel the need to torture yourself.
Passable, but really cheap sushi.\n\nThe rice is a bit hard and the sushi is a bit too warm, but the service is so friendly and the price so cheap that I would definitely come again.
Ok so I'm a rollercoaster guru....and this rollercoaster....yea...I got a stiff neck too. I mean it was fun. But it's like getting in consecutive car accidents. I like em more fluid. Not like WWE....
Small rooms w/ small beds, walls are extremely thin, no wonder it's cheap, you really get what you pay for, will never stay here again.
The Chile Colorado rocks!  I'm form California, but have family in Phoenix.  Have not been there since 09, but I'm glad to see it is still around.
The best sandwiches I have tried so far. Prices are little bit over, but it won't stop me to go there every time I want a hot yummy sandwich.
Put it simple....Big warehouse for pets. Awsome deals. Huge selection. YOU HAVE GOT TO CHECK THIS PLACE OUT.
It is a unique place, very old Phoenix.
Went Sunday night, and the prime rib was excellent! Melted in your mouth. Everything else was standard buffet fare high in carbs and preservatives, but the prime rib alone was memorable.
We tried to order for delivery because we are a few miles away. On their menu it says $15 minimum. We called to place the order and we were told today it's a $50 minimum. We found that insane so never ordered.
Nice new store....that's the only reason for 2 stars. The prices at this location are really high, maybe to pay for the new building?!?!
Nice filet mignon, wines and some of the sides are really good like the broccoli. The desserts were just ok. I think that for the price I was expecting a bit more. Service was excellent.
Food was terrible and very overpriced. I should have known to leave when i walked in and I could not smell a hint of barbecue smoke. WILL NEVER RETURN!
The stylist at this salon doesn't know ethnic hair,otherwise she wouldn't of trimmed so much hair off when it was straightened.  She should know that when the hair goes back to its original state of curly that the hair will now be very short.
Medium spicy turned out to be the most bland Indian food ever - at least for an Indian palate.
For only having Korean food 1 other time in my life this was SOO GOOD , glad I came here instead of where I was going
I'm not a big fan of cabela's because their prices tend to be pretty high and many of the products they carry are their own brand...so much for variety.  The only things they seem to have a large variety of are fishing poles and guns.
Never have I been so disrespected; nor treated with such lack of consideration as I was at windsor.  As zero stars is not a possibility; you have the one.
My experience with Rebecca and Integrity All Star Team was GREAT!! They were available when I needed them to be. Gave me expert information about homes I was interested in. Was very professional and patient. I truly believe they had my best interest at heart. Without any questions one of the best Real Estate teams in Phoenix Az
The man serving me was very rude. I tried to ask a question before ordering and he brushed me aside.  Then I got my order and it was not what I expected - egg in chicken salad!? I had to chuck the whole thing.
Really crappy service, they could not have cared less about me or my injury, I would avoid these people.
Great place for all ages! music and decor was wonderful. Food was a little late getting to us, but we had fun waiting.
Had the carne asada and chorizo tacos. Both very good. Taste like the ones we eat in Tecate, MX. Will definitely be back next time we are in town.
Get an espresso drink, the brewed coffee (caf\u00e9 filtre) is mediocre and a little stale tasting.
The food is very tasty but the service is very lacking.  The servers are very friendly but not attentive at all.  The last three visits we were never asked if we wanted a second drink or more tapas.  It hasn't mattered where we sit, the service has been very poor.
Decent food and fast delivery service.  The prices are great in comparison to many of the other Chinese restaurants around town.  Love the ability to order online.
Will I ever go here again probably not.  It seems a bit over priced for okay food and the portions were very small.  I was pretty surprised that my boyfriend and I got in so quickly being that there is always an hour wait.   I will give 2 stars for the nice staff.
Good hotel.  Great distance from the hotel our convention was at, and near the strip.  Didn't like the $12 a day resort fee, but what can you do?  And the iPod plug in on our phone didn't work.
Great little spot at the Hard Rock. Food and drinks did take a while, but honestly I didn't mind too much because of all the viewing scenery sitting on the patio outside. It overlooks the Rehab pool during the day.
Great tepan with a super fun chef! Way better than Benny's.
The service is good. I didn't notice that my taro slush was watery but they came to me and offer another remade one. The service is worth 5 stars. I took one star off because if my personal preference. I like boba cooked a bit softer
Mmmmmmmmmm!  \nThis place is super clean and has a great promotion on Tuesdays, just .35 an oz.  Super friendly staff as well.
If you want to get ripped off, belittled, and treated like garbage... then this is the place for you.  I RECOMEND NO ONE shop here.  Horrible business ethics all around.
Best BBQ joint in town that we've tried better than Memphis and their service is definately better than Memphis\nAlways get the pulled pork sandwich and gobble it up.
I have visited Shauna a few times now and she never disappoints. She is skilled in several modalities and knows how to bring the pressure for all my knots. \nI have been to massage therapists around the world and I am glad to have found Shauna right here in my backyard.
My son plays baseball for a league that uses the parks fields. The park is always clean.   It has a nice dog park, little playground and pond for fishing.  Two problems for me are that there is alot of misquitos around the pond area and there is a loud train that comes through every night.
By far the best food I've ever had. The staff are very friendly and the atmosphere feels warm and welcoming. I had the steak breakfast... Very delicious and inexpensive
While eggplant stack was good, very Disappointed in quality of sea bass - tasted few days old.  Ambience was bad night club suck.  Bill came up $150 for two of us with only ordering a drink each which was a rip off.
i have to agree with benjamin p. i used to go there alot but always felt like i was bothering them with my business..havent been back in a while..i felt like a sandwich today and was gonna give it another try til i read the most recent reviews..i guess i will go somewhere else....
This is a good pizza place, but not up to all the hype. If you want a great pie, then take a trip to LA and visit Monzza.  Monzza makes the best pizza in all the land.
I love this place, great film selection, well targeted previews, can't wait for the espresso machine. Need more snacks.
Great bar! Tons of t.v's and a friendly staff! I love eating and watching football games here. Get here early though seats are gone fast.
I was not impressed with anything I have had here and probably will not return. The sushi rolls were small and left a sort of weird aftertaste in my mouth. Everything was just okay.
This place was great.  Great location, great staff, modern rooms etc.  They also have a free shuttle service to anywhere within a 3 miles radius. Definitely recommend.
Used to be good, now its awful.  Vets seem inexperienced and very eager to put your pets under the knife.  I took my dog in for a tummy ache, the next day he was dead!  DO NOT GO HERE!
The sushi was ok,but they have trouble cooking a steak properly.  First one was too wel done and second was too rare.  Service was ok.  Not sure I'd go back.  Mostly empty on a saturday night should have been a tip off.  The view is great!!!
The service was good but the food was well below average. My fish and chips were way too salty and my moms pasta looked like it was bought pre packed and served from the microwave. Disappointing.
The food was delicious; fresh and flavorful. And they clearly marked their gluten-free items on the menu, which always makes my restaurant experiences so much easier. I'll definitely be back. YUM!
Service was extremely slow and not very useful...never once asked if we wanted something to drink, just brought water out. Took a hour for a 9\" pizza that didn't even have all the correct toppings on it. Food was \"meh\".
Fontina burger is where it's at. The BBQ chicken salad is pretty tasty as well. It's a great family place but is also an easy and quick date night for young couples. My boyfriend and I have been here a couple of times together and it's always consistent and delicious!
This place is a shot in the dark sometimes. You can't blame an entire hospital for a few incompetent health care workers, but that being said, there are a few incompetent health care workers here. On the other side, there are some of the best nurses/MD/etc here.
My current favorite. I'll leave room for improvement. White pizza is phenom.
Mediocre Indian buffet. I really liked the Naan bread and the rice. There aren't many options for main course, it's a small buffet. I don't think I'll be going back.
We love this place. Hard to find a restaurant that my young boys like going to and enjoy the food. Wife and I are tired of Chili's.  The gelato is fantastic. The Italian Nachos are a must.  Wow! Something on the menu for everyone. Staff is very friendly and fun. \n\nStuffed!
The PA Courtney was nice, friendly and knowledgeable. I was pleased with my experience.
Finally authentic Sicilian food in Phoenix. Combine it with great service and it is a classic go to restaurant.  If you haven't been to Tomaso's what are you waiting for!
There are deals to be had here, but you have to act quick on them. The place is tucked in a corner of the Target Shopping center and it is very easy to miss if you are not looking for it. The people are usually friendly and attentive... what can I say? I go there for a deal not an experience.
Very cool atmosphere inside. The food (small bites and things to share) were really good. Especially the shrimp and grits. Really flavorful and delicious. \n\nThe place is overall quite loud, so just be prepared. But really liked it.
a whole in the wall bar, but thats why ppl like it. they have karoake nights which is fun and its very laid back, not usually is a big crowd. the bar stuff is nice and the chili is good. they have pool tables, dart, bean toss, and a couple arcade games. pretty cheap as well.
I played the Venetian Deep Stack poker tournament all month, and I ate at the Grand Lux nearly every day.  Every meal is awesome, I swear to god.  Portions are huge, prices are decent, service is friendly, what more can you ask for?  My favorites are probably the Santa Barbara chicken sandwich and the chicken parmigiana.
Ending afternoon in old Montreal, Vallier was a nice surprise. Window seat, good jazz, tasty cheese plate with excellent small French rolls. Relaxed clientele, all enjoying themselves. Casual, comfortable decor, a favorite spot.
Food is average at best.  Third time here and the peaks are the only attraction.  Way better than hooters.  Plenty of tv's to watch the games.  Great location.  Don't make a special trip for the food
The food was horrible!! Our waiter was friendly
Too expensive. Chinese food for 1/3 Rd of the price can be found within a mile on spring mountain road.\n\nAmbiance is nice and fancy. That is what you are paying for. Typical Chinese food. Nothing special.
The outside and the inside is clean and looks like a Caribbean cafe but the food doesn't taste like it.
do not deal with the salesman orlando. the other sales reps warned me about him. he is a liar and his sales commission goes towards his wifes drug addiction. we regret our decision to deal with that piece of shit
FYI it's $70 for a pedicure and $20 for a polish change.
Went here for a company dinner, ordered a ton of appetizers but was not really too keen on any of them. I do think it's cool how you can pick out your fish and have it prepared in many different ways and the restaurant itself is very nice inside however was just not crazy about the food especially for the price.
Not good.  Very soggy bread, over stuffed with your basic grocery store relish.  Had the chili dog and polish dog.  The meat itself was very chewy.  Way overpriced for the quality.  Not eating here again.
Guacamole was absolutely amazing; had the camaron quesadilla which was also fantastic.  Nice, mellow music on the back patio.  Check it out!
Word to the wise, order your burger well done here. You and your toilet will be thankful. \n\nP.S. Employees handling food should always wash their hands.\n\nThat's all I am going to say.
Yellow curry w/tofu is my favorite!
Grade: B\n\nI immediately felt comfortable here. Lots of places to sit, a game area for the kids and beer for the adults. Fantastic pizza, great prices, and good service. Give this place a try!
I was not impressed with the location.  I attended this location twice for business functions.  The food was nothing special and the service was slow.  In addition, the restaurant was either really cold or really hot.  Of the great places in Tempe, this would not be a return visit.
Tiny, tiny Starbucks.  Shares a building with a Courtyard Mariott (but is in it's own space).  Only 3 parking spaces that are always full.  Nowhere else to park anywhere nearby.  No wifi!
Service, food and libations are off-the-hook good.  This place rivals tapas restaurants in San Francisco and NYC.  Seriously. It's that good.
For a bus station, it's okay.  Maybe a little more clearness on where passengers are to exit and where people should come to pick you up is in order but otherwise, it's indoors & there are okay bathrooms (at least for the ladies).  No complaints here.
The food at this place is overrated. The service was phenomenal! The food quality simply don't warrant the prices. We had the 8 course tasting menu with the wine pairings and the food is average.
I enjoyed the Paris, but I find it to be quite overpriced.  I would easily give it 4 stars if it were less for the cost.  \n\nThe rooms were pretty standard, but the real star of Paris is the buffett.  The gaming floor is also large and easy to navigate.
I absolutely loved this place! My husband and I came here for my birthday and I have to say that everything about it was amazing! The ambiance was breathtaking and the service was simply great. And of course, the food was delicious! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for great food along with a modern atmosphere!
Great liquor distributor who really does their part. We went to the FIT Benefit and this company was beyond generous. They donated in a very big way and have done so much to support the Las Vegas community!!
This is probably one of the better sandwich shops around even though there is nothing special that really stands out. Parking can be difficult if its busy though that rarely happens when I have gone. The employees are very very friendly. The place is clean and food comes out quickly. \n\nThey recently posted a lent friendly menu which I found convenient.
I love meee some thriftyssss!:D
i've only eaten breakfast here. the service is great.
Totally and completely average. At least it was hot and prepared quickly.
horribly disappointing\nour food arrived an hour after we ordered. It was cold. it did not resemble any \"authentic mexican food\" 8 have ever had. We will not return.
It features southern classics with a twist.  They serve LARGE portions here so plan on taking home what you can't finish. I had the Chicken and Waffles here and was unable to finish it all.
This place has seriously good pizza, awesome atmosphere and great customer service. Thoroughly impressed for a gourmet fast pizza experience. Also, balsamic. Fig. Glaze...sooooooo good! :)
Its my wifes favorite place and i think its pretty good to. This is a new location in queen creek its great. Its great that there is finally a decent restaurant in Queen Creek. So far the two times my family and I have been here we get a seat right away but I will keep that secret to myself.
Loved it here, server was awesome, food was awesome .
As a NY'er...I can tell you this pizza isn't THAT good...and it's inconsistent. I like Ray's far better.
Was just dropped off at Bellagio.  Realized left phone In car.  Called the company and driver says it's not in there.  Called within 5 minutes of being dropped off. Will update this post if it is found otherwise I am skeptical that it still isn't in the car\n  Sentimental pics on phone too
I made an application here to get my passport. It was over a month wait and when I went in for my appointment they told me all appointments had been canceled.  It's a huge pain getting together everything you need for a passport they could at least give you a phone call.
Our waiter was very helpful. Food was good, nothing special but satisfying. Everyone loved the mini desserts.
Tastes similar to the original without the wait. The hot dog was too much for me to handle. Just too big. But a good option on the strip for cheap fast food.
Rude!! We didn't even eat here or sit down because the hostess yesterday was so rude! Get new staff or they will bring your entire company down.
I like the seating arrangement here more than at the MGM for a UFC fight.
Food was o.k.  We went here at 130pm so food wasn't as fresh as we wanted ( as they serve dim sum up until 3pm.)  \n\nTemperture of food could have been hotter, but the flavor was there.  Not the best ,but not the worst, just ok.
My sons and I eat here about 3 times a month.  Love the food and love the consistency. The assortment of fun drinks to choose from and the service make it special as well. We are amazed at the quick service. I have tried allot of items on the menu and agree with what the other reviewers said about their choices.
I love Mediterranean food, and this is some of the best I've had in Las Vegas.  Prices are reasonable.  I had the lamb kebab.  It came with Basmati rice, a Greek salad, and grilled tomatoes and onions.  I also had rice pudding for dessert.  Wow!
Owner shows up late and place couldn't open for lunch, just lost a sushi fan due to lack of business ownership!
So they were out of brown rice today. There are signs all over the store that say \"we now have brown rice\" and when I go to order it there is none. The cook was laughing when he said it would be 30 minutes until it was ready. Bad customer service.
Excellent Mexican food, clean and decent prices for the amount of food.  Will definitely be returning.
These guys were awesome. Cleaned my RV after attending Burning Man for a fraction of the time and cost of other places.
One of my favorite things about the Vegas hotels is the detailed themed decor. Sadly Treasure Island lacks that. On the outside you'll see some pirate-esque structures and props but once inside, all is lost and it's just your usual casino.
Very solid tasty burgers! In a nice hotel area too (planet hollywood, elara)
DB South LV staff's are  helpful and good place to shop. Just shopped recently, the items I got were tremendously less expensive than going to a regular stores.  But there were items that i liked and they were  discontinued, that's a bummer.  Will be shopping more coz I can save money and get better quality.
Not worth all the hype. Good customer service, but selection is minimal and just ok tasting. ..nothing to write home about.
Love the food, but either \na) they don't do take-out...which this site and theirs says they do or \nb) they never answer the phones (I've tried multiple times without success)
Just a wonderful experience! \nThe stuff were just so friendly and nice. The store was just so lovely and organize, blown away how Smith's change my experience on how it is to go to the store.
Pretty chill atmosphere. Service was good. Beer selection is good. Lots of fun games to play and have a good time. Other than one creepster that wouldn't leave our table alone it was a pretty awesome experience.
Trip three thry burned the carne asada tacos. Andbthey triedbto tell me they make it charred. I know I like it charred. but who likes burned food. now I expect to get it rare
If you're looking for a clean, cheap hotel room on the Strip then Excalibur is a good choice - but there's nothing glitzy or glamorous about the hotel. Again, just clean and cheap. \n\nIf you want a luxury Vegas vacation then this is definitely not the hotel for you.
This is an alright little spot. It's a wide open lounge area and definitely on the small side. But the cover bands / singers aren't too shabby and the waitresses are quick to take your order and bring your drinks. All in all, not a bad spot to hang out for a bit.
Do not shop here. If you want to make a return you will only get store credit even if you have a receipt. Ridiculous!!!  I guess it is the only way they can keep their sales up.
My new favorite restaurant in AZ. This is the kind of place I have been looking for since I moved here. Real authentic Italian food finally!
Great Rock n Roll radio station.  I've been listening to this station for years.  It's one of the few that hasn't changed formats and has always played Rock.  They have awesome giveaways for concerts and host pretty cool events throughout the year.  I like consistency and this station has it.
Good food for the money, not great but good. Price is cheap, food tastes good but I would stay away from anything with ground beef (seems greasy).
I have been coming to this place for the past year and the Pho has been ok. Broth is good! I might try something else next time im here(maybe not) as i only come every couple of weeks and that would be for my Pho Phix.
Visiting from out of state....average mani/pedi.  Nice clean shop, friendly technicians; way overpriced!.
Unfortunately I have to agree with the previous reviewer.  The Doctor was great but dealing with the front desk staff is so difficult I left and went to another practice.  They give phone messages, return phone calls, spell your name right on documents so your prescriptions aren't right... 3 strikes and you're out!  Bummer.
Quaint little breakfast nook . I ordered an omelette, and my aunt ordered the same. Very large portions for the price, and the eggs were perfectly fluffy. Staff is friendly, and food comes out quickly.
Great food and great service.  I've never had a bad meal!
Nice place; here for a baseball tourney with my son and wife, and they take care of everything. Boys comfortable, good part of town. Couldn't ask for more - good value.
I love my new sunscreens. They really seem to help keep the heat out and they look a lot better than I thought they would. I bought the black ones that keep out 80% of UV rays. Great service too! I highly recommend First Impression.
I tried this place for a late lunch today and all I can say it was very bland. The staff was great but the food....well not so much.
We had dinner there today. Very poor service. They didn't answer when we pushed the order button. The drive through was out of order. I went into the kitchen to make an order. We probably won't be back. So sad cause we like Sonic.
Groceries who needs em.....
Fantastic experience. Highly recommended! The staff were very kind and helpful. By far the best Yellowtail I've had in Phoenix. Will definitely return.
Old fashioned place. Somehow it's an interesting combination of a bar and a coffee shop. Has coffee, tea and alcohol as well as breakfast and dinner plates. It's a cool place to stop by if you're going for a walk in the neighbourhood.
Loved this place. Service exceeded expectations, food was delivered quick and hot with just the taste and flavor I was looking for.. Thank you!
My mom and I took our '80s gold jewerly in for cash and were very happy with the experience.  They gave us a fair amount for the gold and were very nice to us.  I trust them so much I later brought a heirloom ring in to be re-sized.
Walnut shrimp was good. Sesame chicken was over-fried orange chicken with sesame seeds sprinkled over them. Noodles were too dry with not enough gravy & too salty. Don't recommend eating there.
Where to begin...? Everything here is amazing, and anything you order off the menu is perfect. The bar services is very nice. Desserts are delightful. Quick as well. Wait staff does not bother. Always there for special occasions.
Shotgun Betty's now has a full service kitchen!  Went with the girls yesterday for happy hour and was glad to try their new menu.  Can you say jalapeno cheese curds???  Friendly staff, easy parking right out front, relaxed place, good music and I loved the patio.  I will be back for sure!
If you are a knowledgeable but casual player Run away from this place.Collusion abounds in almost every level I have played there.It is very clickie and they take care of their own ! Bellagio room a much better place to play.
Poor service ask for water 3 times and never got it.they charge extra for ranch dressing 60 cents so be careful. had 3 different types of wings Ultra one in one basket and could not tell which was which. they need a lot more staff training , would not return for at least 6 months.
The lobster tacos were good stay away from the BBQ potato salad breakfast good stay away from the biscuits and gravy love the papa bear sauce disappointed they were out of stock to buy service great I will be back I really feel they can be a five star experience and its cheap
Omg gross!
Delicious. I had the see yew with chicken. Cash only so be aware of that but for only $9 it was definitely worth the wait and the hype!
When you see an almost empty restuarant at 7 pm on a Sarurday night in the busiest retail location in metro Phoenix, it should be a hint about something. Unfortunately we forgot about that and chose it anyway. \n\nVery poor food with amateur level service. They can not survive for long this way.
Take that you poop stain.  You cant swear here!
Went for Sunday brunch. Edible items include bacon and funnel cake strips. Everything else appeared to have been purchased frozen from Sam's club.
Way overpriced for a casino coffeeshop. Value is simply not there. Servers are very pleasant and efficient. But with all the choices in Las Vegas, there should never be a reason why someone sould pay $30-$40 dollars for two people to have breakfast.
I think not.\n\nI am a huge fan of NF's, but this was just not up to par. $15.00 got me a really skinny hotdog with bacon and cheese, greasy and mushy fries and a flat diet coke. I was pretty drunk and it was still bad.
I will give this place 5 stars all daylong. Try the veal chop or anything on the table d'hote and you won't be disappointed
Great food, service and vegan options. Love this place!!!
Horrible. The place reeks of smoke. The management at check-in and out do not care about their customers. They were rude and degrading to the point of being insulting. Resort fee is hidden and not worth it.
Filthy store with cockroaches crawling around. Too many macaws and too few cages. Where do they eat and sleep? On a large ring hanging from the ceiling. These other reviewers must be blind!!
Still in love.  That is all.
I had the pleasure of having the grilled bread pudding for breakfast recently. It was so rich and delicious!\n\nLiberty Market has a wonderful feel to it - very inviting and relaxing. The bathrooms are completely adorable with each stall having its own theme.
Superior ingredients, great sandwich choices on excellent breads, friendly service, reasonable prices, cash or credit or debit and terrific pickles.  \n\nWhat more can one ask for?
One of my favorite chinese/taiwanese restaurants around pittsburgh.  It has the best bubble tea, and the chunk chicken is equally amazing.  However, the food is somewhat expensive for a chinese restaurant.
Many choices from Housewares to all types of women's clothing.  They also have a great Christmas section with Department 56 and other collectibles.  Layout is easy to follow with two stories and most brands you can think of.  Good place to shop.
I am addicted to Bosa!!!! Best donuts and breakfast in the area, hands down.  Reasonably priced, the food is delicious, and the staff are awesome.  Get the glazed old fashion donuts, at least a dozen.
Best wings in the WORLD! Twice baked Cajun wings. Cold beer and friendly people. The Italian food is good also.
13.99 prime rib.  Not crowded Saturday at 8pm.  Desserts were ok.  It's a buffet, great if you have kids, not so great if you are into quality over quantity.  It was clean, the cashier was rude, but the busboy was great.  Will eat somewhere else next time.
A very tasty and tender 8 oz sirloin  lightly seasoned and off the hook in house mac and cheese! Go early here as the retirement community consumes much of the seating. Crazy cheap too. Service is great as are the drink prices
Lifesavers!  Perfect repair to a shattered screen done quickly and way cheaper than a new phone!
We rent from 2 budget locations several times a month. We always prepay and book on line. Because to know what u prepaid these guys always try to tack on fees for insurance you did not select. The only reason we still go here is they have best prices. Be sure to double check your bill before you walk away.
The Stagebenders were hilarious, but the rest of the show was terrible. The host kept checking his watch in the middle of his \"jokes\" and the opener was terrible. The show was super short, too. Thank goodness we got 2 for 1 tickets!
Good coffee, good service, but terrible Wi-Fi! I came here to get a little work done and it was impossible due to the ridiculously slow speed of their Internet here. I will definitely find another place to grab a cup of coffee and work next time I'm in the area.
my goodness. this place was terrible. students talk about it as a good dessert place, but it was SO RICH and SO NASTY. you might as well fold some sugar into a stick of butter and chew/drink/eat it. nasty.
The best ice cream ever
Had Great expectations but that soon changed after the greeting from the hostess and our waitress. Bad experience overall. No, I will not be returning to Baby Cakes. Plenty of restaurants in \"the neighborhood\" who know the value of a customer.
Having lived in Korea, and being married to a Korean, I have gained an appreciation for good Korean food. This is not it. It's okay, and there aren't many options around for Korean cuisine, but I've definitely had better. Still, this is where we go when my wife needs her fix.
The worst. Id rather go to Vegas and spend the entire time vomiting in my hotel room than deal with these people.
Still on shuttle!  Waited over 30 minutes to even get started. Driver acts like he doesn't care.  Won't use again.  Take a cab instead!
We stopped at Moe's today for lunch.  My wife had the pulled pork sandwich with sides of sweet potato casserole and Cole slaw and I had a shrimp sandwich with sides of mac 'n cheese and black eyed pea salad.  Our meals were both good.  Service was very good.
Out of 5:\n2.5 - Croissants: fluffy, though a bit dry\n1.0 - Brioche: dry\n1.5 - Almond Croissant: filling has an odd flavor, but was fluffier than other places.
Super nice people!! As for the food, it's disgusting. In my opinion, you should only eat here if you have low standards and or are living paycheck to paycheck.
Happy hour menu has changed for the worse. All good things must come to an end although still a decent happy hour.
Fairly priced, delicious ribs, generous portions, fun atmosphere, good service, great beer, yummy sides--What's not to like???
Any type of fresh bagel and bagel sandwich you can think of. They are always fresh and use only boars head meats and cheeses. New York style deli that is simply delicious.
If you are looking for a suburban-like, strip mall, sushi restaurant with  New Kids On The Block playing on the radio, Sapporo is the place for you. \n\nUnfortunately, it is not the place for me.
Long lineup but amazing poutine! The taco poutine was excellent and the serving size monstrous. Worth the wait and taxi ride there, definitely a highlight of Montreal for me.
The service was good, but the food not.  You pay for the view.  Go to SF for a real restaurant
This place is like Japanese food for white people. The food is terrible and expensive. Very bad service. Took reminding 4 times to get some ice water.
Best burgers ever!! Everything was so tasty. The service was outstanding shiranda I think thats how you spell her name was such a good server she was very attentive and made sure everything was perfect.   I would recommend this place if you're ever in Vegas. ..some things shouldn't stay in Vegas!
Friendly staff. Great quality items at a steal!
Excellent stop for lunch.  My office is on Pilot so it's very convenient.  Everything is about $10 here.  I love the French Dip but I've also tried other sandwiches that were very tasty.  The only sandwich I would stay away from is the Chicken Parm.  Not as good as I though it would be.
Pretty good food, great ice cream but way too expensive, The New York location is so much better. But after all Vegas does not compare to New York.
Food was okay.. Some flavor combinations didn't work together. Also menu is obscure other than the pizza and pastas so make sure your an adventurous eater
Food was good but service was just ok. it took about 15 minutes just to get our drink order and the waitress only checked on us once after we got our food. the Caribbean mojito was amazing!!
skirt steak is amazing have to try slightly spicy but great flavor. Brussel sprout salad has to right combo of sweet and sour. Topped off with cherry bread pudding 5 star for just that.
Sets the bar for bad service. Drinks forgotten and then wrong ones hastily delivered. Barista busy swatting flies and doesn't wash hands before going back to the espresso machine. More lost points for playing generic euro synth dance music. A bummer because try stock really good coffees and seem very popular.
The food is not good. But it's cheap. Hooray for that.\n\nBoba there isn't that great either. Nonetheless a lot of FOBs come here because when you walk in, it smells a bit like the Motherland. Even though it is a Taiwanese place hah.
Are you kidding me?? frozen bagels. I  rather go to the grocery store and pay way less for a frozen bagel. I am a fool thinking this place serves frozen food
A big college football Saturday and they had 2 bartenders. Horrible service, okay food, and they change the channels to anyone's whim. Meaning, if a top 25 team is playing and two nothing teams are playing there is no rhyme or reason to changing the channel. Won't be back.
Great Atmosphere and lots of nice scenery
Grilled tofu sandwich was pretty good. Quiant little cafe with a lot of vegetarian options. :)
Classic traditional old man pub, I really don't know what else to say apart from that.
Worst quesodilla i have ever had.  It was more lettuce and beans than actual cheese which I'm pretty sure is not how a quesodilla is normally made.
Usually our 3rd choice.  Isn't bad, we simply have so many other good options in the area.  Would easily get another star if they could get a bit inspired w the snack and drink options.
do not stay here!!! worse hotel ever. yet service was horrible. this place is a dump. nothing luxury at all and definitely not kid friendly. smells horrible as well. again, do not stay here
Always a nice place to have dinner and walk around while I am in the area. Many stores, bars, and restaurants to choose from
don't like, i ask for spicy not a jar of red chili pepper.  one person wating on 20 tables. you think about how quick you get serve.
1st time at this place and it will be my last. The service was terrible. The food was mixed up and the cashier was handling our food without gloves. Unbelievable!
Took longer to rent my car than fly here.  Absolutely ridiculous.  I was told it would be a 30 min wait and it's been three times that- still waiting... All the chairs in their lobby are full of angry customers.
Waited 10 minutes out on the patio (we brought Max, our mini-Schnauzer, along to go to dinner. Nobody showed up )-: We left and decided to try The Hungry Monk instead!
Worth it...too but I couldnt eat much due to a hangover :)
Mmmmmm! I love their breakfast burrito! Although I cannot finish it because of it's mammoth size I will return again and again. Don't forget to order some Gac+Chips! THE BEST!
The food is fresh and tasty. Service is friendly. The shop is a little bit small but quite clean. This is the Christmas night, we did not wait for a seat. Will try again.
love pats pizza me and my bf crave it almost every weekend they have a good deal for a large pizza and wings for 22.00 what a deal and the slices are huge wings are tasty and have a really good blue cheese dip mmmmm
I have never met or talked to a ruder group of people!
Open 24 hours.  Problem with it, you have to walk through the smoking to get to the non smoking area and it isn't separated very well.  Food is just ok, ok quantity and the staff seems tired and crankie and overworked.  Located on the first floor towards the pool.
Cheap, filling, and way better then the Strip's offerings\n\nPick up a small dish here and grab some poki next door and you have a jammin lunch.\n\nIt's simple people you grab the pad thai and get the tuna\n(And then the Batman! =)
Korean omelette was delicious! Ribeye, mushrooms, eggs.  Menu is very unique and I will be back to try more. Try the candied bacon.
great NY deli. Get the corned beef.. yummm
I've been going to Sushi in Summerlin for almost 11 years.  I'm there once a week and they know me by name and what I like.  The sushi is fresh and they are always testing new rolls.  I prefer Sushi in Summerlin to Sushi Mon and Yama Sushi.
I like their smoothies but their wraps and sandwiches are always inconsistent and pretty pathetic. Portion sizes and ingredients change time to time. For the price you pay for the sandwiches and wraps, totally not worth it. I'll just go there for smoothies if I guess...
First time I ate here, it was 5 stars.  Second time it was 3 stars since the carne asade in my tacos was overcooked .  So I am giving it 4 stars overall.  The rice and beans are excellent and for the money, this place is tough to beat for some quick tacos in a sit in setting.
The fried rice is excellent here, but not much else. The lady that served us (owner?) was unpleasant, and was fairly rude when I asked about vegetarian options.\n\nWe won't be going back.
Boooooooo.  This Target does not seem to know how to \"cross train\" their employees.  This is now the 2nd time this month that their snack bar has been closed super early.
The most amazing customer service and bottomless mimosa and bloodymarys!!! MATT was our server AKA MGM ... Monique is AWSOME too. The owner was involved which says a lot !! Thank #sugarfactory for making our experience AMAZING!!
5 stars for oysters, 2 stars for my fried calamari. 3 stars for the surf and turf. Great service and good people watching.
Super yummy food, reasonable pricing and fun atmosphere. Big bar, tons of flat screens and a great happy hour- I will definitely be back!!
Came here for an early dinner at around 5 on a Monday.  Had the prime rib special...prime rib not flavorful at all, glazed carrots were not glazed, although you could taste the brown sugar.  Broccoli tasted old.  Decent prices though!
Very tasty and fresh kabobs made to order.  So far the best kabobs I have had in Vegas, just like back home.  Will definitely come back for more kabobs. This restaurant just opened 4 days ago. Service was great.
Very cool place.
Terrible service!  4:00pm 4 July.  Three other people at bar.  Took 10 min before someone came over to help us.  Ordered drinks and asked for menu.  15 min later, no one ever came back to get order!!  Would never go back!
Amazing empanadas that are nearly the size of a human head, a killer salsa bar, $1 taco Tuesday....what else do you need in a Latin street good place. I haven't even tried the burritos. Just go here.
Fantastic customer service :)\n\nI said vegetarian sandwich, and he automatically got new gloves and a new knife for me. Actually help me to the beginning to end.
This is probably the worst McDonald's I've been to.
The service is horrible. Do not go here for dinner, unless you have a lot of time. It took 2 hours just to get food. Once it gets there the food I good but you have to put up with the people
Das essen ist ja echt Super. Aber als ich nach einem kleinen Glas Wasser gefragt habe um Medizin zunehmen war das nicht m\u00f6glich, also bitte das ist echt frech.
NO STARS! This is the second review I have done here because I didn't take my own advise and never come back. This Jack in the Box went from 2 stars to 0. Just don't go here! Drive a mile north and go to the one on Happy Valley.
Stopped by half an hour before closing time by myself (not a big group or anything). Was turned away because supposedly the cook has left already.
a-ma-zing!
I didn't like the food. But view is breathtaking! Perfect place for first time visitors. Ask for a table next the window!
Eh. This place is \"fine\". I'm not terribly impressed with it. I could probably get better breakfast somewhere else. Plus its ALWAYS so so so busy in there. I like that they have a ton of vegetarian options. Which is rare for breakfast places. But meh. Its not amazing food.
Albeit a bit off the strip, this is the go to post-Vegas Pho destination. It's cheap, amazing, and a good hang-over meal before getting back on the road. There is also a Lee's next door for some Ice Coffee prior to driving back.
Best custom pizza ever, super friendly staff, very clean awesome place to goto for lunch or dinner.
Good salad bar. The rest of the menu is just OK. Rouben and the courier burger are among their best.
I would echo everything in Cindy L.'s review.  Imperial is a small market, but they offer an amazing variety and quality of foods.  The owners are sweet, friendly, helpful and just plain nice.  We are so very grateful for their presence here, and for how they serve our community.
An international hub airport with that regional airport feel.  Take from that what you will.
the tennis dept is much better than most sporting goods chains in the area. tennis staff actually play tennis and are well knowledgeable.
The best Mexican in Champaign hands down. Fast, great value, and a good spot to dine in as long as it's not peak hours (it gets cramped fast).
Typical Olive Garden.  Good food.  Poorly designed lobby with nowhere to wait for a table.
This place is everything I dreamed it would be. Decadence at it's finest. Do it, you know you want to stay there...
Thank you, Melissa for refunding ALL my money.
I enjoyed the tiki masala. The service was friendly. Not the most kid friendly, but we made it work. I liked the presentation of the food, but it seemed a little expensive for what you get.
Neat place. I was visiting Phoenix and stopped in for a movie and some drinks. This place very nicely accommodated both. Part bar part theater, this place is fun, hip, and comes highly recommended.
I decided to give the sister location a try after having a foul experience at the other one. But unfortunately it is no better. Where the hell are all these good reviews coming from???
The restaurants ambiance was really nice, the food was good but the prices are very high. I had the braised short ribs, the meat was really tender but I didn't care for the sauce and I thought the noodles were out of place. The most amazing thing was the brussel sprouts with bacon.
Good for breakfast the breakfast quesadilla and the breakfast crescent-wich was really good. and the orange juice is fresh squeezed yum.
Sometimes the third time is the charm but not this time. This time it is 3 strikes and    you're out.  I want so badly to like this place but the food is so bland and disappointing !!!  The service is good- great atmosphere. Please ,someone, show them how to add flavor to their food !!
My girlfriends and I had the lunch buffet during our stay in Vegas. There wasn't much visual appeal to the place and the buffet was  also mediocre. Not as great as I thought it would be. There's definitely better brunch options out here in Vegas!
Watch out for the windshield repair scam.  I may call the BBB on this.  They find ostensible cracks every time.  This is unethical.
Very poor service, very poor cocktails and they don't care.
Not a 3 or 4 star. This place needs some  real work and improvement from salads to steak menu if its claiming an Iron chef menu  ! You will not get a Bobby Flay experience here just descent food.
If I wasn't trying to cut back on carbs I'd be there more regularly but I love this place - everything on the menu is yummy. service is a bit rushed on a Friday night but that's to be expected in a good restaurant here in town. definitely recommend Humble Pie it's delish!
Great food and fun atmosphere! The loud Italian workers crack me up. The whole experience feels authentic. Reasonable prices too.
Fantastic food and great service at this 2nd location (original on 7th st). The $5 lunch special for 2 slices and a soda can not be beat! Special thanks to Nancy and Eric for their friendly and superb service!!!
Large iced mocha extra shot is all I ever get. Pricey, but tasty.\n\nWhen the weather's nice, it's great sitting out on the patio area. There's also a gas fire box & ceiling fans.\n\nFree WiFi is also nice.
You CANNOT get service during game days!  As much as I like this place and the camraderie, if I drive 20-25 minutes to get here from Henderson and can't get a freaking beer within 45 minutes it isn't worth it.  SAD FACE
This store is all right everyone is being nice to me when I came in but it's kinda messy when I ray some clothes inside the fitting room.
Inefficient and discourteous.  Waited over 45 min with no explanation.  Dislike medical offices that think their time is more valuable than their patients.
Bartender was our waiter, he was super friendly and makes great food suggestions! We had the clams, YUM! And the stuffed dates of course, also YUM! Sangria kinda blah, but the beer was cold and good selection.
This place is good. So much that I brought my relatives from Philly to give it a try. Their response, \"Its Very very Close\". Well, I'm not from Philly, but I know a good sandwich when I taste one. Very Good.
This is the first time we have used SuperShuttle. An excellent service and the price was cheaper than parking our car in the long term parking. Our drivers were friendly and great drivers. \nThis is always the way to get to and from the airport.\n\nThank you for your service.
Absolutely delicious!!! It's less of a wait with a small party but it's worth every minute! The service was good too. Get the chicken and waffles!!
These guys fixed my 50+ year old money clip that belonged to my great-grandpa and made it sturdier than ever! The price I paid was lower than the price I was quoted too. I will absolutely return here with my watch and jewelry repair needs.
I know McDonald's isn't haute cuisine, but the food here is crappy compared to other locations.
This was a lot of fun. The cast does a great job of drawing you right into the production...literally! A great way to lighten up an evening and enjoy a family friendly show that will have you singing at laughing. It is Worth going just to see the ending where Jack gets the girl!!!! Hilarious!!!
Good food.  Slow to get in even when there's plenty of seating available.  Very Spotty service. Now that they raised prices (most expensive buffet on strip that I've gone to), I won't return.  Back to Bellagio which is now cheaper.
I strongly recommend Jacqueline Hanna Photography. I found her very easy to work with, and I found her work to be excellent and reasonably priced. I needed only a few head shots for marketing/publicity purposes. She surprised me by suggesting that we shoot at an outdoor location. The various interesting backgrounds and natural lighting produced work that exceeded my expectations.
Waitress tried to tell me that the clearly transparent shrimp was cooked, and that it was bought pre-cooked... \n\nThe fish was good.  I had the cod.
What a great find in Vegas right across the way from the Hard Rock, the price is right, and the food is on point, I suggest the greek salad to all you salad love rs with the feta dressing, pasta rocks, pizza bomb.
It's an old stand by. They do have a pretty good burger. Not too crazy about their appetizers especially the queso with beef. Where was the beef? Service is usually good. Prices are moderate. Overall nothing to rave about, but nothing really wrong with it.
This is an absolutely stunning building. I highly recommend a visit and if you're a nerd like me, take the tour of the Nationality Rooms. There are some 20-something rooms outfitted in the style of one of the nationalities that helped to build the city of Pittsburgh. Be careful and check the tour times before you go.
Just seen the movie last Vegas very good movie I highly recommend this movie it is really funny probably excellent date movie so grab yourself a date and go have a good laugh it's a great pick me up before you go to Vegas that's why I'm going.
Delicious cupcakes! Right up there with the ones from Magnolia bakery in NYC. \nThe carrot one is moist and yummy. \nGot a mini one for my puppy and he loved it! Almost ate it whole in one bite!
So about a week or so ago I tried this Sub Shop. The people were very nice, although robotic in their welcome to Firehouse  Subs Yell. I liked the fact that you got a pickle with your sandwich. But the bread tasted like day old bread. This is not acceptable. It really wasnt worth the money.
I am updating my previous review to an A-OK based upon the following: Barleys Brewfest, staying in business while neighbors closed and their beer remains decent.  The signature brew is Red Rock Oktoberfest Lager.
This place is crackin' like an egg. Love the chile relleno omelet. So far this is my favorite breakfast spot in Vegas. Friendly staff. Quick & pleasant.\n\nWorth driving off the strip (Not too far). Opposite side of airport.
This is good for a subway.  The food is good and the employees can be very nice & patient.  Not all of the rolls are good @ subway.  Find what you like & stick with it.
The food was great and came out quick. Jarod was a great server and made the whole dinner amazing. Will come again next time we visit.
I wasn't impressed with the Greece cuisine really.  \n\nWould prefer other places, it wasn't what I expected.\n\nDon't want to share a negative feedback, But I won't be recommending it.
This place is the best. Americano is ridiculously good.
A great fusion concept, delicious food, and courteous service. We're looking forward to our return.
The room is nice. However, there is no refrigerator! Even a three-star hotel has one. I can't believe this so-called five star hotel doesn't have it! Will never come again!
Thanks DALE for the Satisfying service your the greatest hope to see you next time i visit :)
The most arrogant and pretentious staff of any Home Depot I have ever encountered. It is well worth going to Route by magnitudes of infinity.
Get the Kiss of Fire.
I am not from Charlotte but while in town I needed a haircut and beard trim.  These guys are very friendly and very good at what try do. Everyone was professional and it was a great experience and a great haircut.
I loved the molcajete! The margarita was really good as well, and it sneaks up on you.. i could barely make it to the car!
Clean shop, did fine for what I had done but I can't justify spending $30 for just a taper and lining. This place needs to get their pricing broken down better, astronomical prices for mediocre work. Also, no military discount... I doubt I'll give these guys a second chance.
TAO Nightclub is a freaking joke.\nTAO Beach, is insane. This is my go to day party in vegas. Just go.\nand dont get in the water, that stuff is grey and full of sex juices.
Friendly staff - too bad they put a hole in the dash of my daughters car and tried to tell me it was already there. Shame on you, an apology would have been accepted but now you are getting a bad review.
Horrible service! 10 minutes after we sat down we had to call a server over to ask for water and chips and salsa. 25 minutes later we asked the bartender if he could send our server back over and after watching her go to every open table rearranging the napkins we decided to leave.
Love this place. A little pricey but so worth it.. If you are craving crawfish in Las Vegas come here. Their seasoning is well balanced and the spices give you enough kick without overpowering the seafood. I recommend getting there early because there is almost always a wait.
I liked this show alot. It was great. There is something for guys and girls. Even big girls got love which is a surprise. BBWs walking around giving out strawberries was cool. My wife and I had a good time watching this show.
DELICIOUS!!!! truffle fries. yummy burgers and shakes.
Best tamale ever! We went here for brunch expecting the food to be amazing and it was (with the exception of the salmon dish). The variety of breads were nice. The Burger was juicy and the buns were made of sweet Hawaiian bread!! Its a long way from LA but we plan on coming back.
Tres Gringo's went to Dos Gringos.  Dive bar, almost college like.  The tacos were pretty good for the price.  The service here is hit or miss....the gals seemed distracted but they had a special event for a staff member that was injured so we just chalked it up to that.
Good Place,Delicious food,Fantastic Staff,Pretty Girls,Love this Place .\nThx you Tony :-)
Very sexy, entertaining.  We got discounted tickets while in town.  I don't think I would have paid full price.  I liked the small theater.  Gave it a very intimate feeling.
I heard great things about this place and opted to go last night on date night with my wife.  We made reservations through opentable.com and showed up...only to find it was CLOSED on a Thursday night!  WT...  I really wish someone would communicate that.  Fail!
My husband and I enjoy trying new restaurants especially non-chain ones.  We have been several times to La Bona Pasta and have had a great experience each time we've been.  The staff is friendly and the food is delicious.
Food is good for the price. The place is pretty big with lots of big family table. The lunch menu starts off at 5 dollars ! Very good service for Chinatown!!!! I ordered preserved vegetables with intestines and ma po tofu. Both very authentic! I always take my family here!
We really like the atmosphere here! My Hangover Hash was top notch but my wife's spicy tofu tacos were extremely bland and she didn't eat half of it. The service was top notch as well! FYI their fries are awesome!
The staff here is great! Derek is awesome and always remembers us! Good to feel welcomed at our local Smiths!
We have loved this place for years! I have never had a bad meal. I'm surprised at so many 1* reviews.
I feel like I can't entirely judge this place to the fullest. However, based on my first lunch here, I ordered the lunch \"special\"! 2 selected rolls for $9! Well turns out you get the lunch portion. On the plus side, the service and staff were nice and quick!
I had a dog, it was tasty. It's a pretty good choice for being in Vegas. Lots of seating, quick service!
Over priced candy why ohhhh because stars like kim k, mel b, brittney etc havent taken pictures eating this regular candy and suckers i can get from the .99 cent store lol the way the shop is set up is nice but it's nothing to go crazy over.
This place sucks. They are slow and illiterate. I work at Caesars and they are rude to employees and make us late to return from work. They are also more expensive than other TOURIST price Starbucks locations. You're better off going to the Mirage a short walk away for better service and prices.
The print shop is probably the worst run printer in office max lineup. Shoddy work that they regularly have to redo and they never call you when it's done like they say they will. Incompetence is the norm here.
Try the moo shu pork!!  It's great to watch the staff wrap each roll using chop sticks. Such skill. I have none!
A family member brought a sandwich from here and found a pubic hair in it. When she took it back and told them, they laughed at her. If I could shut this place down I would! Disgusting, immature staff.
I was pleasantly surprised, and will definitely be coming back. We sat outside for a late dinner, and the service and atmosphere were quite nice. \n\nI had the Choo-Chee Curry with Chicken and enjoyed it, and the Crab Rangoon in the Curry Away Trio is the best I've had.
This is a great whole in the wall place to eat at. Good food at a great price. The service is pretty good to. If you like burgers and hot dogs but don't wanna make them yourself or pay a lot of money.
Very inconsistent. Every time my family orders multiple steaks, they can never seem to get our temperatures correct. It is really unfortunate because we like the location and atmosphere. The ribs however are ALWAYS excellent.. but unfortunately this is a steak house and that is the one menu item they can't seem to perfect. :[
Plain, nothing special...\nIs in the centre of town...\nTeens favourite hangout...
Order the cucumber martini, even if you're not a gin fan. The flavor converted one of my friends!
worst coffe place ever hethe owner treats employees like hell does not comply to government standards he is a looser Bill since he lost Circle H bbq he still has not given me a w2 and ir affects my new business in Michigan however Bill does not care so he is getting audited  by the federal goverment
Went here because they had a sign that there was a brunch, turns out it's only Saturday and Sunday. The food was cafeteria like for $18 each. Good service from our waiter. You're killing me LVH with your restaurants, Benihanas was the only awesome restaurant. We are going elsewhere right now for dinner.
I had the brisket sandwich. It was good. I ordered a combo which was 10$. I paid for 3 people and it was 32$. The food is alright. You can go to Harris teeter and get a footling sub anyway you want for 5$. Never going to firehouse again.
Owners are cool and reasonable. Have good glass and always adding more things to the store. Have anything you need to stay up :)
Snooze is my new favorite breakfast place! Lots of healthy choices for every liking. Gluten free, dairy free, vegan. A little pricey, but the service and quality are awesome!
For happy hour it is worth a stop.
The Chip is my favorite place to be on a Friday night. \nBe prepared for an old style country bar! Dancing, bull riding, fire pits and BBQ!
I've been working with Daniel Chalk to find investment properties.  He's great!  Really hustles to find exactly what I want - even though my budget is only $50K-60K.  Highly recommended.
Are they still in business?  Went by for Saturday lunch and not a soul to be seen. Also, their hours on the door a completely different than on their website (we were there at 11:15am).
Ordered yellowtail carpaccio, buffalo roll and caliente roll. All were yummy and fresh. Great service too
Best hotel coffee shop i have been to in Vegas. Bar none the truffle oil tater totts rock !
Good but overpriced!!! $45 for a sashimi dish. But I guess it's vegas
They were solid. The po boy was good.
This is a great place to get your dog's groomed if you can get them in, the wait for an appointment is ridiculous. It's almost worth the extra price to get them in sooner. :(
Perhaps it was just the cakes I chose, (chose 3) but I was really disappointed. \nCupcake presentation is beautiful!! but man! the cakes were dry!  I've been to quite a few cupcake places and this place, granted the presentation was nice, the cupcakes were the worst.
I thought it was just okay. The Sangria was really yummy and the service was extraordinary.. that's about it..
If this were the only place in Vegas to get Italian Beef it would be ok. Meat was dry, even though I asked for wet. You should not have the option of cheese, and the \"HOT\" giardinera was not.   Won't go back. Windy City Dogs is much better.
food was okay. prices were crazy high though.
Great clothes! Love their merchandise, but sadly was not greeted or offered help once while I was in there. The workers stood at register and chatted..so I walked out.
Nice to find a dead fly on the bed after checking in! Nicely done.
Had the honey hot wings, it wasn't bad, just mediocre. My search for a mom and pop great hot wings. So far no one has come close to Buffalo Wild Wings, but they're a franchise :( anyone knows of great hot wings, please let me know?
Hot dogs Look delicious on the menu but the bread was so rubbery it felt like if I dropped it would bounce right back at me. Red salsa ok. Great concept, poorly executed.
$5 cover on mill is never fun.  This place isn't all that great and I'm surprised they are still around.  Staff isn't always that friendly and drinks aren't usually that great.  For some reason I do have a tendency to meet \"interesting\" people here so I guess it deserves at least 2 stars.
I don't drink alcohol, so I cannot comment on the \"wine\" part, but the food (salmon steak) was absolutely amazing. The service was prompt, and the atmosphere very relaxing. To top it all, the live music (one dude, playing Bill Withers on a guitar) really clicked for me.
As an asian, I feel like I should apologize on behalf of all asians for this craptastic place.
Extra star for the owner contacting me and offering me a compensation meal at his Tempe location. Girl at the counter was also fired according to Ed.
$114 for a dozen Valentines day roses with thorns still on and a balloon!! Enough said.
Loved this city.  Extremely bike friendly and the city is just absolutely beautiful.  Definitely one of the top cities I've ever visited.
Mediocre food.  Good service.  No need to return.
Stopped in here for an afternoon slice + a salad last weekend. The crust on the pizza was good, and the price was right. The service was great, too, as the guys behind the counter were quick + thorough, but remained polite.\n\nNo complaints, really.
This place is super yummy! The prices are reasonable and crew is very friendly. I will most definitely be returning to try the rest of the hot dogs styles on their large menu.
How can you have a world class butcher shop with dry aged beef downstairs, and not serve any dry aged meats on the menu!!!!!
No complaint here in this little hole in the wall joint! Even got good service here!
Had a great time at this hookah bar with a group of friends. Love the atmosphere and great flavors. I'd recommend checking it out!
The food here was OK- the service was OK, but the atmosphere was a little uncomfortable. I can't really put my finger on it, but we will try again.
If you want a pizza that's ready to pick up quickly this is not the place. Last 2 visits all I wanted was a pepperoni pizza and both times I was told a 15-20 minute wait. Hot and ready?????? Obviously not. Staff isn't the nicest either
best food ever in Vegas. You can waste 150USD in a average steakhouse or come 3 times here for delicious food.
We had to see boobs in Vegas, and while this was a more expensive option, it was entertaining. The performers were great and the hula-hoop school girl amazed me. Very talented people, of course, but left expecting a little something more.
Tried to enjoy night out with family and within ten minutes of sitting down, the dining room was turned into a football league sign up station with standing room only loud kids and parents.  Not a professional business!  Not what we has in mind.
Wendy's always delivers at a high level.  Their value menu is a little over priced but everything else is up to snuff.  Great for lunch on the go.
Please take my photos down. I requested this a few weeks ago and nothing has been done. U r using over 9 of my eyelash photos with my work. Thank you
Super friendly staff, and the drive thru is very  speedy ! They are always stocked with plenty of muffins and sandwiches !
Everything is just okay--no great shakes.  the worst overwhelming smell of tobacco ever!!  the apathy and lack of customer service ethic of the front desk staff--never saw concierge on duty--contribute to my unwillingness to rate this higher than a 2.
Not knowing it was the Buffet Saturday, we were satisfied with it. Had we realized we would have waited to another day; we never eat enough to make a buffet a deal. We will go back as I am still wanting Jaeger Schnitzel...
Crispy fish is soggy but the drunken noodle is good. The Tom yum came out not cooked.. The worse of all is the bathroom. It is so grossed! Worse than Walmart. For this I am not coming back
we went here for a bachlorette night out. I loved it! The music was good and the crowd was lively. The dancers were hot!!!
This is another place I've seen on Triple D on FoodTV.  The breakfast definitely lives up to it's name - Big Breakfast.  The portions are pretty hearty.  The only downside to this place is it's really, really small and the wait can be very, very long.
Service was terribly slow, we waited at least ten minutes before asked what we wanted to drink, then asked for two teas and were brought one. Food was over cooked and chewy. I ordered the sweet and sour pork, which was subpar, my boyfriend got the beef fried rice which was not the best but okay.
I agree, quite likely the worst Subway on the planet. The employees do not care 1% about you, or your order. I'd rather have a sandwich from the dining hall in all seriousness. Don't waste your time, even if you crave Subway - because this location will make sure you never crave it again.
Excellent food, friendly staff, great beer selection. I haven't had anything on the menu that I didn't love.  By far my favorite place to eat and grab a drink in the Charlotte area.
Always great food and great service. The Prickly Pear sandwich is a classic. I recommend the chicken wings and pizza. The restaurant has a cozy feel and it's great to patronize a locally owned establishment.
Awesome, Awesome, Awesome bar!!!  Super chill, low key bar for real beer lovers.  I wish I lived closer to this place.  24 rotating tabs of legit beers.  First time I've found a sour on tap in AZ.  If you like craft beer this is a place for you.
Food is not seasoned, service is awful, a hair was served with my rice. Will never go back. Save yourself the frustration and stomachache.
MY SECOND FAVORITE CLUB IN VEGAS (rain being #1)\n\ntwo words: the poles.
Never again from.nor do I reccomend Monarch apartments on Coolidge street...or any M.E.B property ....
Here is my blog on my experience with them. http://coulterinfinitiaz.blogspot.com/?m=1
If you want a great, big sandwich, this is the place to go! They are friendly, fast and the food is amazing! I recommend the slaw-b-joe and the capastrami.
One by one the larger chain pet stores have dropped my cats dry food (Avoderm) and it was becoming hard to find locally. \nThen I noticed Pet Club and thought I would ask. Sure enough they stock it and always seem to have it in stock when needed. \nA friendly, helpful store.
A great selection of drinks to choose from. Sadly the lacklustre and disinterested staff let it all down.  Shopping here should be exciting and adventurous no matter the level of your drinks knowledge.   You can excuse a bad 'one off' experience, unfortunately there is a pattern. Please remember your customers.
The chef is Dustin Valette. He used to work at Aqua in S.F., which is one of the best restaurants in S.F. I'll finish later...
Worst tempura ever!  Under cooked and way too much batter.\nThe slider tasted funny and now my tummy feels funny....
Yuuum!! Delicious Mexican food. The salsas are super good, the service is friendly, and it is very close to where I work. Plus reasonably priced. Love it! This is my new spot.
I was pleasantly surprised by the great attention to detail that this store makes to ensure that girls have a wonderful experience. From the hospital to the hair salon my daughter enjoyed every part of it. Of course, this will only be a once a year visit but one that will create great Mommy-n-Me memories!
Seriously?!?  You really don't want me to spend my money here... Ok...  the most od aweful service I have ever received in a retail store in my life.   They literally turned a few hundred dollars worth of sales I was about to make out the door.  I will NEVER go back here again.
A must see.  This awesome (in the literal sense) basilica was a highlight of our trip.  Take the tour that is included with the $5 admission.  You'll learn some interesting tidbits, and hopefully you'll get our guide, who was sweet and had a good sense of humour.  Very knowledgeable too!
Nothing exciting. Tasteless guacamole. Would have expected more flavour in a Mexican restaurant.
We ordered the eight course meal. It was really good. Fun to try something different. This place did not disappoint.
I come to Phoenix on business and I make this my morning breakfast stop.  The oat smoothie always taste great and fresh.  This place can be a little pricey however.
Amazing Work!\n\nSure it's a sketchy neighborhood but the service is quick, reliable and modestly priced. I haven't tried thier tailoring but if it's anything like thier dry cleaning then I'm sure it'll be great. \n\nDefinite A+
Friendly staff. They accept walk ins. Informative staff. Will answer all your questions.
AnnMarie has been consistently courteous whenever we need fingerprinting for our state licenses and security clearances. As always, she was prompt in coming to our officeand made the process very simple... Did I mention that she came to us?... Awesome!
Its one of the larger more traditional big city type malls in Vegas. Lots of department stores and tons of stores. Nothing too fantastic but it is worth checking out if you are looking for the normal shopping in Vegas.
Could not find out what was wrong with me. Bad bedside etiquette. Never found out what was wrong with me after 20 visits, always felt rushed and that he had better things to do.
Your typical Wendy's. The servers here are friendly and the restaurant is clean. My burger came perfectly assembled! Staff was a bit flustered behind the counter but I did get my meal in minutes as promised. And with a smile too :-) Awesome!
Our experience was not good. The wings are large in size, but they are drenched in (hot) sauce that's not so great and the garlic parmesan, talk about greasy... it pooled at the bottom of the wax paper. We tried a dry rub and it was no better.
I think their food is decent and appropriately priced. As in, their food is not cheap, but not crappy either. I never had a problem with service or the food.
Nice decor, decent service, crappy arcade games. I can't really figure out what this bar is trying to be but it isn't fun or cool. I guess it's cheap, so that's a plus.
I had the carnitas quesadilla and could not believe how small it was. The carnitas didn't have much flavor either.  \n\nThe bartenders also didn't know how to make a couple simple shots we requested so we ended up with a jager and cranberry concoction.
Great at remember that I had just been there the prior day and know what I wanted.  Lovely service
I never have anything to complain about with breakfast here! The good eggs benedict is always yummy and quick to order. They even have a 10% off club if you sign up via text at your table.
Feels like my home away from home.  They always make me feel welcomed at the bar... Thanks Keith, Jarrod and Christine :) shout out to Bailey and Andrew\n\nYou must try the edammame (sp?) and the poke!!
love this place our server was joe he was so funny my sister enjoyed her birthday first time visit
I have come here with my husband multiple times for lunch and it is always good. The staff is friendly and food is made quickly and is always delicious! They give a 10% off Red Ventures discount if you work there!
This is a an example of where I had such a bad experience that I can't imagine ever going in the front door of a place ever again.  I went back to see how many years it's been since I had been in there.  After this amount of time you'd think I would have but such is not the case.
Ashlee and her staff are amazing. They care more about the coverage and service that you get and less about just selling you a policy. They will be my first point of contact from now on for all of my personal and business insurance needs.
We  have used their wash and fold service for several years. The owners always do an excellent job and carefully fold each item.  Prices are more than reasonable.  Unfortunately, the couple who owned this laundromat have sold the business. Hopefully the new owners will be as caring as the old.
Wonderful & quick service. They repaired my tire from a nail hole, we will definitely use them when we purchase tires in the next couple of months. same day service & friendly staff
Sprouts in Summerlin is a brand new store that just opened July 30, 2014. It's well stocked, clean, friendly, and they have good selections. They carry lots of organic foods and products, but they're cheaper than Whole Foods. Saving money is always nice!
This place really sucks. Wish it would get out of Lawrenceville. No character, terrible food, and rude servers. Belongs in Station Square with the drunk suckers.
I had a salmon crepe here & it was delicious - broke me out of the habit of mostly eating dessert crepes. The only downside is that they only take cash... but there is an ATM just down the street. This is a great place to meet up with an old friend or acquaintance.
Fabulous stay. Our room was awesome.   Everything was perfect. Toni our Bellman was fabulous.
Avoid.
Great little theater in montreal...not only do they show some pretty cool movies, but it's way cheaper than the standard theaters..\n\nalso, note the Metro grocery store right next door, great place to stock up before the movie :)
Another good Sam Fox restaurant.  I think the vibe is cool here, food is good, and service is great.  It's not necessarily a place i crave, but it's consistently good.  Good job on the uniforms!\n\nFood: 3\nService: 5\nAmbiance: 4
Pho was very good!! I had Rare Beef. Prices were the same as other places in Charlotte. I would come here again.
I love this place. I have been here well over 20 times and it never gets old
Over rated  :((((
It's convenient if you're staying at Gold Coast Hotel....they have cheap & good dimsum in there!  \n\nThe only downside...service is slow if you're gonna order from the menu or waiting for your check...server takes a while before you can get there attention.
After reading reviews we thought we would give it a try and it was horrible. The bussers were more attentive than the server , asked her several times for a  side of chili never received anything. The worst I have had here in Phoenix.
Good croissant sandwich, cute place. Great service, nice people.
Great pools and decent bar. Hours are a bit of a bummer as the pool is only open until 6pm.
I love the cinnamon pretzels never had a bad experience at this place. I happen to like the extra amount of butter and cinnamon they put on the pretzels.
Although the staff was very pleasant, my gel manicure went a few days before one nail was split.  The rest lasted 8 to 12 days.  My coworker got her nails done at a different salon over the same time period and hers were immaculate at 12 days.  Will not be returning.
Pretty damn delicious!
Ice cold beer served in a mason jar. Saddles for bar stools. Friendly staff. Havent eaten there but the food looked good, like bar food. Love it.
Great atmosphere.  Pretty good food for so sports bar.   Great place to have a beer with friends, and even family friendly as well.
This store smells horrible. I immediately walked out.
We ordered the Bulgogi nachos, calamari taco, and Mongolian beef. All delish! Very friendly staff. We will be back.
It was clean and we had a new room, it was cool.
By far my fav nail salon in NV! Looking for clean, detail and fun! Take time to stop by and ask for Kevin*
This place is sweet! Like the old Wild West! I bought a napkin holder made of real horse shoes. Little shops and places to eat make this a great stop off. Glad we stopped!
Not too long of a wait.  Super cute little renovated bungalow downtown.  Pizza crust was thin and chewy.  We got the white pizza with mushrooms, prosciutto, and truffle oil and the salami pizza with spicy marinara and both were very good.
Good food. Good service. Loud people. It was Sunday Night football in the bar area. The restaurant was not that busy and our waitress mostly stayed at the table next to us talking with another customer.
Pretty good service, friendly staff, not all that comfortable and the sauce is very acidic and a weird texture to it.  Just not what I thought it would be, tried it a second time and decided it was not for me.
