Best place for pho.we are regulars here! We like tocome very late at night after work. They are very friendly, have great prices, and delicious food.
This place is beautifully decorated. My daughter loved having her bday party here. She loved getting a mani-pedi, facial, doing a fashion show and karaoke with her friends.  The staff was very friendly, attentive and professional. \nDefinitely the best place to have birthday parties!
Rating is for the breakfast. The American breakfast with toast, eggs, hash browns with a choice of bacon or sausage is sooo delicious. They make it fresh and usually it's a less than 10 minute wait time. Some day I may try one of the lunch/dinner options like the burgers and fries.
Excellent job!  Originally went to take a friend and was so impressed with that work that I had them do mine.  Will go back and refer friends.  Chris is friendly, professional and thorough. Car looks great!!!!
My family love  Leticia's! Whenever they come to visit this is on their list of \"must go to\" They usually request a 2nd & 3rd visit time allowing! The food is excellent, the staff are extremely friendly!
Now I want to preface my review with the fact that we are huge Arturo/Nancy fans. We came up from LA and we were not disappointed! The food,  prices and service is excellent!  It was a joy meeting and chatting with the store's propertor. I expect great things from this restaurant!
This is one of my favorite places to go for me time!  Enlighten never disappoints you and you will always feel like a million bucks when you leave!  My son refuses to get his hair cut anywhere else!  ;-)
This a great lunch spot over on the west side. They offer an incredible lunch combo between 1-5pm. I find myself eating here multiple times a week. I highly recommend this place.
A nice place to spend some time out of the heat and casino.  Where else can you see half a million dollar cars in one place?  Bring you dslr camera.  Trust me.  You'll want to take a picture of the$12000 Yugo.
The grilled cheese and sweet potato fries are to die for! Servers were too sweet and adorable in overalls! Definitely coming back :)
They are getting more Big flat screens?! Is that possible?? Just wanted to get a shout out about the amazing sound system and open concept of 360 degrees of football! $4 bloody Mary's yesterday - man, were they good with all the fixins! Love this classy place!
Took visitors on the Just Ducky tour.  Really nice experience.  I grew up in Pittsburgh and learned so much.  Tour guides are lots of fun!
Hands down best pizza I've ever had. I grew up with it and every time I moved around the city I will still drive out of my way to pick this up for dinner. It's all about the cheese mix and nice thick crust mmm their pizza bagels are another favorite of mine also
Love love love Hobby Lobby! That have tons of arts, crafts, home decor, fabric and basically anything else you would need to make your house feel like a home -- and it's WAY cheaper than Michael's or Joann's.
I've been coming here since March. I'm new to the whole eyelash extension but u have not looked back \nThanks for making me beautiful
My favorite Dentist office! Everyone is so genuine and nice and caring! I'm so glad my brother told me about this place! I wont go anywhere else!
Very clean, great food! Loved the order online option! Order online before I left the house and then picked it up through  the drive up window. Very fast that way, no wait!
Amazing dinner experience! We had dinner on Christmas night. Set menu that evening with choice of wine pairing. The meal was glorious... Especially the chestnut soup with scallops. Service was spot-on! We had a wonderful evening and can't wait to return!
WOW WOW WOW!!!! I am absolutely addicted to this spot!!! The Turkado Chavokey is my favorite in the morning!! If you haven't been here, GO NOW
Sadly this is the best burrito you can get in Pittsburgh (atleast in proximity to CMU).\nStandard Chipotle really.. everything gets tastier when its made in front of you.. thats what I think makes all Chipotle's so awesome.
The Thai tea was on point. Got the Filet mignon pho. So good. I usually go the the one up on lake mead but the gf lives down near this one. This store is a step up from the one on lake mead. No Smokey smell and everything was good.
This place is always delicious and very high quality. You get your money's worth with their large quantities. Delicious & friendly staff.
This place is awesome and it replaced Trader Joes as my new grocery store. The produce is plentiful and fresh, they have Boars Head at the deli, and they have organic options. The meat is way more reasonably priced than AJs. It reminds me of a small Whole Foods without the ridiculous prices.
Probably THE best taco restaurant in town. All of the food tastes so fresh and they have a variety of food options. I never have a terrible visit. The employees are diverse but super sweet and helpful. It's got a beachy taco shop feel. I love it. They have the best hot sauce.
The newest store with the nicest staff. Nothing but helpful and friendly people, great prices, selection and location. Alyssa made my returns and purchases a breeze. Welcome to the hood!
This office is great. From making an appointment to patient care.  I love that this office offers cosmetic services & has a medical aesthetician.
The BEST chicken and waffles EVER!!!! Portion and prices are AMAZING! This place is a MUST! in Vegas.
Great crew, course was in great shape, every lie was perfect. The greens were a lil bumpy, but thats just because lazy people don't fix theyre ball marks. Hot dog at the the turn was delish and delivered with a smile. I will come back soon!
My husband and I went for a quick treat on a Saturday night and it was delicious! The cake batter was our favorite flavor. The smallest size was the perfect amount! The atmosphere is charming too. We will definitely be returning! Thanks Golden Spoon!
Super modern hip looking hotel entirely. The hotel for young aged adults. I was surprised right when I entered the main casino entrance. The illuminated columns gave you the illusion that a lady was on the other side (inner of column). Room had a great night view.
This is an absolutely AWESOME place! I was here for the Ice Cream Festival this weekend. The park, gardens, and museum are beautiful and very educational. It definitely makes you feel as though you have left Vegas. There are also bike riding and hiking trails (with bikes available for rental). Staff are friendly and helpful too.
This was our second time here, both amazingly perfect experiences!  The sushi was amazzzzzzzzing!! Cocktails were fab, and we can't wait to go back!
Best smoke shop in Mesa AZ area that I've done business with so far! Hands down. Its not anything \"special\"; its best product, best (honest) customer service & consistently. I've covered smoke shops in areas from val vista & Southern, broadway & Lindsay to alma school & Guadalupe.
Everything on the menu sounds delicious. If the salads are any indication ... I want to try everything!!! Will definitely be back!
We LOVE this place! It's huge inside, has outdoor seating, and several registers open during their lunch rush. \nThe food is always consistent. The staff is always super friendly. And I always leave happy. No complaints here.
They have spicy but flavorful food. The northern style larb and seafood hot and sour soup are my favorites. I would suggest you make reservations because it is a 45 minute wait easily, and that's on a Tuesday night.
Awesome, awesome breakfast and very nice and professional staff! Heaps of great breakfast fruits and toasts and eggs. We invaded the place two mornings in a row with a large group of rowdy roller girls and they were super accomodating about it. Highly recommended!
another great time!!!\nLacey gave me purple hair and it's amazing, fabulous, stunning and oh so gorgous! I LOVE it when the sunlight is on my dark brown/ purple hair!\nTHANK YOU AGAIN!!!!!
Some of the best Thai food. Went to another pin kaow more expensive and lower quality. This place has much better quality and better price.
That was definitely not a waste of ton for money. The show was breathtaking, would definitely see it one more time. And I'm going to other Cirque du Solei's shows for sure
What a place. What a selection.  I love it.  \n\nThis place allows you to view hundreds of beers from around the world.  You can buy mixed six packs as well. \n\nThe food is great and service is just fine.
Sandy is the definition of what all Realtors should be.  She is a real person and her Fisk is to get you the results that you want!  If anyone is in the market for a realtor to buy or sell you definitely need to give Sandy Margolin a call.
This place is amazing.  I like to think of myself as somewhat of a foodie, and the ribs and sausage are world class.   The restaurant is clean/nice with great tvs.  I wish I found it sooner but glad its in the rotation now.  Thanks guys.
Best tacos I have had in Vegas! The number 8, 10 and 11 all yummy!  Mind you, not traditional necessarily, more fusion in nature. So good. And cheap!
Anything with the rosata sauce.  Literally,  ANYTHING with that sauce.  The worst decision I have to make is veal or chicken! \"Hey, bring me some more of that focaccia bread with my oil and balsamic would ya? I can't get enough!\"
This was a comfortable room when i did sleep in it.   No problems with check- in.  The refrigerator display was very tempting but not that tempting based on those prices.  \n\nThis room had a few bright colors which is very tasteful.  Television was nice and view ok
I came here because of location and opportunity to tey with groupon.  I was happy with my 60 min massage and will look into their membership program. Thanks Carron.
This was my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale when I went to ASU. Whenever I had a special occasion I would try to come here.\n\nThe food is great, and so is the ambiance. \n\nI never had anything bad here.. definitely recommended.
Cool place, great music/food. The entree & dessert pies are great, covered with delicious French pasty & full of culinary goodness. Maybe a few too many hipsters for my taste, but will still return all the same.
Went to Gaucho today for the first time and it was fantastic. The food, the service and the adorable atmosphere.  Note that it only has tables outside and just some stool bar seating inside.  I ordered the vegetable sandwich and the melted provolone toast.
amazing steakhouse at the top of the rio where there is a nightclub with a gorgeous view of the strip. \n\nGet the bone in Rib Eye (my favorite cut of steak and best thing there) and a side of mac and cheese. \n\nsteaks are about $60 but worth it
The atmosphere is wonderful...I mean, where else are you going to see beer brewing on an altar, and a bar in the confessionals? The perogies are awesome, and that's high praise from someone from the south who didn't even know what a perogie was till a few months ago.
I have been dining at Frasher's since it opened, everytime I do it is a great experience. Last night we had a table for my boss' bachelor party and as always George and his staff made it a memorable occasion. Food is amazing, service is always superior and they always make sure that a special occasion is not overlooked !
I absolutely love this place :) I'm an extremely picky eater and the staff here is always polite and accommodating. The waitresses are super friendly and gorgeous!
This is by far the best greek restaurant in town. I'm a vegetarian so I always get the spanakopita and greek salad.
I had the mushroom ravioli and it was simply divine.  Great place to grab a hearty lunch before taking the shops by storm!  The manager or owner (middle-aged Italian[?] gentleman) ensured we had remarkable service.  We will be back!
Best Mexican I've had in years.  Phrank was working the register and cleaning.  We chatted for a bit and seemed like a really nice guy.  I live close so going back soon.
James knows what he's doing. I've had a lot of coffee in my life and I am certain that this one is way up on my list. Get the cortado or the pour over.
Loved it.  Perfect thin and charred crust and great toppings.  Very fast service for a busy place.  Better than the place at Hilldale.
I started to give 4 stars because my salad came out with my meal, but my rabbit paparadelle was so amazing they need the full five! I'm a huge fan of Meat and Potatoes,  now I have options!
First time here at district one and I'm glad we came. Ask the Chef to do a tasting menu for you and you won't be disappointed. A must try restaurant here in Vegas.
Joshua Perkins, OD is a recent graduate of Midwestern University of Optometry. He is simply the best. He has excellent mannerisms, excellent demeanor and highest level of competence. I would recommend Dr Perkins to anyone who wants a complete, general eye examination and the best advice and recommendations possible for all your eyecare needs.
We love this place! Never been to Vietnam, but this seems to be the real deal! Try the chicken soup! I always get extra basil and cilantro! Hubby likes the spring rolls. We really enjoy this place in the winter months.
Fantastic!  He repaired my breaks didn't try to sell me anything I didn't need or have any extra fees! Was very nice to boot! Would recommend to my best friends!
Sushi chef Haru is about as good as it gets in the Las Vegas area.  Pretty much the best value in terms of quality of sushi and price.
Still le merd.   \nTook 3 newbies today and they were blown away.  Superb lunch.\n\nRanchera Especial is a favorite of mine.\nThe Norteno de pollo or res is killer.\nAnything named Alambre.\n\nYum
Came here with friends for a birthday dessert. Quaint atmosphere with very attentive staff. Tried the Strawberry Kiss, Chocolate Brownie, and profiteroles. Hella good.
Best tasting noodles we have ever had. Love this place so much we eat there a second night! Service is very good. Best Asian restaurant in Las Vegas.
The delicious food, its presentation, & attentive friendly staff were all worth the wait and the visit.  Attended with a group of 8 and ordered family style.  Each taste of everyone's plate was just as good as the last.  Finally the elegant atmosphere was comfortable - and we sat right near the fountains.  A perfect evening!
Love this spot! Their food is really good and inexpensive, service was great! Was very impressed their brunch is one of the best for the price.
Hands down, best yogurt in all of lv and I assure you, I've been to all of them. The pumpkin pie flavor is BOMB!!!
Balloons with a twist was the only company that responded to my balloon quote inquiry for a charity event. We are a non for profit organization and we were looking for an affordable rate. Balloons with a twist helped us out big time and we were able to put on a successful show. The staff is also very friendly and kind!
The salmon was cooked perfectly, the dressing had a hint of lime and garlic...it is the most delicious salad I've had in a while...unexpected pleasure at Sky Harbor
One of my favorite spots in Vegas. I have had several great meals here. The Sommelier was fantastic, friendly and made some really great pairings. If you'd like a tasty fun cocktail, try their cable car. Again, Michael Mina can do no wrong by me.
Chicken is to die for! On a recommendation from a friend we came here. Wasn't expecting anything special. Boy was I wrong. Pizza was very good, we got the New York Combo, thin & crispy crust. Waiter was on his game & very friendly. Wish there was one of these places in So Cal.
Holy cow, we had an incredible breakfast today! LOTS of food, excellent bread, the meat was juicy,  potatoes were hot and tasted fresh and not like a reheated afterthought! We will absolutely be eating there again!
We rented from this company we had no problem at all. The did give us brand new car with 600 miles on it. Check out was easy. The lady asked us about the insurance and the prepaid gas etc.. We declined and that was it. We booked through southwest web site great rate. Nice car no problems.
Lori and Dale are the absolute best! They do a wonderful job with grooming and my dog adores them! It's a happy, stress-free environment with people who genuinely love what they do - and it shows!
My absolute favorite car wash!!! This place has amazing customer service and my car always looks immaculate when it's done. I have friends that drive from across town just to go to this car wash. 5 stars all around!!
Ive been with guys for some time now and they are actually really friendly. They used to change employees a lot before but for the past 6 months or so Ive dealt with the same people.. As far as pricing they hooked me up big time and they have financing available (6 mo no interest). Thumbs up
Bunny spice smoothie delicious! Almond milk, carrot juice, ginger, cinnamon, raw honey. Yum. This was my first of a million visits I'm sure.
Fantastic pub atmosphere both indoor and on their rooftop area.  Great place to have a pint, share good times with friends, and enjoy the great food.  Menu prices are just a little steep but worth the price as you relish the Irish cuisine with a Guinness!
Excellent food and service! Great atmosphere for watching a game! I got the Caliente Chicken sandwich which was incredible! We loved it so much we went back a second time during our trip and we got even better service the 2nd time around! They have great deals on alcohol during happy hour! Highly recommended!!
Xtapa Joes is BACK!   Food was fantastic and service was friendly and fast.  They even custom made a veggie fundido for me.       We live in Arcadia and the food is worth the drive.
I was really looking for yummy cuisine in Mesa and I found it.  The quesadillas were delish and the hibiscus drink was exactly what I wanted.
This place is awesome!   The margaritas are unbelievable,  especially the cucumber margarita.   And the fajitas are the best I've had at any Mexican restaurant.
I absolutely love Pei Wei. I keep coming back and back. Kung Pao chicken is to die for, one of my favorite foods. Service is what it is, minimal, but what is done is done well. Always very fast, and the place is usually busy.
Great service, nice people.  My son has had lots of trouble with his glasses.  As he was only three when he started wearing them, he would break, bend them often.  They always fixed them quickly without a comment!  Dr.  Ross is great too!  \nHighly recommend.
Love this place! We drive 50 miles from Anthem just for the beer and food. Great selecton of craft beers and the nacaroni with brisket is to die for!
We always stay for free.  Can't complain about free.  Super cute asian girl that works at Java Vegas Coffee that used to live in Riverside, CA.
Keeping this short and sweet. Some of the best Pizza you can have in the U.S.A. Simply amazing. Go for the Margharita!! Just Go,Go, Go! You will NOT regret it.
Service is excellent and the food is always on point!  My boyfriend and I are thai food enthusiast and this spot is definitely acceptable.  Love the atmosphere of the place.
Far above the average strip mall Italian restaurant. Everything is fresh and very well cooked.\nThe selection and service are hard to beat..we eat there a couple of times a month for lunch
So much better than star bucks! You have to try their blended ice coffee it's amazing! Every TN ING is fresher and better tasting than starbucks.
I'm in love with their jerk chicken tacos. It's the best thing on the menu to me. The service is always great. Either to go or dine in, you'll always receive great service. No complaints from me.
I love the food here! The pizzas are second to none, the gold wings are incredible, and the pastas are amazing. To top it off, the service here is always awesome. I'm come here anytime I'm in the area. Five stars!!
EuroBurgr, one of THE best burgers I've had in my life!!! Delicious. Get it medium rare, if not, you don't understand food. But try! Pink beef is good.
Super fun workout! I actually look forward to my once a week barre class. Time just flies by here. They switch up workout routine often to make it challenging n fun. All the instructors are very friendly. I just love the energy here! Definitely would recommend it to anyone.
Thanks to Galaxy Theaters Green Valley I probably won't ever look at another theater the same. The reclining seats. The assigned seating. Does it get better??
First time client. Folks are friendly and down to earth. Got a great haircut for 20$. Can't beat that. I will e back.
service was perfect.  food was as good as it gets.  when you make a basic margherita pizza this good, you deserve 5 stars.  Beer list is amazing too.  You can not go wrong with this place at all.
Free easter bunny is awesome.  \n\nStaff is nice.\n\nPrices are hit or miss\n\nThey have a huge selection of guns.
WOW - I can't get over how good this show was!  I went with three others on Friday night and every one of us was blown away.  This is certainly the best entertainment value in Vegas!  Matt is a fantastic performer surrounded by tremendous musical talent.  This show is a must see!
We were very excited to try Chef Longest's food after watching her win Restaurant Express. We loved everything. We tried several of the appetizers and side dishes. Our favorites were the Street Tacos, Duck Sliders and especially the Crab Salad. We will definitely come back the next time we're in Vegas!!!
This physical therapy clinic was really nice. The employees are all very friendly and the facility is clean and has great music. I would suggest coming here if you are ever in need of a PT.
It's a small restaurant but the food is super awesome!! The waiters here are really police and kind. Quite a clean nice place. You can find a park space easily, but it is not open on Monday. I really enjoy here.
We ate at Oregano's when I came down for Spring Training. This place is awesome. Sometimes it is hard to get in as it is so crowded though. Highly recommended and worth the wait, if you have to wait. Although we have little kids so if the wait is 30 minutes plus we usually go elsewhere and come back another day.
Oliveo was my favorite place in college, but I have to say, it has never changed. Greek fries are heaven, and every dish delivers. \n\nYUM
Super cute place with tons of popcorn flavors! I ended up with Bacon \nCheddar and White Tie Tuxedo, both delicious! They also have shave ice and other treats like caramel apples, rice krispies, & retro sodas. Definitely worth coming back to!
I love this place! We went here for Christmas dinner 2012  and my dad's birthday (Aug. 3). There is usually a wait so get there early. It is a nice Chinese restaurant and their Cashew Chicken is where it's at! Definitely give Jade Palace a visit!
I have been coming to this store particularly because Picture People has put a studio inside the store. While waiting for photos to be processed, I walked the store. I was amazed at the cleanliness, variety of product, and friendly staff. I haven't been to this store during the weekend but during the week it was not crowded.
If you want to see an American success story in progress, stop and take a look.\n\nNick made me get off my rear end and join yelp! My first review. 5 STARS!
I absolutely love the authenticity and creativity in their menu. If you're in the mood for a hotdog, this is the place to go. And don't be afraid to order fried pickles on the dogs, they're delish!
The drive through is fast and accurate and the food is always hot. For a fast food place in very impressed and will definitely come back for their hamburgers and fresh lemonade. The lemonade is so delicious I'm addicted! The staff is also very polite :)
I'm from Mississippi and I know catfish. This place has Mississippi catfish with a New Orleans spice. The greens are awesome and now they have black eyed peas. Nice to have so close to the house.
Ate here yesterday for lunch, it was delicious. All five in my party enjoyed our meals. I got the 4 taco special plus horchata and loved it. We will definitely be going back!
Kinda funny giving a UPS Store a 5 star review... Well, they were by far the friendliest and most welcoming people I've ever interacted with in a place of business such as this. I'd go out of my way, and did, to utilize this store's services.
We've been coming here for years.  I've always loved In-N-Out ... the burgers are on the small end but it's perfect for me.  Great service.  Great food.  Super busy location.
I have known Jennifer Y. for many years. She is an amazing (and fast) groomer. She is the only one I trust my boys with fully. She can get both shih-tzus done in just over an hour (I shave them both down with a #10 blade).
Just found a great new breakfast spot in Scottsdale that just opened recently-Eggstacy.  Great menu, excellent food - I had the breakfast burrito with fruit; the best I've ever had.  Amazing service from Britni and Chris.  This place is a homerun.  Goodbye Butterfield's
Had a business dinner in the private room.  Service was fantastic and not rushed.  I'm sure that the bill being over $2k didn't hurt.  Tomahawk steak cooked to perfection.
So good! I got the Lobster & Shrimp Macaroni and Cheese and it was AMAZING! A large portion though, enough for 2 to share! Not too rich but perfect comfort food! Burgers look very good and well-made, as well as all of the salads! Definitely recommend this place!
This place is AMAZING!! It's always busy when I come here but very worth the wait! I've tried many gyros places around the valley and this one is by far the best! It's very clean, and customer service is top notch!
Fun at the hibachi table, but personal tables available. It's been perfect every time I go. Big fan of the land lovers special.
I am from the East Coast and this is the closest to what we get back East for excellent Chinese Food!  Every other place I tried since moving here was horrible!  Staff is super friendly and after going here only for a few weeks begins to recognize you!  It has become a weekly outing!
Leah did a great job. She took time to figure out what I was looking for and also gave me tips on how to take care of my fair in this dry heat since I just moved here.
Great food, great prices, great atmosphere....period.\n\nI have gone to several places around town and always return to Los Taquitos. My family has liked it from our first bite. \n\nI have recommended it to severals friends an they have enjoyed their food.
this is a very fast, affordable airport.  it has a lot of connections.  those things alone make it a good airport in my book.  it's convenient to the strip and downtown.  it's easy to navigate and clean.  the giant horny toad sculpture is so much fun to take a picture with.
I'm new in town and I def will got o this place from now and on. Best pho and fresh spring rolls I've ever hard honestly. Price is fair. 3 of us with 3 meals and alcohol drinks for less than 60.  Staff was friendly and good atmosphere.
I love this place. Great food, great coffee, great views, great prices. And I love that it's local. You've gotta check it out.
Love this place!  It's almost walkable from my house, but definitely my favorite place to go in my area.  I've been here 3 times now and have had great food every time.  Their steak fries are to die for!  Can't wait to go for St. Patty's Day!
We had a great experience! Such down to earth people who care about good food and service. I had the Acapulco Cheesesteak with a cup of creamy asparagus soup! Thank you Kristen for the great service!!!
recently went a concert there for  the first rap concert ever at the colosseum great venue for events and concerts ect hope theres a concert there soon
Incredible experience! The showcase is huge with a wide selection of great quality furniture at wholesale prices! The staff is very helpful and friendly. They immediately helped me find exactly what I was looking for and more! I will definitely be back to purchase more and I strongly recommend this place to anyone who is looking to find good quality furniture at amazing prices!!
Been there three time in last two weeks.\nThis place rocks. I am not ready for 9 burger challenge & never will be.\nThere double bacon cheese     AWESOME!!!
I love this place.  Pizza is true NY style pizza.  Strombolis awesome!! Cheesesteaks amd Italian subs  awesome.
What can you say?  Excellent pizza, very long wait.  One of those things you do for a special occasion or when you have out-of-town guests.
I love stopping by Anthology to pick up cards for special occasions and holidays.  It is very charming shop run by lovely people.  If you are looking for quality paper goods and the sweetest rubber stamps around, Anthology is surely the place for you.
My wife and I live in Vegas and we have to say this hotel is one of the most beautiful one we have spend time in and great service they don't have a lot restaurants but the Carlos and Charlie's is a great place to stop by and have a great time
\"Outstanding Food and Service\"\n\nThe food was out of this world. The service was outstanding and the drinks were excellent. Definitely will return. \n\n\nVisited July 2013
Just had all the kid dirt scraped scrubbed buffed and polished out of my 2006 ford. Looks like new inside and out. We are talking melted crayon. Dried old stains. They are amazing. Great prices too!
these guys are awesome! their pizza is great and so are the subs. I mean hoagies. lets make sure this place stays in business for a long time! such a refreshing change for the Square.
Hickory Grove is the church where I vote and where my daughter plays soccer. My church, http://www.BranchChurch.org is in a rented facility and has no place to do baptisms. HG let us use their facility on a Friday night complete with sound guys... I think that's really cool!
Fantastic course.  Don't play slow or they will get on you... but a beautiful course, good pro shop...
the grits and biscuits are divine.\n\nsimple american comfort food done right. \n\nmake sure to follow them on twitter!
How can you not love this place?  It has the best pool in the valley, is retro chic and has Gallo Blanco in the lobby.
Great shop. Had an online presence only initially, so glad they opened a B&M. Good selection of e juices. Good hardware selection. Staff is knowledgable, friendly & helpful. You feel comfortable while shopping here.
Best collard greens I've ever had with BBQ to match. $3 pints of ANY BEER on Mondays. Super friendly wait staff. I'm definitely coming back here next time I'm in the area.
Amazing service and incredible food. These people care about your dining experience and they have the food to back it up. Do yourself a favor, just go. You won't regret it.
I've been getting my hair cut every three weeks here for over a year and definitely recommend this place to all my friends! \nPhil, the owner, has a lot of experience and does a great job! He is quick, proficient and does a great job every time I go in.
My husband and I went there last weekend for the first time to bathe our miniature Shelty. Great place, clean, friendly personnel, inexpensive. I think Fe Fe was pleased with the Blueberry facial , oatmeal conditoner and the Passion fragrance. We will definetly return in the near future.
Favorite sushi place in NV!  Price is reasonable and food is incredible!  I will eat there every time I go to Las Vegas.
Go there almost everyday, i love there Zinger burger, fried chicken is awesome, as well as pizza. The owner is a very nice guy, very respectful. The best part about it is halal and you won't find many places in phoenix with this type of halal food.
WOW. Stopped in after the AZ ROAD RACER 5k. The machaca special was great!  Eggs bacon and french toast was wonderful.
Updated review: I love going to Tamari bc of the delicious food. Their happy hour is a MUST! I haven't had any problems with the hostess for the past few times I have gone. Great sushi, great food, great environment and great prices!
The vermicelli bowl was excellent!\nVery good service, the only down side is the waiting time to get your food. Besides that everything is very authentic and fresh!
This is an excellent place for breakfast. Not your traditional gravy for biscuits and gravy, but was so delicious. Steak and eggs special was top notch. Excellent service, very attentive. Great to find an out of the way restaurant in Vegas that is soooo good!
My new favorite breakfast place in Madison! I love it! The scones are amazing, as is the what looks like homemade jam. I had the SCC - scrambled eggs and cream cheese and chives. YUM! Great eastside atmosphere and just a cozy, homey feel.
Sweet Jesus!  Checker pool and pump rocks.  Exactly the kind of place my  (ex) pool boy hoped I'd never find.  Good prices (free advice) and friendly, honest service.  Eat your heart out paddock, I'll see you at checkers!
Great guys and fast service! My truck was completely transformed by the full detail and carpet treatment after it was trashed from a move. If you are like me and never carry cash, be sure to get a tip voucher so you can use your card for the tip. I will definitely come back!
Love these burgers, I think it's the bun that really does it for me (egg bun), the fries are a bit skinny for my preference but they're still good.
Always friendly, top-notch service from these guys!  Definitely recommend this place for a cut and a straight edge from well-trained professionals!
Read reviews of how they specialized in Diesel so I took my BMW 335d in and had them put a tune on it. They also upgraded my lights to LED and found me a great deal on Rims and tires. My ride looks brand new and was crazy affordable (relatively speaking) compared to what others would have charged.
2 following Meals TO GO were made perfect.  The  Triple Beef Taco is so good that I just told a Visiting Co-Worker that they had to get one before he returned to Michigan.
My family and I have been attending Central Christian Church for a few years now and highly recommend anyone & everyone to come and experience God's love that surrounds Central. Multiple locations around the valley & service times on Sat night as well as Sunday. It's a great church to feel at home & connected to God.
Fantastic bubble tea, great food, and amazing customer service. I go to UNLV and stop by all the time. It's definitely worth stopping by.
My friends and I came here midday and it was pretty fun! I enjoyed playing black jack here. $5 minimums and the dealers are so friendly and helpful! I like the music they were playing as well and everyone is so upbeat and lively! They have beer pong too, which is awesome! I'd definitely come back again.
Great food in large portions. I got a meat calzone and I can easily say that it is the best I've ever eaten. I would easily eat here again.
I just moved and was looking for a pizza place to take my kids.  I found Crust and really enjoyed the pizza.  Finally a place outside of New York that calls the pizza a \"Pie\".   Great Pies...I will be back for more
Great place for sushi! The menu has more than the basic rolls. I've tried about 95% of the rolls and I haven't yet disliked any. HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU TRY THIS PLACE!
absolutely loved this place...i love the fact that the vegas strip had alot of these places located on the strip...i got the red bull drink and it was good and did its justice...when we go back to vegas definitely hitting this place up!!!!
Had the best time with our group of 11 ladies watching the show.  Marcus does a great job playing to the crowd of ladies. If you have time stay after the show to get your picture the the fellas!!!!!
I had to add a review after reading that Portillo's uses frozen crinkle french fries.  Jimmys uses a whole potato and slices it right in front of you - nothing frozen.  Jimmys is great.
Hands down the best authentic Mexican meal you can get in Vegas at a good price. After you order your first round of tacos you'll be going back for round two. Tacos El Gordo rivals anything I've had in So Cal the Mecca of authentic Mexican food.
One of the best burger joint in town , the quality of the patties is top notch . Get the poblano burger !
Best mocha EVER! Wayne makes the best drinks and is always a delight to see in the morning.  I moved out of town, but when I visit, I stop here every morning!!
I placed an order online off my friend's registry and picked it up an hour later.  Amazing customer service, as I watched three associates patiently work their way through everyone's needs at the Customer Service counter.  The gentleman who brought out the car seat also carried it to my car.  Bravo!
Tracy Alberro is the bomb.com!!! I love my hair!!! Thanks Tracy...you are the best!!!
Our favorite neighborhood breakfast place.  Chicken on the Coup - is amazing.  Love the stuffing and gravy - and then mix in the eggs - fantastic.
I really like Sammy's. A more accurate score would be 4 1/2 because their is always room for improvement.  But they have some wonderful Mediterranean options. I suggest getting the LEBNI. It is hands down the best thing on the menu.
If you find yourself in Vegas and you love the Southern California/Bay Area feel, you have to check out this place at Tivoli Village - The Market and The View Wine Bar! The signature cocktail The Desert Bloom is a must!
we love f&l\n\nFood is always fresh and consistsantly good.  Their salsa is the best in Scottsdale.\n\nService is very attentive and price is right.  We always look forward to Frank and Lupe.
I love my office space. The staff is Awesome and always ready to help. I also like the fact the office is located right next to the 95 on ramp, so I can get in and out quickly.
Great local food!! If you have a need to get your Hawaii fix in this is the place!! The aloha bento is best, also try the Korean chicken!
Service was fast and extremely friendly, coffee was great, and I will definitely return!\n\nI love that they have a little drive thru and they offer so many sugar free options.  It's a refreshing way to grab a drink anytime!
I'm told they are expensive and there are other places that are better, but both times I've been there, I got great deals and left very happy.  No complaints.  I'll return there first when I need something else.  Look for the deals...they are there!
Amazing icecream and staff. As it being my first time in tonight, the staff was very accommodating. I had a lot of recommendations but I chose to do the float called how now, brown cow( I think) with root beer. The ice cream was perfect and creamy. Root beer was tasty.
Came here for dinner, sat outside and watched the sunset and lights come on across the strip. It was beautiful! But the food and service were even better! The tasting menu was fantastic, especially the lobster curry, and they even gave us a few extra courses compliments of the chef! A ton of food and all of it was delicious!
Best waffle I've ever had...I made my own with a chocolate waffle, chocolate sauce, caramel sauce, raspberries, cherry pie filling, blueberries, whip cream and powdered sugar.  Pure bliss!
Very good.  My Italian beef, chili cheese fries and soda were perfect.  It's amazing how they can serve so many people so quickly.  Kurt Warner was waiting in line like everyone else when I was there tonight.
Delicious fish tacos on Sunday, and let's not forget the bar side music of Roger Enrico.  This is our second time here and the food and atmosphere is perfect.
Loved this place.  I had the pulled pork sandwich, piled very high plus sweet potato casserole which was awesome and banana pudding. Yum! Husband had Mahi Mahi sandwich which he said unbelievable.  Lima beans good too.  Plus easy casual atmosphere. We'll be back.
UPDATE: I am now satisfied. I came in for a third visit and learned alot about just how a salon appointment should be! What an experience!! Promt service, care and customization!  Thank you!
Been going here for more than 20 years and have found it to be consistently reliable. Whether at the sushi bar or at a table we've never left disappointed. I miss the candy sushi though.
ONO INDEED!\n\nPOG is my favorite flavor and I usually get it with pineapple as well.  It's like being back on da islands. Love it!
Now this is the way to do a movie theater. Hip, Cool, Trendy layout, cool bar. And the seating, feels just like a Lazyboy! Super cute smiley staff. The only downer was the movie I saw, Apollo 18, go see something else and you will have a great time.
One of the single greatest meals I've had the pleasure of eating.  Things got a little hazy after the 6th (or was it the 27th) course as each delectable plate was paired with a glass of wine.  We were stuffed to the seams with foie gras, truffles, and fine booze.
This place is just THE BEST,. A very old well kept tradition and very Vegas.. Large portions, kitchy kool wait staff always a great meal at a reasonable price... Beats the buffets hands down.. no contest. Fireside is great too!
Spak Brothers is the best pizza shop in the city. The wing sauces are incredible! Great people own the place and it's very easy to support.
AMAZING!! The owner is a delight to talk to and she knows her Vegas history and where every piece has come in from. Every item is also in pristine condition and she takes great care in preparing everything. Definitely a must visit!
These smoothies are delicious and nutritious! They are much more tasty than Jamba and much more healthy. My favorite is the green tea!\n\nThe staff/owners are always very nice and remember me when I come in!
I grew up going to Serranos and after 30 years their Chips & Salsa/Bean Dip remains the best I've ever had! It really is the standard that I just all salsas against. Their shredded beef Chimichangas are excellent as well. I love this place!
Born n raised in Green Bay.... Not only makes me a Packer fan... But have appreciation for little bars like this...\nGuess I have to talk to Kim the owner for a job!
Amazing burgers, good atmosphere, super super friendly staff, large drinks. It's a recipe for a good night.  try the brownie!!
From the minute we arrived we were treated as guests. The food was amazing. The service was up there with the best I've encountered. The decor is very appealing.\n\nI highly recommend stopping in if you are in Las Vegas.
The most authentic Thai food ever!!  You must try this place out!! The barbecue chicken at this place was absolutely phenomenal I highly recommend it and get the sweet Thai chili sauce it's absolutely amazing!!
Better donuts than DD, especially the glazed.  Also love the donut holes.  Only 99 cents a dozen!  I personally only had the glazed donuts but I'm told by my family that their fruit filled donuts are also very good.  More filling than DD. Service is friendly and price is good. They also have drive-thru Window.
Oldest tavern in Scottsdale, and still the least Scottsdale of any bar in Scottsdale.   Go early, go late, its always good.
Great food!  Tons of selection - even for someone who doesn't like raw sushi and a vegetarian boyfriend!  Friendly staff,  inexpensive pricing,  fun atmosphere!  Totally different dining experience!
Our favorite pizza and a great family ownership and atmosphere.  We have a tradition on Friday night we go and pick Julianas Pizza up and the kids as well as mom and dad eat it all!  Also they have homemade coconut cream pie and brownies that are second to none!
Yummy: Via Mexico Salad w/o Pork. The fries are really thick and addicting. Service is always very good.
I've been coming to this location for over 10 years. This shop is the standard against which all others are measured. The staff is great and often has my beverage and pastry waiting for me when I walk in.  Visiting this Starbucks is like visiting friends or family. Kudos to all associated with this store.
Quite possibly the coolest little downtown coffee cafe!  It offers a variety of seating options in a comfortable indoor/outdoor retro throwback style. The sweet and savory crepes made with fresh from the farm ingredients are of the highest quality. Just an awesome place to spend a relaxing morning.
The chef and his staff are very savvy about gluten issues (and other food allergies) and will go to great lengths to make sure you feel safe and secure while dining.
Well chilling out at HML on my bday waiting for karoake. Looking at the tempting Mutabal I had last time. So come on down on Tuesdays with KJ Supreme for karoake and good, long lasting hookah.
Brooke and Jayna are awesome!  They offer so many great, relaxing services.  I'm able to get facials,  and permanent hair removal all at once. I absolutely love it every time I'm in :)
This is one of the best sushi places in town. The all you can eat is so incredible! I've never felt so great leaving a sushi restaurant, this place will take care of all you sushi needs and more. \nGreat staff, great atmosphere and great food. A must go for sushi lovers.
You can't go wrong with the free services in the library! Organized and lots of programs for the babies such as story time, puzzle playing, educational classes!
i have to change my review after talking to bobby the general manager he turned me over to Vince who went out of his way to make us happy. Very pleased
The food here is absolutely amazing and very reasonably priced.  The nachos are a must have.  Don't be put off by the location and/or setting of the restaurant, this is the \"hole in the wall\" place.  Worth the drive and trying to find a parking spot.  Just be advised that they are not open on Monday.
Starting from Friday I believe that they have a BBQ crepe special until its sold out, which is the winner for me.  Its filled with tender BBQ meat and a side of coleslaw.  Nutella crepe is also my favorite sweet one.   Great spot, crepes are consistent, owners super friendly.
Sushi is delicious, filling and prices are fair.  Take out or dine in , service is the same.  My new sushi place
My favorite Vegas haircut joint. Quick, cheap, high quality place. Service is great; I've visited this place countless times and have been charmed every time. \nThanks, Great Clips, for many fast, fabulous haircuts!
Great meat and flavor. Nice touches on all. A little weak on the cheese portion, but it's included in the price ( good )\n\nOh, and IBC rootbeer in a frosted mug= Heaven !
Best Ever!! Are you kidding me? If you don't like this place stick to Taco Bell! Pork shoulder, short ribs, any of the tacos, and of course the guac, all will keep you coming back.
This is a wonderfully well operated restaurant - run by an amazingly hospitable family.  The food, drink, and atmosphere were everything I hoped for - a fantastic place to celebrate a special occasion.
This place is great.  Just off of Scottsdale Road in Old Town Scottsdale.  Good food, great prices and very helpful employees.  They deliver if you are in the area.
The butter and bread that come with the meals are worth five stars alone. But the rest of the food is also delicious, I never really have a problem getting a table and it's in a cute area. A date-night staple when I lived in Madison and one of the restaurants I try to hit whenever I get back there.
This place is fantastic!  Food is always as fresh as can be, served in piping hot dishes and so filling. Great beer selection in bottles and the chips and gauc are do die for. I will be coming here for a long time ...Did I hear franchise???
Everything I've eaten here is stellar. The bruschetta is one of my favorite things, but the shrimp po-boy may just be the best I've ever had! Freaking bomb onion rings, too. You could definitely say this is not your average bar food. And I like bar food.
8 pounds of Golden Delicious apples for $2.\n\nEIGHT POUNDS OF GOLDEN DELICIOUS APPLES FOR $2!\n\nAre you really going to try to complain about a supermarket that has a bargain like that!?
I came here for an oil change after reading some of the other reviews. The bathroom is clean, the seating is comfortable, there is a tv and vending sodas. Free wifi and best of all, these guys are fast and affordable.
I've been there many times and they are always very good. When you go out to eat with five people ordering five different things, usually one is not happy with their meal. This is not the case at Casa del Sol. The staff is great, the food doesn't take long and the price isn't bad either.
Great food very informative staffs, feels like home so many selections to choose from.They also make really good BBQ and beef Caldereta!\nWhenever I go back to Vegas I always visit this restaurant.Not expensive at all!!\nHighly recommended you will never regret it.Yummy food :)
Best Poutine!!!\nThis is, hands down, the best place to grab a Poutine. They serve their Poutine on Belgium fries which elevates it to the next level. The fries alone are delicious!
Great place.  The prices are very reasonable.  I've had my haircut by Sierra several times and she is fast and does an excellent job.
We had a great experience there today and every time we go. Its a five star Chili's restaurant. My family can always find something that everyone likes, price is right, and service was great and quick for lunch crowd. We are always seated in a timely matter. We can count on everyone enjoying their food every time we go.
Being left handed myself, I am really looking forward to taking advantage of the web presence services offered by Left Handed Productions.  Leanne and her staff are so helpful and attentive.  They have discouraged us from doing things we wanted to do and encouraged us to do things we hadn't even considered.  Their recommendations are well thought out and clearly presented.
Out Standing Gym - has some great trainers there too.  Randy Mae knows hot to get results - recommend him to all whom needs a trainer.\nA very clean and very friendly staff as well members whom will motivate your physical desires to the fullest - all ages, races a welcome sight ..
Just had Doug clean the tile in our rental property. He was on time and professional. Very pleased with the outcome and will definitely call again.\nThanks!
This place by far is the best dentistry I've been to. The staff is extremely  friendly and helpful. They go above and beyond to explain their process. Where other places leave you sitting and waiting. This is definitely going to be my go to dentist now.
Great food, great prices.  My friends and I go here for lunch every time we're in town.  My recommendations: Hong Kong Chow Fun Beef, Wonton Braised Noodles, and the Dr. Fu Special.  All of these dishes are around $7!  They also have good bubble tea here (lots of different kinds, too).
5 stars for being my favorite starbucks in the valley. All of my favorite baristas either work at this location or used to work here lol. They just had a remodel and the place looks fantastic.  Generally speaking I get fast service and everyone knows my name.
Been craving a slice of NY pie since our trip to the Garden for Phish's NYE run. So glad I found this place. The owner is unbelievably nice and his pizza was exactly what I needed.
Good food & great service.\nWent to Oyster Bar Friday Night & Saturday Night, food was really good and excellent service.  5 star! !!\n;)
They make mulled wine on demand. Just ask. Yes, even after Christmas is over!\nThat sums up how great the service is, and the atmosphere or menu won't leave you disappointed either.
They are simply amazing! Gave to my daughter's teachers and therapists for Teacher Appreciation Day and they couldn't stop raving about them. Found my husband hiding while eating his, so he wouldn't have to share! Worth every penny!
This is truly a culinary experience. You can not go wrong with practically anything on the menu. Come hungry and be prepared to wait. It is worth it. If you are a chain restaurant person you will not get it! \nFarm fresh and local with quirky servers and high energy. Fabulous!
need a tat this is the place to go.  great people here.  i am honored to have had bob tat my arm before his passing but his spirit lives on through kayrn and her crew.  nice atmosphere and great people to get info from or to just hang out with.  more tats are coming for me from this shop.
This place is perfect!\n- Amazing, intelligent staff\n- Top notch selection of wine, beer, spirits\n- Very reasonable prices, 2 beers, a glass of wine, and bread w/ olive oil, $16\n- Super comfortable, warm environment
I went through the fast care at this location and it was great. I was In and Out. The doctors answer all your questions. They are very helpful if you come in with multiple problems. I came in for eczema and also left with an allergy shot.
Went here for a friends birthday. They have a nice outside patio. That you can reserve. Great options for sandwiches & wine. I absolutely love these types of places where it's a deli but also a great little shop with crazy jams, sauces, teas & cookwares.
I have never had a bad order here, they work super fast and are always very friendly. I usually use the drive thru cause I'm lazy and don't want to get out of my car, the drive thru line is usually long but no worries!! They work fast! :)
Love this location and l love Nancy the gal that cuts my hair. Nothing bad to say at all. Plus with the check in app, it reduces your wait time. And for $13 bucks a cut- you can't beat it!
Been tattoo'd by Gianni for years and this shop and all that are in it are nothing but an extension of his greatness. Be smart get a great tattoo from this shop.
Hnnngffff their signature spinach pizza\nIt's the only thing I've ever ordered there\nAnd it alone warrants 5 stars.
Place is very nice, competed in a strongman comp here a couple of weeks ago. They ran this event awesome and everyone was very nice. Place was clean, equipment was good and all in all had a great time.
Best airport latte evah! Generally I feel lucky to get Starbucks in an airport so finding next level coffee in Phoenix was a treat. Worth the walk even if you are not flying out of the C gates.
I left my jacket in the cab on my way to the airport. When I got back to Minnesota I looked up the number for the cab company and sent an e-mail regarding my lost jacket. Within two minutes the company called and is returning my jacket. Excellent service!!!
Best pho in Las Vegas.\n\nThis place has become our favorite in Las Vegas. We have always have a good experience.\n\nI usually do beef & flank pho and a side order of summer rolls. \n\nHighly recommend this place.
Optics gets an A+.\nDr. Rago and the staff are wonderful.\nThey are professional, courteous and knowledgable.\nI am happy to say I found my eye doc!
Always, always a delicious, fresh cupcake!  By far THEE best red velvet and coconut cupcakes EVER!  Snickerdoodle cookies are pretty darn good too!
Love, love, love poke express. Walking in makes you feel like you're back in Hawaii. I love that they offer hot rice as an option so that I can create my own poke bowl and throw down immediately. Ono poke especially being in the middle of the desert and the guys there are full of aloha.
These guys are AWESOME!!! I called them at just after 7PM on a Friday night and he said he'd be out within 30mins.  He was here in about 15-20 and had the door unlocked within 30secs!! A+++
Great customer Service! and the quality of the photo's are freaking awesome! Dean the photographer helps you if you have never taken professional photo's before! He's a nice guy too very easy going and good with jokes!
I love this place!  The people that run this join are top notch!  When I visit Pittsburgh I love to go to the Cantina.  Yinz should get down on it.
Just started training here a few weeks ago.. Everyone is very helpful and instructor very thorough. Lots of room to roll around in this gym. Happy to be a student here and definitely recommend this place to the experienced/unexperienced  or those looking for something new to get into..
I was very impressed with this place.  We wanted to serve Philly cheese steaks for an ASU tailgate and not only was this place the cheapest in town, they had outstanding meat quality, awesome customer services and the place was spot less.\n\nI will be back for sure.
I love Don Pedro's!  The portions are huge and delicious.  I love the guy who comes by the table to make guacamole.
Wow wow wow. First - excellent service. Johnny and Gabriel will take great care of you. Second, best margaritas I've ever had (I'm a Texan in Vegas so this is saying a lot). Finally, the tuna tostada. Wow. Best thing ever. A must visit in Vegas.
Must see to believe.  Everyone and everything done to perfection. It's a must eat and see in Las Vegas! I like good dessert but this is way more than just dessert its an experience
If you want to Chinese food in Edinburgh, it is the best choice in my opinion. The restaurant is quiet (but i heard it is different what Chinese tourists are here), clean and waiter is kind. Food is very good. I ordered several foods but there is no food disappointing me.
Great service and gray food.  We sampled from the Sushi bar and enjoyed every bite.  The Sushi chef customized a roll or two just for us.
We love Rosa's!! Its the perfect place for a group as they accommodate large parties and kids. I love the chicken mole, cheese crisps, and shredded beef tacos, and the salsa is delicious!
This place should be a training ground for customer service.  The entire staff is dialed in on getting orders out, refilling drinks, and staying on top of
A must when hitting any spot that has a Fat Tuesdays. I got a $1 off coupon from a friend and got the Mango and Strawberry mixed with an extra shot. It was the best. Love Fat Tuesdays.
Of course we enjoyed our dinner tonight! Got the chicken lettuce wraps, and the Hawaiian burger!! Grabbed some shock tops too! We sat at the bar and the bartenders were great! Service was perfect up there.
Great office! The office consists of very dedicated staff members that love their job-and it shows. Both dentists on board take great care of their patients. they take the time to know the individual and tailors to each persons needs.
Great spot to watch a game.  The food is good and the service is great! Plus, they are dog friendly on the patio.  Our server went above and beyond to take care of us.
Thank u all for your review I have always wanted to try in but was\nA bit afraid but you guys have encouraged me to do so (:
We go here at least once a week.\nIt's always crowded but timing is everything..we try to get there with the busy time has died down a bit.\nAlways clean, and always great service.
Hands down, the BEST buffet in Las Vegas.  The best food, the best desserts, the best price.  Unlimited beer and wine for lunch and dinner.  AMAZING gelato.  And a barista!  Try it and you will fall in love...
I loved this place. I had the prime rib, I enjoyed every bite. The service was immpacable.  Worth every penny.
I had the blueberry ice cream and the almond whiskey ice cream which was my favorite. The almost whiskey ice cream was very smooth and creamy. I wish I tried it in a waffle cone. The place is very small but it's cute. The ice cream was amazing and I will be back.
Not sure why my review for Italian Restaurant ended up under Pizzeria Bianco so I want to fix this. Love pizzeria Bianco but go for lunch. Dinner is way too busy.
I have been coming to Bamboo house for at least 8 or 9 years now and have never been unsatisfied. The lunch specials are a perfect portion size, at amazing prices.  The orange chicken or orange beef are the best I've had anywhere.  I strongly suggest this place if you are looking for amazing Chinese at a great price!
During marching season, my boyfriend and I went here nearly every Friday for date night. We still go every few Fridays, as we absolutely love it here! The food is delicious, especially the curry and coconut ice cream. The servers are always kind, they tend to try keeping conversations short and to the point. Its an extremely nice restaurant.
This is my new Las Vegas home they really know how to treat you there. I can't possible say enough good thing about the Bellagio.
Kara is very professional and her Brazilian waxing is truly painless! Her success is also inspired me to open my own business, thank you Kara and good luck!
Whining Pig is truly as good as it gets for what it is.  This place has achieved regular rotation in my list of friendly establishments.  It almost has this speakeasy feel to it.  The owner is just as friendly as the bar itself.
Love this place!  Reasons to give them a try:  friendly service, precision manicure and pedicure, great prices.  I've been here numerous times since and have been equally satisfied after each visit.
Can you say \"Smoked Out\". Sweet Jesus, I thought someone  was having a BBQ. Famous Dave's- Chandler is the best y'er gonna get. Go Git'chu some. Great customer service, attentive wait staff, HELL'A good food.
I went in to get my Viper remote replaced because my other two stopped working and instead of just selling me a new one right away the owner tried to see if it was battery or something else. I like the honesty of that and he was very friendly and fast and replacing the remote and re-programming it to my car. I highly recommend this place!
A great place! Fast, friendly service and the bike I rented was well tuned. They also provided a couple of good routes for riding.
Our first time and it won't be the last. Awesome Hash Browns and Meatloaf. Mary personally made a visit to our table to share her meatloaf receive. Thanks Mary!
Very funny! Good for children if you brought them to Vegas. He uses lots of people from the audience. Show lasted about 1 hour 15 minutes.
What a selection! Anything you would want out of produce is available from 10 different booths. Plus they have lots of warm and yummy treats inside. Seems like a fantastic resource for the neighborhood. You could spend a couple hours shopping.
A great free experience especially if you are a fan. We saw Rick briefly and met Brettly out the front of the store. The short tour is a great insight into the working environment
Can't be best for a quick affordable meal or snack... Good little sandwiches, soup etc...easy in/easy out ... We go frequently!
These guys are amazing. Brian has been with us for years and he is so professional and friendly. He knows my kids names and knows that I work from home so let's me know via text when he's coming as to not scare me. They also did our sealing of our house for scorpions and it was so helpful!
Delicious pizza, fast delivery.  I thought the pasta we preferred was a little oily, but my boyfriend thought it was perfect.  Definitely one of the best delivery pizza choices in the Mt. Lebanon area. We get it every time we want pizza.
I have been in 3 times now for parts and I was very impressed how helpful Aaron was. I haven't used their service department but I will. This is for sure one of the most professional and well stocked shops I have been to. I highly reccomend them.
2 words: Awe. Some. \n\nGreat fish & Chips, great Po' Boys, so far have loved everything I have tried.
I have been eating here for over 20 years.   moved to California and every time we come back for a visit  Ajos is a must stop for us.   we usually end up taking extra orders of the queso back to Cali with us. nom nom nom
The food is awesome!!!!  Love the buttermilk chicken and mashed sweet potatoes!  One of the best places to eat in Phoenix!
Val was very helpful and knowledgeable about the products. She helped me with a sim card issue and didn't even charge me, so I bought a stock charger for a great price. Will buy from again and refer my friends and family.
Every bit as good as their City North store. The Chai is fabulous and their Ethiopian coffee is off the charts too. Finally there is GOOD coffee in that part of town.
The food is awesome and the service is Great!!! Everything on the menu is good so try everything - even the kids food is great!! \nPrices are very reasonable! Great place - has become a family favorite!!!!
Sadly, this place is out of business, gobbled-up by the 1/2 dozen starbucks stores within a mile of the place.  Seek!  Find! Report!  Boycott corporate coffee!
Great variety of Asian food, absolutely love the Pho and Seaweed Salad! Awesome\nNeighborhood restaurant with a great atmosphere and extremely nice employees. Nice weeknight takeout spots well, affordable and quick.
Came here because dog became sick while driving from LA. Gave great, friendly service. Walked in but did not wait long to be seen. Got examined, medicated, and bloodwork all done within an hour. Reasonably priced too.
I LOVE YOU, Ronald's Donuts!!! Thank you for being vegan friendly and making my ass that much bigger =D
Great service from the Bartenders, well priced drinks, music is good and theme nights are fun. Check this bar out. This was back from Jan 2013. was in town for softball tournament.
I've been coming here for as long as I remember. Since 1995 at least. Their food has always been consistently good.\nService has always been a little on the slow side, but that is typical in the Mexican Restaurant way. I find the slow service forgivable because the food more than makes up for it.
Very awesome service and even better coffee! The staff is always cheerful and outgoing like you expect at a Dutch Bros. The coffee is the best in the state, I wish it were at Westgate so I could get some during Coyotes games!
Awesome soups. Had the lobster bisque. I also had the club on sourdough. It was excellent. The red pepper humus was very nice as an appetizer. Service was excellent and brisk. Well be back often.
I love this place. Especially when I want a quick, healthy lunch. I always get 3 crunchy chicken tacos with guacamole on the side. I'm excited that next year Chipotle will be committed to using non-GMO ingredients for all their food!
I have recently fallen in love with their spinach enchiladas with queso sauce. Seriously, the best spinach enchilada I have ever had. Because of this, I have determined I like Abuelos even more and upped their score to 5 stars. Also, I have never had bad service here and the atmosphere is beautiful.
Took both my 3 & 5 year old boys to Dr Manny today, and I was thoroughly impressed with him and his entire staff! My 3 year old was nervous and they made him feel comfortable and were able to get him to get X-rays, cleaning and exam happily!
I've been a client of Justin's for over 10 years. He's a great citizen of the Anthem community and he and his staff are top notch. I have auto, home, and my kid's 529 college funds with State Farm and I've never had a single problem.
Cheap, fairly organized, contrary to popular opinion. The lady who helped me seemed a little crotchety until I smiled at her, then she was joking around and helping me. You have to go in expecting to sacrifice a little ... THE PRICES ARE FABULOUS.
This is the best Culver's around because it is company owned (not franchised) and they use this store for training new managers, so everyone really knows their job and they are not miserable like most fast food employees.  And the food is almost always perfect.
I had a great experience here.  The lady that did my hair did exactly what I asked for.  I would go here again and again.  \n\nIt is a little hidden but well worth the hunt.
The best 30 bucks I have spent on an hour massage. Everything of importance was worked on. My favorite part was the head massage and the hand massage. I was so relaxed I even fell asleep! I will never go to a traditional massage place again. Happy feet I am now a forever customer.
Every year i go to Arizona i stay here with the family and this time also i was very happy. We had a good time. Nice hotel. Justine and her manager at the front desk and another supervisor Kathie also was very helpful. Go guys here and you won't regret.
Loved it! It's free for the ppl who are wondering!! Basically a tuner shop for fords with a extremely nice collection of cobras gt's ext. With a gift shop and sells center for those looking for some performance upgrades !
My husband and I were looking for something different off of the strip. Ordered a bone in sirloin. It's was juicy, flavorful and very appetizing. My husband kept saying \"I love it I love it I love it\". Atmosphere was nice, and staff was really friendly.
Hands down best teriyaki chicken bowl in the valley- I always it with extra cabbage ( which is weird) but they always give me what I want and are so nice and friendly. they always remember me:)
Awesome...best Mexican food we have had in a long time.  Friendly atmosphere but not pushy.  Price is average.
From the phone call to make the appointment to the service, everything was great. Chandler is very professional, and they completed my service in a timely manner. I will gladly return.
We ate tony Roma's the night before, it was pretty good.... That being said this place blew that food out of the water! I will be going back Everytime I visit Vegas
Delicious macaroons and lots of flavours to choose from. And at $1.50 a pop I have no complaints about this place!
Dr. Sadowski and his staff are great. They are very inclusive and respectful of all families, stay up to date with current technology and best practices. For those without dental insurance they will still treat you and work out payment plans.
Love love love this place! I like the teas better than the blended boba drink. They have diff kinds of flavors. Sooooo good!
Great Sports Bar. Staff is very friendly and food comes out reasonably quick. The menu is typical American Bar food (Most of it is fried so if you're on a diet - not your place). The food, atmosphere, and even the staff are superior to Hooters and Tilted Kilt.
My Mesa AZ house keys were stolen, and I called Sparks. They came that same day and re-keyed all my locks. I was fit into an already busy day, which I very much appreciated. Their prices are very reasonable, and I will definitely recommend them, and will absolutely use them again!
I love coming to Carnival Court when the Garage Boys are playing. They have such a high energy, rockin show.  I always have an amazing time!! I always check their website to see when they are playing here.
The suncoast is the best hotel and casino off the strip. It has all the things you need. Great food and great rooms. But also they have really nice bowling and shows to go see. It is located in summerlin and you have a nice view of the mountains. I would reccomend staying Here.
This is my favorite pizza place in all of Phoenix. I have tried a few others and none are comparable. The pizza is delicious and the wings are just as good. Super affordable. This Tempe location is my favorite!
Great dining experience every part of our dining experience was wavelength from appetizer to main course . Paul our server was courteous and superb .\nWe have stayed at Bellagio many times and this was our first time at Olives.\nIt will be one of our must eat places when next we visit .
If you love all you can eat sashimi, this is the only place on earth!  They are fast and food is fresh.  I have been coming here regularly for years.  It is a hidden Vegas gem!
This place is one of our favorites.  The food is always great and the service is top notch.  The gyros, chicken shawarma, greek burger and greek fries are all amazing!  The lunch buffet is a good choice as well.
I work at optima, so not only is this restaurant convenient it's also DELICIOUS. Got an oriental salad with ahi tuna and BLTAC before, both amazing. Gotta go!
Cool place. We came here to ice skate during the Thanks Giving holiday. My daughter's love to skate and had a blast. They have hot chocolate and a few other things for you to eat and drink. It was very comfortable and relaxing. During the holidays get away from the casino for a while and enjoy some outdoor ice skating.
It's great to walk into a gluten-free establishment with no worries about cross-contamination. So many choices. The lime-banana bread was excellent. Great smoothies too!
What's not to like?  Great southwestern dishes with fantastic flavor. The pork tacos are amazing and make it hard to explore other dishes on the menu but I'm sure I'll get to it all sooner or later as this is going to be a weekly lunch stop for our gang.
Love love love cheesecake factory!\nSpicy chicken chipotle pasta is my all time favorite!\nPair it up with the Red velvet cheesecake &its a wrap!\nAlways very fast&friendly service. Well earned 5stars
My fave custard tarts in town. The closest I've found to the ones in Hong Kong. Nice and flaky, especially when they're hot! I don't go anywhere else for custard tarts because they're just not nearly as good.
Fantastic art, great coffee, nice chill atmosphere. The pastries and coffee are amazing ! Such a great authentic coiffed spot in this area. Great for socializing and studying
Awesome little place, that I stumbled into by accident. Lydia is cooking a different meal every day if you fancy more than a coffee or a home made snack. She and her husband are really friendly and the espresso is great!
Great food and great service! We always try to order something different when we go and have never been disappointed. Fantastic drinks and giant screen TVs throughout. Great pub.
Very good,  with a terrific assortment.  Get the players card if you don't already have one. The discounts very but it's worth something toward a  better priced  buffet.
one word AMAZING.  If you haven't tried this place, it is a must.  My husband and I came, the portions are over-sized , so 2 people can enjoy 1 meal.  I had the bacon waffle...so yummy!!!
Fantastic!  Amazing food and service.  We had the lasagna, pasta all'amatriciana, chicken picatta, Caesar salad and tiramisu. Truly authentic dishes.  The waiter was friendly and warm.  We will definitely be back!
the absolute BEST mexican food in the area! always come here when i land its a must! every other place you have to be careful about, this place 100% authentic! AMAZING GREAT yumm!!
Walked in with a broken phone, 20 minutes later walked out with a working phone. My screen was completely shattered, and wouldn't respond to my touch. It was replaced and working perfectly in no time and the price was very reasonable! So happy
ok.. great place for late night or lunch! food was delicious and service was great. Very new american and lil fusion. We ordered like 6 plates for 2 ppl, so was extremely full, but did finish most of the food haha
Heard about this restaurant from a friend and I was amaze by the food and their friendly service. I tried the chicken adobo and it was amazing! The chicken came apart with no effort and it had a great honey glazed taste. The portions were a good amount for their low prices. I couldn't  get enough of their amazing dessert!
Drove an hour to get there based on advice from friends. Totally worth it, food was exceptional, and the macaroons are amazing. Make sure you get some to go, since you will be dreaming about them later.
Great store. Knowledgeable staff, they have always been able to help me with any questions. I have been happy with all purchases made at Patina.
Traffic angels was extremely helpful.  They got back to me very quickly and handled my traffic ticket efficiently, all through email.  It was painless and for only $25 they helped me immensely.  I would highly recommend them!
This store is one of my favorites, it is laid out so well and we enjoy all the older ladies that work the registers.  They are always so pleasant to work with, but the parking lot is my least favorite.  Everyone is zipping through so fast and there is always someone begging for money.
This terrific cafe serves delicious food in large portions at reasonable prices with great service. The #17 vegetarian platter is a tasty way to taste a bunch of different options.
One of the only restaurants that I actually CRAVE.  I am a forever fan.  The food is great, the service is great, the place is clean and the prices are low for the portion.  If you are looking for some great Mexican and you're in the area, this is the place to go!
I stay at Mgm grand on Nov 30 - Dec 4 ,2014.Our room is Stay Well grand queen.We like Vitamin C infused shower and Air Purification in our room.Bed is very comfy.
Goyemon is my top AYCE sushi place to go to in town. Their sushi is pretty fresh for being in Las Vegas with no ocean and their service is always up to par whenever I go. The only down part about this place is your full party has to be there before they will seat you.
I was there in April 2011- for my uncles birthday celebration... We received quality customer service and of course my meals was delicious :) plus we got memorable picture taken which make memories last forever!!!
Went here on a Thursday night got right in been here a few times usually get the Weiss guy there service is excellent. The pies are about as authentic as Ive seen other than my grandmothers table. Also the atmosphere is quaint and quiet couldn't have been more pleased..
Received A+++ service from Derek Martindale. He was very polite, honest and thorough. Will be using this company again in the future!
Try the samosa...  these are really good!  We got the chicken tikka, and lamb korma meals... both were fantastic.  Definitely a great place that won't disappoint.
Awesome healthy food.  Great smoothies, coffee concoctions and drink remedies.  A little wait time during weekend but all in all 2 thumbs up!
Tartar was fantastic. Red snapper was delicate and flavorful - almost a ceviche flavor. Hanger steak was red and juicy. Also had a sidecar here, which was excellent. Seating is a bit cramped, but overall a great experience.
Never a disappointment at PT's! Especially this one with the nice lounge area in the back and two pool tables. Food comes out fresh and tasty and their pizza's cannot be beat! Especially for $9 on Happy Hour. Definitely my bar of choice!
Just went here for the 1st time today! Best chimi I have ever had! Authentic Mexican food! Loved it!!! We will be regulars for sure!
I have never tasted such wonderful food in my life.  The name speaks for itself.  Just like my mother used to make.  I am very much deeply grateful to have such a wonderful restaurant so close to my home.  Fantastic, hearty and delicious comfort food, good prices, friendly, professional telephone staff and fast delivery.
Great, Authentic Mexican food.  Found this place on Yelp and it was great!  Home cooked food with home/family feeling.  Would have never stopped at this place just by looking at the outside.  Well worth it
It was everything we hoped for - spicy curry,rich complex  rendang and spicy fishy green beans with blanchan. Going back now for Nasi lemak Hope it's good
One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  Been coming here for more than 15 years.  Love the duck noodles!!\nBest long island ice tea in Vegas!
Can you say delicious!? Service was good. Food was amazing.  Loved the atmosphere ! Who doesn't ? It's Vegas!!!!!
This is the best 24 HF I have been to in AZ. Very clean, great equipment and plenty of space. The volume of \"lockers with free locks\" is great. This gym can get crowded when the afternoon / evening crowd arrives (5PM - 7PM).
Xavier is the best barber always cuts me up real nice and has great styles for me. Place has great ambiance so friendly and u feel right at home. Makes me look forward to my weekly hair cuts :)
Great haircuts time after time for a good price. Old school craftmanship. They have TV monitors all around the barber shop to watch while you wait. An excellent experience.
I love Dr. Craig - the staff here is amazing, friendly, helpful and caring. Always willing to answer your questions. Dr. Craig explained all options to me and gave it to me straight, and now I have a child! He never gave up! Thanks Dr. Craig to you and your amazing staff!
Very relaxed, dog friendly caf\u00e9 in Leith. Great breakfast place (try their scrambled eggs!), and a nice quiet place to read a book or get some work done.
Wonderful, friendly service and excellent buffet!  They have a dinner buffet as well, which is a pleasant surprise since most Indian restaurants only have lunch buffets.  Authentic and homemade, food is great!!! And, best Naan bread . Open holidays too!!!
Had the spicy cheese fries and they where awesome. The burger was excellent as well. Went on Halloween night and the waitress was amazing among the chaos.
Great hiking and gorgeous views. Very safe area as long as you stay on the trail. It just doesn't get any better than this!
My husband and I have found our new favorite restaurant!  Everything, from the extensive wine list to the homemade (by owner Josephine Billelo) Tiramasu was outstanding.  We have company coming in the next month and cannot wait to share this amazing Italian restaurant!!!
Great spot. Great coffee. The only thing that could make Sambalatte better is if there were a Henderson location. :-d
Nice Nursery, Fantastic Bonsai!  For Charlotte these are the Bonsai and Orchid Specialists!  You can find Bonsai Works of Living Art!\n\nBonsai: Tools, Wire, Potting Mixture, Containers and  Beautiful Trees in Dishes Ready to go!  Helpful staff too!
Went in solely for the French Onion soup and it did not disappoint. It was absolute perfection and everything you would want from a French onion soup. I sat at the bar on a snowy afternoon and it was wonderful. Will definitely be back to test out the rest of the menu when I am back in town.
Great food, exactly as expected because of other people reviews. Very tasty! Great lentil soup and salad, pasta was delicious, fish and chips just good...
Best place for a burger. The seasonal beers are always delicious. I can't stop eating the fries... all you can eat?! Awesome!
This ones hands down one of the best meals ive ever had!! Best service I've ever had and worth every dollar we paid! If you me in Vegas you HAVE to go here!
Great place for cheapie food that tastes great! Not overly greasy and the beef tacos tastes authentic to homemade Mexican food.
This has to be the friendliest pizza place around.  The owner knew everyone's name and never forgot.  The pizza was outstanding and we will most definitely be back.  I would give them 100 stars if I could.
My girlfriend was in from Canada, so I took her to Mill Ave...we hit a lot of places, but this was by far the best. Awesome staff and selections!
Friendly staff and I come here for the $5 gyro sandwich lunch special. Someone else ordered meatball and pasta and has been very content.
Nicest Walmart ever!  The Pharmacy is fabulous - clerks are all really friendly.  The pharmacists are friendly and knowledgable.  Sometimes the wait is a little long but it is worth it because of the amount of money you save.
Summer Sangria... Delicious!! Peanut Butter & Banana stuffed French toast... To die for!! 3 big TV's in the bar area... If I lived closer, I'd be here all the time.
Had the pho with beef balls and rare steak. It was by far the best I've ever had!! The broth and meat was so delicious and all the food came out immediately. Definately coming back here all the time. I reccomend this place to anyone and everyone.
Perfect ambiance and outdoor seating.  String quartet music during lunch (radio) and beautiful outdoor patio, shaded.  Food/service was excellent and resonably priced.  I was impressed with the multitude of chicken sandwiches available.  The location sits along side a park with artwork worth viewing.
Thank you so much for taking care of my dog she is the love of my life. And when she is not feeling well I am not either. you are the best for being open Saturdays and Sundays and always being kind thank you for your kind staff also.
I try to stop by everytime I am at the mall...I always find SOMETHING to buy and someone very helpful that works there.  That's hard to say at most places.  I love Lush!
Food is always fantastic, my favorite is the Ahi appetizer.  They start it when I walk in the door. Bartenders are Sexy, and all of the staff is very friendly. Great for lunch or dinner!
I didn't see the whole museum but what I did see was really nice. Beautifully laid and and the staff is friendly. Very knowledgeable
This is our 4th time eating here and it has not disappointed. The restaurant is an authentic Indian setting, the service is great and the food is really delicious. We will continue to come here for our Indian food cravings.
Bella Voi is now my new salon! I've been to several salons in Surprise and haven't been satisfied like I was with Athena! She's awesome and knows what she's going. Her prices are very decent. I highly recommend her!!
My roommate and I were craving chinese take out, and we had no idea where to go! We found chopstix on yelp, and decided to try it. Wow!! You get so much food for such a cheap price! The value is great, and the food is excellent! I will definitely be going back!
Came here during vacation and thought of trying it out. The portions are really big and reasonable pricing. The food is made from scratch and was DELICIOUS!!! DEFINITELY recommend this place
Amazing food! Savannah burger, the bunker hill sandwich and meatball sub all very good and exceeded expectations. I will be coming back!!!
Love the Tsoynamis and excited they are downtown! Beautiful cupcakes, cookies, vegan twinkies! I can't wait for the vegan caramel apples. Mmmmmm
Delicious food, Great service. \n\nI had the Saturday night special: red chile ribs with green chile mashed potatoes and chopped veggies called calabacitas.\n\nJust spicy enough.  And they have Jamaica drink at the soda bar!!
Absolutely my new favorite place! Just had my bridal shower there! Matthew was  great and also was Kimberly!!! Outstanding service! Exceeded my expectations!! Food was also out of the world!! Everyone was so pleased and they were beyond accommodating! Thanks guys! You're the best!!
OMG! is all have to say, Went on a Thrusday for dinner, they had all I needed and wanted! Oysters on a shell. Peeled fresh Shrimp, Variety of delicious soups, Scallops!. Desert were AMAZING!!!! = ]
The BEST Korean bbq I have ever had, this place is absolutely my favorite. Side dishes are good and so are the meat options. I usually get the bulgogi and the spicy pork.
AMAZING beer selection!!!  Wednesday nights is trivia nights, so much fun!  Crowd varies from college kids to older locals, depending on time of day.  Very hometown atmosphere.  Staff is very friendly. I always come here when i can't decide on a place to go.
Amazing!! Had the pork fusion burrito which is huge and fusion beef taco, chips n salsa, the wife had two tacos and a sope, and 2 bottled beverages for under 18 bucks. The value is just part of it, the flavor is outta this world.
Love this place! Great service, great drinks and great location. My husband and I can't stand Starbucks due to their horrible fake coffee drinks. Coffee bean makes their espresso drinks the old fashion way and you can actually taste the caffeine! Plus they know our drink order and we only come on the weekends. We love it!
Still five all around now all my dogs have sweaters lol and still the best clothes for me!!!! They have everything and such steals go check it out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Delicious lemonade and reasonably priced! My boyfriend took me here for lunch! The chicken was juicy and delicious! We're definitely coming back!
Very entertaining show for kids and adults alike. Great magic show and funny interaction with the audience. Definitely must if you're in Vegas and want to spend quality time with the family and not with the card dealers! :)
Amazing. Fantastic food. Awesome classic decor. Old school vegas. Try the caeser salad - made at the table.
I used Sin City Smokers for a last min catering company for a party we where getting ready to host,and boy did they knock it out of the park. Not only was the communication on point,but the food was amazing! I would highly recommend using them for any events you have coming up!  Thanks Steve and crew for your awesome service!
G&S does an excellent job on our building! Kevin is very professional and accommodating. They have the best price too. I recommend G&S for ur business and home. A+++++++++
I really have nothing new to add, everything is really really great. The new menu is wonderful the desserts are great. I have yet to have something bad to say.. accept they dont have one in LA
I only go here to buy carne asada.  It's not as salty as Cardenas meat.  Fast in and out.  Buy some green onions for the grill too...
This place is fantastic. The food, the service, the location right in front of the Bellagio fountains. I cannnot reccomend it enough.
This place is great for breakfast! Chicken fried steak was perfect, service was prompt and friendly and the prices were reasonable. You can't go wrong with the $3 bloody mary's either!
I highly recommend the groomers who work here. workers and the owner are really caring. I've been a long time customer of this store because of their groomer and really great customer service.
My favorite Thai food in Las Vegas, the food is fresh and the flavors are explosive. My favorite dishes are the Phad Thai, spicy egg plant with ground chicken, spicy catfish, pork larb, etc, etc.  I have tried all the other top Thai places in Vegas such as lotus but I prefer the food here
They have a lot of options from natural to glam. I haven't been disappointed. I've been to other lash salons but this one has always been on point and my lashes always turn out beautifully. The best is waking up with them! Both their locations (Garden Grove, CA) are great.
Great place not far from the strip that has great value. Two for $20 is a smoking good deal as well as a decent happy hour. Way way cheaper than anything you'll find on the strip. Friendly staff from the host to the manager made this a very enjoyable experience.
A absolute excellent outdoor adventure for all skill level climbers! Brings lots of water and make you where plenty of sun screen. Careful with small children it does become challenging at the top. Either side present a valid challenge depending what you are looking for.
I picked up bagels for work this morning and the reviews are great!  \"The best bagel I have ever had\" was one comment.
I wanted to say the staff and Dr. Martins are the top of their field!  I would trust them any day with my four legged babies!!!  Gismo and Lady love them all!
Oh Yes! Had some yummy yummy samples of wine and wonderful service from our server!  The food went perfectly with the wine pairings because the dishes weren't overdone.  This way the wine remained \"the standout\".  The ambience is very \"grown & sexy\".  REPEAT!
The service is great.   The chips and salsa are an amazing meal alone.  Our food was spot on as usual.  Thank god we are 5 minutes from such a place.
Yumm, yumm, yumm! Super good, quick and did I say yummy! The staff was very nice and made a great sami!\nI am out this way once a month or so, I will be back..\nCongratulations on you awesome eatery Lady Luck!
I love this place. It's open 7 days a week and open late at night. Great deals on food and the best ramen in Vegas.
Carlos The Tacoman kills this spot.. Probably the best taco shop on the southwest side of town.. And it's in a gas station!!!
These ladies are so welcoming and fantastic at what they do!  \nI needed a dress altered fast!  There was a last minute wedding planned and they executed my dream dress perfectly!\n\nSuper plus is they keep the dressing room warm :)
Loved this restaurant! Loved the decor the food the service. Patio dining was superb. Can't wait to come back to see the belly dancers. And the owner is the best.
Authentic, delicious, and they gave us samples of all of their meat! The spicy ones were incredible PLUS they had tons of salsas, delicious lime-y rice, and warm tortillas. Fantastic joint!
Nobody wants to be doing business at a body shop for the most part but these folks make it a pleasure. You get text updates on the status of your vehicle and they work with insurance to make the process painless. Don't hesitate to get your work done here if your car gets a boo-boo
Silly me! Out wandering around at the Fashion Show Mall and decide to grab a hot dog on a stick. Delightful! The young gentleman behind the counter was polite, courteous, friendly and made the perfect lunch for me. Also, the lemonade really hit the spot!\nHur-raw for Hot Dog On A Stick!
This has become a place I visit weekly for lunch. They have updated their POS system, so splitting checks is no problem. They do have the most amazing tortilla chips, my mouth is watering thinking about it. Best mexican food in this area! om nom nom nom.
I have been taking my vehicles to Terry for years. Even though I live in Queen Creek I go take them all the way into Phoenix because I trust Terry and he has always been good to us. If you need a fair mechanic you can trust, take your car to Terry's.
Really great Thai food with amazing prices! My favorites are the Pad Kee Mao and the Golden Fried Thai Rice! The place is small and feels like you're in their home! I'd definitely recommend it to everyone!
Fantastic. Drive by all the time and never stopped. Decided to try today. That is some real good food. Highly recommend!
Yummy!  Fresh and quick!  Was so good and quick service loved that I could take my whole family and we could just be in and out. Will definitely go again
Bacon infused makers mark for breakfast. That deserves high fives all around. Taylor ham. ..  For a jersey boy, sold. Shortrib benny,  crispy corned beef...  Maybe just my staycation love of cosmo, brunch, off shopping, cochon soon...
Wow what an amazing cafe!!  An absolute hidden gem.  The pastries and fresh baked muffins are insane, it was like being in France.  The staff is courteous and the food is more flavorful than a 5 star restaurant.  The owner this place should be very proud.
An Octopus Garden delivered the most beautiful fresh roses that I have ever seen for a huge Women's Conference in Vegas. We appreciate how much Timi supports the Las Vegas community by coming alongside organizations with service that has heart.
Nice selection of Fuente Cigars including some very exclusive lines. Knowledgeable and friendly staff, reasonable, not cheap cigars. Top-of-the-line cigars for the most part. And finally, a very nice lounge. Nice to see a classy cigar-bar to enjoy while my wife shops! A win-win!
We started to use Bark Avenue since it was right next door to our Vet. We have our Australian Shepherds shaved during the hotter months and Kristen has always done a great job. Also the price is very fair and the service is prompt. \n\nI can't recommend her highly enough.
Always good food and great atmosphere.  Victor is one of the best waiters I have ever had- on the ball and genuinely cares about his job.  Highly recommend.
If you believe bread makes a great sandwich, you will want to check out this place. I had the sausage and egg sandwich on 9 grain toasted. You could taste the fresh ingredients that all worked together beautifully. I will be back.
My fianc\u00e9 and I love this place for Indian food.  Nothing else in town compares!  Try the Kashmiri Naan - to die for!
The Gyro meat is incredible!  I have been here multiple times just because of the gyro meat.   i highly recommend this establishment
The staff are friendly and courteous. \nThe store is very clean and it's a non-profit organization.\nI highly recommend this place.
So yummy, chicken fried steak second to none! Grits done equal to my dads specs!!!!! Everything had a distinct excellent taste!  My new Best breakfast place!!!!!
I was a yoga virgin until I started taking pre-natal classes here.  They were really great!  Kristin was an excellent teacher and I felt that the prices were pretty good.  They have a website: www.yogadosha.com and it lists their class schedules.
Amazing vegan food! The owner is sooooo nice and the food is incredible!! You need to try the pumpkin coconut curry soup! Amazing! They also have acoustic shows and open mic nights on Wed at 8pm, theatre Thursdays at 7pm... So much culture and amazing energy! Love the vibe!
Got chicken chimi ... so good.. so much food. Have come here multiple times . Everything is always great.  Family owned and operated.  Great people.
Top notch. Excellent food, excellent service. Try the ribeye, jalape\u00f1o mash potatoes, steaks are amazing!
Great selection of flavors, great selection of toppings, friendly service, and close to home...yep, five stars for me!
This is a really great salon for the price range.  All the girls were welcoming & fun.  The place was clean & I just walked right in.  Cindy did a great gel mani.  Exactly what I wanted & it's been hard to find a place in Phoenix!
We brought some guests here from Switzerland and one of them said it was the best crepe she ever had. I'm inclined to agree. \n\nI'm working my way through the entire menu and I've loved them all. Go with something sweet or savory; you won't be disappointed.
Great place. Never have had an issue with mailing anything from here. Prices are cheaper than the competition. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who needs to mail anything.
I love pink box! But I wish they didn't run out of donuts so quickly. They definitely need to restock throughout the day.
Awesome! Great home cooked food. The watermelon salad with pickled rind and goats cheese is a gluten free DELIGHT!
Every review I have read is right on!  I had no idea what I was getting into when I stepped foot into this little family owned deli.  Old school - quality meats, great sandwiches.  The sandwiches feed two people for $8.  All I have to say is if you don't try it you are just straight foolish!!
The best Sangria in all the land!  Fabulous place to chill and have a drink cocktail!  Great view of the fountains!!!
Staff was very upbeat, knowledgeable and helpful. Every time I come to LV I will stop by just because of the great customer service!
The office of Dr. Kopolow for your eye exams w/i Lenscrafters is outstanding. I have been going there for years. \nLenscrafters is very good too and I like that I have the option of changing my glasses w/i 90 days if I am not satisfied. Great service.
Amazing deep fried skewers and authentic Japanese dishes cooked to perfection.\nAtmosphere is nice and comfortable, feels like home. Must try
Just got a birdie. This course is great to play. Fun atmosphere. Some folks are friendly to even want to join up and play as a group
I like this place alot.. Me and my boyfriend go alot to watch football games on sundays. Great tv set ups. Food isnt bad. Service is good. Nice place near my house. Only thing is booths are not that comfortable and i have a bad back.
This place was amazing and had amazing food! The prices were great and the service was wonderful. Everything is served beautifully and I really enjoyed my meal! I will be coming here again!
Excellent service, extremely polite employees, pricing very reasonable. Had the car checked out and tuned up before a cross country move and they got me on my way quickly. Definitely would recommend to friends and family
alot of good times will be had here. the staff is chill. the drinks are good. sit down by the fireplace and argue about pop culture with your friends.
I'm from Seattle but in Charlotte for 5 weeks.  Needing a haircut, I consulted yelp and found Brewington's.  It reminds me of my favorite barber back home.  Quick, great cut, welcoming and a good value.  5 stars!!
I've been taking my dogs here for years. The staff is very friendly and they always do a good job. They are kind to my pets and I recommend them to others often.
Had the Try 2 Combo. Mango berry salad and turkey with cranberry sandwich. The food is fresh and delicious! Great place to eat during Arizona summer. Wish I would have eaten here sooner
I got the patty melt and a   Malibu low rider. With a  souvenir mug very yummy and fruity. My husband had the BBQ chicken. Both were delicious. It's fun to sit outside and enjoy the strip. Service was good if a little slow, but it makes you sit back and people watch.
Absolutely love this body shop.  We took our 2008 Mercedes in for repair after I was hit at the U of A.  Not only did they do an amazing job fixing the car they fixed other minor damage as well and the car looks brand new.
What a wonderful place!  We had the BESTfood.  Started with the best chicken marsala (Rocky Marsala) and the Crabmeat Delight Stuffed Mushroom.  Incredible!  And server Angie was a delight!\nWill be back again soon.  Love this place.
Yummy! Fish is fresh, creative sushi and a wide variety. It's always packed which means the turnover of ingredients is often, fresh.\nTry the Gail Special, Washington Roll and Apple Roll (rolled with fresh green apple (truly unique and crisp clean taste). I will go back again and again.
I really enjoy this place. Every experience I've had here so far has been a great one. The last person I saw was Hannah. She's very sweet and was able to shape and paint my nails exactly how I wanted. Would definitely recommend her if you choose to go.
We love your cookies and your customer service is awesome ! Yvonne is 5 stars and whenever we are in Vegas we go to Honolulu cookie company.
Awesome food and pho. Try the grilled pork sandwich.  You won't be disappointed. I eat here every week and I live pretty far from here.
We often joke at work calling their tomato soup pizza soup.  It is the best soup in the history of mankind.  It's like they walked across the street picked up a Venezia's pizza a pur\u00e9ed it.  It is fantastic.  The gyro sandwich is great too.
I stayed at the Venetian Hotel with my girls and we ate breakfast at this restaurant about 3 times.  We love it.  The food is so good and the atmosphere is cool.
Like this steak house a lot \nNever had a bad meal. Reasonably priced. \nGood variety of bread. Quality drinks. Great steaks. French onion soup and lobster bisque outstanding. Reservation needed on weekends.
You can't go wrong when you can get comfort food and Southern hospitality until midnight. Chicken, waffles, grits, greens, corn bread? Yes, please; all of the above plus some purple drink, too!\n\nI'd avoid the early weekend mornings when the crows do their walk of shame.
Great food. Love the shredded beef quesadilla. Only negative is that it sometimes takes a while to get your food because it's all made to order, but SO worth the wait.
Yummy kale quinoa salad!  Excellent options, friendly service and delicious.  Did not try the pastries as I'm eating gluten free these days, but they looked really good!
Amazing experience overall. Staff and service was excellent. Ambience was superb. Food was simply amazing. My dad did say the rice was on the salty side. But aside from that the food was on point. The table side salad that comes with every entree is filling and excellent as well.
Love shopping in Vegas! The Palazzo shops are great for everyone.  Just awesome to walk around and check out the decor.  Amazing place.
Go to the BBQ next door to the cafe serving steak. The whole rack of BACK RIB is just PERFECTION. Better than many much more expensive restaurants!!
Finally found a Vietnamese restaurant that is clean and has great food. Great pho and spring/egg rolls combo. Will definitely be coming back.
The hubs and I were there for a Friday evening dinner. Ashley was our waitress and was training a new person, they were both very enjoyable and the meal was excellent...I have only been there a couple of times and it has always been good food as well as good service!
What a great box!  Dropped in for the day, and immediately felt at home.  Everyone introduced themselves, and Leo did a great job of pushing me during the WOD.  I'd go back any time in Phoenix.
I manage two office buildings and a small apartment complex and Avid is now my go-to locksmith. Courteous, efficient, with clear and honest pricing (unlike the last several locksmiths we've used!).  \n\nHighly recommend Zach.
Everybody loves Daily Does!  The lines say that every Saturday and Sunday morning.  The food is much more fresh than any breakfast joint I have been to.  It's in a great spot in Old Town too!  Also, their pretzel buns...LOVE.
Cancel your trip back to New England, all the great clams you need are right here in Vegas. Joe and his staff are most wonderful as well. Just like home...
Our waitress was awesome, we tried the special (chili con carne burrito) after she explained what was in it, it sounded awesome, and it was. Service was prompt and everything including their new habanero hot sauce was full of flavor and delicious. \n\nWe will be back
Shelley's coconut pie is to die for. In fact I have never had anything that wasn't top notch. Plus Shelley is a joy to talk to.
KILLER STADIUM!!!\n\nGreat fans, even to me a 49ers fan. The setting s cool, you can see downtown out the end zone. There are bathrooms every where and great stadium food!!\n\nI loved this place!!
Brilliant - Server Scott was all over us! Fresh made pasta - ambiance perfect. Would go back again and again! Thank Chef, Scott and staff! I hope the translation is correct, That was Wonderful! Che \u00e8 stato meraviglioso!!!
I'm surprised at some of the negative reviews.  I've been to Il Vinaio several times for the weekend champagne brunch, lunch, & dinner.  The food & service have always been excellent.  I try to bring others with me regularly....they are equally impressed.  Keep up the good work, Il Vinaio!
The food is amazing here!!! The service is top notch as well as the food quality! I have been to plenty of Mexican food places, but I have to say that this has got to be the best place I have been too in a long long time. I definitely recommend anyone to come here and eat!
Went here for some karaoke on Sat night and I couldn't have been more happy.  It was just the kind of dive bar I like with the right mix of people who all love and appreciate karaoke.
Awesome job but call them for pricing before you buy a groupon as it turns out prices are cheaper to go direct to store.
Food is awesome, Love the Sparkiling Pomegranite!! Will be back just for that. Also the manager stooped by our table and said hello, Nice touch Danielle. Thank You for the outstanding experience. We Will be Back
Absolutely pleased with this company's labor. Definitely went above and beyond to meet my expectations. My car looks flawless like if nothing ever happened. Friendly staff and constantly call you to update you on the status of your car. Thank metropolitan bodyshop! And thanks for getting the racing stripe done!
one of the BEST MEALS i've had was here! mussels.. steak frites... chocolate pudding... TO DIE FOR!
This is wonderful neighborhood salon, they specialize in cuts, color and extensions-(ask for Davyo). You won't be disappointed!
I stop in often to pick up things for craft projects. The people are always friendly and I can almost always find what I need. Often times for less than the big box craft stores. I grew up going to this store and love the location. Easy to stop in and pick up a few things. Love it here!
it really is mind boggoling how he does some of those things, are they set up tricks or whaaaat? anyways, he was fairly funny and a great host. I'll definitely need to come back with some other friends.
The chicken fingers are awesome.  Combine it with the dipping sauce and you are good to go.
When I needed insurance for my photography studio I called on Steve Miller. Even though he personally was not able to help me he was very professional and found me another agent and insurance company to work with. Steve is fast, efficient and very reliable! Thanks Steve! -- Wayne Wallace Photography
I called Casey to clean my green pool I thought he was going to tell me we had to drain it but that was not the case he had the pool looking amazing in about 4 visits and it has look better then it ever has in the year I have lived here will continue you use bee clean pool and will recommend to everyone I know that gas a pool
LOVE this place.  Prices are cheap-- and quality is high.  They load each sandwich with tons of meat and I love their special herb mix.  The staff is really nice and always good about remembering the names of their regulars :)   I find myself eating here several times a week!
BESTEST PLACE EVER!!! The owner is very good looking!.....(Michelle don't kill me) ;) ;)
Some of the best Pho I've had at restaurant. Plus the price. This place is a gold mine of awesomeness. \n\nI was sick and in town for business. I found this place on Yelp. Got me some green tea and Pho. Felt better.
Great spot for any occasion- especially Sunday brunch.  Pimento cheese grits were my favorite.  Great focus on local farms and ingredients.  Best new spot in the area!
Great atmosphere and food  awsome selection of cocktails.  Daniel is an awsome server
This place is bomb.  Everything is so fresh and the prices are decent. It's my favorite burger spot. They grind their own meat and make their own buns.  You must try the terlingua burger and the green chile fries!  You will probably want to wear your pants with the elastic waistband when you go.
Coming into Vegas, I researched a ton to make sure I get to the best places. Realized that the portion sizes were huge! So me and my mom split the benedict with rosemary chicken, It was awesome! Great cocoa too!
Had a small RV project done at the shop, on time and on budget. Is this really a Vegas paint shop?? Highly recommended.\nMike
Great bottle shop on the south end. Plenty to choose from.
Very good Hotel.. Food tasted really nice.. They have a $50 gift card for $40 that you may possibly use immediately if you bought this before seating. Also, they may give you 15% of if you are group of 5 or more..
Great place for custard!  Coming from the Midwest nothing in the Vegas area seemed that good, except for Mr.D's, highly recommend.
Great coffee, lovely food and a relaxed pleasant atmosphere.  This is a gem of a cafe.
So happy this place is less then 1.5 miles from me!!!! One of the BEST spots in town, with incredible food and super friendly and knowledgable staff!!!! Great job guys!!!!!!!!!
I got my car valet parked, and it was fast and the valet guy, Dominic I think his name was, was awesome, great customer service!
Jenny hooks it up! Does my lashes beautifully! It was hard finding someone when I first came from Cali. I have plenty of horror stories from salons out here! Jenny is a pleasure and always quick and precise.....would recommend her to any lash diva! All her over services are great too, lol.
Oooooooooooo the best ever. I rarely write reviews.... But this a MUST!!!\nFood amazing... service top notch!!! Thank you Juan!!! We will be soooo back.
We just recently bought a deal through our AAA membership to have our chimney swept through this company. They were great! No mess, and no hassles. The experience was positive and the work was done efficiently. I will definitely use this business again for future cleanings!
I love this hotel so much! Comfortable, clean, quiet, and just a short walk from the strip. You can't beat the spacious suites with full kitchens and a comfy sofa!
I go here regularly because the burgers are so good.  The Fez burger is one of the best tasting burgers I've ever had and the taste is consistent.  Sweet potato fries are also awesome, I just dont like dropping another $3 for them on top of the $12 burger.
I'm a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay and have wanted to eat at one of his restaurants forever. Let me tell you, it was well worth the wait! We had his famous beef wellington, which was to die for! The atmosphere was awesome, servers and waiters were incredibly nice and informative. I can't wait to go back!
We have ate here two years in a row while working in town. It was pretty good. Lots of different beer choices.  Had the pork sandwich and pizza.  Both were good.  Seating is kind of rough it you have more than 4.
best bbq ever been there a few times and its amazing especially there sauce
Really delicious! I've been looking for some Indian food for awhile and decided to try this place out. Definitely going to have to become a regular. I got the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was the best I've had. as well as the naan, which was also excellent! A must go for sure!
I went to have lunch here today and they were closed. Einstein's next door said Saladworks closed their doors on Friday for business. Very unfortunate they made delicious salads!
Good food at a good price
Perhaps the best night time view of the strip without a cover.  The delicious cocktails were around $18 each (in line with Vegas prices), and you get the added bonus of an upscale lounge with comfy seating, no crowded chaos, and that gorgeous view!  If you like St. Germain I highly recommend the Elderflower Smash.
Delicious, creative, unexpected, unique!\nI will make sure I stop here every time I'm in the area!
My favorite tacos ever are here. If I could only one thing for the rest of my life it would be the Pastor from Tacos El Gordo. I especially love the Pastor fries.
Went to Wynn with my wife and it was excellent.  Very friendly staff and excellent amenities/facility.
Amazing friendly service and great food!
The employees are super sweet and the strawberry poppy seed salad is amaazzzing.
The only thing I tried was the fried mars bar, but that alone is worth a five star rating. Do not leave Edinburgh without trying one of these! They were reasonably priced and melt in your mouth. It's a cute place and wasn't to busy when I visited. It's in a good area and is totally worth it!
My go to place for Mexican food. Chimichangas, enchiladas and menudo are my favorites . Big portions , decent price.
O my gosh amazing food. Service awesome,  huge portions very great prices!!! We will be back!!
Still the most consistent, affordable, quality, authentic Chinese food in town.  Call ahead for a reservation if you're going to dine during busy hours.. Oh and don't forget about the awesome lunch deals they have Monday-Friday!
The burgers and salads are wonderful. Definitely the best fries in town, and you can even order sweet potato fries. Great service, and cozy atmosphere.
I love Thai Basil! Their evil jungle noodle is super good! And I love that they actually make the food mild in request. Some other places seem to make it even hotter when you order mild but Thai Basil is spot on!
We stood in line for about 5 mins. I order the same thing every time I eat here which is a bowl with chicken and carnitas and everything on it. Love it!!
Vegan brownies available here!!! Love this place!!!! Friendly staff. Awesome fresh food. I always get the fish tacos and shrimp salad to split with my husband. Great option for vegetarians and vegans. Bomb!
The best bruschetta ever.\nSo many delicious  flavor combinations.\nMake a meal of it.\nHighly recommended..
It is unfortunate that this is closing, as it is the best fine dining in Madison.   I think that a lot of people don't recognize that they also have a smaller bar area with more affordable options that are excellent as well.
Keeping it short and sweet because it is a Place to get wings. They are delicious. If you're in the mood for wings, highly recommend!! They have a variety of flavored wings & Beer on Tap. Definitely family friendly. A little on the pricy side for wings but definitely worth it!
Love to stop in for the jalapeno poppers, jalapeno burgers and great selection of beer!
i would put more stars if i could...i live and breathe for this place!
Love Love Love this buffet!!!  We have been coming here for the past 3 years for our annual New Year's Eve dinner.  Love it!!!
Hands down the best North Indian food in the valley. Must try for those that like Indian food.
This was some of the best pizza I've had. The crust was perfect. We will be ordering takeout again from here. Delicious pizza and calzone.
Awesome dinner and drinks!! I had great service and the atmosphere/music was wonderful. My server Tyler was excellent and I can't wait to come back!!!
Had a night time strip your in April. It was fantastic although I was abit scared being a first timer in a helicopter. Ground staff were great and pilot was very informative . We purchased a groupon for this tour and it was perfect. Thank you so much 702 helicopters !! Would defo recommend this company !!!!
Jardin Nelson Restaurant is hands down best food in Old Montreal! Everything we tried is simply insane. The sangria is a must!!!!!
Awesome authentic Latin cuisine. Great tortas. Awesome staff. The tacos are good the table side guacamole  was good. Good atmosphere. The margarita section is great too
Great place. Fun, classy environment. Got the cheese tortelini and man, good stuff fo sho. A little on the pricey side, ended up being about $20 per meal, more if you go seafood. \n\nDefinitely recommended.
Friendly, amazing family run Italian deli. Almost everything there is imported. Food is soo good, and the deli, well you can just never decide what to get!! Same amazing quality every time:)
Great quality and super fast turnaround! Thank you, will be back soon!!!
This place was so freaking awesome!!! I don't know why I haven't been here before...but will be there all the time!!! Great start to a night out in Old Town or date night!!!
For a casino steakhouse, and an off-strip one at that, this place is really, really good.  I've gone there with coworkers, with friends, and even alone, and everyone has always enjoyed their meal there.  Hostesses are nice to look at, too. :)
Lenny was amazing!! Fixed my horrible eyelash job from somewhere else. Will be coming back!
My screen was completely cracked on my iphone 5. I went in and about 20 mins later my phone looked brand new! Very satisfied with the service and professionalism!
Big 5 gets five stars....because it is the only place in the valley that I have consistently found Fila shoes for a great price....enough said.
Excellent Place to kill time!
I love this little coffee shop. Amidst all of the commercial coffee places around, this seems down to earth and unassuming.  The barista is always friendly.  I like to support local businesses and would, by far, support Gold Bar than Starbucks located across the parking lot.
What an awesome, quiet center of solitude, easy to walk to from the center of town.
Amazing zucchini sticks! Great service by all, love that my son can have a great breakfast while my fiance can have great burger, while I have an awesome salad!
I love this place and Amy.  Always a quality mani/pedi with flexible appointments.  Beautiful view of Black Mountain.
Best pizza ever. I love how the guys took care of me they did an awesome job. Had the Carni with Calabrian chiles as the base best tasting pie I've ever had
My friends from California always go to bevmo and then a buddy from here in Phoenix told me to go there and get some specialty drinks. I was pretty amazed at the selection.  Including the soda selection. I also buy all my beer mugs there. They have a good amount of drinking glasses to choose from as well
So.... We are really getting in to Mediterranean food.  We found this local eatery and we were very pleased.  The food was flavorful and fresh.  We will be back to try other dishes.
Ice Cream and Kronuts. Whatttt! This place is also new my daughter wanted to check it out the , they give you samples and you can try as many as you want. Place is clean and the atmosphere is pleasant.
Absolutely love this place! For $16 per month I can go through any location whenever I want whenever my car needs cleaning. Its quick and the people who work there couldn't be friendlier! There's a self serve vacuum/detail station as you exit the wash. I would highly recommend clean freak to anyone!!
I love this place! It's where I stop every time I visit Madison. Great subs, great family business.
Yummy food + good looking/friendly staff= happy Chandlor :) needless to say I'll be back!
The Super gyro is just that SUPER!  Place is a small little shop just off the corner of Freemonth and 6th Street.  Calypso teas and lemonades are tasty.  Wanted to try other items on the menu, but the Gyro was just too good to pass up.
I love this store!!! Everyone is happy and kind.
Customer service was top notch! We wanted half of our sandwiches to go and they kept it in the oven so it would be warm while we ate the other half in the store. The chicken teriyaki sandwich tastes just like French onion soup. I've never had such a unique sub!
Looooved getting my booze on here when I was in Vegas last! Really quick and attentive waitresses. Tip them well and they take GREAT care of you!
What a classy Yoga studio right in the heart of (mid) downtown Phoenix!  Wonderful choices of classes all throughout the day (some simultaneously - yes there are two very zen like rooms) and some very challenging and loving instructors. If you try it out you will not be sorry.
Lucca is an extravagant Italian restaurant full of patrons celebrating something or other within its halls.  The service is very attentive and actually knows something about the wine list, a rarity in Pittsburgh.
Good start: the 32\" dos x is $5.99. Fajitas $8.99 authentic looks, service and food,\nLovin it!
As a vegan I discovered this gem! Great Pho with veggi broth and their pepper tofu is to die for! \n\nIf you go there don't forget to order their freshly Limeade...very refreshing!
every little thing in this restaurant was pure perfction. even the little pats of butter and olive spread for the perfectly baked bread was oh so tasty. \n\n\nall the plates were beatifully served.. the staff was courteous and professional. ambiance was wonderfully romantic....
Best Gluten Free Yogurt around- can be found at Zen Zen.  If you want unique flavors and healthy choices then visit Zen Zen Yogurt in Phoenix on Indian School near Pita Jungle.  And they have the BEST Vanilla in town don't forget to sample it.
Great Hotel. The service was wonderful and cleans were extremely clean. I especially like the indoor garden that they change according to the 4 seasons. The buffet was awesome with plenty of choices and the price was just right for what you get in return.
Came in for Father's Day breakfast, service was great. Our server Karen was great, very quick and efficient. Food was great as well!
this review is for last summer experience! \n\nWe stayed 7days at Wynn Tower suite for romantic get away  :) \n\nthis place is most beautiful hotel in las vegas !! \nbest service !
Lisa is absolutely amazing with my dog Sweetie. She makes Sweetie feel very comfortable. When Sweetie comes back she not only looks amazing but she feels amazing.
Great service and Kind people that got the job done! Will be back! :) thanks Sunland
Manpreet aka Manny is awesome. He totally helped us out and fed us soooo much food.....we could hardly move. Awesome food amazing service. A favorite when in Vegas.
Great price for amazing mani/pedi's! Love this salon and service! Definitely stop by and get your nails done
I have been in Phoenix, AZ for a short time now and I must say that the best place I have eaten at is Mi Patio Mexican Restaurant.  Yes, the food is above and beyond what I expected.  Not only is the food worth your time but so is the service.   Fantastic people, fantastic food, go have a fantastic time!
favorite pho in phoenix, i will repeat, favorite.
Yogurtland is where it's at!!
This place is little ways from the strip but the    Food and service are good and prices are reasonable. The steak was tender and the steak on the steak sandwiches was a real steak and tender. A meal on the strip would have been way more than we paid a d may have not been as good. We will be back on our next trip to LV.
Food's great, beer's great, service is great.  Really, what more can you ask?  I'm particularly a fan of the Kilt Lifter and Peach ales, and the fish and chips are spectacular.
Had another great pizza here tonight. Can't wait to you guys get to Chicago! Great service too, Mike at the bar was great.
Best pizza great italian food love \n\n maria and gasper are the best hosts
I hate the freaking sun and that it beats down my house all the time.  Thanks CC, I don't have that problem any more, I have a lower power bill too. Holly crap CC I think I'm in love.
love. love. love this place!!
This place is amazing! The sushi is displayed in a spectacular manner!  The catepillar roll looks so realistic with its cream cheese eye balls :) Fresh and yummy ingredients! Service is great AND there is a DJ in the kitchen too, after 9:00 it's like a club!
This place is awesome! Everything is fresh, including the pasta. My friend and I shaqred a lasagna and a salad, we ended up getting an extra of each to bring home. With the Yelp deal that's aqvailable, it was incredibly cheap. We're going bqck next week.
The first time I had a Lucky Burger it was different and wonderful, I look forward to making it back out there soon.
I ordered flowers from here for my wedding and was pretty specific about what I wanted. Not only were they so nice and helpful, the bouquet came out ever better than I imagined. I couldn't have picked a better company to do business with. Extremely professional, beautiful product, and great customer service!
Great place! Only animal hospital I've been to and won't be looking elsewhere. Staff and vets are friendly and professional. And they really care about you and your pet! They call you for follow-ups and send you reminders for next appointments. Handles my dog very well every time we visit.  Thumbs up!
Must try the premium burger. One of the best burgers I've had. Perfectly cooked to medium rare with smoked bacon, cheddar and saut\u00e9ed shrooms. Waffle fries were amazing as well. Highly recommended if you're in the area!  Great prices as well
This is one of our favorite stores! Green tea kit kats! My kids never miss a chance to come here either. Stuff is a bit over priced but it's easier than going to Chinatown sometimes. The sales people are really nice.
This is the first restaurant that I have been to where I want to try everything on the menu.  I order something different every time. The service is good and the food is amazing!!  One of my favorite breakfast places!
Great Indian restaurant! We tried their unlimited dosa offer and it was real! Andhra Lara dosa was great!
This place is superb. Top notch service, top notch food. Best breakfast place I've been to in the valley. I had grapefruit juice,  chorizo avacado omelette and pancakes. Every item exceeded my expectations. Would recommend this place to anyone.
Been here only a couple of times, but absolutely love this place! Its so unique and different from most other restaurants, and the portion sizes are very big so everything can be shared. Also, its really close to our house, which is very convenient!
Very good. They provide excellent customer service.
This place is awesome! Don't be deterred by the appearance and its location. Great brunch!!! I had the special pork chop and my wife had the Brie grilled cheese. Great service and great food!
Favorite place to see a flic! Love this place! Cozy, very friendly and not crowded!!!!
Great pizza really flavorful first time wish I lived here I would hit them up all the time
Great place to take in the view :)
BY FAR the BEST PIZZA in Vegas! They even managed to maintain great service with 2 four year olds at the table and gave them pizza dough to play with.
Great tasting food with friendly service, that's such a great combination for a fast food place.
I came here for breakfast with my fiance and we both love this place!!! I have the nuttella crepe and fruit.  I will come back to this place again when I visit Las Vegas :-)
A very neat place to eat and find good local produce and little dining spots. Had the best pizza & coffee ever. :)
As good as everyone says.  I would take my Gramma without blinking.  The men were very respectful as well as hot.  Worth every penny.
The gravy fries are mind blowing.  Get them!  The burgers are fantastic and the shirt rib dip was beyond amazing.  Our server Was great too!
I'm updating my original review after finally speaking with the management. My original assessment of Jackie semanis unchanged; tremendous. I want to thank the management for accomodating my issue.
This is one of my favorite places to eat! I love the food and atmosphere! Friendly staff...and great ethnic food!
Picture making love to Vanessa Williams when she was 26 years old.  That is what eating the food there is like.  YOU HAVE TO GO THERE AT LEAST ONCE.
The most amazing show. Great people, new innovative products, and vendors that are friendly. Clif bar throws cool parties. Customer service is wonderful. Terry is great she helped us get our gala tickets back even though we cancelled them by mistake. Give her a bonus!! All together great show for any retailer. Thanks guys!!
Love this place! Get there early or be prepared to wait. It's small, so seating is limited but it's worth the wait. I have never had anything bad there, and the service is always great! We go every couple of weeks, it's the only place we go for breakfast!
Delicious! Went for brunch and it was lovely. Great atmosphere and great food. Bottomless mimosas and bloody marys for $12.00. I had the French Toast and it was amazing!
Charged 2.50 for delivery , food was made with fresh ingredients, slight mis step in communication of weather to hold the onions or not.  Pad won seen was excellent!  Eat here!
My wife and I come here every week, get the same waitress (Vicki, who is awesome!) And the same gyro omelet every time. This is the type of cafe that knows your name and you can count on the same great experience every time! Absolutely recommend! Ask for Vicki, she is wonderful!
It's a good smoke shop the first time there I picked up 12 sticks for myself and a box for my brother in law, then a mix box of Cohiba and MonteCristo and will be back in September for another box. No complaints here just aging them in my humidor and smoking on special occasions and when in the mood.Thanks Miguel
Great service!  Will definitely go back again.
Delectable,  reasonable, very good service. \nExtensive menu is kindly explained for a westerner.
We had the Chicken Pad Thai and Thai Fried Rice and it was AMAZING! We've tried several different Thai restaurants, and this one is close to the best! Customer service was exceptional and best part about it, there's a drive through for pick-up orders!
Who doesn't love Fat Tuesdays?! lol..When you're in Vegas, you HAVE to give this place a try or else your trip would not be complete:)
Best decision you'll ever make, I went to the gum for a year before I started here and now I will never go back. The coaches are amazing and so helpful. This place is like the family you wish you had. Plus you get to start to look bad ass!!
I love this place. Not your typical breakfast. You have to go in knowing that you may or may not get a seat, you will probably wait in line, but the waffles are amazing. I don't do coffee, but the hot chocolate and a naked waffle on a cold morning sure hits the spot.
Love the crablegs cheese cake is really awesome too.
Nota Bene stocks unique products and the store owner is simply amazing. He knows all his products well, travels everywhere to find more interesting things to bring back and helps out the Montreal art community with his upstairs gallery.\n\nCheck it out and support a great local business!
Definitely the best BBQ that I've had in Arizona. Will be going back for sure.
We love this little boutique grocery. Extremely friendly staff and the selection is very good for a store of its size.\n\nFresh vegetables, unique canned goods and a ton of other hard to get Japanese items make this place worth visiting.
Lulu is a \"must visit\" restaurant in Charlotte. Even though it's way across town from me, I try to visit often. This time, I ordered and really enjoyed their lamb lintel soup. I am a soup maker myself and this was some of the best soup I've tasted. Wonderful!
Located in the back of the casino floor (right side) is this Starbucks.  The staff are friendly and helpful.  My husband and I got our coffee fix here and it was perfect!\n\nNext time I come to Luxor, I will come here for sure!
Great coffee and the WiFi works great. They have plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. I enjoy the music they play here too.
Average QT had to come here since the one on 99th the chase ATM was not working
i don't know how many times i've been to vegas, but my most recent trip there was the first time I actually watched the fountains of bellagio and LOVED IT!!! It just seems to put that smile on your face, no matter how tired or hungover you may be :)
Dr Raissi is the best. He took care of my achilles tear and was fantastic. I also recommend Dr Miao for anything above the knee. Both are great Dr's and are very nice.
Service is always slow but the food is super good.  Trust me I've tried a lot of Greek places and this is by far the best flavor and value.  Their combos come with \"Greek Fries\" which is just feta but it adds to the whole meal.  They also have free soups in the eating area!
Dr. Rusick is an excellent chiroprator.  His staff is professional, his office is always clean, and best of all I always feel better after an adjustment.  I love to stay active and tend to put a lot of stress on my body.  Dr. Rusick helps keeps me feeling strong and active even through my pregnancies!
This was soooooo good! It was by far my favorite meal in Vegas. I enjoyed everything I tasted--the garlic knots, calamari, salad, and cappelini pomodoro. What a lovely meal! I'll definitely make a point to go back here if I'm ever in Vegas again.
I love truvape all the people there are nice and so help full. This is my new vape shop for sure.
Awesome food and really good service! Average prices but the portions are HUGE! Will definitely be going there again!
Love this place. The bruschetta is awesome
Absolutely incredible. Very nice server and felt welcome with kids. Food is outstanding.
I've been here give times since I landed in Vegas but my phone was always dead .. Lol I love this place their veggie pho is to die for .. Always a wait to be seated but well worth it
Linda was awesome!  Plan to make her my go to girl for nails while Im in town!
Andy's took amazing care of my vehicle.  From detailed auto body work, fair estimates to sensitivity for how long I had a rental vehicle, Tim and his team of technicians went above and beyond!  Highly recommend!!
Down-home live music dive that's family owned and offers a great value for the money. Cheap drinks, good food, no cover (usually). Opens at 6 am most days. Get over here.
Boy are the other reviews right on!\nI went to the lake pleasant store for a new helmet, was met by Jeff.\nHe asked about my riding habits, and recommended a less expensive \nThan I thought I wanted.  Thinking about the customer first not profit first. WOW!
This place is amazing! The vibe was great! Staff was super helpful and nice. I didn't know there were that many types of champagne! Wow is an understatement. I cant get over the artwork on the walls. Definitely my kind of joint.
$3.75....steak and eggs...can't beat that from midnight -0600
This place is great, their food is definitley meditteranean style, and their service is great. I would recommend the Beef Shawerma over the Gyro, if your looking for good falafel this is the place and my God the Chicken platter..YUMMY!
By far my favorite downtown coffee spot. I head here right after all my photoshoots. The crepes are fantastic and they have the best Scones I've ever had! I'm always meeting nice people and having great conversations. If you love the classic coffee shop feel then this is the place to be!
Yusho is absolutely wonderful! I cannot even begin to tell you how wonderful the staff and food are. The duck in particular is fantastic. While it's a little difficult to get to, it's entirely worth it once you're in the restaurant.
Best Vegas Fast Food Of Life.\n\nthe end.
We absolutely love Mesa Grill!  The food and service are excellent.   We've eaten there for dinner, but love the lunch menu so much we keep going back for lunch!    I always try to order something different and it's always great.
This is our first time here, first timers from Honolulu, holy shit this is some damn good food.  Small and home place with good people great staff and most importantly cooks that can cook.  Tara our waitress funny and professional. \n\nWe will be back
Paper Skyscraper is a fantastic and fun store. They have a little bit of everything. Everyone that works there are always so helpful and nice. This is a store that when my friends come from out of town, we always take them to shop here. Everyone loves it!
What a great place.  I purchased this years Valentines gifts here.   Diva\"s mix was my favorite and the Chocolate covered Strawberries were great.
This was our first time here. I looked up good local eats in Las Vegas and this popped up. Definitely love this place! Especially for the price and the quality of sandwiches. We tried the Reuben-ish and the chicken sandwiches. They were delicious! This is my go to spot for sandwiches now! :)
Ted's is hands down my favorite place to eat hotdogs! Go during lunch hour and you may be standing in line for a little while but it's well worth the wait. Great service along with great food and decent portions, you can't go wrong.
We have been here a bunch of times.  I've never had a bad meal and always had great service. I usually get the gyro platter. My wife mixes it up when we go. You'll be happy you went.
The guys over at Tobias Automotive are so helpful and friendly! As a woman I would always worry if auto repair places are being honest about what needs to be done with my car. With Tobias I never have to worry, they are always super honest!! I will never take my car anywhere else!
I've been trying all the gluten free pizza in the area and this one is by far the best. Crispy crust, excellent toppings and tremendous flavor. Being from Chicago, it is hard to admit that this ny style pizzeria is phenomenal! Keep it up!
Spicy ahi combo.. i LOOOOVE. if you really like spicy ahi, you must try this!!!! i really also like their limu poke, perfect seasoning!
I've been to PLENTY of nail salons all over town, but this one has won me over by far ! Everyone was so friendly and nice and my nails came out exactly the way I wanted them. I'm in love ! THIS is the nail salon to go to if you want great atmosphere and great nails !
So glad I found Britney at Valley Process Service. I was referred to her by my sister who used her last month. \nShe responded extremely fast and processed my request within an hour.\nShe took a photo if the posting as well.
OK, seems silly to review (another) Taco Bell, but I just wanted to write a little something about how friendly the staff is at this location!  \"Please,\" \"Thank you,\" \"Have a nice day,\" and a smile go a long way!
Staying in the Villa...room 307 for the weekend.  I am in love!
great guy...  and great pizza..  good experience all around.
Quality authentic Tibetan food, and plenty of vegetarian options. The momos are fantastic! Although the fruit dessert is most likely delivered straight out of a can, it's very easy to overlook considering the overall experience.
The iced coffee is the best!!! The bread for sandwhiches is tastey, but a little hard to eat. The fresh veges on the sandwhiches are really good, before if you don't like jalepe jalape\u00f1os, they put fresh ones on there as well.
I called right when they opened and asked for a same day delivery to my wife at her work place. I placed the order and they had delivered it with 2 hours. It was a beautiful bouquet of flowers that my wife loved! Made her day! Thank you guys you have great delivery time and beautiful flower arrangements!
As a newcomer to broadening my food horizons, and one who is on a budget, I found Haji Baba perfect for reasonably priced middle eastern food.  The attached international foods mini mart is also a plus.  Delicious chicken schwarma and great hummus.
Consistently great food at a fair price.  I suggest the French Dip - a new addition to the already great menu.
always a refreshing and quick bite everytime in Vegas!! convenient location! and delicious lobster entrees!  It can be a a bit pricey considering it is 'fast food', but come on...still really good price for lobster!!!
Jason is a great bartender! The best ever. He's awesomeness :)!!!! He's fast and kind and really cool
Chili's in Tempe. Chili's in Maine. All the same. I suppose that is what corporate wants. What makes this place appealing is the staff and the clientele. You can sit next to a Timex one day and a Patek Philippe another day. No matter here, you are still the same.
Best after hours club in Vegas. You would defiantly find me here at 5 in the morning.
Great Place to listen to some blues. Drinks are always great as well. Very small though. Hopefully they can expand someday soon. I'd love to see them expand.
After a round in the cold we decided to stay and watch the dallas game and have lunch and drinks.  Great food and service.  The mahi was moist and cooked perfectly and the sweet potato fries were great.  Would definitely put this restaurant with great views on my list of places to eat.
Best pizza and wings in Youngtown area!
I was literally raised on Matta's food.  It does not get any better than this.  I wish all Mexican restaurants could be this good.  But then, Matta's wouldn't be the special place that it is.
I love this place. The food is great and the cocktails are awesome. You must try the Tropical itch. The staff is very helpful and laid back. I have tried the new Scottsdale location but I prefer this one. They are also dog friendly on the outside patio. I love how they even have a happy hour on the weekends.
Great customer service and wonderful people in the front office! They did a great job in fixing my car for me. Certainly reliable and their expertise and experience shows through their work. I highly recommend their services especially for people who aren't knowledgeable about car repairs.
Devil's is my new favorite place in Tempe. I always seem to have a great time there watching the game good food and good people. I'm down with the Devil
This place was great! The breakfast crepe I had was delicious, I got to watch them make it, and the staff was really friendly. On top of it all, the lovely lavender decor just tickled my visual senses. I would go back here any day of the week!
The food is so so so good!!! And I had it delivered and the owner did it himself, super cool guy and this is definitely my new go to eat out place :)
If you want to have an outstanding experience at the movie Theater, this is it.  I sat in a reclining chair, couldn't see the row behind or in front of me and had a waitress serve my order. I ordered a glass of wine and a bowl of popcorn. This is what a movie theater experience should be!
Love it! Always great food and great service.
Great addition to neighborhood. In smiths/mcdonalds shopping area next to star bucks on Valle verde/paseo verde.  Fish very fresh and sauces were amazing. Very friendly staff. Great quality at decent prices.
Been here 3 months and love it! The company and staff really make you feel appreciated and valued, which is hard to find these days! The on-site dog park is awesome and kept fairly clean! The rest of the grounds are always kept really nice as well! Also the valet trash service is awesome!
My favorite park in a city full of them. I love also the surroundings. For me, that's the best area in the popular Plateau.
Best Jewish wedding ever , so authentic and nice , I know who's gonna be the dj in my wedding, my friends don't stop talking about how great you are ...\nI'll recommend you for bar mitzva and weddings for everyone ...\nBest in the states .
Love the food and awesome service.  I am here on a weekly basis with family and friends.  Love the PHO and Spring rolls!  Don't forget to try the Vietnamese ice coffee. And of course -Thao make's sure everything is GREAT!  This place is a hidden GEM in CHANDLER.
We ordered fried dumbling which was really great as an appetizer\nAnd our orders were BBQ pork chops and\nOh sorry I forgot what I had\nAnyway it's sooooo good\nIt's so much  different with usual Chinese food we used to have.
allways go in the morning! order a drink get free breakfast.....  9-12
The burgers are great, fries are great, and you can taste test Jameson's top shelf whiskeys for $15.
Love Love Love this spa!!! I have watched them grow and expand, while maintaining their Amazing customer service! I can get it all here! Gel manis, pedis, waxing and even eye lash extensions! I won't go anywhere else!
Love the chicken teriyaki here . Cute little booth set ups and love the bar set up . Husband love the beer and sushi .
Call before coming in to make an appoinment !  Erin was my stylist and I am so happy with my hair. She took my awfully boring mom hair and transformed it ! I walked out feeling beautiful. Thank you for my new stylish edgy cut .
I'm just going to throw the 5 star rating out there, risky as it may seem for a hair salon. Hair Pollution already has tons of glowing reviews, so I'll keep this short. \n\nNATE & MEGAN = WINNERS\n\nDon't doubt it, just do it.
Staff and food is great!
Amazing food, hospitality, and atmosphere!! The steak was so tender and juicy. The eggplant Parmesan was perfect!We'll definitely go back
Fresh food, wonderful crew and a great vibe.
I love coming here after 9PM.  Such a fun atmosphere!\n\nFood is always awesome! and the bartenders are even better.  They treat you like family and take care of you like family.  You're not just a customer here, you're a guest!
I was visiting my house here in Surprise this week from Washington, DC.  Found this place on Yelp, and I am very impressed with the service and especially the pizza.  I have been looking for a great place to go that was near my house and this is the place.
Fast repair and even stayed open late to take my last minute shattered iPhone 5 screen! Finished in about 15 minutes and was on my way. Will definitely be coming back next time my iPhone 5 screen cracks.
I have been back two more times since my first visit and have had excellent service and an excellent meal each time.  We always order the riserva steak, and we are always happy.  It seems like hit or miss with other reviewers here, but so far I can't speak highly enough of this place.
What a great concept. Korean food and Mexican food made fresh. Had a great lunch today. Would recommend for anyone that wants to try something different good.
Tuesdays $5. Love this theater popcorn a must! It's really busy on Tuesday nights so hit the day shows!
Great burger great fries and a nice shake.   This is by far the best burger I have had outside of Ray's Tavern in Reading Michigan.
Me n my son live here! The shakes are amazing and the meals are really cheap ! Don't go here if ur on a diet!
Nice little hole in the wall. Everything was great. Even chatted up the boss a bit. Very nice guy.
Great staff, awesome selection of goodies. More than helpful and fresh on the spot.  Store crew was helpful for there are some treats we haven't had...birthday cake and the brownie batter?  Yep, surely can't be a bad way to start the morning. Don't forget the milk!
Amazing steak and carnitas fajitas, strong margaritas, and bomb salsa!  If the salsa sucks I won't go back, and the warm salsa here is fantastic.  No way this place is 3 1/2 stars.
I am in and out of the Apple Store sporadically as an avid Apple customer.  Working in IT, I only need to make an appointment at the Genius Bar when my devices under warranty require replacement.\n\nI have had nothing but positive experiences at this Apple Store in my four years of frequenting it.
Hot, delicious Mexican food! Love this little joint !
Dr. Kim took care of my  teeth for years. I am very satisfied with his perfect service and friendliness. He is very skillful in his job.
Went for my birthday and was impressed. Great staff, drinks & food. Can't go wrong. The braised short ribs are wonderful as is the sangria and nightly special mahi mahi. Sumed up the night with the lemon lime pudding. What a great night.
A charcoal grilled burger and a pitcher of beer? Yes, please. The buns are just supermarket buns and the fries and onion rings are previously frozen, but I like this place a lot for lunch.
The best sushi in Pittsburgh.  I go here for my birthday every year.  The only authentic Japanese restaurant in Pittsburgh.
Every time I come to this place I feel like they reword or remove something that I like from the menu, never the less I always leave this place completely satisfied. \nIf you never been to this place it's a must. Enjoy
This place is great and affordable! Every dish I ordered was great, we will be back.
Never been on the inside so I don't know how service is, but I visited a friends house who ordered a take out for me here and the chicken quesadilla was amazing! Like no other, I've ever had. Will be going there more often, but probably next time I will go inside to see what it is like and etc.
Go for social hour 5-8pm. Angry tuna roll and pork belly ramen are incredible. Also had the broccoli, yummmmm!
Taro Slush with Boba = Soooo Good!  I admit, this is the only thing I ever order because it is just so freakin tasty.  They have a ton of other stuff to choose from on their menu too!  Service is very quick!
Having tons of fun here!!! So much to do and so much room to do things. Guy at the counter is very nice and when someone is doing something they should not he asked them to stop nicely unlike other places we have been to. My new favorite place for Zoey!!!
Ahh, the secret pizza place.  On my most recent trip to Vegas I remember stumbling into your cheesy grotto back to back nights.  Their white pizza is to die for!  Nice thin and crispy slices, perfectly balanced sauce, and fresh ricotta was divine.  I will seek you out again.
This is my favorite go to place in uptown. The portobello fries are amazing. They have a great beer selection.
Love the pizza and wings! Honey hot and the teriyaki wings are my favorite. Friendly service every time you go in, and good delivery service! One of the best pizza spots in the area! They usually have specials too, so I always ask before I order.
Best pizza in town!!! We drive 40 minutes to eat here. Great beer selection!!!
Best cheese steak I've found in Phoenix and the wings are very good as well. The area isn't the best and a bit hidden in a strip mall but well worth it. Highly recommended.
Great service with same day response! Which is amazing in this Arizona heat. Jay was very professional and made me feel very comfortable in trusting him. After he explained to me what he found and his observations he gave me several different repair options. Choose the option with extended warranties and service. Will most defiantly use them again!
The food here is great. The service is fast and the owner is always here checking in. I come in pretty often and they remember what I order, even if I change it. I wouldn't go anywhere else now that I've been here!
Awesome food and great beer. I am a hombrewer and they love to talk about their beer, if you have a question they are more than eager to grab a brewer to ask questions. My new go to in the west valley for a restaurant!
When in vegas, watch this show!
First time here, absolutely amazing food. The brisket is by far some of the best I've had. Our server was on point. Always had our drinks topped off. I'm impressed!
A #1 Double Double w/ Animal Style fries... Simply the Best!!
The Beat: where everyone knows your name!
Mike Brawley is the beer/wine expert of south Charlotte. I like to play a game where I say what I'm looking for - hoppy/smooth/lite or dark/dry/nutty - and he makes a perfect recommendation. \n\nI'm fairly tough on customer service. He's excellent every time.
Love this place. The food is so good and healthy. The service is good. I highly suggest you try it.
Great prices and huge portions!  Love it! and they deliver
I very much enjoyed my sandwich. The service was excellent. They sliced the meat and even gave me samples as well. The bread is less chewie than subway. The prices are the same as subway. It is a family owned business so i choose to support that any day. Five stars on every level.
I had fun with some friends on a Sunday night. Stevie the bartender made us some awesome drinks! Shark the karaoke guy was nice enough to listen to our awful singing. Dana the owner is amazing, and I will be coming back!
Hot Coffee and/or Cold Beer for whatever may ail you... Well located on the corner of Scottsdale Rd & Goldwater Blvd, pop in real quick or stay awhile... Loving this place.
If you need assistance booking tables or guestlist don't hesitate and contact me at anytime! (702)373-8659 omar.sanchez@palms.com
You would only like this place if you like clean stores, well organized vinyl, helpful staff, and great music playing as you shop. So pretty much everyone that likes vinyl will dig Aux 33. That said their prices are a bit high, but it can be worth a little extra at times.
Fabulous. We eat there a few times a week. Never disappointed. The best meatballs and Veal Parmesano. I am telling everyone about it.
Michael M. is totally right about his review. \n\nThis is the BEST Italian restaurant ever!\n\nMy friends and I spent about 60 box each but it was totally worth it. You will never regret about hitting this place.
Best sushi around! We have been to all the \"upscale\" sushi places and always return to Sushi Creek!
A cute and hip place to have some wine with a girlfriend or a date. It's super busy and usually has a wait. It is NOT quiet but busy with conversation. Love the $20 board and bottle specials on Monday and Tuesday nights. They cork the bottle for you so you can take it home.
Great place for brunch or to relax with a coffee. Their hot chocolate is amazing.
cool stuff
As a local I like to stop in just to see what's new.  They change this with the holidays and seasons.  Everything is so grand and spectacular.  Love it!  Late at night is the best to avoid slow groups of people.
Great experience here.  I called last week, made an appointment with Robin, all paperwork was handled electronically and Robin introduced herself to me when I arrived.  \n\nThorough cleaning, friendly staff, easy peasy.
There is nothing about Bouchon that would warrant anything less than 5 stars. This is as good as it gets.
Just awesome... If you go, you'll see why. If you don't like awesome coffee and stellar chow, don't go. :-)
We really enjoyed our stay here.  We had the basic room.  It was comfortable, attractive and well laid out.  The shower was powerful.  Bathroom make up mirror with lights was a plus.   Everything was clean and well taken care of.  We will be back.
When everyone at a restaurant knows your name that means they value your business and that is why my family and I eat at this einstein's weekly. Wendy does an amazing job with this store. Her staff is friendly and always happy to see you. Keep up the great work!
i eat at the good egg all the time.  service is always speedy and the food is great.  Everything on the menu is wonderful put my favorite are the wheat pancake with strawberries.
Great gym.  They keep it very clean and the parking lots always have security.  The staff is very friendly and they keep the machines well maintained.  Each LVAC gym has their own personality however.  Take a tour of the gym you would be using and make sure that this is the gym for you.
One of the best hikes in the valley
All hail the new king!  King of breakfast sandwiches that is - the Sam I Am!  This awesome pretzel roll of love just told any other ordinary breakfast sandwich to beat it!  The sausage on this beauty has just enough kick to keep the taste buds interested!  The flavor combo is what every AM needs. Bow down breakfast sandwiches!
I'm very impressed with the level of care here! They seem to sincerely care about my cat. They explain things in great detail and they always do a follow up call to see how she's doing. I will continue to take my animals here. I love the staff! They really care!
Excellent Dum Biryani! Likely the Best one in the valley that I have ever tasted so far.. Even the indo-chinese chilli chicken was awesome. Hope they will keep up the quality and standards.
Went here for Brunch after the Farmer's Market.  My omelet was one of the best I've had.  Never would think of putting Brie Cheese in an omelet!
Food is really good and priced just right.\n\nService was pretty fast and they stayed on top of everything. Worth checking out for sure.
I totally love My Popcorn Kitchen. I have tried about ten of the flavors. Every flavor has been amazing! I will be stopping by for a mini bag of beer cheddar before movie night!
Matt has not only blown me away with his amazing skills as a hair stylist for 4 years now but he has created the most awesome hair parlor in Las Vegas ! It's new, it's fresh, it rocks! For the best and most consistent results go see the crew at \"the Parlor\".
Coming from New York City to Pittsburgh for college, I always need to find good Chinese food around the neighborhood. My friend introduce me to this place and I have to say that the bakeries here are equally as tasty as bakeries in New York such as Taipan or Fei Da.
This place is great, authentic home made pizza and its very cheap. If you eat in its two for one pizzas. \n\nSame price point as Double pizza but way way better. Go there.
Absolutely the best red curry in history.  Wife loved the brocoly chicken.  I live in Idaho and there are only 2 restaurants in Phoenix I go out of my way for.  Thai lahna is one of them..
Wonderfully knowledgable cheesemonger. Try all the Scottish cheeses.
This is one of the best honestly taco shops in Henderson. We are here almost every weekend. Carne Asada breakfast burritos are delicious. My son loves the carne asada lunch burrito. I love the machaca, the plate, the burrito and the big tostada bowl.
Been going to the original popo's since before my first childhood memories. Salsa & hot sauce is THE best! Can't find machaca beef or enchilada sauce like it anywhere else. Still the best comfort food I'll ever know!
The New York Strip special they have is top two in Phoenix- just have to get lucky when they have it!
Great donuts! Don't see what you want? No problem, they will make it for you on the spot! You won't get a fresher donut than that!
Love this place! The orange chicken is one of the best tasting and their service has always been great.
The service was awesome. I called them last second for an order of chocolate dipped strawberries and they were able to get them for me.
quality drinks & service
Eric knows his stuff when it comes to online marketing. His systems and processes are set up to get results and I think he is a good guy that cares. Two thumbs up.
Very impressed, first time there and they had some extraordinary Art especially the Dancing Swarm of Fireflies by Yayoi Kusama ... that was worth the price of entry alone.\nNice to have Arcadia Farms there too.
Great Vegan Food! I love their caramelized onions- yummmm.
This is definitely THE place to have a romantic happy hour with that favorite person.  Sit on the patio next to the fire, enjoy the ambiance of the views of Camelback Mountain and the food and drink on the happy hour menu.  The servers are efficient, friendly and personable without being intrusive.
Went in to purchase a toe ring. Very friendly, and fast service. Cute shop. Sales lady very helpful. Tried on a few styles and left with my new ring on.
Shared the 40 OZ. Dry Aged  porter house along with a butter poached lobster tail.\nService was top notch.  We'll be back in Feb. and we're for sure coming back for dinner.
One of our favorite Mexican food restaurants. We frequent both locations. Amazing chips and salsa and the service is always wonderful. Pablo is our favorite. \n\nMust try the Chimi! Also the green corn tamale. I could recommend a million things! Try them all!
I love this place! The customer service is fantastic, they memorized our names and orders after only our second time there. The coffee is great and they always make sure that you like what you ordered. \n\nIf you like chai tea lattes, try it with the French vanilla syrup! It's delicious!
I come here with my friends and the food is really good and I would come here all the time and I would recommend this place too the people I know .. The staff are so awesome
This is the best burger I have had in a very long time.  If you are craving a good burger, you have got to try this place!!
The staff was friendly without being overbearing, the restaurant was very clean (even the high chairs were wiped down!), and the food was great!  Casual dining at its best!
Cheap awesome burgers and fries!!!! We also had a veggie sandwich and grilled cheese everything was great, $23 for a family of 4
I'm so happy I decided to try this restaurant. The food was great and the staff was really friendly. I had the portobello mushroom Ruben with a side of cole slaw. It was delicious. I can't wait to go back to try the rest of the menu.
This place was great! great good, great atmosphere. overall an excellent choice.
This place is amazing! The owner has curated the clothing perfectly, if you're looking for vintage biker, western wear, denim and rock & roll clothing this place has got it. It's not an overpriced ripoff like some vintage joints in NYC or LA. I only wish it was larger and had more inventory .
Great food. Exceptional service. Comfortable decor. I ordered the filet mignon. It was seared to perfection. The seafood sampler is a definite recommend
Eat, Drink, Party, Sleep. Repeat.
Just a quick review.  Lunch was yummy.  :)\n\nI really wanted to talk about customer service.  Christina is an amazing hostess!!  I wanted to say Thank you!   I think it is easy for some people to forget that service matters!  It was a wonderful experience!
Awesome! I usually get 2 full tacos and split the fries with my wife. I recommend this place to everyone who likes tacos and seafood.
The caprese sandwich is to-die-for.\nOn top of the food being delicious, the customer service is very delightful, and the place has a really cool chill vibe.\nAlso - try their gumbo!
Green Chile Chicken Enchilada is Amazing! It's a small portion but it's worth it, plus you don't need the extra calories. Staff are friendly and courteous! I also love the fact that it's next to No.1 Boba!
LOVE LOVE the yellow curry! Delicious spring rolls as well. My husband ordered the masmasa curry and really liked it. Service is fast and friendly.  We will be regulars.
Stopped in here today for a quick cut. After reading many other yelp reviews (all 5 stars) I figured I would give it a try. Got exactly what I asked for and for a great price too! Will definitely be going here from now on.
Wow! The food was amazing! Peanut butter and jelly burger with bacon (sounds gross) was amazing! The salad we had was even better.... Wish I remembered the name of it. But it had tortilla strips and chicken and a whole lotta goodness! Can't wait to go back!
Love these cakes! I am addicted! They are easily my weakness! The red velvet is my favorite!
You must ask to see the Barry & Mary Show. The best in town. Incredible service. Tell them Art sent you. You will not be disappointed.
THAT FIVE FOR FIVE DEAL. Man oh man...\nI could eat those sliders and truffle fries for days!\n\nThe pineapple vodka cocktail isn't too shabby either, especially for $5
Much more better than your average fast food!
Hell's Kitchen Burger = Best Burger Ever!\nCoffee Shake = Epic!\nSweet Potato Fries = Perfect!
It's been about a couple years since I've been but when I did was delicious!
Great experience. Brian was honest, efficient, and on time. I arrived around 3:30 pm, he quoted me an hour and a half, tint was done by 4:30. Quality work. Everyone was friendly and helpful. Highly recommended.
Great coffee and pastries, some of the baristas make the best cappuccinos around the Madison area.\nThe ambiance is great and they have free Wi-Fi
Love this place. Deep fried appetizers are unique and tasty! Sashimi bowl was fresh and delicious. Restaurant is clean and comfy.
This place is hands down AMAZING. Food is out of this world and clever beyond anything I would have expected. Customer service is phenomenal and everyone is so accommodating and informative. The ribs, spicy Mac and cheese, quesadilla and fried potato chips are all SO SO good.
The sushi at Kiku is the best you can find around, IMO. The service is always great too. \nThe restaurant is lacking in style and lighting, but who cares if the food rocks.
great people at this store.
This place is LEGIT and a must if you haven't eaten here before. Be prepared to wait, by it's worth it!!! Best cheese bread I've ever had!
MMMMMM... drools on self. This place is just simple burger and fries at an awesome price. If you dont like it than you clearly have no soul. Try the animal fries..fatty goodness.
Great staff, enough seats, awesome selection, pretty cheap.  Love bringing the wife and kid here.  Probably go at least 3 times a month.  \n\nLove it
We attended a rehearsal dinner there, my soon to be brother in law is a chef there on occasion. We had a 13-15 course meal. Damn good food. Great service.
One of my favorite places to go for a great meal.    Chopped Salad, Filet, Baked Potato, Dessert! Awesome meal!!!
They have the best gyros they put lots of meat on them I definitely recommend this place...
Gotta be one of the nicest and fanciest rooms I've stayed in in a very long time.  The bed was so comfortable I ended up hitting the snooze button multiple times just so I could rest longer... not sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing
This place is delicious. The staff is very attentive you will never go without a drink or food they pretty much all wait on you hand and foot.
This place is great! The food is always good and the service is wonderful. These guys really know how to treat customers. \n\nI would recommend this place to anyone who wants to get away from that \"club\" scene and have a really good time at a great bar.
Friendly, careful, good quality and reasonable pricing. Make an appointment and plan to spend about 1 hour there. Only Lynn and her son Peter work here
My wife and I could not have been treated better.  The service was exceptional, the room was perfect, the hotel was beautiful. I will not stay anywhere else when in Vegas.  The pool area is over the top.  The clientele was a good mixture of young and not so young.  We had a terrific time.
Love this place. The food, drinks, atmosphere and all are just spot on awesome! Love it. Great place to come with friends and even your dog- best place to eat and relax.
People really nice and the food is great. However, the wings have too much sauce cause my mouth burn. They should ease on it.
Absolutely love this place. There's always a line on the weekend but the counter is seat yourself so I can usually squeeze in quickly. If they have croissant french toast on special - GET IT! You won't be disappointed!
Took my wife out here tonight after a meal at the Texas brazil restaurant. We always come here after the main events when people are less crowded...and restrooms were extra clean.. And more arm rooms at the theatre.
I brought my husband here as a form of Fun Exercise. And what a great one!! We had so much fun!  It was the first  paintball field I have been to. It was organized, had friendly staff, a large parking area and a very large field! Would definately recommend this location!!!
Bought a groupon for this place and was so pleased with the food. Shrimp tacos were amazing. Tastes gourmet for an order counter place. Looking forward to going back.
Excellent food!  They accommodated my vegan gluten free needs and even had an entire vegan menu.  Papaya pad Thai is the best.  Group of 8 so we tried lots of things and they were all fantastic.  Excellent service.  A must!!!
If you want THE BEST BURGER in town, look no further.  A very cool burger joint...
Michelle does the best facial ever. She really takes her time and if you have problem areas she lets you know what you can do to correct them and recommends the best products. She hands down is the best esthetician in AZ and this was the best facial that I have had
First time it was a great experience Erica was very nice professional!
Best PInata Store in Vegas !!!  Great prices ! They were able to get me my pinata done on time !! got a custom made pinata for my sons birthday for only $35 the size was great !  they also got the best variety in mexican candy... anything you can think of !
Mistakingly arrived at closing but the bartender shayla and manager mark were awesome and kept the kitchen open for me. Always good food. Always good drinks.
Great Subs!
The spa at the Golden Nugget was fabulous!! Jeff was my massage therapist and he was outstanding. I will definetly come again.
Best pulled pork in Phoenix!! Great food from the top of the menu to the bottom. You won't regret trying this BBQ
Clean, great food, and a great family restaurant. I like to go as an adult, but I can take my niece and nephew for a day as well.
Great place bought some signs for my shop and they look great I will be returning maybe even tomorrow. If your looking for cool,tools,antiques,military, or basically anything then go in there. I will definitely recommend to a friend
I was very happy with Dest Family Dentistry.  My visit was handled efficiently - I was checked-in, moved from x-rays, to cleaning to the exam without delay or any wait.  The staff and Dr. Dest were all very nice.  The facilities look new and the location is a short walk from Trade and Tryon.
Still love, love,  love,  love this bar.  We brought our Canadian friends tonight!  And they love this dive bar too! We will always bring friends here and buy them a drink!  The bartenders are excellent here and the vibe is sooooooooo Vegas!  No bar in the bowl is near as cool as Champagnes!
Best part of my trip in Vegas.  Sometimes I go to Vegas 9 times a year and this show was one of the Best things I've seen.  Laughed out loud the whole show.  Great talents
Originally posted a bad review. Gave them another chance to redeem their service. I've now been back dozens of times. What a complete 180!
The food was delicious and the service fantastic! I've been to the Centennial Hills location and it is very good, yet it pales in comparison to the experience I've had today at this location. I'm so pleased that I would consider going out of my way to go here.
Long line but we moved fast. Excellent food that rivals good restaurant. Try the NY strip steak and fresh seafood. Desserts were excellent as well.
Stopped there thanks to Yelp. Tried the cali along with the biscuits and gravy. Very delicious and very fast, courteous service. Even with us walking in there at almost closing time. Thank you for an excelent meal!
Excellent outdoor dining and top service! Love the steak aupoivre and the delicious greens. This is now my favorite restaurant on the strip!
I have been taking my car here for years. Employees and owner are friendly and answer all my questions. Prices are good. I have referred them to my friends. They don't try to sell you on things you don't need.
It's about that place you CAN NOT miss if you are at the Strip. Come over and see it for yourselfGreat customer service people, very passionate about the business.
We have been eating here for over 20 years. We started at the one in Tempe & now eat at the Gilbert location. Good prices, great food. Love their bean burritos. Their salsa (mild & hot) sooo GREAT!
One of my favorite shows. This was the foundation to all the Cirque du Soleil shows on the strip. It was the first Cirque du Soleil in Las Vegas. Great performers.
From the outside, it doesn't impress much, but once you get inside everything is much nicer and alot of fun! we played 1 round of mini golf, 16 creative holes that were alot of fun to play. Do not judge a book by its cover and support independent businesses offering family fun that is really rare to find in Las Vegas.
We found this place looking for an Olive Garden close by. So glad we came here instead.  Great food and atmosphere.  We will be back.
I had Aaron tattoo a hummingbird on my ankle.  It looks fantastic!!!  Aaron, Sarah, and Heather were all very pleasant and professional.  I would highly recommend\nChic Ink Boutique to anyone who wants a great quality tattoo.
Best pizza and variety in Vegas. So many awesome varieties. Normally I'm a one trick pony, pepperoni and I'm good. But here I've had the Margherita, and Honey Pie which is amazing. \n\nCan't go wrong here.
I've never had a bad experience at a rubios. The fish tacos are amazing. Along with with steak Baja bowl. All in all the service at this place is always quick and friendly. Try taco Tuesdays..
Quality subs, great breads, and everything is fresh. The owner has a real passion for his work and keeps a clean shop.
We went bowling with another family on Friday night... we had 10 kids and 6 adults and we got onto lanes fast and had a great time. The staff was friendly and the building is clean and inviting. Will definitely return!
Medieval walls stores all the prayers, thoughts and hopes whispered over the centuries. Generations passed away and now we have short moment to calmly leave our thoughts and hopes in this timeless place. Stop and appreciate this great privilege which you have.
Well, I ate here 4 times in 3 days, so I can't in good conscience give anything but 5 stars. I got the Connecticut roll every time...soaked in butter and completely satisfying. Got the fries one night as well, which were fantastic. Stay out of SLC please.
It's pricy but the quality of the food is worth every penny. I just love to get a salad but I must say, the steak served at this place is the BEST I ever tried anywhere! Also, you can't get enough of the truffle fries...
I love the salads here. It should be rated much Higher than 3 stars. They have great salads, and customer service.
Without doubt FIVE STAR !  Unforgetable experience !
They cut men's hair and my friend got a really nice cut.  I asked if they could trim my bangs and they were really accommodating. \n\nIf you want a fast, quality haircut thIs is the place to come!
Bad Breath Burger\nCarne Asada\n\nCould not stop saying \"mmmmmmmmm\" the entire meal.\n\nGood atmosphere, good service.  What more can you ask for?
Spoke with the owner and he offered to make it right.  The shirt washed clean so its all good.  As I said before, great place to get a shave.
Awesome! !! My wife had the Petite Filet with shrimp I had the T-Bone..... Best steak we have ever had. The service was excellent Also.
I love our trainer Omar and the entire CFF crew! I've been coming to Camp Fit Force for over a year now, the entire group is constantly motivating me to push myself every time. it's a great group of people, a great setting, and a fantastic way to get in shape.
It's made me happy my whole life.
Probably my favorite brunch in Pittsburgh. The lemon ricotta pancakes are just wonderful, and the prosciutto and goat cheese omelet is fantastic. Often rather crowded, especially in the winter, but absolutely worth the wait!
Beautiful poker room with plenty of money and action. It's got an open airy feel to it, very comfortable place to play. One of the top 3 places I go to play poker when I'm in town.
Stayed there with my friends for my birthday and it was great. Beautiful hotel! I loved how the fire place and the pool are on the roof. It was also convenient because all the restaurants and shops are so close.
Awesome bar. Plus Kendra gave me free food aand I got to watch Boston kill Vancouver for the Stanley Cup finals. Yay!
TasteBuds is great! Their frozen yogurt is always fresh and delicious. The cake batter is a must get!!!!! They have tons of flavors and toppings.
Solid service. our Home Warranty has had these guys come out twice now for 2 seperate issues. Both times they were prompt and friendly and fixed the issue.\n\nNo complaints.
One of the best coffee shops in Scottsdale.  Fun events, great Chia (the best in town), great staff and the best to hang out with a laptop.
Food is excellent. I am strangely obsessed with the macaroons, especially strawberry and expresso. Everytime I go to Phoenix I always stop by and get macaroons and always pick some up for everyone back home. Just awesome
This place has the best chicken wings in town. Hands down. Also the homemade potato chips are a must for when you come to watch whatever game you want. One of the waitresses, Brianna I think is her name, always greets with a cheshire smile and a cold budweiser!
Out of the 5 Cirque shows I've seen, this is my favorite. The sound system is amazing to compliment the awesome soundtrack. It's quite possibly one of the most moving experiences from a show I've ever felt. I would pay full price again to see this show a second time!
Jerry and his crew cut it proper. Great conversation and recommendations! I highly recommend this place.. Get down here!
Poutine. Poutine! POUTINE.\nLove their fries and house sauce. Poutine made to measure. Perfect.
The best coffee in downtown Phoenix! I'm in there daily for a good iced coffee! The barista's are super friendly as well, which makes the whole experience that much better! Highly recommend this coffee shop!
God, I love this store.  I have been a fan for years.  The clothes are so cute and the store is so big and so affordable!!!!  Very happy they finally put one in Scottsdale!
My favorite! I love that they use plastic protectors for the pedicure tubs. I love the massage chairs. The staff is always friendly & welcoming. My pedicure lasts & lasts. Mona is the best!
Great professional customer service ! Thanks Jeff for the quick adjustment on my TREK  and my new Giro helmet ! \nThis shop is the top of my list for all other purchases !  \ngreat place for Christmas gifts as well !  support Local First !  \nric
forget the others Yellowtail is where it's at Ken is awesome Kat is always a friendly face. My favorite little sushi spot
They're not kidding when they say they have the best chowder in Arizona.
I have brought boots and shoes here for years.  JR always does great work at a fair price.  He can even sharpen knives.
No reason to spin a yarn. Unbeatable prices and selection. The only drawback is that the aisles can be a bit of a tight squeeze, but it's because of their huge inventory so it's forgivable.
Great place to get in shape!  I've just started to workout again and have been taking Taylor's Jumpstart classes in the Old Town Scottsdale location.  It feels like you are in boot camp, except no one is yelling at you and there's great music playing in the background.  I highly recommend the experience.
This place is amazing! Their garlic knots are so delicious, the pizza is pretty good & the service is good. I can't complain!
Their grilled marinated chicken is just a party for your taste buds.  Their tacos de carnitas and asada at a buck each is the best deal in the NW.  Hey you, other more popular taco spots...you got competition!
This is the most amazing toffee I've ever tasted.  It's not hard or sticky, rather soft and crumbly.  It melts in your mouth and that sweet taste is like a hug on the inside.  I serve it at every special occasion and it's always a hit.
Artie came out to my house for a garbage disposal install that I couldn't get done myself for a few different reasons, he was courteous, kept my house clean, played with my cat, troubleshot my problem and charged me less than originally quoted. No complaints here.
Great food! Great service! Had kabobs and chicken curry with Taj Mahal beer, perfect meal
We make an effort to stop here for breakfast every time we come through Vegas. Mr. Mamas staff is always at the top of their game. And the owner is always present and making sure the service is perfect. The food is stellar for an excellent price.
I have eaten lunch at VinciTorio's several times.  Every time the people are so nice and the food is excellent.  The restaurant has a homey feeling to it.  The prices are great the buffett is the best.
Love Cantina 1511!  Delicious!!!\nThe cheese dip is fabulous.  Our waiter encouraged us to try the cheese dip with bacon and pineapple added to it.  Sounds weird but it was YUMMY!
The atmosphere is very warm and traditional.  Staff is very welcoming. I opted for spicy tuna avocado roll and California roll. Everything was prepared fresh. Service was prompt. Prices are very reasonable Best sushi in Southside.
LOVE LOVE THEIR RIBS AND SIDES!! The people there are always so nice! It is a bit pricey but worth it to us! We order here often! May not look like much but it's awesome!
Great fresh bread (get the hummus), amazing prices, solid fresh food.
Love this place!  Best Wonton soup and shrimp egg foo young ever!!  We just ordered it for lunch and all the girls loved their food also!!  Fast and friendly service!
Great food... Great service... There is a very comfortable cozy atmosphere. The prices are reasonable and you get a good amount of food. This was my first time and I highly recommend!
Love this place. Great food and service.  My new favorite restaurant. Short ribs are AMAZING!
Listen up all you Pita Jungle eaters. You need to try this out! The speed at which they give you food that I would count second to none is amazing. Service with a smile in an awesome to city that is rare to find in a strip mall Restaurant.
I love Fry's Electronics.   They always have what I am looking for and  in stock and I can pick up.  Don't have to wait by ordering and waiting for delivery via mail.
Best pho in town or at least on the south east side. Love the broth, generous portions and service.
On-the-go fresh pressed juice with the friendliest staff at the Biltmore fashion park! Perfection!
Great breakfast and Internet too! Breakfast sandwich was so yummy; especially with coke in a bottle!
Absolutely superb. Relaxing, amazing quality, and the perfect place for a romantic dinner. Charming is an understatement.
Love this place! The ice cream is perfect and the cute atmosphere adds to the experience. I've only tried a couple of flavors, but they were delicious!
Not only does Breanna provide the best customer service but I am seeing results and being educated on my skin. I haven't been a regular for long but just like having \"your hairstylist\" or \"your nail lady\" she is now \"my esthetician!\"
my dad took us here for my mom's birthday -- one of the best seafood restaurants i've been to! prices are reasonable for the quality of food and service you receive. also, complimentary choice of dessert on your birthday. great place!
Absolutely one of those places you need to experience. The lunch rush is a little bit of a hassle but more than worth it if you are looking for authentic american classics. Joe's onion rings are big circles of happiness so don't hold back on them!
large pizza and bourbon bbq wings! yum!! it was delicious :-) our girls loved it aswell
Jersey Mike's has the best subs in Charlotte. I like how they cut their meat and cheese in front if you. A clean environment and nice staff makes for a great place to eat lunch!
I had dinner at Rum Jungle when I was in Vegas and it had to be the absolute best meal I have ever had in my life! The meal was not cheap, but worth every penny I spent! I was able to purchase a bottle of Ice Wine, which is hard to find....
This is a beautiful restaurant! It has beautiful high ceilings and is very well kept. Went there for dinner with my boyfriend and the food was delicious! Our waiter was very polite and attentive. We will definitely be back!
Great service provided by John Messina and staff\nbeen to this place multiple times for pre-employment\ndrug testing and always quick and easy with no hassle\nor headaches to deal with. Keep up the great work\n-Doug
Best wings, hands down. If you're just craving wings, Long Wongs is your spot. I've only been to this location and I typically do call in orders. Quick and easy. Eat some wangs!
Great burgers, excellent service and a shovelful of fries...all at a great price. \n\nWhat's not to love?
Very authentic canto food! Reminds me of the street food vendors in Hong Kong! All three dishes we got were phenomenal! Free delicious soup after you place your order! I would actually pay to get the soup since it's that delicious. I didn't taste much of MSG which is always a plus at Chinese restaurants!
My kids love this place so I ended up getting an annual membership. Getting the annual membership is worth the price I go there every weekend.
huge selection of skateboards, shoes and clothing. good people.
I love this place!!!!  The frequency of my visits is becoming a problem.  Cant seem to get enough of the Flaming Lips.  I love the flavor and the added kick.  Zelma and Oliver are my most favorite POPPED nerds.
Don't let the name fool you. There is indoor seating. \nThe chips and salsa are perfect companions to each other and to any meal. The best chips and salsa that I have had in years! \nThe vegetarian crazy potatoes are my new comfort food.
Great Thai food! hole in the wall style location.  Very friendly staff. Let Sabi make your favorite and you will be impressed.
Great place for sushi and the staff is a lot of fun!  Good drink specials - especially Tuesday night!   $1 beers!!!   Cathy & Jen provide great service and the food is outstanding.  A must stop in Charlotte!
Derek took the photos of our wedding and I was highly impressed. He has a great eye and is easy to work with. He is also extremely creative when it comes to different shots if you don't know exactly what you want. I highly recommend him.
Best Theater ever! Recliners! Beer! Wine! Enough said. The whole family loves this place.
Great family style Vietnamese restaurant. Tip is to to order dishes off the menu with pictures. You will love the food there ! Nice quick service as we'll.
Carne asata wrap and a small pasta salad waiter was awesome and the food rocked!!!! Def would come back!!!
I had the best lamb chops in the world at Modavie. I'm a vegetarian now, but I have to wonder if I'd be able to stay one if I were to go back to Montreal...
Love this place.  Very clean unlike some of the competitors.  Great choices of flavors and toppings.  I don't mind that don't have a punch card because their yogurt is good and well worth it.
Spectacular dinner!  Recently updated menu.  House made breads.  Incredible wine selection.  Reservations not required, but not a bad idea.
Mine blowing cupcakes?! Milk on tap?! Fairy themed and adorable inside?! \n\nHELLO I'M IN LOVE. \n\nThis place is too close to my house, I blame it for any weight gain this month.
Whitney rocks!  She is a great stylist!  I'm planning to make another appointment very soon.
Very tasty and filling. before leaving vegas thast weekend I just needed one more for the road sadly they were closed on sunday.  but will definitley be back on my next vegas trip.
Fantastic authentic Chinese food!!! \nOne place that I come regularly. We usually order the noodles, the chicken and the cucumber appetizer. MUST TRY!!!
Great place to get your car or truck washed. My car is clean and friendly people. I recommend this car wash to all my friends.
We like to stop in before we go to work and pick up a couple of sandwiches so we can eat before a long day, it's on the way and we have never waited very long.
Absolutely amazing. You made a customer for life. I read the reviews about size. They're Tamales. Not burritos. They are perfect size, made from scratch and as authentic as you get. Owner even stayed open late for us to continue our holiday tradition. Thanks. I will be back!!
Both times I ate here were great! I like the space and the patio. The pho was delicious, and everyone else was really happy with their food. I like that they have cocktails, too.
I recently call state Farm to let them know of a personal situation I was in and I spoke to Kimberly and she was very helpful in my situation and more helpful on new stuff I didn't even know about. Thank you Kim for all your help and thank you state farm
Had a phenomenal time at Modavie! Sat upstairs in a little corner by the window and listened to some amazing live jazz. The food, specifically the lamb rack and the duck, was wonderful. And the wine selection is excellent.
pretty much my favorite bar in pittsburgh. great beers, cocktails, cool staff, awesome decor
Before the help from Debbie, I had some items that were not reporting accurately with the credit reporting agencies.  She worked with each of them to resolve the issues at a resonable price.  Six months later all the issues have been resolved and I'm now a home owner again :-).\n\nThank You Debbie!!!
Delicious food, fantastic Margaritas and wonderful service!
really good pad thai!
I drive two hours to go here twice a month. I would ask Jane to marry me if I had the chance.
My wife sells seafood for a living and visit a lot of different fine restaurants, this one by far is my favorite in the valley. You must try the eggplant I have not liked eggplant all my life but what this gifted chef does with it is amazing!
Clean, modern and great customer service. I showed the nail tech a picture of what I wanted and he delivered! I appreciated the time and detail work, down to the very last sparkle! I will be back.
The food was delicious and the beer was great!  Service was friendly and quick! Would come here again!
Great breakfast.
Best bridal shop in the country. I tried on 250+ dresses before I came here and FINALLY found my dress!!! They made it special, didn't rush me and really helped me find what I was truly wanting. Couldn't recommend them more!
Cute little coffee shop with great coffee and chocolate croissants. Good place for people watching.
My favorite theater to go to! The recliners are fantastic and cost the same as other regular AMC's without the nice seats! And being able to pick out your seats ahead of time is great! Love it!
Mike fixed my bumper and doors after I had gotten into a car accident . He matched the paint right on and had my car back to me in no time . Not only was he helpful in explaining the process but he was also very personable and professional. I give him 5 stars for such  great service !
Very nice and CLEAN! All the tools are in sterilized packages. Great pedicure and prices. Highly recommended!
To my knowledge, this is one of the last Pizza huts with a lunch buffet. Friendly staff, had a great time.
Very attentive staff, even during a busy dinner service. Great margaritas. Great happy hour. I will come back again. The digital come flaming. I strongly recommend.
I love this place !! We come here all the time for a chill place to smoke hookah at. Me and my friends love it ! Highly recommend it. And the food is great !
Really great brunch... The service was outstanding. Loved every bite, from the fried green tomatillo to the secret beignets. The staff was top notch. I will return! Thank you Francisco.
Great food! Great service! We will be back!
I absolutely love this new place. It is the best Indian food I have had in Pittsburgh by far and the staff is extremely friendly. Cute little place and very welcoming. Would highly suggest!!!
Wow I work out 5xs a week so I'm conditioned but Derris kicked my ass for an hour PT.
Highly recommend! Never been to one of these places. Eric is a very nice and professional.  Great value 20.00 for hour massage, very peaceful, relaxing and clean. \nTreat yourself and support local business!
We tried to find a good pizza place and we did! Everything here was great! Decent happy hour prices, phenomenal specialty pizzas, and pretty good appetizers. Atmosphere is a bit dressy but prices are pretty average. We will be back for sure to try some more of the specialty pizzas!
This is a fantastic sushi place... every meal is served to perfection... each meal a work of art... LOVE it.
I don't write reviews, but went in for the first time and got a very well done haircut! The owner have me a cut and it was perfect!!! No complaints!
The Monster is BOMB!  1/2 pulled Pork 1/2 Brisket coleslaw hot BBQ jalapenos and pepper jack!  YUM!
Everyone here is wonderful.  Make no mistake this is no nationwide vision or Lenscrafters.  The doctors hear are very knowledgeable and down to earth.  I drive 45 minutes to go here.
The food here is expensive but super worth eating healthy and feeling good about yourself. The customer service is amazing.
These wings were delicious and crispy! We ordered the honey hot and they had great flavor. We got the order and a half for $10. The wing count came to 18. That's a great price for the amount of wings! We will most definitely come back here again and will recommend this place to our family and friends.
YES.  This was exactly what I needed.  Everyone I go to is a marvel in efficiency and obviously the price is right.  Make it a double and get a vanilla milkshake for dessert.  You can't go wrong.
Fantastic food! Nice staff... You get what you pay for : )
Can't go wrong with the food and prices. My favorite are the chicharron and Barbados tacos. TRULY DELICIOUS.
I absolutely love this place... Bill makes a lemon, strawberry, mint drink, not a mojito that is amazing.
Best show I've seen... amazing stage show, great re-mix of timeless beatles songs... great looking dancers :-)
Amazing food, super friendly staff, clean, good for couples, family, even solo, veery welcoming relaxing place. Coming back for sure.
Just stopped in for a drink, but the service was excellent and the smell was amazing!  Will surely be back to eat!
This place was awesome!   It's a questionable being a small shack in a parking lot but the food was incredible. I had the patty.   The caramelized onions melted into the beef and pepper jack cheese mixture.  It was a perfect combination of flavors.
We've driven by this place a number of times and never stopped in.  Finally did!! My quest for the Most Awesomest Tamale Ever had a giant leap forward tonight. YUM! We played Crazy Eights and enjoyed the laid back atmosphere as we awaited our food. NOM NOM NOM!!!!!
affordable, fairly classic french food\n\nsit outside if you like to people watch\n\nor \n\nsee the bellagio fountain show\n\nvery reminiscent of paris\n(on steroids!)
Worth the money!!! My friend bought a special for a pedicure and Swedish massage for two and OMG it was so worth the money. The Ravella has great amenities and the staff was super nice. I will be going back for sure. Great stress release.
There are so many interesting book~ just got three from there and they help to make my studies life more interesting~
In short, fuck diversity, fuck still smokin, fuck guerrilla radio and any other shop. No matter what side of town I live in I will always make the drive for any of my smoke shop needs to House Of Smokes. I've been going there for about 6 years now and I'll never go anywhere else!
Wonderful experience ! !  Our daughter treated me and her dad for dad's 75th Birthday.  We will be back for sure.....\nJust got home and plan to melt into our chairs for the rest of the evening.
Dr Quan is definitely a life changer!  She really focuses on the whole picture of all your needs, major and minor.   She gets you in the right direction in healing and staying healed.
Took my kids here today we tried a few of the parfaits we tried the runner And 2 other ones strawberry coconut I had the digest drink and was very good the kids loved it very clean place. I told the kids the parfaits were ice cream they didn't know the difference. We will be back.
What an amazing car buying experience I had here!!!  They know how to make you feel taken care of.  The dealership is gorgeous but the real treat here are the people.  Everyone is SOOO nice and accommodating.  It's \"above and beyond\" in everything they do.
My dad and I had lunch here today.  We were in a huge hurry.  The waitress rushed our order so we could get out on time.  Pizza was still awesome and service was the best!
Sushi lovers and non-sushi people can have an exceptional meal here, for a great price with wonderful service.\n\nAnd (lucky for me) in my neighborhood.  A gem!
Chickens so goood! and crispy!  even my mama likes it!
They made a small mistake on our order for which they went above and beyond to fix it. It was more than necessary and unexpected. The Kung pow chicken is great!
One of my favorite places. I work here, I relax here, I meet friends here, I'm not vegetarian but I eat that here and love every bite. \nYou can't go wrong stopping (or driving thru) by here.
Great food, the wait still sucks so get here early to avoid a long wait in the heat..
Timmy is so skilled! I always know I will leave his chair looking my best.
the best coffee in maricopa county.\n\nthere might be a place in SF that i like better...  but the commute's a bitch.
This location is hard to get to if you are not familiar with the area... but they are very helpful and fast to get you in and out.  My friend needed access to a large sum of money that he couldn't pull from an ATM, so we drove to this location and were able to get help.  Thanks NFCU
Love getting off work and being able to have a good glass of wine and food! Love this late night spot! Food till 1:30!!!!
This is an excellent place. The burgers are delicious. I have tried their Char-burgers, Tri-tip steak and chicken steak Sandwiches. They are very good.\n\nThe place is very clean and you can expect some wait time during lunch but nothing extreme. They get the food very fast.
Delicious!  There's one in LA that we used to go to, and the AZ one is just as good even though we're landlocked here!  Must gets are the:\n  -Spicy tuna on crispy rice\n  -Marinated Cod\n  -Baked crab hand roll in soy paper
It's bee awhile since i had my eyebrows threaded and it was not so painful. Mercy did a great job cleaning up my brows. I even brought my best friend who may now be a new customer. Thanks to this being a yelp event i found a new place to get my brows done again. Love it!!
We frequent all the time ! They actually just expanded the store front so the wait isn't as long anymore. One of the better AYCE in town. It's a must. A good spend for your dough.
Friendly staff, friendly patrons, excellent food, excellent prices! Great place to watch football! I love this local neighborhood bar.
Best Indian food on the strip! And the sweetest service you'll find at any Indian restaurant anywhere.
Best \"dogs\" in town. You need to try the Italian Beef. Worth the trip!
25 Trina Solar modules on my two story home and an SMA inverter in the garage. The projects was installed on time, no change orders and works beautifully.  Anthony and his crew were simply tip-top in every way.  Penetrations were properly sealed, outdoor conduit painted and all at a super competitive price.
Flos is my absolute fav spot for lunch in Scottsdale! You can't beat the prices, the service is fast and the food is always fantastic. They have done an amazing job for so many years. You can't go wrong for lunch!
I am in love with this place.  Its open 24 hours (yay friggin yay) the meat and onion sizzling makes me giddy!!  the sides i love.... i would probably come here everyday if it was cheaper.  Plus i get to catch up on my K-dramas too!!!
Loved this place - helpful staff, gorgeous rooms, no casino in the lobby and centrally located on the strip.  We stayed here for our honeymoon and couldn't have been happier with our stay.
not sure what's going on with the other people but I've loved this restaurant for years! the service is always excellent they treat you like family and the food is amazing especially for $18it's a perfect place to have dinner and then enjoy the lightshow afterwards!
Wow Las Vegas best kept secret! We conciser ourselves to be expert BBQ judges this is truly authentic BBQ. Owners are from Arkansas and are very polite. The pricing was reasonable and we will be visiting this place next time were here in town. Thanks for a great lunch.
Great atmosphere, great food, great service, fun patio, dog friendly, free homemade pet treats.  Love this place!!!
Hallelujah, I feel amazing!!  just wanted to thank my massage therapist for doing an awesome job!!!  I needed this today...
Surprisingly the food was excellent Long with the perfect margarita. Strong and the sandwiches were so big and filling we had a late dinner. Would recommend.
I like the new feel of this store. More open and friendly than some other Harris Teeters. I find that the meat and deli area to be very helpful and clean.
Becca did an amazing job helping me find a house in a tough market. Becca went above and beyond and even came with me on New Year's Eve to sign an offer! I would highly recommend her!!
This place is amazing!  Quality ingredients and the best service in town.  Oscar is the greatest server!!!  Delish chips and salsa! The food is amazing, the Burrito Tropical with grilled chicken is to die for!! mmhmm
What a great show!  I took my daughter for her birthday!  We had a great time!  We showed up about 30 minutes early and got right in.  It was organized perfectly& Britney was amazing!
Great neighborhood place. Fast friendly service. The food is excellent!  The breakfast burrito was amazing!  Prices good. Wish they were open weekends. But happy they are there during the week. Loved it!  Thanks Beth
The best value-for-your-money Portuguese place in Montreal. Great chicken and friendly service. A must-see.
You can't go wrong with Bertha's. Just go! Get anything. It's all good!  :)
This place is fantastic! We try something new on each visit and have always been wowed! The escargot are perfect. Last time we went, there was a teenager sitting at the table next to us and he knocked down two orders of them. Give the place a try
This place is phenomenal. I get the caniac and have them replace all the sides with more toast because the toast is just that good. Did I mention toast? If you just like toast you should go there, let alone getting awesome chicken and some Cane's sauce that you should save for the toast.\n\nToast.
Fantastic setting, away from the strip, for a more quiet non-touristic experience.  Have eaten my way around the menu and love the Lobster Bisque, the brick chicken, and some of the best flat breads outside of NYC.  5 stars, for food, wine, service, and d\u00e9cor.
The food is excellent--inventive, flavorful, and just damn good! We'll definitely be back next time we're in town!
The best kept secret of decent priced authentic Mexican food in Vegas. Order anything and your mouth willing be jazzing with delightness. Had to come back the next day because it's sooo good. Wait it long but worth it!
This place is actually selling organic food at affordable prices! Grass fed lamb, beef & chicken. Rainbow chard. I went to a Fresh52 farmer's market yesterday & decided to go to Sprouts instead of being disappointed.
Great food!  I am definitely going to become a regular there
Awesome shop with friendly folks working there. Needed a small batch of shirts for my friend's bachelor party and they were able to knock it out in under an hour. The shirts turned out great and I'll definitely be using them again for shirt printing. Price isn't bad, and they give discounts on bigger orders.
The tikka masala is to die for.  Love the food here.  The staff is also super patient about explaining the menu.  This is far from home but I'll still make the journey.  I hav dreams about the tikka masala.
The people that work there are great, and the food is so awesome and it's great that you can customize. I eat there ALOT. There is so much to choose from and it is all good.
My husband, son and I truly enjoyed the service and food! Great Meatball sandwiches, chicken wings are delicious and the brownie cheesecake we had was amazing! Met the owner Biaggio he was very friendly and kind. The waitress was also a sweetheart! Loved this Place! We will be back!
This is a great early morning spot for breakfast burritos. \nAll the staff is friendly and go out of their way to make you feel that your business is appreciated.
Excellent Pizza. We got the large with pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms. It was VERY busy on a Saturday night but we got our food in a reasonable time. I suggest ordering to go, seating can be limited. Will definitely come here again.
Love this place and turned on several of my friends to it as well.   Lunch special is just the right size for me but have done the AYCE sushi as well.  Haven't had a single bad meal there.
Best breakfast burrito in the valley. I have been here dozens of times since I have lived down the street forever and it is an old favorite. You will not be disappointed.
Absolutely love this location! My husband and I order a couple times a month and they never disappoint. When it's busy, the line goes quickly and the people are nice. A little smaller than other Chipotle locations but still a good one :)
my friend and i used to come here after hiking camelback.  you can't beat an excellent sandwich and sald w a crisp pitcher of beer or sangria.  we love the patio and the atmosphere along w the live musician they have on a sunday afternoon.
Great lunch spot! The menu is mostly sandwiches, salads, wine, & craft beer. The employees are really friendly and helpful.
Well thought out restaurant. Amazing, healthy food at a great price for the quality you are getting.  Ostrich burger is fantastic.
Dropped in to see what the breakfast was like here. Turns out they only have breakfast tacos and potatoes. They were very tasty and the salsa that came with them was excellent! They make the salsa in house. I will be back to try the dinner menu.
I have been going to BB Harington's for a few years now, mostly for my nails. Kim Ball is amazing and does great work! I will NEVER go to an Asian nail salon ever again! Nadia does my hair and is Amazing as well! I refer both Kim and Nadia every chance i get!
American gourmet Mexican. Very good! The taco salad is my fave but I've never had something here I didn't like!
I loved it! Yes, it will be crude and rude to some. After reading the previous reviews I expected much worse. Loved Penny. She cracked me up. It was a fast 90 min. I coulda gone for more.
Great coffee.  Yummy food. Friendly staff.  Super quick.\n\nWhat more could you ask for?
This place is the greatest!! The French toast are just incredible and staff is always happy and friendly. Great family place on a Sunday morning. \n\nBeats IHOP or Denny's ANY DAY!
Just moved here from Michigan a great find from my home state. Great people, great food, and great weather what else can you ask for???
Been frequenting this place weekly now for about 2 months. $5 daily specials can't be beat! Food is authentic Mexican style and very flavorful. Service is very good. Come hungry as portions are BIG! (Even with the $5 specials) I've recommended a few friends here and they enjoy it as well.
I miss this place.  Lots of live plants inside, and food that brought me right back home.
Great food and service. Prices are more than fair. The place is a great place to eat.
We keep coming back. Best sushi in town, excellent service, and great sake selection.
What an awesome sports bar!! Not to crazy but so fun :) Finally a great place in the neighborhood!! Looking forward to going back for FOOTBALL SEASON!!!
Very nice place ,  the ladies are very polite and friendly I would recommend  any one go there and get one of the best massage's you have every had and only 30 dollars , very good deal !!!
Great food and even better service!!!  After 10 visits never a bad meal or service. Great work.
Food is fabulous.  I usually go with the gyro platter or gyro salad.  Only down-side is they are closed on Sundays so the family can rest. \nThe food is also priced great for the portion and taste.  Never had a bad experience here.  Love it.
I have been coming here for 6 years and have always had an amazing experience.  The bartenders are always friendly - and in the dinning room, Jen is an absolute amazing person to have serve you.   Also, way cheaper for quality drinks right next to the strip.
Awesome rib eye steak!
I always try and get here at least once when I go to Madison.  The food is always good.  I love the tofu scramble.  A great mix of traditional diner food with some great healthy alts.
Great place, loved my pizza and wine the owner went out of his way to be sure we were having a good time. Happy hour prices helped too.. Walked out with a (pizza enough for 2) and a glass of wine for $14 total. Will return
The steamed pork buns are so tender and the spicy miso ramen was good! I love the matcha green tea, however. I didn't try a burger. That's on my to do list next time.
Best coffee flavored ice-cream I've ever had. I had the Vietnamese coffee ice cream on the pretzel cone. The saltiness of the pretzel cone mixed with the sweet coffee ice cream was amazing! It was hard to get a bite with ice cream and cone though.
Awesome food! I recommend the steak and gyoza. Best sauce is the white yogurt type sauce (forgot the name), great for dipping your gyoza.
Great Filipino food, my fave is kaldereta and pancit. DELISH!!!! Prices are decent too, nothing fancy inside just tables to eat and on the other side, is a mini grocery area.
My good friend introduce the place to me. I think Tian is the best!!!\nHe is very friendly and professional.
A LOVELY BUNCH OF BONES comes with each choco box during hawlowene. if chocolate could talk it would saw buauahahaha spooooky.
My boyfriend and I always get chicken fried rice with no veggies and a plate of orange chicken over rice. One time, we ordered chicken fried rice to go and the restaurant gave us some orange chicken on top. It really shows this restaurant cares about us and their other customers. Always a good time when we go there!
I love this spot! Lisa is is amazing and the girls are all so friendly! I always feel so relaxed when I leave.
Brandi skillfully crafted my daughter's ice cream cake to tantalizing Tinkerbell perfection. It was the hit of the party. Completed on time am with short notice, I was more than thrilled with the service, product and friendliness. I'm a happy customer.
Une place \u00e0 voir pour les amateurs de chocolat et bec sucr\u00e9. Il y a aussi des plats non-sucr\u00e9s pour ceux qui ne sont pas fou de cacao...
Mojitos.  Enough said.
Never disappointing. Patio seating is a must on nice days. Today we were told 15-30 minute wait but were seated within 10. \n\nGreat view of the Bellagio fountain. Salmon eggs Benedict are amazing.
4 stars for yumminess and 1 for value.  i think i've made at least 1 stop at ichiza in 9 of my last 10 trips to vegas.  don't order from the menu - order off the wall!
yummy!\nawesome 1940's-50's look the food was excellent!\nwhen is it open? 24 hours a day, 365 days a year
They came to my rescue and are genuine people
My second visit here and the food and service was great.  Not too far off the strip and worth the short drive to get here.  I had the Chorizo Scramble with tortillas which was excellent.  Service was top notch and our waitress very accommodating.  Get off the strip and have a great breakfast!
Took my cousin and her 2 little ones here and we both loved it. The food was on point and the drinks are fabulous. They even give kids stuff for their entertainment. If you like burgers, you should like this place too.
Uh oh! We're back....this time it's our 21 year old with an ear infection, strep and running a fever! This emergency room is like heaven. No wait, the most efficient staff and the best doctors. Seriously, it's like having a personal medical team on call just for us....
Great experience! Moved within their time limit, no damage whatsoever, funny guys.
This place is so fabulous! Each dish is perfectly prepared and makes you feel like it was made special just for you. \n\nMy husband and I were very impressed with this darling little place.
I think best Theater in Vegas!
Everything was delicious for the breakfast we ate here and they were very accommodating for our ten month old baby.  He even got to enjoy their delicious yogurt parfait on their relaxing patio :)
Perla is an amazingly wonder stylist. I drive all the way from Henderson just for her! The girls at my job all go to her too and not one has been disappointed.  Honestly going to anyone besides Perla for a haircut is silly.  She is a master of her craft!
I love the employees at this location. I'm a regular and they are so welcoming each time I enter the door. There is always a smile on their face. This is the location for me and I will always be a regular there.
Definitely worth the price of admission.  Although the \"clown\" portions of the show are probably the worst I've ever seen, the rest of the show makes up for it.
Stetson Chopped Salad. Enough Said.
Best chef, wait staff and ambience in town, topped off by a menu with ample flexibility.
wow ! great job elizabeth richert  great color!  the best hair stylist out there ! she can fix anyone mistakes !
great selection of import beers and cheap wine. Thats the main draw for us. Nice staff and in-store wine tastings. Often items are cheaper than the grocery store.
Been here a few times. Has the local neighborhood bar atmosphere while appealing to a broader audience. Food, especially wings, is always a step or two above what you would expect. Very reasonable beer prices. Definitely going to try and catch a Steeler game here sometime soon.
Tried East Coast Eats for the first time today. Love it!! Friendly, courteous service, incredible, varied menu selection, awesome food, and generous portions. Fresh seafood, who knew? The fish and chips, spaghetti and meatballs and hot wings were delicious. We will be back!!!
AH-Mazing!! \n\nGreat food, great drinks. We've been here about four times. Sometimes there's a wait but that's because it's sooooo good!!
Just tried this place for the first time tonight and we really liked it! The staff was very friendly. We ordered an appetizer and they were out of part of what it came with usually, so they substituted it with something even better. We got the orange chicken and Sing High fried rice, both of which were very good. We will be back!
Great place! I was staying at Caesars. I had no plans to eat there but was pacing buy and thought we would try it out. Originally we went in just for a drink and some appetizers, but it was so good ended up staying for dinner. Great place, reasonable prices, considering it's Vegas and everything is expensive.
We used the Yelp deal and ate for about $12. The dumpling soup was excellent, as was my Black Forest sandwich. The cookies were also a delight.
It's a big venue.  Seats about 5-7 thousand I'm guessing.  There are some lounge n food areas.  It's beautiful...  They have great, big named Christian artist concerts.  Their sports are great games n monsoon/havoc section are a huuuuuge support! :)
Perfection!!! by far the best services ever. Great food and Great ambiance.\nThey even honored a coupon we had for locals. Even though we were just visitors..
Best place in town for Friday night Prime Rib!
Sandra is awesome. Thorough but very gentle when waxing \"delicate areas\". I also started getting her pumpkin facials which are awesome. She takes good care of my skin, head to toe ;-)
Great juices and lunches! I'm not in the area often but would go out of my way just to come back!
So glad I stopped into this place while walking by last week. Great atmosphere, wonderful wine selection, and there wasn't a morsel of food left on my plate, it was so good. My sister and I could have sat there all night.
Really enjoyed this place. Great food and friendly staff. Food was great! The sweet and sour pork was crispy and the sauce was delightful! My favorite part of the night was devouring the Ragoons. They had such an amazing flavor to them! \n\nGood price, Good food, Good people!
OMG. This is the best BBQ ever. Ole Bill's recipe has no match.  The mac 'n cheese is heaven on earth.
Best restaurant downtown, no question about it.  \n\nPricey but worth it for a special occasion.  \n\nI had the grilled salmon with a tomato and mango salad, it was fantastic, best piece of fish I have had in a while.  \n\nOlder crowd is a detractor.
Off the charts.  Delicious.  How can a boiled rib taste so good!   Huge portions.  Really nice staff.  Thoroughly impressed.   A must eat local.
Came in and ended up getting an awesome accessory.   The owner gave me an insanely good deal!  I'll go back here for any accessories from now on.
Tried the shellac and it's perfect.  I've also noticed that the staff takes the time to make conversation and knows their repeat customers - it's much warmer and friendlier than your typical nail salon.  And as before, it's very clean.
Super impressed with this location. Had another auto shop tell me I needed brakes and other stuff done. I got a groupon for here and went to have the work done. They were honest and told me I didn't actually need most of the stuff I asked for. Hands down the most honest place I have found in the industry.
This place is authentic and awesome! Best Italian I've ever had. Large petition sizes. The calzones, meatball subs, and baked ziti were amazing!
Went during restaurant week in July. Great food. Great atmosphere. Comfortable but nice.  Pleasant staff.  Whenever we requested specific meats, they ensured they quickly came. Cheese bread.. to die for. My boyfriend and I were quite happy with everything.
I rarely give 5 stars to a restaurant, but if I could I would give it 6 stars. Everything about this place is amazing. The food and service was amazing. I recommend the crab cakes and salmon dishes. Extra special thanks to the manager for taking care of our additional needs.
Feels like little Italy. Tyler takes pride in what he does. Great food ..loved it. We will be back for sure.
I love this place! Staff is always friendly! There's the coolest stuff inside. Every soda I could think of. I love it!
The Staff is so friendly and helpful.  They have great stuff and great prices.  Lots of options. It's great
Love the Italian sodas that they have here! Will go out of my way just to have a soda! I've had their coffee too but the soda is my favorite. \n\nThe only thing I wish they would do for more convenience would be to stay open later than 5 pm.
First time here an must say the the food was excellent. I ordered the ribeye steak, which was cooked perfect and well seasoned. Also ordered two appetizers...the beer battered pickles and pepper cheese poppers. Both were good. Service was very good....Highly recommend.
This place is a little expensive, but worth it.  Nice ambience with live music.  I enjoyed the scallops - locals recommend this place for seafood - and the asparagus.  They are the best scallops I have ever eaten!  The service is also great with attractive waitresses as a bonus ;-)
Excellent service, very clean and best of all an awesome steak.  Will be going back many times.  Loved the mashed potatoes and Mac and cheese, great sauce and mushrooms.
I used Stuart once on a whim and he's been my go to guy ever since, his recipes are EXCELLENT, his presentation is fabulous and his pricing it very reasonable. I have no problem recommending him to others, he's as good as it gets.
Free samples!!! All locations that I have been to always have free samples, which is great for testing out new flavors. The service is good, the bundt cakes are amazing! I love the lemon flavor.
Authentic Mexican pleasure all around.\nToday I had fish tacos and they were amazing. My husband looks like he's in heaven as he's eating his pozole.\nYou must try this place. It's our FAVORITE for margaritas and Mexican food.
Great place will be back... Jock welcomed us had good conversation and answered questions i had no problem will be back
I ABSOLUTELY love this boutique! The clothes were made for divas in heaven, and the women in there were very polite and helpful! Great sales!
I handed them my poop and they took it,  what else can I say.  Specimen drop off is very easy.  You sign in,  they ask for insurance card and then you hand them your labeled specimen.
I love the food here. It's always so good and fresh. Also the people here are really nice and kind.
Fantastic atmosphere, great service and the food was delicious. I've finally found a good Mexican restaurant in Vegas!  3 years later...
ATI has been continuously helpful to me and my business associates
The Capastrami is the best and most unique I've ever had.  Staff is friendly and helpful.
The atmosphere is clean and relaxing, and the services were great. The price is right, so overall I will happily return!
Tonya is super sweet and the front desk people are very helpful
Bomb Dot Com. Must try the hot wings and their iced coffee is pretty strong, if you like coffee. I prefer the Thai Iced Tea. Mmm perfect! Nice clean environment, friendly staff and nice little waiting area, so you're not just standing around awkwardly.
Great breakfasts, veerrry attentive staff, and dog-friendly!  What else can I say?\n\nOh yeah, wonderful patio with outdoor bar, and quaint French-inspired bathrooms (waterclosets? :) ).
Just had breakfast with the family at Black Bear. Stuffed to the gills. Boy this neighborhood needed a great diner.
The food and the service was really good. Best burgers in town. The stuff very was friendly.
I have been enoying Lim's for almost 19 years when they opened early in the 90's.  I have rarely been disappointed by anything I ordered.  Everything from soup to their homemade sweet and sour sauce..you will never find anything cheaper with more flavor!
Carnitas huevos rancheros. Oh so good. And our server Natasha was fabulous. I love the concept that on busy days if you need anything,  all you do is flip the sign and the servers know you need help. Genius! Wish one was in my neighborhood. ..
Amazing!! Everything we have ordered from this place has been delicious.  This is are go to Thai place in south Charlotte. The staff is well trained and can answer any question you have and also gives great recommendations. The atmosphere is nothing fancy or upscale but the food is very good truly authentic tastes! We love it!  Try this place!!
Delicious frozen yogurt. I had a coupon and tried like 5 different flavors with some almonds for a topping. It was awesome! Apparently it's not even bad for you so I didn't feel guilty afterward. Yum!
Happy hour from 2-5pm for slushies and 8-midnight for shakes.
I come to Tempe for work on occasion. I was craving sushi for dinner and found this place. I eat alot of sushi, and this sushi is very good and affordable! I would definitely eat here again. I came by myself and the service was great. Everyone was very friendly and social.
Absolutely delicious gourmet pizza!! So glad Round Table is in our neighborhood!! The lunch buffet is awesome too-- all you can eat pizza and salad bar for just $6.99! Great deal! Love this place! Best pizza delivery ever!
Within walking distance from my apartment - I felt good about walking to get my groceries when I knew I would be given more organic choices - without the snobby upsell.  Trader Joe's is doing everything right by keeping things simple, tolerable and light hearted
Super nice employee, Tony was very helpful & made us a custom nicotine free flavor! Plenty of testers & flavors to choose from!
Great rates excellent  dealers, \nHave been staying at the Mirage for over 19 years. Still feels comfortable.\nDoes need some upgrading.
This place is amazing!!! I have never been to a vape lounge with not only 100 different flavors but the fact that I was allowed to try each and every one and have them spend over an hour with me explaining all the mods available to me!\n\nThis is Definately my new spot!!!
BEST BREAKFAST IN LAS VEGAS. \n\nWe left and were so full, but felt energized - that feeling you get after eating WELL! We were ready to tackle the day in good old Vegas. Thanks SkinnyFats!
What can I really say about this Costco that hasn't already been said before. I love shopping here. With the amount of food that my boys eat, I have to come here quite often. It helps me save money and I always fill up my tank here.
I love Michele, my hair looks great, seriously never better. I have super frizzy curly hair, and she did a Keratin complex blowout, and after I had beautiful straight, shiny hair. It even looked longer. I love it, and I love her. You need anything, she is the one to ask for.
Little Cesar's move over there is a new sheriff in town!! Great little pizza joint with good customer service, will def be back again and again!!!
This place is amazing.  The service is always top notch, it's the kind where they get to know you fast and have your coffee (or ice coffee) ready by the time you pull up to the window.  Great for all sorts of coffee with extra shots.
Vegetarian falafel wraps are perfectly spicy, delicious and wallet-friendly. They take a while to make but it's well worth the wait. Tip: one falafel wrap is enough to feed two people.
Great venue for spring training games. Parking is reasonable and it's a very clean stadium.
We've been looking for a classic pizza replacement since La Rocca's moved to Oregon. This is it. Perfect proportion of crust to cheese to sauce. Oodles of concentric pepperoni circles. But it was the parmesan crust that brought a solid 4-star pizza up to 5-stars.
Came here for lunch and enjoyed how fresh the food was. Ordered the salmon salad and also dabbled at the oysters as an appetizer dish. I was also surprised at the bread - I couldn't get enough of it.
I moved to Vegas .. And was looking for a new place to get my hair done . I found this place on yelp.. Made a appointment - everyone was very friendly .. I love - love my extensions  an amazing job done by Anna. Great job and very professional .. \nThanks you Anna :)
Just wanted to update and say that Danny's is absolutely working out the kinks! Past few visits = great service. The menu always has something interesting and different (for Tega Cay.) Well done!
Update - I returned after 5 years. It's still the same deal: plenty of fries, chicken, and a homeopathic dose of salad. But that's OK. You're not going there if you're vegetarian or on diet.
Great sushi! Very nice people. The rolls were great, a real work of art. This is my NEW favorite sushi place.
The best Doctor Office EVER!!!  Great office staff, nurse practitioner and pediatric doctor.  My daughter loves their office and so do I.  I would recommend the office to anyone with a child!
Simply put, they got the message. The staff was not only better trained but genuinely engaging, helpful and fun. That's the Ferragamo image and it's great to be able to upgrade this fine store!
I needed a safe, reliable ride from the airport because I had a tight time frame. Saw the great reviews on yelp and I am totally satisfied with the service. On time, professional, got me to my event on time. Highly recommend!
This is by far the best Mac & Cheese I have ever had!!!!
I love Costco!
this may be the only place in scottsdale i would take out of scottsdale and relocate to somewhere close. it is that good, even with the chain shops and restaurants.
Went on a Sunday when Pomegranate had a freshly made Coconut Lime Cake.  I have discovered a new reason to live  :) mmmmm
Great people,  very helpful staff! Room was very clean and very nice. Food was fantastic at Planet Dailies with great service. Can't wait to go back again. Hip Strip view at the hotel is highly recommended! !
Amazing customer service! Nick and his crew do amazing work.  They came to my house to pick up my Harley.  Everything was done same day and I am ready to ride!! I think I found my new shop. My buddies will be coming here for now on if they still want to be my friend.
When a car accident happens and repairs are needed many hands are working on the vehicle and sometimes confusion and lack of communication ensues. NOT at INVISION! From start to finish the process is seamless. Communication is never lost as I have found in the past. What a great group of people to trust with my damaged car.
I love this place. Great greek food and great place to eat.\nThe address is actually at 59th and just north of Olive ave.
Great chips, good consistent food, love the Con Queso dip. Clean restaurant and one of the few Mexican restaurants I like in the Phoenix area. Nice patio with fireplace for the cooler nights. Great service.
First visit, very good service and their food is fresh. Lunch is only $6. Includes soup, egg roll, crab puff and entree. Kung pao beef was very good!
What's not to love about Dicks?  The food is good, the bar is stocked, and the staff is entertaining.  If you're looking for somewhere that has no dress code or cover and a great cover band head to Dicks on any weekend night.
Love this place. The location and the sushi is top notch. It's our favorite. I highly recommend it.  The reverse happy hour is the best and it keeps your bill lower.
Cool place. Cool peeps. Cool doorman. :)
I came here visiting from Colorado. It was a wonderful experience. Polite staff, quick service, great breakfast food. Menu was extensive, and large portions for the price. Everything I would want for a breakfast place, smaller but plenty of room. Well worth the wait. I would definitely return here. Wish the owner was still in Colorado now!
Highly recommend this place for quick, quality food with great presentation.  Not served in Togo containers lol.
NYC style right in Scottsdale. Love the high end, hard to find designer pieces and the brands are amazing. The staff is very helpful in putting together looks.
One of my favorite breweries in AZ! Steve and his staff are so friendly and they allow dogs on the patio. I love their belgians, ales and IPAs.
Im a huge applebees fan, only the happy hour tho lol. \nI have been to alot around the valley and i just moved to laveen, and this one is the best one i have ever been to. this place is 2.3 miles away from man that's just amazing for me...
Animal Style!
So good!  Refreshing and I love a 'Mom and Pop' place to go like this with our family!  Good peeps!
The Minigun was a friggin blast at 4500 rounds per min. Doug was great on the range! Was my daughter bday and she got a bonus Hello Kitty AK.
Loved this show! Its like burlesque, a comedy show, and and Circ du Soleil combined. If you're in Vegas and haven't seen it yet, go see it. The absinthe drinks they serve are super tasty too.
Two of my best friends got married here a couple of weeks ago and it was a beautiful venue! I was impressed with everything and the lady who was taking care of the event was great.
I love this place!! Being too polish to function in Phoenix sometimes is hard but this place has all the classics! Everything is made fresh in the morning.
Love this place, Love the service, love the food! One of our favorites.
Best hot dog in Phoenix, hands down. Very nice atmosphere and dogs are grilled right in front of you. What it great about this place is that it is a family owned business and you can see historic pictures from the original place in New York. A can't miss in Tempe.
This place is awesome. So much fun to have here posing with the incredibly life like figures. Check out the 4D show downstairs by the marvel comics section. AMAZING!!!
The food at Davios is  excellent, service is wonderful.
Called them to jump start a car with a dead battery. Arrived quicker than promised, knew exactly what to do, charged me exactly what the guy on the phone said they would. The guy who showed up, Hasan, was polite, professional, and efficient. Highly recommend Larry's.
In n Out Burger totally lives up to the hype. We ate here basically every day for lunch when we were in Arizona. A double double with grilled and raw onions plus a chocolate shake...I wonder if I lived near an In n Out Burger, how soon I would get sick of it? I bet it would take awhile.
Great service, I got two iphones fixed within an hour for $140 \nThey work perfect!
Excellent service! And delicious coffee...my favourite is : cold or hot white russian :)
Love, love, love this place. My lunch break is at 8am in the morning and they always let me make a greek salad early in the morning. Food is always fresh and service is awesome!
Michael was amazing. He was so helpful and cared about our case and took the time to explain everything to us. He was able to resolve our case better than any other Attorney could have. He's a persistent Attorney  who didn't let up on the prosecutor.
The rooms were clean. The hotel was quiet. We had an awesome stay. Shaq, the front desk manager was great. He greeted us by name each time we came in and out. We would definitely stay there again when we are in Las Vegas.
Recommend it.
Armand had everything all set for me when I arrived.  The service was completed and I was on my way in a very short time.  I love the service at Earnhart Cadillac.
Good atmosphere. Kool little coffee shop.  Offers almond milk so it automatically beats Starbucks! Barista came up to me and handed me my coffee. Definitely reccomended!
Such a nice fitness center! Beautiful entrance and clean equipment. Staff is friendly and I love the free swim cap with check in. This pool is salt water so your skin won't feel dry or flakey after finishing your workout.
The Sparks vs. Mercury this playoff game was awesome. The Phoenix Mercury always give 100% we have the best WNBA team  here in Phoenix. A great value for your entertainment dollar.
Every time I have used desert taxi, they have been so nice on the phone when I order a taxi, and the driver has always showed up early. In fact, If I wasn't ready, they always said, take your time.
Wow! New management and it shows. It has the same charm it always has...but spiffier!!  A little cleaner, a little more updated/yet authentic....  The biggest change?  The service was STELLAR!  Totally on top I ever table and super, super nice & friendly.
DAMN, this place is good!
I love this studio.  Cheryl is a talented instructor who gives a great deal of positive energy to the yoga community in Las Vegas.  I have been coming to her studio since 2008 and have never left without feeling better than when I arrived.  I would highly recommend a visit to Blue Sky Yoga.  Their heart is absolutely in the right place! 100% pure yoga.
Great service, they're pretty fast! It's by far the best ayce sushi place I've been to. Presentation is amazing. 2 words SEAFOOD SALAD!!
I love the Forum shops, Vegas has the best selection!
Stayed here for a free night and made a few bucks! The room was clean and the casino was not busy at all. I would definitely stay here again if passing thru and need a place to stay.  The food  was pretty good.  There are many slots and about a dozen table games... Lots of parking and valet.
Really enjoy the fresh food served here at Wildflower Bread Company. One of our favorite places to dine at for our Saturday lunch dates.
Wow. Waited in a super long line for a really short time. Really fast service which was surprising because the sandwiches were delicious. Come here and order any of the hot sandwiches. You'll be happy you did.
DELICIOUS !!!  Very cool atmosphere, casual yet upscale, fun but not stuffy.  WONDERFUL food.  You have to try it.
I've seen 8 Cirque Du Soleil's.\n(This is from a different company)\n\nThis beats all of them.\nHard to imagine, but true.
This place is fantastic awesome coffee great food and awesome deserts great service and it's 24 hours a must try for everyone
Tasty. Service was prompt. Appreciated the TVs to watch games on. Food was good for a brewery.
I really liked the place. Went and got half-priced pizza on a Wednesday. The waiter was on top of the drinks and they had a magician doing some dope magic tricks. The pizza was great in my mind and even better for the price I paid. I'm definitely going back.
All of the positive reviews for this place is legit. I came here right before flying out of Phoenix; definitely in the top 3 Mexican restaurants that I have ever been to. Food was extremely flavorful and the portion was big from what I remember.
The wait staff were very friendly! The lunch specials are big portions! Two could easily share! Sweet n sour chicken and Cream cheese wontons were excellent! I would definitely eat here again!
Amazing Customer Service and such a beautiful salon!  It's definitely a must to stop by and shop for Bridesmaid gowns...they've got the best selection
Very typical Starbucks, but with some very comfy leather chairs. Clean environment with friendly staff.  On par with the better Starbucks locations.
Everything was on point. Service was exceptional food was impeccable. Also check out the awesome view from the patio when your done! Can't wait to go back next time I'M in Vegas.
Eli & the rest of the gang here are amazing! Stop in and let them give you a demonstration; you won't regret it!
Good place to go to after a night of partying.  Fast, yummy and perfect to eat when you don't want to feel like shit the next morning.  It's just a good and cheap alternative to the other places that vegas has.
My children love coming  for dinner here. Always great food and tasty desserts! I love their coconut shrimp - ymmy :-)
What makes a local food store amazing? Come here and check by yourself. Fooding and caring, at a very high level. Prices are quite high as well, the experience comes at a cost but quality is worth the money.
I really like the atmosphere of this place. I think they were a little short staffed or something the night I was there because service was a little slow. But they made up for it by treating me to a margarita. Enchiladas with chicken and red sauce were quite decent!
Excellent seafood!! The mahi tacos are my favorite!!
I am very impressed with JDT's service. My sister needed to get her garage door taken care of so we called Jason at JDT. He took care of it right away and everything worked out great. I would recommend them any friends and family.
Very nice place with extremely friendly staff.  The food was similar quality to other Mexican food places in the NW Valley....good but not spectacular.   Very good portions for the price.  \n\nI don't live close by but will certainly go back when I am in the area.
One of our favorite pizza places!  We usually take out, but the times we have eaten there have been enjoyable as well.  Their Pizza and Salads are very good!
I just started going to this place and they are very nice and helpful.  I will be getting a hair cut and treatment done here soon and will review again after!
When in Edinburgh I would recommend a stop. This place has stuff you just cant get anywhere else. The staff was friendly and helpful and it didn't hurt that they offered free samples... Maybe that's why I enjoyed myself so much and bought so many things. The Vodkas were my favorite!
Eating, Drinking and Gambling all in one place...you cannot beat it! I put my standard $50 on Russell Baze to win the 9th race @ Golden Gate Fields and parlayed my $230 winnings into a night of good food, good booze and debauchery.
Nadya is amazing. She is a kind, sweet woman is does a great job. Will be bringing all my alteration needs to her!
Hurray for happy hour! 98 South has an awesome happy hour and you should totally go.\n\nGet a dirty martini, red red wine and half price appetizers. Usually on Monday nights they have an awesome couple playing jazz. They're really cool man.\n\nCheers.
While they do have an lot of items to choose from in there..They didn't carry everything I needed /: but overall and good place to stop by for any camera needs.. The prices are reasonable and employees are very knowledgeable.
Hunter met me after I installed a new screen, but wasn't seeing anything on my phone. He was quick to respond to my inquiry, met me on time, explained everything, was very friendly... And best of all he fixes my phone. I truly appreciate the high quality service!
the service was excellent the food was good not 100% amazing the prices are very high and I will definitely say when food is worth it and I think it was semi worth it. Great ambiance very romantic. I dont think I would go back but I do think it was a good experience
The rolls are awesome! Caesar salad was on point. The ribeye is to die for. My least favorite was the loaded mashed potatoes (which is normally my favorite). Great if you like loud environments.
I love Tokyo Lobby! Their happy hour is fantastic. The rolls are always fresh and delicious. I love sitting on the patio during the cooler months! ;)
A great place with the best people who go above and beyond to serve and assist you. I would definitely recommend it to anyone. Whether you just wish to try archery out for the first time, make it a hobby, or if it's a serious interest, or sport you're already involved in. This is the perfect place to go.
Loved it here. Decor is cute and inviting. Our waitress was attentive and we got so comfortable that we didn't realize two hours had passed. Each booth has a small television and it was nice to have pizza and watch ESPN at the same time. Food was good. We will return.
One of my favorite local places to catch dinner with the kids. Everything we have had has been great and the wait staff is always helpful. Love the large beer selection.  Its kind of loud so don't go expecting a quiet night out. I
So we came to Montreal looking for the perfect Crepe. This place delivered. The savory crepes were excellent, and the dessert crepes were over the top. I would highly recommend finding this place.
Love their massages !! It's not a big place, but the service is great and their massotherapists are very good at what they are doing... I have been there a couple times now, they treated my shoulder and neck pain and now no more headaches :) definitely worth it!
Jus got done with one of THEE BEST steak hogies I have had east of the Mississippi in a VERY LONG time. Totally fricken SKIRUMPTOUS !! And the Plain Breaded wings were fried to perfection !!! Great Job Patrick !!! Peace - Taz from TN
Would definitely stay here again. If you're looking for a calm, relaxing stay after all the stimulating sound and lights of the strip, this is your place! Rooms are very clean and beds are comfy!  \nThea Wright the guest services rep was amazing. So nice and very helpful.
It was decent for the price - it was cheap, but clean and quiet.  Travis at the front desk was quite helpful and understanding of our unique situation.
Had two ear piercings and a very small tattoo done yesterday. Staff was professional and shop seemed very clean! I was happy with my experience and will probably go back for more in the future.
Take out review only.\n\nI tried the carne asada burrito which was clean & not greasy. The flavor was pretty good - a little Americanized, but was pretty good.
Seriously, my favorite place in the entire Valley.  Fabulous food in a casual environment.  Excellent service, great drink menu.  Every time i eat here, i rave about the food.  I usually have the Pollo Cubano.  Its simply delicious.  An entree is about $20.  And worth every penny!
We were in Chandler just for the day and checked yelp for a good place to have Mexican food and saw the review on Abuelo's and chose it.  It was great! We would go there again next time in town, highly recommend it , good service, good food, good price.
My family and I have enjoyed take out from Yogi's for years and the quality of their food is always as expected. Their portions are great for the price!\n\nSimply put, if you want some good teriyaki, Yogi's will not disappoint!
We stared using Insectek last year and we are still bug free.  Very good service at a great price.
Very impressed!  We ordered crab Rangoons which where plump and full of filling. Lots of crab , a little more cream cheese would have made them the best ever!! Chicken satay was also great!!! We also ordered the pad Thai which was decent although it lacked flavor.  I will def order from here again though!
That was amazing. I'm convinced this guy is a wizard. I waited for 5 minutes and my phone was brand new. My screen was SUPER shattered. Plus he gives you a little warranty! I'm ecstatic! Thank you!!
Great event! The food and drinks were awesome, cant wait to hit up Outback for happy hour some time soon! Thanks to everyone who came and mingled and made it very entertaining. It was nice to meet a bunch of new people as always and personally I liked the bar atmosphere
For starters, Soft shell crab, spicy tuna and Gyoza.  Fried rice,  New York steak, and Chicken all cooked on a hibachi grill by the talented Daniel son. \n\nFresh food, great taste and you are able to share portions..overall good experience. I shall return...
Seriously have some very good pizza for a very reasonable price. Came here twice in a day because it was so damn good. The margharita, and verde pizza both amazing - can't go wrong with either .
My wife and I stayed at the Venetian last weekend for 2 nights.  The room was great, quiet, large and clean.  The Sin City bar has good beer, same with the Public House rest.    The only negative would be charging for in room wifi and using the internet in the business center .
Who goes to Vegas & goes to PF Chang's? Rofl. Well, we were hungry, staying at Planet Hollywood & had been up since 5am. Sooooo, this is how we ended up here. PF Chang's is always great. No wait, service was good & the food was delicious! No complaints!
This is your typical quick service Greek menu, but is a real step up from the others around town. It's probably the food service gyros and such from the weekly delivery truck. As far as I can tell, the chicken is marinated in house. \n\nGreat Tzatziki sauce and a deep menu.
I work downtown and FEZ is one of my favorite places for lunch. The services is always fast, friendly and helpful. The food is consistently great! I love the menu which has a nice variety of some unique items.\nTry the Apricot BBQ as a wrap and grilled. Delish!
Food is fresh, excellent atmosphere, sometimes hard to get a table and have strange hours but they don't get knocked for that because the food is incredible. outdoor patio is tranquil, even with the busy southside right out the other door. even something as simple as a sandwich there is made to perfection
Best Sandwiches ever!!! You will love it....
The tuna tataki here is one of my favourite things to eat, and at 22 servings for $65 the giant punch bowls are a great way to celebrate life. Bonus fun: go read the graffiti on the back wall from back in the day when this joint was one of the sketchiest drug dealer bars in the city.
When you're drunk and don't want to walk, this is a good option.  Sit down, relax and enjoy the ride and the billion dollar views.  At least you know you won't be getting ripped off by a sly taxi driver.
I always come here to get my car washed. My car gets pretty clean for only $3, and I love the free vacuuming, can't beat that.
Charming Charlie has a wide selection of jewelry and handbags and very reasonable prices.  It's a fashionable store in the Town Square Center near downtown Las Vegas.\nThere are greeted at the door professionally treated and will quite satisfied with our purchases.\nWell recommended would return again!
Great selection with decent prices. Free wifi and a decent rewards card. Great lunch date place! A lot of children but that could be a pro or con!
I used this company to clean the carpet on a few of my rental properties. The service is very good, the owner is very nice and knowledgable. The price was extremely reasonable l, he works with you on the pricing and the work was flawless. A couple of my clients complimented even complimented how clean the carpet was.
Awesome service friendly staff.. And the the food was tasty, and full of bursting flavor get the TK burger. The bartender was cut above the rest.
Time to sweat! This place is hit or miss but I can't judge yet bcuz we still have the New Years Resolution Crowd in attendance! :)
Went here several weeks ago. My one complaint is that it is TOO dark. The food was okay, nothing special. The staff was wonderful and very attentive.
This is a good sushi place.  It's in Old Town Scottsdale and does draw a trendy crowd.  My wife and I had an enjoyable time (the large sushi boat is very nice).  The service was very good.  It only gets four, not five, stars because it's \"Spendy.\"
This place has really stepped it's game up. After going through growing pains, overall this place is really hit it's stride. \n\nGreat food, great beers, and awesome ambiance.
Being from Chicago, I couldn't help but crave deep dish pizza on a regular basis. This place didn't disappoint me at all! Truly Excellent!
This place is deliciousness! Everything we got was amazing and we were lucky and showed up during happy hour! The Cajun albacore and the tuna tostadas were so good! Everything was great! Thank you Julie for being such an awesome server!
Our favorite Korean place in town. We live on strip and will travel because it's that good. Great service too.
I love this place ! such a big variety of delicious meals to order. No WayJose burger is the best, i think so:) Service is amazing. The only minus is that it is always busy there.
Great experience!!! The petite brunette vet tech at the front (I forgot to get her name) was absolutely lovely and sweet as can be. The Dr. was very honest and forward. Never once felt like we were being sold on anything. Great experience. Thanks, we will definitely be back.
I needed to drink so we pulled into this Burger King. Was pleasantly surprised. Ordered a couple double cheeseburgers and chicken and everything was fresh hot and delicious. Good job Burger King
Pink fried rice is awesome! And lemon butter shrimp is the best I've ever had!
Great place for a cut. Fast, skilled barbers who pay attention to detail. Convenient downtown location. I was visiting from California and need a fresh cut. I couldn't be happier with the results.
This place is a gem for spicy food lovers.  Been here twice on my Vegas trips and all the dishes I have tried did not disappoint! Can be packed at times but they serve fast. Go hungry to fill up your stomach with yummy food!
Great Pizzas and a phenomenal cous cous salad! Good service and a cool outdoor patio. It is located inside a converted house, which makes it very homey and comfortable.
I really like brunch at Big Grove!  The chicken hash and chili scramble are great; the cinnamon roll was nothing special.  The servers are nice, and the booths are comfy. I also love that they source their food locally!
Best poke I absolutely love love love this place spicy salmon is my fav fav fav
Had the Devil Went Down to Georgia. It had a good amount of heat, shrimp were huge and cooked well, overall a great lunch. They also deliver, which was great.
I like pho in here. Very light and fresh
The brisket and drunken shrimp are great.  live muic was fun on patio.  New owners have done a great job with refresh and menu.  New servers are nice.  Price was right
I shop here all the time. Love the easy savings. I think the produce section could use some help and lately I have noticed that shelfs are often empty and not restocked\nLove the staff. They are very nice and efficient.\nYou can also get a fresh good coffee made for you while you shop.
love this place so much.  they have the best mac and cheese.  my husband and son are always wanting sauce when we do take out nights.  there is not much i can eat there being gluten free.  there salads are great.  the staff is super friendly and helpful!
Always delicious, best Gyro I've had. Very reasonably priced and the owner is extremely friendly. Very nice guy, very quick getting your food (which is always fresh to order), the portions are large and filling and the food always tastes so fresh, cooked just right. Cannot go wrong here, highly recommended.
Bad a$$ food!! Wish they sent out coupons, I would have eaten here sooner! Food was awesome, and service was speedy and friendly! Much better than other BBQ places for less $$!!
Another one of Joe's great places. Been coming here for over 3 years now and have yet to be disappointed in anything. Been to the community dinners too. If you have not it's a must. Differently should put the duck confit enchiladas on the menu PLEASE!!!
The best use I can think of for the former Fess Hotel in Madison.  Boisterous, full of brews and good pub food, the Great Dane is a great place to fill up, either liquid or not.
Awesome place to stay if you have kids. We got the 3 bs penthouse and it was fabulous. Totally recommend this place. Pools are clean and in a great location.
Everytime I came here, they always have 50% off everything.  Are they always having sales and not show any signs at all?  I'm sad that the wallet I purchased 2 years ago are no longer in production.  Looks like I'll need to find something else to crave my collection.
Excellent coffee and service.  Great employees who are helpful and welcoming.  The grab and go food is a great option for people on the go.
Very nice hotel. The rooms are very nice, but for the same price I thought the rooms at Venetian was better. \n\nStaff is very friendly. Was able to upgrade for free to a fountain-view room and they even gave me complimentary line passes to the Bellagio buffet.
My husband and I had a great experience at miracle in progress and they were able to tell us the sex of our baby right away. We were very happy with our appointment.
Great food and great service!  Stopped in to pick up some of thier super good pot pies to take home and was met by a very nice and helpful employee.  She made placing the order a pleasant experience.  Great customer service and food that makes driving to this location worth it even though I live closer to another Mimi's
What's there not to love about this place! I only wish they were open a little later. I have only tried the Teriyaki Bowls but I'm sure everything on the menu is good AND prices are fairly reasonable. Usually a large bowl is shareable with my kiddo! Momma on a budget! ;-) love it!
Your huevos rancheros is my absolute favorite!  My husband and I have been on a search for really good huevos rancheros and yours tops them all.  I love the scoop of avacado on the queso fresca and the big chili that is included.  Yummy
not too bad. pretty big and open and theyve got good picnic table and grill areas. only downside is the screaming sound of airplanes from the airport. but my niece thought it was cool.
Came for the first time and didn't disappointed. Really good, fast service and friendly staff. They also have local beers from Louisiana.
I've now used Kevin twice for home inspections and would highly recommend him.  He is thorough, and takes time to discuss the results and answer questions immediately.  Both of my experiences have been long distance so his knowledge of the area and its nuances were extremely helpful.  Kevin is very professional and a pleasure to work with.
Some awesome Thai food! We ordered takeout but we are definitely going back for formal dinner. We ordered vegetarian pineapple fried rice and pad Thai and trust me, it did not disappoint. Tasted good the next day as left over.\nHighly recommend!
Great customer service, Best glass company in all of Maricopa County. Highly recommend. Professional staff
It is the only place we would ever take our cat. Dr. Ruiz and all her staff make sure the  patient is first....they truly love animals in a way you just can't fake! You know your precious loved one is in great hands! \nMy wife and I Highly Recommend!!!
3.5 stars Nice place to have dinner outside. Excellent service. The highlight of the food for me was the Diavole pizza. Pizza overall is good. Our group didn't like the wine as much. In my opinion the dessert crepe with nutella and strawberries had too much nutella.
I would give Komol 10 starts of they had that option.  For vegetarians and others alike I cannot praise this place enough. Food out of this world,  portions large and great value.  This will be one of our regular on every trip to Vegas.
David & staff always do a great job!  My Max always looks his best after his visit.
Was referred to Gianni and ended up with Jake. Awesome experience with both guys! I'm not \"into\" tattoos and needed a little cover up so this is a little out of my comfort zone. Both guys made me feel very comfortable and what jake designed was better than my expectations. Love this place!
Terry and Mo were awesome! Very professional and friendly. Terry did 2 tats for me and I love them both! I will definetly refer all my friends to Bootleg and when I return to Vegas I will visit Terry again!\nMo....Hope to see you in San Francisco June 29th!!
Amazing people behind the counter .. Great spot for holistic food & goat milk .. My baby girl loves the pupcakes .. Kathy is the best!! After loosing my animal spirit of 10 years it was hard talking to people about her .. They understand that our pets are family.
We discovered this little place last fall before a Panther game and now we do \"to go\" regularly for their fried egg sandwich. Yum! The omelettes look great, too.
Great spot!  Sit in Hailey's section
Delicious food, good service, and nice decor/ambiance. Smiling Banana Leaf would definitely be my second choice for Thai food in the Burgh.
The pizza was hand tossed but the crust was perfectly crispy! The flavors were perfect too. I had the small which fed me (Im a big guy) but could have fed 2 people. I also had a 6 piece of hot wings which were very good! I would deffinately go back here again.
Eating three orders of foie gras here! It's delicious and cooked to perfection! Highly recommended!
Wonderful selection of gelato and sorbets.  Clean, bright place to enjoy it in, too.
I've been here a few times now for haircuts and I can't complain given the prices. I'm usually in and out within 2 hours and that's for phase 1 and phase 2 professionals. Overall, a good place for a cheap, basic cut.
Super friendly service all the time and a nice selection of liquors I can't find and neighboring liquor stores. They also carry everything from cereal boxes to cleaning products. Haha an easy one stop shop with good alcohol prices.
Nothing beats Desert Jade.  They've updated their dining room and accommodate my now vegan diet.
We spent some time on the terrace at the hookah bar.  It's was good fun as we had a view of the strip and it was quite relaxed.  I'd recommend it for a low key stop early in the evening although it gets a bit crazier as the night goes on.
Had the stupid fries and they were stupid good. Lemonade was also on point.
For Vegas this is the best place for Chinese hot pot. Good ingredients, tasty broth, and the lamb is my favorite meat. You can also choose beef or seafood.
The food and the service were excellent.  I had reservations and arrived about ten minutes early, the hostess seated us right away.  Drinks and appetizers were quick and delicious.   The place was gearing up for a live band, most every weekend, and the crowd was lively.
Had the cowboy ribeye.  Really good, nicely seasoned with a nice char. The oyster rockefeller was okay, so were the sides...nothing special.  Would come back for the cowboy ribeye.
Sweet deal! My husband and I pigged out like 5 year olds!
Good food, awesome desserts!  But I prefer the buffet at Rio. I went on a Thursday night so maybe weekends are better.  We enjoyed the drive out there something different for a change.
Love this place. eat here at least once a month. I always order the lavosh shawarma & chicken del sol. enough said
Best chile in town ,the most amazing poblano dish in the  southwest.
Never had a bad experience here so I give it 5 stars. Everything is delicious and quick to get to the table. On Tuesdays they do 99 cent margaritas. One of the better Mexican food joints. I prefer this location to the Indian School one.
I just recently got my oil changed here.  The mechanics were very social and friendly, as well as all of the other staff.\n\nThe Oil Change was reasonably quick and my car seems to be doing well.  I would definitely bring my car back here.
Great breakfast burritos and coffees on the go!\nThey have a drive-thru lane... but don't skip out on the inside.  It's a cute little coffee spot to hang out--complete with shabby-chic decor, board games, and fun people.
My steak was perfect. Had the perfect Malbec. I loved every bite. Waitress was attentive but not bothersome. Highly recommended
Crisp Panko bread crumbs chicken strips, delightful fries and flavorful garlic bread were the highlights. Sauces were hit or miss. Location needed cleaning, but staff was friendly. I would return again
Love this place!!  I have been to several locations and ordered many different salads.  The chopped salad is amazing....it is also super clean.  Like the special touches such as hand lotion in the ladies' bathroom and yummy different breads served with each meal.
Ok, I just want to take the whole pastry case home with me. I've never had anything bad her. Their cannolis and gelato are so amazing! I always visit here when in town.
Excellent staff, awesome food! Just go!
Matt hurtado was wonderful to work with. They Transformed my 12-year-old car to a car that looked just like it  came  off the showroom lot. They didn't amazing job!  I highly recommend them!
This place is great. I had breakfast here and service was quick! The food and pastries were good. Everyone was friendly. If I am ever in this side of Arizona, I'll make sure to drop by again! I would recommend it.
I might be a bit biased since I've known the Barleen family for many years, however, this show is amazing! Very talented folk!
The amount of food is pretty impressive and the staff was super friendly. The falafel was dry and extremely salty though. Otherwise the rest of the meal was great!
Great results from Tony! He did a fantastic job on several small dents on my truck as well as a medium one on my hood. Can't even tell the dents were there.
This store is amazing! I had the pleasure of meeting Rob and he helped me immensely. When I had questions or concerns he had absolutely no problem answering. He knew what I needed bu knowing minimal details. I would highly recommend this store to everybody! Truly wonderful!
I love this place! The food is authentic and they always remember my name when I come in. I always get the barbacoa burrito and its never failed me! They are famous for their Chile Verde burrito..so I'll have to try that soon!
Tech arrived right on time and was very thorough. Did a great job explaining the work that was done.
AWESOME. Don't waste your time walking up and down State Street trying to decide where to eat... go STRAIGHT to Takara. We were so impressed... the food is creative, refined and delicious. HIGHLY recommended.
Josh thank you so much for helping us, you were very resourceful and energetic and so pleasant to work with. Coming from the DC was a big change and you made it very easy and gave us advice like we were your own family. \n\nTwo thumps up.....
They have absolutely the best bone in ribeye in town hands down. Fun, trendy ambiance, stiff cocktails and prompt service.
Small location, BUT AMAZING PIZZA!
Nice staff and beautiful facility. I especially love the group fitness classes.
Dont mind the wait...its worth it. Patty melt did not disappoint! The fries can make you angry because they are \"shoestring\" style and you cant get enough of them in your face at one time! We will be back to try the frozen custards in the near future.
Second time going there now, I have to say the menu sucks and I felt like shit when I left, but I laughed the whole time and I will be back next year.  On a side note, stick to the chicken fingers and have fun.
Not too bad Khmer/Chinese/Thai/Viet food here. Good fish, shrimp and seafood dishes here. I believe this is part of the California chain. The service is just like any other Chinese restaurant- just ok. Parking can be a bitch sometimes, but what do you expect; it's right in the heart of Chinatown.
Donna is the best.  She is a great listener and does exactly what you are looking for.   There are times when you dont know and that is when Donna is at her best.  Let her be creative.  It is always fabulous.  I had the Barzilian Blow out.  How Great.  I love it and Donna too.
Amazing!\n \nThe #32 - Kelly D is amazing. Absolutely to die for. Also dont forget the #79 Monkey special with eel sauce and a deep fried banana!\n\nBest Sushi in Vegas
Walgreens is not only the pharmacy of my choice but a great place for me to pick up little things like razors, face wash etc.... Without having to deal with big box stores like Albertsons or Smiths. Overall, their staff is very friendly and their pharmacists are to!
First car and it was the best Mr Michael Portugal at Earnhardt Hyundai AZ was so helpful answered all my questions and always had great customer service thank you so much I love my 2015 Tucson.
Great service, great food! The margaritas need to be larger though, but that's the only negative, they taste great.  I'm not sure why i haven't come here before... I'm going to be a regular customer note though.
I ordered my cake on a last minute decision to have a wedding cake for my wedding reception in Las vegas. I ordered the cake over the phone and it was delivered to the restraunt where we were having our reception. The cake turned out amazing I couldnt be happier
The rebel carpet cleaner. Did a great job on my carpets at a great price. Fast, complete and even left me a bottle of his maguc potion for spills that may come later. I am strongly considering him to do my tile floors. Great job Robert.
New to  Monroe Street this Irish Pub has the atmosphere of Ireland without all the smoke. Great service, food and from what it looked like from a teetotaler, a good supply of Guinness. \nThe Fish & Chips, and the Mac & Cheese were hot & tasty.  We'll be back.
LOVE the food here! Everything is good. It's a little pricey, but the coffee is $.50 in the morning. Score!
Mostly use the Mad Cat on Mineral Point but at either they are always most helpful and friendly. Our cats love the automated laser pointer thingy we got there. Staff is most courteous and helpful.
I had to go to los Angeles from las Vegas I was a bit skeptical about the reviews I had seen on here but I didn't have any problems with my travels..yes I would use this airline again for short flights
I've taken my kids there for lab work and the clinic personnel are always very nice and professional.  It is not as busy as the bigger clinics, so I prefer to go there instead of where our docs are when we need labs done between visits.
Great happy hour.  Friendly service. Great food.  Great cocktail/wine/beer offerings. AWESOME patio seating.\n\nI will definitely be back and I will definitely be telling everyone I can about this place and I will definitely be bringing friends.\n\nGreat job in making a local restaurant shine!
Just came across a stash of Rehab drinks! Don't get too excited, i got all they had - 9 cans :D\nNice employees, had whipped cream which I also needed.  This is a good corner store.
Friendly staff here with well-stocked products.  They carry some good quality guinea pig and rabbit foods from Oxbow, which is very nice.  Making returns are easy, and whenever I bring my dog here the cashiers always give him a milkbone to go!
What's not to like - discount books, comfy chairs, coffee - sounds good to me.  There are never a lot of people here so I can always grab a seat.  My only interaction with the workers are when I pay and I've never had any problems there.  This is my relaxation hot spot!
I have been coming to Barri for 10 years and referred all of my friends. She is fantastic and really gets to know what works best for your hair. She's lots of fun too! Great value and flexible in her schedule. Great location too!
Some of the best sushi in Charlotte. Very creative rolls, good service, & nice atmosphere. My only complaint would be there are maybe too many options? Not really a bad thing, it just makes it tough to decide cause it all sounds amazing.
Love this place!!  The mapo tofu is amazing.  We always order wontons in hot chili oil
I needed a clean and pressed shirt for a presentation and brought it over to this dry cleaner. I brought it in in the early afternoon and needed it by 6 PM. Although I don't believe they offer same-day service, let alone few hours service,  they were completely accommodating and courteous.
I haven't tried much from here but every time I'm in town I have to stop here for the Almond butter croissant! It's so flakey and moist all at the same time! Soo good!
We just get the hummus and the gyros everytime because they're so good. Love the punch cards! Reminds me to come in and I'm never sad about that.
I've only come in here to drink before watching movie at Harkins. The drinks have always been good and the staff has always been friendly. I did have to find my waitress a couple time to get my bill so I wouldn't be late for my movie, but it's no big deal.
This is the best Mediterranean restaurant I've been to. The koobideh was fantastic.
Such a wonderful and friendly place. The coffee is great and the pastries are amazing. Staff is super friendly and the outside patio on the weekends is a slight click below the Westminster Dog Show.
Not much more to say other than it's CHIPOTLE. Service is great good is amazing and nice and fast. Perfect for a great on to go meal. Always an easy decision when one is around that I can stop by.
This place is a regular pit stop from the tables. Always something delicious whether it's breakfast, lunch or dinner. True to Steve Wynn standards the service and food is expectedly consistent. \n\nSociety has a nice little finish to your meal. Swedish Fish as you leave. Hell YaZ!!!
The food was just delicious!  We found this location based on Yelp and we were totally happy with our dinner here.  I highly recommend eating here when you get the chance.
Wow! Even after the good reviews here, I was still surprised at how great food was. I had the edamame soup, pommes frites, and steamed pork bun with a glass of '06 Nebbiolo, and it was complete bliss. I'll be coming back when I'm in town!!
My friends brought me here, at first I don't really like the noise but when I started drinking their beers and everything. wow! we've been hanging every Saturday here.
Today, they lost our order, and I was extremely impressed how the staff and managers handled it.  Since my children had to wait almost 30 minutes for dinner, they comped our meal.  People and companies often make mistakes, but how you handle your mistakes is what counts.  They handled the situation correctly and apologized immediately.
Great service very clean, I got my nose pierced and ear pierced here, I will be definitely be coming back for a tattoo soon.
balsamic strawberry chicken salad, one of the best salads I have ever had. I munched off of my friends dishes and everything was good, don't remember what they ate by name maybe post pictures sometime.  Drinks were really good as well.
The Bad Ass Burger lived up to its name. Good service, good prices, and a damn tasty burger. The only negative is the parking, but its worth it.
Brunch was fantastic! Our last minute decision to try The Mission was not a bad one at all. The chicken and waffles was satisfying, surprising, and flavorful. Margaritas are fresh and light - made me miss the ocean breeze of the Riviera Maya! Service was attentive and prompt.
I'm so glad I found this place - love this store.  I have only been to the Arcadia store and thought it was super cute.  Then I read the story behind how it came to be from their website and love it even more!
Took our Mountain Bikes in last week for a tune up.  Found the people to be super nice, honest and fast!  Bikes were done same day, look and work great!  We will be regulars for sure when we need anything.  Ask for Matt or CJ, they are Awesome.
Quick friendly service.  These guys actually want you to get the cheapest price with the best coverage.  Imagine that, from an insurance person?
My new spot for Mexican food! So good, great service, friendly staff, delicious food!! Recommend to everyone, but must go to this location.
Only going 4 bc there was no vanilla and they were out of pb cup topping...what's up w that?  Apparently they were busy over he weekend...4 stars for excellent and unprepared.
Great service from Dallas (our server) but most importantly, phenomenal eats.  This place has all the character and \"casualness\" that you want from your favorite burger joint, but with an elevated and surprising amount of craft in the food.  Truly delicious and thoughtful preparation -- an unreserved recommendation.
Jerry with Time Saver is a true professional. Honest, relaiable and has the experience most people only dream about. \n\nYou will not be sorry you called Time Saver for your plumbing needs.
I really like the ambiance of firebirds.  All the food that we have tried has been very good and service has been great-Entree salads with chicken and shrimp, filets and appetizers. Even the complimentary bread is yummy. We try to go for dinner a little early since it gets pretty crowded on the weekends.
Alma is the BEST! Always finds the perfect fit.  Yes, they are pretty expensive but I think it's worthy every penny because your clothes will come back perfect.  Have tailored suits and jeans, everything looks great! Also have a nice reward program, too.
Food here is amazing! My friend and I came on a Sat night and had some cocktails and split a bunch of apps.  Everything was delicious.  Service was spot on and ambience was great.  Will def come back!
I have been back twice (or actually my pets have) since my last review. LOVE IT. They treat my kitties with a lot of love and patience. I even got my mom to take her cat it, now his coat is fluffy, soft, and beautiful.
I got the cheesesteak wit wiz and a cherry coke. The staff is really friendly and the food is great. Free wifi which is perfect for me. I will be back with friends.
Dr. Quan spends the time to understand you pain and how best to treat you.  I feel like she really listened well and I'm very hopeful the outcome will be as we discussed.
Not too friendly but quick and to the point. Who needs a friendly locksmith anyways? Got the job done and that's all that matters. Will definitely come back if I ever need more help.
always good!!!\nportions are huge. my friend order a cobb salad and it was enormous. i had a delicious turkey sandwich... it is definitely a spot to go when you get sick of the buffets.
These tacos are fantastic!   Some of the best I've had in a long while!  The service was excellent and I had very little to complain about while walking out of that place!
Very solid greasy spoon fair. I've been twice for breakfast (in the afternoon) and have come away completely satisfied each time. Service was excellent and you can't beat the prices. The ambiance is grand-folk friendly and if you don't have a problem with that, you'll be good to go.
Came to enjoy Vegas with some friends but we had no connections in the city. Sure enough found Stacia on yelp talk and she helped us get plans in order for the weekend.  True to her word and the fellow yelp reviewers, she makes good on the plans.  Highly recommend her help for future Vegas plans.
Closed?!?!  I just have to say that if this place was near my shop in Gilbert, I would have eaten there at least once a week or more during lunch.  Great food.  Good people working there.  It will honestly be missed.
The old fresh mama. Super good food. Get the veggie skewers. Can't wait to see what they can do when they expand. Will be back
best decaf americana ever.. probably...
I really like this place - second time coming good for mixed groups of vegetarians and meat eaters- second time coming and very good. I really like the soup (veg lemon grass) Plus it's bring your own wine!
First time here for me, third time for my guy. We both had the steak special, 9.95$ with a baked potato, season veggies & soup or salad. Great taste with a great price!!! I will be coming back.
Go here all the time for dates. The service is nice. The inside dinning area is also very nice. The outside is great, right on mill! The calzones are my favorite as you can build your own putting your own ingredients inside and they're also pretty big so you can have leftovers the next day!
i\n     l\n     o\n     v\n     e\n          t\n          h\n          i\n          s\n               p\n               l\n               a\n               c\n               e.
I have taken my pup, Buena, here many times for both doggie day care and boarding over the weekend.  The owners/staff are always happy to see us and always take good care of Buena.  Best part is she comes home totally exhausted!
First German food I had. The j\u00e4ger schizel was good and service was fast.  I think I would go back the pretzel looked good.
This would be a fantastic location for a family vacation on the Strip.  The rooms are very spacious, well appointed and the staff are very friendly.  I will definitely stay here again.\n\nNote that there is no restaurant in the property itself - it's a short walk to the Flamingo.
I love this place! Always great food and great service. It's never overwhelmingly busy and has a great comfortable vibe. Order anything and you will enjoy it!
Amazing breakfast!!\nLove the jalape\u00f1o pancakes!!\nChill comfy atmosphere!!\nFriendly nice staff!\nGreat for Sunday brunch!
This place is great. Was looking for a new salon last minute and did a search on here  based on reviews I ended up with David who did an amazing job with my cut and color. He also has his own hair line products that are awesome! Would def recommend this place to anyone.
Awesome service!! Love the Kona Berry Bowl!!
beer is delicious! staff is freakin' awesome! a must stop for any occasion!
BY FAR THE BEST BURGER PLACE EVER!\nCame here because a friend of mine told me this place was a MUST. And it sure is!!!
We go for breakfast at dinner time. Never tried anything but their breakfasts. They are friendly- helpful. I go with 3 friends in wheelchairs and they handle us, no problem.\n  The breakfast that we order- are huge and delish. We go once a month and will always. Thanks :)
Amazing restaurant!!! I went there to celebrate my husband's Bday and the wait staff were so friendly! They made a surprise by giving my husband a free dessert with a happy bday message on it. Great vegan menu!!! I would definitely recommend it!
My favorite Pad See Ewe and the best thai in Champaign Urbana. Their yellow curry is a second favorite and their sushi is always very fresh.
Great sushi, excellent service and breathtaking view. One of the best restaurant in town.
Had to have our DE filter cleaned and inspected. Johnny came out and performed the service. He was on time and knowledgeable. Will definitely use again.
Chada Thai and Wine has taken my top thai restaurant spot in Las Vegas.  Friendly and attentive service, nice interior design and the food is inventive and flavorful - takes classic thai dishes and adds a unique and artisanal quality to them.  Great wine, beer and sake options as well.
Lightening fast. Always delicious. Restaurant is very clean.  And light foods not heavy. Egg drop and wonton soup, orange chicken and lo main, egg rolls and cheese puffs are our favorite.  Never had anything that was under 4-5 stars. Good job guys!
I just ate here and had the best BBQ pork sandwich! I also had the Mac and cheese. For a sandwich side and drink it's about 9 bucks but it'd worth it. They have about 4 beers on tap and plenty of other drinks.You got to Check the place out!
This place was awesome. You order by writing what you want on the corresponding sandwiches bag, it's great. I had a delicious hot sub while my buddy enjoyed the gyro and shake greatly. Definitely recommend.
I've been going to Glove Game Boxing for a couple months now.  I love it!  Rory never fails to challenge me and push me to the limits.  Best money I've ever spent.
Stopped in on a trip to Las Vegas. Cute shop, interesting goodies, great hand painted signs with inspirational sayings. The lady that worked there was very nice. Had to make a second trip to buy some things. Would go again. Reasonable prices. Thumbs up!!
This is a really well designed nightclub.  I would definitely go again even though it was expensive.  The outdoor area by the pool was heated and gave people a nice way to escape the crowd while still being able to watch the dj on the big screen tv.  This place handles large crowds very well.
I'm hooked on the Drunken Noodles! Ordered them with chicken this time, and some Red Curry with shrimp. The BBQ chicken is always a hit, so I got that too. For a casual place they're quick with service and make the effort to treat their customers right.
Ohhh baby the horchata is simply amazing. 5th star well deserved. I felt like a little kid scooping the pecans and strawberries with a spoon at the end.
I absolutely love this place! Not only do they have a HUGE selection of brews, but have amazing food. Sometimes the wait time can be a bit long but it is well worth the wait.
have been here several times - love it.  authentic, good food always. their salsa bar rocks the house, great variety and savory choices.  had dark mole egg dish with black beans  LOVED IT
My favorite Italian restaurant. The view is amazing and the food is delicious. Try the grilled shrimp on the stone and calamari. Their pink sauce is excellent.
Great place for all your emboidery/promotional needs!! These guys are the best in town!!!
I really dig James Street Gastropub. It's a great neighborhood bar with good eats and great drinks. I love their fries. So addictive! Jazz downstairs is also awesome. I went once and was super impressed with the band. Can't wait to go back again!
Yum!  Best fried catfish I have ever had.  The staff is super friendly the food is great.  The desert menu changes daily but if you have the chance to try the bread pudding, go for it!  The shrimp etouffe is a great buttery, garlic wonderland in your mouth.
Friendly and informative front desk staff, beautiful waiting space in the entryway, need a few details looked after like their too-dark elevators, but their conference washrooms were clean and the Jackie Robinson room was absolutely beautiful whether it be for a conference meeting or small wedding reception. Gorgeous view and window fixtures make it perfect for any time of day.
I am thrilled with the care I have received!!!  I have a challenging situation with my contacts due to my type of perscription and each step of the way my doctor and the team have worked to make the process work for me.  They take the time to explain and find solutions.
Great artisan pizza. Our favorite in U-C. Our standard is the Mediterranean with goat cheese instead of feta.
This is a difficult area in that pwople are begging and some people trying to get at the payment machines.\nI have never had a problem but appreciate lower priced good gas.Clerks are always friendly.
If you want wine and have no idea what you're doing, ask for help. They truely know their stuff. All recommendations have been great!  They have wine classes and my favorite beer The Optimator!  Coupons sometimes in newspaper or online.
Love this place! They do a great job and it is so much better than waxing. Buy the coupon when you go. It is a much better deal if you plan on returning.
I am so glad this was legit! I was worried. But they pulled through. Text messages and emails as promised. We got in free to all the clubs we asked for. Got free drinks at all venues and entered for free. Follow their directions on what time to get there!!
Had to get duck in a can, it's unique and original and I don't know of a place in my own country where I can get it.  Bottom line, this place is a carnivore's paradise and I would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Montreal.
I won't go anywhere else to get my piercings. trevor is absolutely amazing. he's professional, awesome, knows his stuff.
The pork potstickers w a chile sesame glaze and the Thai crab cakes w mango chili sauce were amazing. The XO Chinese long beans and the fried rice w the crab was also yummy! the prices weren't bad considering the great service and great food we had.
My wife and I came for a quick lunch during one of our visits to LV.  Knowing that we were in a little rush, they brought our food quickly with a smile. The service was courteous and speedy. Try the creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e!
I love this place! They have great gas prices and friendly staff. The lines are long but they go quick. The baggers are extremely helpful and always go above and beyond.
Great service every time. Just good old fashion dinner food. Large portions at good prices nothing more nothing less.
tom. yum. noodle. soup. HOLLA! it was soooo good and totally hit the spot on a cold, windy day. i'll be back for sure to try the other stuff. =)
I've been to the locations in Chandler and Mesa and one word describes both locations: Fresh.  Their donuts are consistently soft and fresh.
Went because friends that were in town wanted to see him and he was great!  Loved the finale.  Worth the $$$$.  Just DON'T stay at Luxor.
Excellent food, great little breakfast place
Best Pho in town!  The service is top notch and the environment is great. I eat here every other week. So far I am in love with the spring rolls and crispy tofu.
I've been to several Wal Mart's throughout the valley and this location is my favorite.  The store is bigger than all the other stores, the aisles are very wide and their products are well-stocked (many other locations run into this problem).  Everything just looks very neat and organized which makes your shopping experience much more enjoyable.
Your average bar...\n\nThe bartender was nice and the service is ok. The food situation is a little inconvenient. The location is great...its on the corner of flamingo and durango.\n\nGood beer prices and they do play a lot of football.
The location is great.  The cheesy bread is awesome and the pizzas come out perfect at home.  Fresh ingredients and a great  price. Very friendly staff and I have been there 5 times.  I'm so glad they are here! .
Great breakfast place with bottomless mimosas! Sherolyn is a fantastic server--attentive, great stories, great attitude! Delicious waffles with berries!!! AND bottomless mimosas :)
good clean family fun, close to home and CHEAP! Compared to going to Sun Splash or Big Surf, sure it's not a mega park, but close, cheap, clean, and fun for the kids. We have our own backyard pool, this is a fun change of venue that won't break you.
I love this place.  Great service and fresh food. Beat tortillas ever!!#
Best dentist I've ever been to.  Excellent service and the office has a warm and pleasant feeling.  Dr. Parsanko is a true professional.  I recommend him every chance I get.
Great small sushi place.. Serve authentic sushi by sushi chef and actually seems like they all are family (chef,servers,bus boy) Go there early to get a table. They always get crowded by japanese las vegan. Try sashimi and signature roll.. They are great!
amazing place, but hours of operation kind of bad. they close too early.  I like to go do work there whenever I don't need to be in the office.
Catch a movie, take a walk through the park, grab diner n drinks, shop. You can do it all right here.
This place has a pretty cool vibe and the food was good as well. I could go up to five starts if I eat here a few more times. Nice work!
I went here for a Swedish massage and it was almost as good as the spas on the strip. Defiantly better spas on the strip but the money you save by going here is worth it. The massage was great, just not the best. The spa is very nice.
They are kind of pushy with the add-ons but as long as you are firm with what you want, you'll get whatever you want!
Best sandwich in Vegas! Excellent, friendly service. Worth a visit if you're in the neighborhood.
Pretty dam good!! Just moved in around the corner and read some good reviews... I have to say it was a great feeling to know I now have a good Chinese place nearby!
Best curry ever! I had the yellow curry and my boyfriend ordered the sweet nut curry. If you are a curry fan you will love this place!
Killer crab legs anytime, lovely.  Friendly staff and welcoming place.  Thank you.\n\nPS.  If you had more oyster types to choose from I would order them more often.
Good quality Mexican food at a decent price. Very attentive wait staff and friendly management. Check out Living Social for a special menu at a discount price.
Very good food and nice ambience
Try the pork/veal ravioli, made with shallots. You will get a lot of bread.
I've only tried the Organic 12 Grain with Omega and absolutely loved it! It's the best bread I've tried, and only 46 calories per slice! Definitely a new favorite. Thank you, Sprouts!
Wow what an awesome thing!  I had breakfast/lunch at Planet Hollywood, dinner at Rio, and then breakfast at Harrahs the next morning. A great deal for at least 3 meals.
I love this place.  Great spot for some basic food, yummy drinks.  Service isn't always super fast but it's not a place for fast.  Great spot to go with a friend and chill during the week.  I highly recommends the hummus and fig salad.
Great place for family and friends to enjoy. Comfortable, great atmosphere and good service. Plenty of TV's to watch your favorite sports.
Pretty awesome and fun :) took my mum there and she was pretty much dancing on the chair. \n\nTalent explodes here and you truly feel the love :)\n\nHighly recommended.
The Best Bean Burro Enchilada Style EVER!!
Got a brazilian blowout with Courtney today at the new salon at Scottsdale Quarter. She explained the whole process before beginning and she was very informative. It took about two hours and turned out great. My hair has never been so soft and shiny. Highly recommend!
Go hungry! This place is about huge breakfast portions. As far as quality, it's hit or miss. So, you might want to give it a few tries
The burgers live up to the hype, they are juicy and oh so delicious. The garlic sauce they put on them is also excellent, not too garlicky, but enough to taste. The have a great list of micro brewed beers on tap too.
I love this place!  Grouchy John's has a great variety of coffee drinks. I go for the frappes. I like the O.G. which is salted caramel and vanilla...delicious. The staff is very friendly. They have board games and books for you to peruse. I am a regular now!
I go to this place is the best and biggest buffet. I come here every time I visit Vegas and it never gets old. I like to take my time and just try a little bit of everything.
Service was incredible.  We were a group of seven and all were pleased with the food and service provided.  We would all definitely recommend and return.
Bought some Nike Elastico Indoor Soccer shoes, the best thing is that I got free shipping.
Friendly staff and good beer at good prices to be had here. Just left another bar that rhymes with \"bum bummer\" because of  their \"failure of service\" Actually that name would be appropriate for that other bar. Lol also this place doesnt smell like a ashtray like other bars ive been to.
Great little space. Go see the Christopher Jagmin show right now!!! His colorful, slightly loopy encaustic paintings are a great reminder that life is fun, dammit, and art can be too!
Excellence. That is all.
My favorite seafood buffet in VEgas
I have been a client at Studio Fx for years.  Liz does an outstanding job with weaves/cuts and Krista is amazing with shampooing and styling your hair.  I always get complimented on my hair.
We've eaten here 3 times and each time had great service and food. The deep fried platter for 2 is a great deal! I love the inka dish with fish and cheese and rice, it's my favorite! The selection and unique cuisine is top notch!
stayed here on my 21st birthday with my best friend.. the room was great ..big enough for the both of us.. service was great as well.. food was top notch in the food court. you gotta check out zumanity =)
Great place. Affordable pricing. Very friendly staff. Get the cheddars pain killer.  This place would be great to get together with friends in the bar without the loud club-like scene
My first time at drybar today. I had Brittany she was so nice and did a super job on my hair. I got the cosmopolitan hairstyle and I look HOT!! Couldn't have asked for better and I will definitely be a weekly regular now. :)
It was silly to only give this legendary place 4 stars, I stand corrected by myself
A great place to watch the game.\n\nMany 60 inch HD plasmas with great sight lines about anywhere you sit.\n\nThey have the usual selection of pub grub.\nThe fries are better than average.
Love the staff and the service - very attentive. So glad I found Lori, she knows how to cut/shape thick hair!
My fianc\u00e9 and I always sit at the bar, so never had service problems. Delicious pizza and spaghetti and meatballs! Their dessert pizza is delicious too! \n\nBut...the best part is the triple filtered NYC-style water!:) Especially in the desert ;-)
Just had an awesome Sunday at work. Feeling accomplished I decide to take my wife out to dinner and I got tuna and she has ordered the scallops. She love the island Jerm last time we were here and I had planked salmon decided to try the tuna from hawaii. Hopefully it should all be good.
I would high recommend this company.  They came to me through One Guard warranty.  They were efficient, polite, professional and on time.  I would absolutely recommend them.
Quick, hearty meal full of carbs and protein!! Sometimes it's a good thing to indulge and this place is a great place for it with their custom orders!!
Try to make it here at least once a month.  If you are new to, or have friends coming to Charlotte for the first time you have to stop!  I haven't been disappointed with a single meal here.  The best grease gourmet in charlotte
What a great store and they have been in business for a long time, so need to worry about them closing their doors anytime soon.\n\nWhat a great selection of furniture, bedding and gifts. Definitely worth it to stop in and see.
Good bartenders, good people, good times.  EBs is where its at.
I love the decor of this place it is clean. The food was good too. My friend  recommended  it to me and she was right. The side dishes was Yummy too. I was waiting for the good looking firemen to come and start cooking but hey the food was was great so I cannot  ask for more. Lol.
This place is amazing. The food is delicious and the restaurant is very clean with wonderful service. Everything I had was delicious, you really cannot go wrong with this place!
I'm from Chicago and I felt like I'd stepped into a place back home. The lentil soup was delicious. Nicest people too and inside was well maintained.
Delicious! Just go there and buy some food. You will not be disappointed! The custard is delicious and so are the Chinese pancakes!
Had dinner in this beautiful, intimate restaurant.  The service was good (not spectacular, but good.  The food was simply fantastic and the host (the chef) was wonderful.  GREAT restaurant!
New favorite pho spot. Bf and I came last here to get our pho fix. We found out about rainbow pho express through yelp, n decided to give it a try. Place opened 3 weeks ago, so it does not get too crowded. I had the pho Thai chin, was good. Will def come back again!
Good food order veg combo shaai paneer\nAnd mango lassi naan was amazing\nGood experience ..
Lucked out and only waited 5 mins for a table! Guacamole Burger & fries were great! Shake was tasty too! Enjoyed our experience. Food came out fast and hot!
IMHO the best music venue in Madison... Be sure to checkout Gomerokee (every Tues. evening and 1st and 3rd Friday of each month for happy hour) and they have a great happy hour, great 2 for 1 tap beer.
Fun store with lots of great trendy clothes and fun little knick nacks and accessories.  They have a good selection of fun books and lots of holga camera kits.  Cool shirts for guys and lots of great clothes for girls.  Prices are mid to high range.
This is some good stuff!  Today they were donating 75% of their profits to Oklahoma which I think is an awesome way to do business.  Not to mention the treats were quite refreshing on a hot day like today.  Being that it is right around the corner from where we live we will definitely be back!
EVERY time I visit Las Vegas, this is my first stop.  There are few food items in this world I would choose to eat over the Chicken Shack chicken sandwich.
I am dismayed!  I tried calling in an order to find the phone disconnected today..Drove over to find a small sign saying  \"Sorry we are closed for renovations\"\nI hope this true.\nThey are a fabulous Greek restaurant!!
Good inexpensive eats. The have ridiculous combinations for dogs and burgers and the prices are extremely fare. I will definitely return the next time I am in Charlotte.
I like this location. It is near a Walmart market that I go to. \n\nThe store is clean inside and the bathrooms are clean.\n\nI wish I had more to write but this is all I got :)
Dana is awesome. First piercing and it was awesome. He explained everything and made feel so relaxed. I would refer him and this shop to all. Very clean and sanitary!!!!
Just wow! Try the pig wings or really anything. Saturday nights have 1 or 2 man bands playing quaint music. Before 6 for $2.50 beers. I love this freaking place!!!!
Took my car to meineke for a brake job. Not only did they have excellent service, my car came back to me with much noted care. Will definitely recommend my friends and family here! Ask for Son and he will take good care of you.
Hands down the best place to get a gyro in Las Vegas! I have not tried any of their other food but if you are looking for a good gyro Baladie Cafe is the place to go. \n\nAlso, enjoy seeing the kind and happy owners behind the counter every time. They are very sweet.
I love this place specially the European section !! Am able to find things I never seen  before great way to try new foods , found one of the best tea I  ever had in my life . All the way from Croatia .Reasonable prices good parking  .be aware you  will lose track of time looking at all the goodies
Good location, nice clean rooms, next to Denneys. I think the remodeling is still on going but what I saw was good, they have a lap pool inside and an outdoor pool and sauna.  Work out room and they serve a Good breakfast service that is free for guests!
Such a great restaurant.  Good food and ambience. For appetizers we had the hummus and the goat cheese.  For dinner the lobster lasagna with a side of spinach.  Everything was superb and the service was great too!  I plan on going back soon.
Every salad on the menu is A-MAZING!  The thin crust pizza is to die for!  I absolutely love this place!
Nice place.  Friendly service.  Courtney was professional and personable  I like the crisscross fries.  Healthy pita was good.  They should add sliders to the menu.  A lot of tvs for football.  And they open early on Sunday for 10am football.   A needed addition to mill ave.  Would be perfect with sliders
My wife and I liked this place. We needed a quick bite to eat before we went to the outlet mall to do some shopping and this place was just what the doctor ordered. We ordered a couple slices and we loved it. Quick service good pizza.
Love these guys! Specifically, Nelson was amazing: very professional, educational, doesn't act like salesman but someone offering a service. They've taken good care of our home for a great price :-)
This review is strictly for the lounge/bar area.  I loved the ambiance and decor here, with the balcony overlooking the casino and the changing color lights.  Super soft leather seating and of course pricy ass drinks.  But boogey enough that I was impressed since this was indeed Vegas!
This place is awesome! I'm in love with their TRX classes! I wish my schedule allowed me to try more classes! The only problem I have is the cost is a bit high, but it won't keep me away! Highly recommended!!
Arrived at a busy time but service was great. Food was excellent. I liked the flavor of the penang chicken. Time was a great server. I'll go back tp this restaurant again. Two thumbs up
I love love love this place! I order from here probably at least twice a week. Best pizza ive had hands down in Arizona (and AZ does not have good pizza)...they recently got garlic knots, which are delicious and cooked to perfection. I would recommend this place to anyone who doesnt wanna settle for Dominos.
I adore their chicken pinenuts and gorgonzola salad. It is really good and a great portion for lunch. I eat that I am full and satisfied for the rest of the day!
We have been living at the Verona property for almost a year.  The apartment is beautiful and the amenities make you feel like you are at a first class resort.  The pool, spa, and surrounding sunning area are in a magnificent setting.  There is a wonderful clubhouse and well equipped fitness center.  I would highly recommend this property.
My first time there and it was so good. The pancakes were fluffy. Plus they are so huge, I could only eat one. The staff was very friendly and the food was made super fast. The menu is so extensive that I can't wait to try more.
Filet mignon is amazing, along with the white Sangria. Definitely a place to go for celebrations- always leave stuffed
Stayed at the hotel and found this restaurant , it doesn't look bad and decided to give a try. The waiter was nice and friendly, they are very attendant to provide me refills , the prime ribs was big and juicy,this place did not disappoint me.
This place is great. Excellent service, great food, a good deal, and a fun atmosphere.
Love this class! The music is AMAZING!! Black lights, loud bass and motivating instructors. Sooo much fun! Makes spinning 20X more exciting than a traditional class! Different every time and a great workout.
Food was amazing and just the right portions.  Wait staff was great and attentive and very personable.  Only downside I would say was the wait time just to check in.  Also they didn't seem like their tech was making things go any faster with managing tables and customers in or outbound.  It actually seemed to hinder the operation.
A Negra Modelo, a giant steak burrito, a lovely patio, and I rolled out feeling like a python that had swallowed a goat.  All win, and for only $11.
Finally a clean Wal-Mart with no long lines, no panhandling, no drama. \n\nThe oversize aisles are free of clutter and debris. The shelves are well stocked. And the associates are happy and ready to assist.
Great place. Got my haircut there for the first time today. Great price too. Only negative - I wish they did a neck shave with a straight razor.
Wonderful bartenders, great food, good atmosphere. And u can't beat food that has flavor AND is calorie conscience!! Mom and I love it here! Also, $5.00 happy hour plates Monday thru F
Definitely try the pizza muffins! The interior reminds me more of a family restaurant, say like a Denny's, rather than an Italian restaurant.
One of the best stays and value in Vegas. I have stayed at the Bellagio, Venetian, Monte Carlo and the Signature was better room at half the cost. The service was top notch and the room was very nice. The only downside is the walk to the strip, but it wasnt too bad.
Got there with my daughter and could just walk in. Daughter got acrylic nails for 35 $ and for me they did manicure deluxe with gel for 25$. Very lovely couple and good service!
We have been going to Olives for three years and Jon has always made our experience perfect.  He is a great bartender and his attention to service is appreciated.  He always makes sure our experience is perfect and makes us feel like we are VIPs.  We love Olives.
Great local bakery. Reasonable prices and delicious baked goods. The service is fantastic and friendly unlike Layers where the prices are high and the service is awful. Would definitely recommend. The millionaire bars are to die for!
Upgrading them to 5 stars.  Aesthetics greatly improved since our last visit, new lamps, cleaner appearance, customer service top-notch.  PLEASE give them a try!
Great massage chairs and very friendly staff! My mom told me about the place and this is my second time back. \n\nPlus free wifi while you are getting a pedicure!
The best gym in Las Vegas. Been to all them this has helped me become better than I've ever been.
Excellent service and food was great as well!
I had the Pesto Burger and it was great. The service was alright. It's definitely more of a bar atmosphere, and of course since its in Shadyside, it's a pretty hipster-y place. I definitely want to go back to try the gourmet pizzas.
I am from Houston, since I came here I've been searching for the perfect bowl of pho. I have to say this is the closest thing yet from home!!! Good pho with fair pricing, doesn't get ebtter than this.
Best mexican food in phoenix! I recommend this place to anyone who wants an excellent  meal!
Omg!! the best tacos in Vegas baby! so much cheese and meat wow ..these tacos are a most have!!
This place is Awesome!!!\nIts clean, and everything taste amazing!!! You gotta try the White Widow!!! Mmmmmmm...
Excellent food. Small Mom & Pop place but great tasting food. Great flavor & Excellent service. Try the crispy Spinach or the Green curry. Delicious.
My girlfriend told me we had to try this place. I thought the food was very good, although I enjoyed her entre more than my own. I think of it as a middle to upscale restaurant and it's good for families or for going on a date depending on time of day.. I would come here again.
Always The Best! I've ordered pizza, wings, and subs from here before. Sauce is always so thick and tasty, wings are a blast of heaven in every bite, and the subs... cooked to perfection! These men and ladies here, really know what they're doing. My favorite pizza delivery place by far.
This place has a lot of integrity...you can see it all over the walls around the bar paying their respects to the punk legends.  Yes, this bar is badass!
Definitely a nice place to unwind after a long day. Enjoyed a exquisite dessert with a hot cup of coffee while the soothing music and light chatter of people fill the room. Most highly recommend!
Absolute best nursery! i have been to 4 nurseries around the tatum and bell area and this one is by far the best in terms of workers there and pricing. always love going there and learn something while getting a great product i feel i got the best deal on.
This Place is Fantastic.  Super cool service and act that takes place with the coals!  This place is a must visit!
I have been going to rebeckha lafferty for years..best at cutting very thick hair and colors knowledge is great. .only go to her. .If she is off wait till she is available. ..
Friday's AM Networking meeting with the SESORE Group.
This has to be my favorite fast food joint! I love love love their chicken! I always get their number 1 meal. It's their basic chicken sandwich with the world famous waffle fries. The customer service that you get their is stellar!  Oh, and they have the best sweet tea ever!
Great neighborhood restaurant that's not in a casino. Would go back and recommend. Had the lamb chops and it was delicious!
Very good food.  The staff was very friendly and cared about how we liked the food.  They gave us samples to taste and were very genuine.  4 stars instead of 5 simply for the ambiance.  It's just a self serve taqueria.
Very cool people, a good mix of independence and help. Very team oriented. Really cool box and loved the programming. Thanks Joe!!
Gave this place a visit on the recommendation of my sister. I am by no means a vegan but the food was amazing. The fire & brimstone \"burger\" and the Gaia's Treasure were both fantastic. The Grey Hulk smoothie was pretty awesome as well.
Stopped here for a late dinner, huge beer selection, any type of brew seemed to be available. Ordered the mussels and the tuna burger, both were great, nicely done and tasty.
Bon restaurant style STEAKHOUSE, bonne viande, d\u00e9cor sympathique
Simply put, the best fried chicken I have ever had! Mind you, I'm no connoisseur, but this was 110% legit; crunchy, juicy & ripe with flavor.
Excellent service and friendly staff. The interiors are clean with pretty decors. Always a great experience every time I come to get my nails done. Highly recommended!
Awsome nail place! The customer service is great and the work is perfection wouldn't go anywhere else!
It was my first time in a gun store and I had a great experience. The guys behind the counter were very friendly and informative. The place is kept in perfect condition and its well organized. I really enjoyed my visit here and will be returning again in the near future.
Fantastic experience from the moment we walked in the door. The atmosphere is modern and casual, staff are very accommodating, and the food is inspired. After dinner we ventured out back in the alley and upstairs to explore Citizen R&D - a hidden away cocktail bar you have to ask about inside CPH - quite an experience!
Had an awesome lunch. Waiter had no personality, hard to hear and zero energy. The shave ribeye & cheddar was amazing.
So happy to have a good taqueria near my house! Been here a couple times, I'm from northern California where California burritos are rare, so I was glad to see that on the menu. French fries were a little soggy though. Good prices and portions. Will definitely be coming here often.
Excellent spot in great area! The Food was very good and the prices were moderate. Service was good as well. Try to Fried Chicken Breast entree, delicious. Hanger Steak left a little to be desired though, but overall good choice. I would recommend.
Stumbled upon here because Coca Cafe was closed on Monday - glad we did! The food and coffee were tasty and reasonably priced.
Spicy and Flavorful! Generous sized portions. Amazing happy hour specials from 5pm to 7pm. Beautiful Indian music. Bernadette, our waitress provided exceptional customer service! This was a wonderful dining experience. I love this place!
Older establishment but good service and food. The miso was way too salty but the teppan chicken, steak and veggies were really good. Our teppan chef was really friendly. Visited due to a Groupon and would go back for sure even without one as it was competitively priced.
This is just for the almond dipped ice cream bar.\nWow! Huge and packed with chunks of almonds, the ice cream bar was rich and creamy. All for $1.50!
The atmosphere is relaxing and beautiful sitting in the shade under the trees. The food is delicious! I had he panini croissant and the hubby had stuffed cabbage... we both licked our plates clean! We will definitely be back!
I could literally eat here every day! I've never had a bad meal or bad service here...nuff said!
Virginia has been our vet for 6 years. She has been incredible. We love that she comes to you. She is very caring and all our pets have loved her. I would definitely recommend her to everyone.
Can get busy sometimes but definitely one of the better gyms in town considering it has a basketball court. Place can get quiet messy with people not putting their weights back and towels laying around everywhere. Staffs are quiet friendly here so thats a plus. Overall, a great place to work out and just shoot some hoops.
The staff at 24 are really sweet and give great recommendation. I had the raw nori rolls they were a 4/5. Quite gArlicy but the lemonade with ginger wad so good. They r such a small restaurant, not fancy at all. Go for lunch thou not din.
Wow, something out of this world! Very good southern cajun and creole cooking! The Shrimp and Grits was delicious, The Po'boy out of this world, and even the cajun dip for an appetizer was so good! If you are looking to try something new this is the place to go!
Great place, great location, friendly staff, fantastic food. One big complaint: too noisy. WAY too noisy. \n\nFavorite dish: the quiche, but if you want it for lunch,  get there early as it sells out quick if there is any left from breakfast.
EXCELLENT FACIALS! If you're prone to breakouts don't leave without PCA Blemish Bar!
Exellant food! Inexpensive lunch buffet ( like 8.95). Friendly staff. Best beans and rice anywhere! Not much more to ask for. Food portions are inconsistant, I think it depends on who's cooking.
Proprios sympas et enthousiastes.professionalisme \u00e9vident exellent choix de produits essentiellement russes.
The owners are super friendly & informative. If you're unsure of the items on the menu, they would show & tell you exactly what is in each of the food options. Don't be scared to ask! \n\nFood is delicious! I would definitely recommend if you're looking for something different than the typical American food.
The staff is great! The gas prices are high but if you're getting a car wash make sure to sign up for their card and you get lower gas prices. Oh and don't forget that they are full sevice. Let the staff pump your gas on those hot days.
BLOWN AWAY! \n\nI'll post a full review soon I just had to say they were amazing & we highly recommend! \n\nEverything was amazing! See photos I'm uploading shortly =)
Great food!! Great atmosphere!!
Best gelato ever! I'm not sure what I enjoyed more the gelato or the awesome employees. Made lots of yummy suggestions and let us try any flavor we wanted. We'll be going here again soon!
It was my first time hang gliding and it was totally awesome!!!  I would recommend them for first timers as well as people wanting to learn to fly on their own.  Amazing experience.  A must do!
great food, great service, and great atmosphere. I would go again if i find myself in Pittsburgh.
This place surprised me with how good it is! The food was great, and the live band on the weekends was a nice touch. I came here with a few friends so I was able to sample some of the different types of meats and everyone of them was delicious!
Waitress is the best, angry dog with pork belly as my boss would say the bomb, my girl friend had the beef bulgogi dog shared euro fries Def coming back
We have been so happy with our pest control service through Provisions Pest Control.  They text each month to let us know the day and time they will be servicing our home and our house is bug free.  Thank you!
Delicious food - eloquent, classy atmosphere and impeccable service. It's pricey but I don't mind paying for good food. There are also happy hour specials if you sit at the bar before 7.
Fun place with great Italian food, and close to Red Rock Canyon!
OMG! I had the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict It was fantastic! My friends were similarly impressed with their meals.  I'm not a fan of the decor, but the food more than makes up for it.
I had to zip though this because of time I had to be at other places. But it seem to be about like the other casinos I like.
YUMMM!!! always very good sushi! Quick service, and everyone working there is very nice. Every roll I have tried is delicious! I'm a very picky sushi eater, and this place is definitely one of my favorites of all time!
I love this place. It has what I need. Parathas especially from Kawanku. Gopal did a good job at expanding his business.
Began and ended my South End Gallery Crawl (1st Fri of each month) at Ciel. They are constantly rotating their shows (primarily mosaics),so it's worth stopping in once a month. Their new location is a big improvement over the old space.
Love this Place!!! The chef really knows what he is doing. It is always a hit every time I go there.  I truly love this place it is a great place for sushi! The Miso soup is awesome, my daughter sometimes can not get enough of it, I will admit sometimes neither can I.
I love going to JJ's for breakfast. They have friendly staff and always take very good care of me. The owner definitely goes out of his way to make sure you are happy and being taken care of. It is a neighborhood spot so if you live in North Scottsdale you should check it out, you may see someone you know.
Casino is good - has a nice variety of games& waitresses are good - the restaurants are a hit - good food for some of the most reasonable prices you will find like breakfast for 2.99 & it's good fresh food too. We have never stayed here but i would not hesitate to. It is worth going by.
Loved the show we saw here... Can't wait to see what else is coming up...will go back for sure!
Always great service with a friendly atmosphere. All you can eat Sushi at a great price.
I love this sandwich shop, and will continue being a return customer! If you are looking for a great sandwich shop, this is the place to check out!!
This place is absolutely fantastic.  The ingredients are so fresh and high-quality that its unbelievable.  The quesadillas, tacos, burritos, mole, everything is incredible.  You cannot go wrong with this place.  Whatever the meat you get it is going to be fantastic and their salsas are wonderful too.
This salon is AWESOME! Mary was super nice and did a wonderful job on my color (went dark w/ beautiful results). Everyone there was so great. Decor is modern, salon is quaint with a very relaxed feel. Everyone should enjoy this salon and the experience.
Great food, unlike most Chinese around Arizona.\n\nThey also serve Crab rangoon, not cream cheese puffs.
Great pizza & an awesome tofu sandwich! I first ate at MM in Atlanta in 1992 and they have continued to improve upon their concept. They are consistent in every location. The Asheville location is as good as the Charlotte downtown location. Great wait staff and management from Matt is as good as it gets!
I got a kobe beef patty.  I wasn't blown away.  Nonetheless, the meat had a good flavor - juicy, wholesome.  It didn't taste old or cheap or even worse, it didn't have a cow smell/taste which I've experienced at other gourmet burger places.
This is a great place to watch a game or just have a beer. Their ribs are mouthwateringly good. If you ride a Harley this is a definite pit stop!
Smoothest, creamiest hummus Ive had. All three flavors are great and paired with some whole wheat pitas and some marinated chicken= WIN.\nFair prices and huge portions.
Saturday 0730 and I'm waiting in the drive thru for more than 15minutes. Only one person taking orders on two lanes.  Received my order exactly as ordered and gentleman that delivered my order was friendly.
The Samosas were excellent!  Great food, big portions you won't go hungry!  Inexpensive prices.
We make it a point to come and get the Kobe Beef Sashimi everytime we come to Vegas. It is absolutely the most amazing thing in the entire world! Our experience there has always been amazing. The waiters are so friendly and so helpful! The four stars is for the Kobe Beef Sashimi and the great staff!
Excellent food!\nService was great.... Reasonable too.\nI can't wait to go back and try some of the other stuff on the menu.
This place is yummy! I always order Miso Ramen and extra Chasu! Service is great and the atmosphere is really nice too.
Went at 2 PM. Excellent food. Service okay. Modest pricing.Everything was truly enjoyable. Chai tea, punjabi handi lamb & garlic naan, feerney/khees. I looked at what other people were served and wanted to ask what the beautiful presentations were? Will enjoy trying many other dishes!
great breakfast!!! I LOVE IT.... \n\npatatoes amazing... pancakes amazing!!! yum\n\nnot amazing for supper... but good for breakie.
Jordan is amazing at what he does . My friend and I have gotten two dermals by him . Clean quick didn't hurt at all . Answers all ur questions and great service .
Jeff was friendly, thorough and honest. The price was fair. It's nice to know of a good mechanic that you can return to. I will be returning when ever my car needs it.
I love the salads at Rubios. Low calorie delicious eats keep me coming back for more! The service was really great but the floors were a little dirty. Overall, I enjoy going to this restaurant.
amazing. A must see if you are in the downtown area. this is my personal favorite pool. I love the atmosphere. It doesnt look lik eit belongs down town. It is too nice and modern looking.
My favorite place to go!! Love the atmosphere, just sitting on the deck overlooking the lake. Night time is fun too with open mic on Wednesday nights with Jon Linker!
I was looking for a great steakhouse in Charlotte! I know longer have to look any further. Between the delicious anniversary steak dinner and the best wait staff; Morton's is my favorite place.
Routine cleaning and in need of updated x-rays. Dr. Neary and his entire staff from the front desk, Terri, to the hygienist, Elaine are just great; very professional, timely and courteous. Great practice and would highly recommend!! \n\n                                               Mike P.\n                                               Scottsdale
The food was amazing! The chicken is amazing, the warm maple syrup and the various southern side dishes are all wonderful. Jake an was our server and he was incredibly attentive, personable and knowledgable. Definitely will be back soon!!
Great food, we had a turkey wrap and the buffalo chicken tacos.  Tavern chips are awesome, would try them as an appetizer next time.
Great Lunch Spot! Seriously if your downtown and in the mood for a sandwich you should hit up sacks. They really have turned sandwich making into an art. There salads are delicious as well.
Absolutely fabulous! Was highly recommended and they did not disappoint. We will definitely be back.
Wonderful place to eat. Fresh food, great prices. \n\nHappy hour has amazing prices, and  all you can eat is great as well. Their customer service very satisfying.\n\nTo-Go service is great as well. Some wait, but not too long.
I love pizza. any pizza. Don't take my opinion on it.\n\n$5 for slice, and $5 for a draft beer.
You can buy bus tickets from here also
I have seeing every show in Vegas more then ones this ONE had me singing and dancing I loved it lol ABSOLUTELY AMAZING
Fish and chips were great.  People should not come here for lunch and discuss business.  Enjoy your meal as if it were your last.
Incredible burger at such a reasonable price!
Finally had a chance to watch a game here! Just moved to Surprise in July, and have been waiting for spring training. Very easy parking, and the seats are great! It does not matter where you sit. The diner have great food. I will be coming here a lot!
The View, The decor, ahh the food for the price..eh it was good though...
Yum! First time having breakfast here. Great menu with combination of upscale dishes and standards. Large portions. Awesome porch. Bar service. Love how they converted this area landmark. Good happy hour. Solid food and service. So happy to have this restaurant/bar in this area!
Love this game stop i live an equal distance between two locations and will chose this one every time the employees know what there talking about and are always polite and willing to help love the employee Carlos and Sasha
Not the best location, it's hidden in a small strip mall but I will say the pizza is excellent! I will order with them again
I love the Venetian.  Ive stayed here many a times and havent had complaints.\nService, quality, gaming, food, entertainment, all covered.
For the price this place is good. Chicken Teriyaki is very good! Portions are very in the customers favor. Also a plus the place looks very clean!
This is by the best place for a carnivorous person such as me. CARNIVAL!
These guys are fresh out of Brooklyn, NY.  Pizza is SOOOOOOO good!  It's nice and crispy on bottom and fluffy in the middle :)  HIGH quality toppings too!\n\nWe've been NUMEROUS times and again today!
Ahhh, Phoenix winters. Just nice enough to justify buying entire lots of \"light sweaters\" and just cold enough to give me a cold every two weeks from wearing said sweaters.\n\nWinter, my weakened immune system and I commend you.
This shop is lovely! If you are looking for Civil War reproduction fabrics this is the place to find them. Their selection is HUGE. The employees are sweet and very helpful.
Delicious everythinng.  Best tamales and black bean burritos.  Shark taco is better than expeced.  Margaritas were too sweet though.
Needed a new nail salon tried this on and I love it friendly staff and great work. Kevin did my pedi and I got my eyebrows done and thwy look great
By far, this is my new favorite in Phoenix!  The flavors are authentic and warming with unparalleled hospitality.  I can't wait until my next visit!!
Very small inside with a patio that is a bit larger.  We stopped in for coffee after sightseeing and the staff was welcoming and friendly.  A great alternative to \"Starbees\". My cappuccino and Hubs coffee was so rich and good we purchased a $10 bag of espresso to take home.
Very beautiful resort/spa...my second favorite place to stay after The Sanctuary in Scottsdale.  Only problem with the place is that it's so far away from Scottsdale/Phoenix, which I guess is the point.
Best burgers in Pgh, hands down. I haven't had anything that isn't great, fries, shakes, corn bread, salad, chicken burger. You can't go wrong unless you put crazy stuff on your burger, then it's your fault.
Such a great show. They gave free Jell-O shots. It was very funny and sexy. Definitely a must watch.
Quite frankly, I think i was Hispanic during my past life or something because I absolutely loveeeeee Mexican food! Now you cant really find authentic Mexican food around this area but this place is pretty legit.   definitely recommend the steak tacos and brisket nachos!! Yum!
Very loud for my taste on a monday night, but the man working the bar was beyond attentive. I tasted the well-balanced Reuben and some gooey fluffy delightful battered cheese curds.
Definitely love the concept. If they don't have a happy hour they should. And bottle service that's reasonable. Only issue is having a video game you never played playing it while getting your buzz on.
Absolutely perfect. The service was excellent . Javier was on point. The French onion soup was fantastic. The chicken and mushroom crepes were superb. All around excellent experience. Highly recommend
Good choice if you are starved for sushi.  My kids loved the instant gratification.   Service was very good - we visited on Mother's day after a trip from Sedona and they had a flower for my wife.  Nice touch.
Gonna make this one short and sweet. . Really like this place . The bagels are awesome and always fresh .cant go wrong going to this place. The owner is really cool and always greet me respectfully .
A nice find tonight.  A strange location in a residential area albeit mainly university students.  Food was great pub food and the Hops IPA was refreshing.  A definite return visit is in order soon!  The place was buzzing for a Tuesday night and from what I hear is a tough seat to get most nights due to its popularity.
I always come here for lunch and it's fantastic. Great Mediterranean food that is healthy and quick. The service is always great and the food has always been spot on. If you are trying to grab a nice lunch on the go, then eat at Zoe's Kitchen.
I love the \"the favorite\" breakfast menu. The scramble egg went pretty well with the goat cheese. The basil and tomato egg was simple and delicious. It's a cute and delicious place for breakfast. Would definitely come back.
Overall a decent experience. Looks like the pricing is good too. I definitely want to come back and try the burger.  I had the #4 which is great because you get a Chicago dog and a small Italian beef.
Gina - the manager, great service. Food came out as expected for a few of us, one party did not like their fish with skin, so Eric, our server fixed it.
We are extremely pleased with the outstanding service provided by Brandon, Alex and Elliot. Not only were they prompt, efficient and careful but they were also cordial and engaging people.  These three are excellent movers and we will undoubtedly use them again in the future!!!
hey this place is pretty good my friend told me there is some in cali never seen or been there before i was surprise how good it is had there tacos they are great one of the best i ever had.
The atmosphere was great and I loved my pedicure. Other than the grumpy man that greeted me and collected my money, I loved this place!
Fab choice of fillings for panini's, focaccia's, rolls etc. proper oven baked baked potatoes too.\nGreat, friendly service and although it's busy, the queue moves quickly. Reasonably priced, competes well with other lunch shops in the area.
D\u00e9licieux et pr\u00e9sentation originale! Petit resto sympathique avec une terrasse en arri\u00e8re. J'ai bien aim\u00e9!
The best Indian food in vegas ever. Nice staff, plenty space,no reservation need. Chicken masala is so smooth and creamy, melting in mouth. Try garlic naan! Will be back for sure.
If you want to have the best breakfast in town you have got try this place. Small Town feel, wonderful service.
It was really hard and frustrating to find the place but once we got there and got our food everything tasted really good. My waffles were a bit cold but they made up for it with the hot syrup. Great atmosphere and great portions for price.
Di Notte - fontina, pecorino, gorgonzola, mozzarella and spicy salame  \n\nOne of my top 5 pizzas of all time...and I've had it many times...doesn't dissapoint.
Crepes and quiche were wonderful for breakfast.  Quality ingredients.  Tried a sandwich here too.  Tasted good, but all pricey...$5 for a 16 oz water bottle!
It's just a small place, but it's my first time here after the remodel. \n\nLate night Steak and Eggs for $10.99 seems pretty good. The steak cooked perfect and the service was great.\n\nStop by.
Loved the tuna!
Restaurant was nice. Atmosphere was not romantic. Do not go during the weekdays, since you will only see OLD people. Food was OK, but too expensive for the price. I would not recommend this to others.
Goat cheese fundido really well done with interesting flavors. Margaritas on point. Party of three--2 green chile cheeseburgers and smoked shrimp tacos. Burgers very good, smoked shrimp tacos made me mad I got out ordered.
My all-time favorite.  Superb!
The burgers are good, but not great.  What is great is the ability to choose from so many toppings.  I love the that.  There are almost too many options.  It is hard to narrow down my choices to an amount that will work on one burger.
Explosion Burgushi. Awesome onion rings. Superb sweet potato fries. Worth the hour long wait.
Amazing experience. Seafood platter was great, so was the lobster poutine. The deep fried mars bar was nothing like what you'd find at the fair- very good.
Another romantic spot.  I haven't been in a while... but I have always enjoyed my meals in the past.  Southwestern influenced cuisine.  Beautiful patio.  Great service.
Stop by today for California Burger and I also their chocolate brownie delight sundae.  It is probably one of the best sundaes I have ever had.  If you are a chocolate fan, this place is definitely something that you will want to try. The help is friendly and helpful.
We have had several diners there in the past year and no complaints other than the noise. \nThe diners have been very good, served hot and timely. \nThe prices are reasonable and the service is great.
I always look forward to stopping here for breakfast on my way to and from Daytona Beach.  I always get a seat quickly, the servers are always pleasant and professional and the breakfast is always good and filling and not a bad price for airports whose businesses often grossly overcharge for everything available for sale.
Update:   Violeta, while still full of awesomeness, only works the day shift now.  If you visit in the evening Evelyn (Evie) rocks!
Fresh, inexpensive, delicious Chinese food! Even makes me feel like I'm eating healthy with all of the fresh veggies they throw in. My favorite is the Kung Pow chicken. Again, very fresh tasting! White meat! Couldn't ask for anything better! Very polite staff also :) Lunch specials can't be beat!
Try the TIO PIO...Does that mean Uncle Pio?  It is basically a bacon wrapped jumbo shrimp taco with a cilantro cream sauce...scrumptious...
Amazing happy hour and lunch menu! Good for date nights, groups, or families. Sushi is always fresh and tastes great! Drink deals are a plus with delicious green tea ice cream to end the visit. I highly recommend Yen Sushi!
I have never dealt with a company this efficient, meticulous and thorough. No complaints at all - I will continue leasing with them as long as I continue to live in Madison
Love this place for it's wine list and great appetizers. I've been twice and recommend going just after it opens up for the evening for quite conversation and
i work nearby, and this is a perfect spot for lunch.  great food, quick service, and very friendly staff.  once you're inside, you don't even remember that you're in a strip mall.
I like this place but the hours are inconvenient (top roping doesn't open until 5PM during the week!!!!) I wish they would expand their hours. Otherwise, they make a nice effort to change their routes relatively often.
Got to try for first time and definitely not disappointed.   Had a chance to to sample all the poboys along with their classic gumbo.  Definitely will return\n Friendly and great serbice.
Amazing food the prawns where so fresh and delicious and the atmosphere was beautiful. My mouth is watering thinking of the dinner we had! Would recommend to anyone visiting vegas
Great locally owned bakery!  Fresh donuts, bagels, pastries, and cupcakes. Consistent quality and selection. \n\nThey'll even custom fill and frost/coat your donut!
You will NOT find better Thai/Vietnamese food in Charlotte. Period. Do yourself a favor and get the Pho Ga. Out of this world!
This place is great! The only downside is that it is 40 minutes from my house. I wish it was closer. Really nice and affordable outdoor range. The people there are really friendly.
I love Jimmy Johns. It came to a point where I had Jimmy Johns every night for 2 weeks. The vito is awesome and I love their totally tuna. The bread is what makes the sandwich though and oh man, it is awesome. Jimmy Johns probably has the best sandwich bread that I have ever tasted and I know my sandwiches.
Deliciously decadent little bites of chocolate paradise!
great stuff, love their fish tacos, nachos, burritos, and salsa bar. Also this is weird but their soda machine makes real good soda ;P. I wish the nachos were a little bigger though.
I think this could be the best bargain for quality hibachi food there is in Vegas! The staff is friendly and fun loving, the food is outstanding, the portions are great, and it is overall my favorite place for this type of dining!
Very professional and courteous staff! I have a diesel truck and the price for an oil change was VERY reasonable!  ($120 for 15 qts) The best part was the entire oil change only took 15 mins! This is my new oil change spot!
Amazing food and atmosphere! love this place!!!!
Ok I have not been there in a few years( since i moved away) but this is the best ever and I miss it terribly. Oh and the food rocks.
I love you Gumby's.  You not only answer the phone on New Year's at like 3 am, but you deliver my Pokey Sticks promptly.  You are so, so, so tasty and greasy - perfect for thwarting a pending hangover.
Beautiful facility!  Both this and the new Glendale Complex are top of the line!  Wow!  All good views, great times had by all!!  Fantastic!!
I have been coming here for over 25 years and love it!  The food is tasty, even in a take-out situation where there's a microwave involved.  Is it the BEST food I have ever had?  No, but the classic Chinese restaurant atmosphere and family style dining are always a pleasure.
Love this spot for a good lunch! Great salads and fresh sandwhiches !! Its my daily lunch! im in love! keep it up!!
Rudy's never disappoints! Breakfast, lunch or dinner it's always good! Peach cobbler is a must have!
Love this theater!  Wished I'd known sooner that I could get parking tickets validated (up to 4 hours!).  Nice wide lobby, clean and bright concession stands and restrooms, and clean stadium seats.  What more can you ask for?
Really good whiskey and beer selection to choose from along with a unique menu. Definitely try the smokestack cocktail if you like smokey flavors and an awesome experience service was good and environment was just what you would expect from a public house! Don't miss if you are in the area!
Tammy the waitress was amazing . Make sure u ask for her. Food was also really good!!!
Been meaning to try this place for a while now. So glad we finally did! Great food for a great price and so many options! You can mix up the fillings or get extra on the side for only a buck. The chicken was juicy and delicious. We will be back...and soon!
This place has some of the best food I have ever had. Their po boy may just be the best sandwich i've ever had.\nNice family run spot, with great service!
Always busy for HH! They have great patio seating (not in the sun). Food is fast and fabulous. A great place for out of towners to go see the Scottsdale scene and not be disappointed!
Visiting for a week on business. Great local beer! Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area. I recommend the Honey  Brown. They also had a local band playing. Offers seating inside and two balconies.
I seriously LOVE this store find virtually anything you want under the bulls eye (they have a large selection of groceries)  ... and the meat/steaks RULE ... I'm not kidding.
Had to carry out pizza because the place was too crowded. The pizza took about an hour to make, but it was worth it. Best pizza in the area that I've had so far.
The fresh was very fresh and the environment was very nice.  I enjoyed all the food there.  The appetizer and fatty toro were my favorites.
Excellent customer service and high quality of work here are worth a little extra driving for me to get my car washed. Most importantly for me, it's one of those places where I don't feel like I have to strip my car of all possible valuable items or papers with personal info when I get out and hand the keys over.
Loved the sushi had lunch there and enjoyed each of the 5 rolls that we had. Very clean and great service. Fancy lady is our new favorite roll. We will be eating there again.
Shredded chicken sandwich had great flavor, but the bread to meat/veggies ratio was way off (and they completely left out chilis!).   Next time I'm getting a 10\" and am Titanic-ing the contents to give me a meaty 5\" banh mi.
OMG, they have closed up and gone.  Our family loved going there.  Sign on the door said the lease was up and they decided to close.  Hope they decide to open somewhere else.
Both the food and service here are great! The tempura is light and non-greasy. The prime NY steak is so tender and yummy. We drive all the way from the Las Vegas strip just to eat here.
giving it 5 stars for same reasons as others before: sonic is open 24 hours, convenient location, i experienced super friendly service, and the food was pretty fresh even at 230am. all in all, its decent quality fast-food that sure hits the spot afterhours.
Crepes are great but a bit pricey for what you get.  The cheese fries are fab if you are with a group.  If you have room try the desserts.
Number 11 And a side of chili oil please! Thats all I reccommend you can call pick it up and leave! Lol 6022688010
Very expensive and not particularly large dishes.\n\nIf you're okay with this first statement, this place is a great place.  The food is really good and the interior is very stylish.  Also, the service is great.  This is a very professional place that you wouldn't expect to see in Champaign.
Had the bison burger today.  It was excellent. One of the best burgers I've had in a while.  The seasoned fries were good and the aioli they served with them was unreal.
Where would I be without my TJ's???  I go for everything!  wine, coffee, cheesecake, cookies, and food!  not to mention wonderful flowers!
This was one of the best parts of our trip. The tour was wonderful!  Christian was our tour guide and if you get him you'll be in for a fun time. He was full of information and entertaining. We will be doing this tour again in the future.
I luv the women here their always smiling and fun to be around, My mother sister and I have been going to them for years and they take care of there regulars :) .. Always a Funtime
Very good tasting. Big over priced. We got 2 orders of fish tacos (4 tacos) to share and - order of shrimp & chips. Not bad but not awesome. I prefer Wahoo in SoCal.
This is one Buffet that we love to go to mainly because of the Great food and fantastic service not mention the excellent ambience
great place to get the hardware you couldn't find at the bigger chains (home depot, lowes ie.). Every single employee i have spoke to has been very knowledgeable.
I am so happy with my purchases from CCB!! I received my shipment fast and not mention shipping was FREE!! Their clothes are unique and affordable. I am so happy with my new clothes and will continue to shop from CCB! I highly recommend them!
Jacqueline is a wonderful photographer. We have had two sessions with her and she was professional and very pleasant for both. Most importantly for me, she relaxed the whole family so our poses looked natural. The photos have beautiful color and we received many compliments on them. I love that she gives you the digital pictures so you can do whatever you want with them.
Good, friendly service.  \nCheeseburger is good and prices are fair.  \nIf you can't get to Texas for CFS, then this gem in Henderson is your second best choice!
The pizza here is really good. There are 75 different pizzas to choose from. I got a Hawaiian pizza. They are cooked in a wood burning oven and didn't take long to make. The service was really good, and it's in a good location downtown.
I used to go to the Scottsdale location which was pretty cool but I moved and came and checked these guys out! Ben gave me great service, very courteous and respectful. He gave me info on quite a few different items and he really knew what he was talking about! Thanks see ya soon!
Solid prices, delicious sushi, good service. I had a roll called the Touchdown roll....oh my balls. I've been craving it ever since. It's my favorite sushi roll of all time. Get it. Get 2.
Great fish I grew up in the Midwest and this is as close to a mom and pop bar and grill as you get love the rustic cabin feel will defiantly be coming back.
Looks good inside and food was good.  If you PT's menu you will love this place!\n\nThe sever was cute  and was right on top of every thing!
This is my go to pharmacy when I am in town. It never fails that we always forget to bring something on our trip. From makeup, sunscreen, bottled water, pain meds, etc., CVS is a good place to go. I prefer to go off the strip as well to avoid much of the major traffic.
This store is clean, lush, and super sexy. I loved everything in here. The staff was friendly (and hot!!!). The best thing was the totally luxe dressing rooms, oh man I wish I could live in there.
The food is always good, the service is always friendly, and the restaurant is always clean. What else can a bearded man ask for? Five stars.
Trip to Santan isn't complete without a stop at Frost.  The staff is always all smiles. With the variety of flavor sand seasonal items it's never boring.  We feel so much better stopping here than for ice cream somewhere else. If you've never tried gelato you need to here.
Love this place!!!! The burritos are great and the chicken soup is amazing. One of my favorite things to have here are the Micheladas. I recommend this place to anyone wanting to have great Mexican food in a great environment, and with great service.
Kennedy's is a great place to grab some food and watch a game or hang out with friends.  The outdoor seating is nice and everything I've eaten there has been good.     I especially like the buffalo chicken sandwich.
Excellent burgers and excellent servers
New to the area, found Hungry Howies and have them a try. Easy app ordering with coupons! We got the BBQ chicken with Asiago crust, amaze balls!! Fast and courteous delivery service. A+!
This place never fails!  My husband and I come here all the time and are never disappointed!  I have been to other comedy clubs in valley and none compare. LOVE Stand Up Scottsdale!  If you are thinking about checking it out do it... you won't regret it! Can't wait to come back!
If you want an awesome hairdo, come see Regina E. I've been with her for 8yrs. Show her a pic or tell her an idea and she'll make magic happen. She can do just about everything. She's amazing!!!!!
Kirsten was very helpful. My boyfriend is getting back into working out again and she was very knowledgable about the products at the store. We will most likely be coming back and would recommend people to visit this location.
Yum. After doing some shopping at the Mekong plaza we decided on having lunch here. Very clean, which is a big plus for a Vietnamese establishment. The food was great, very tasty. Would love to back.
The staff is always awesome. I love their liquids. I recommend trying Eternal Sunshine. Still my all time favorite from all of the shops liquids I've tried. Also, they have a rewards program...seriously, if you haven't been here to try their stuff, go.
Grand Opening today!  I love the Hurricane Colada! This one is a really big location.  It has lots of seating, open on Sunday's, and they take credit cards.  I'm so happy we finally have one here in South Chandler!
Great experience. Staff was quite attentive and seemed to genuinely care about our experience. Allowed us to sample a couple appetizers. Most of the items we had for dinner (appetizers, entrees and dessert)
Great show, it kept going and you wish it would never end! The show kept moving and the story line went with out words, but was smooth with a great ending. I recommend this show for anyone with or with out kids.
Lots of free samples.  Very friendly customer service.  Many flavors.  I bought 3 bags and peanuts as well. Best jerky I have had in a while. Priced appropriately. Will be going back for sure.  Located downtown container park.
Don't remember the name of my order here but it was basically sliders and fries that was good. They cured my hangover, thank you!
Got an amazing assortment of Portuguese tapas for a very reasonable price. The atmosphere was inviting and though the place was packed, the service was excellent. The seafood was out of this world.
my cousins took me here and i was just blown away. one word to describe their food and that is delicious! i had the tartelettes au citron and it was amazing. i definitely have to come back and try more. your taste buds will feel as if they died and gone to heaven.  so GOOD!
Mothers Day Brunch was awesome from the lamb comps, prime rib, crab legs, Belgium waffles, bacon, omelette, shrimp, sausage and orange juice. Great service and totally stuffed to the point where we could barely move afterwards.
Fantastic oysters and a really nice crab louie salad. \nService was a bit off on my visit - and the place could stand an update. \n\nReally - who care the food is fresh and delicious.
Been here twice, pizza and appetizers were great. Service was great, our waitress was very friendly. Deserts are not that tasty.
The coffee is good\nThe ambiance is really comfortable\nThere is free wi-fi, sandwiches and bagels\nHIghly recommend
I love this place and always have I've been going here ever since they've opened and they never disappoint! I always have to get my nails done by my go to guy Craig who's also the manager he's AMAZING
Great service!  Super fast!  Tony the dental assistant was so efficient and gentle.   Dr Miranda really knows how to assess the patients needs and handled my teeth like I was family.  Thanks Radiant dental!!!
Fantastic breakfast!!!!\nCheap and very good food and service.\nKids loved it!!!\nWe will come back!!
Everyone told us we had to go here so we tried it. The place was packed but the service was pretty good. The smell of grease was pretty strong so we decided to eat outside.\nThe burgers were very tasty and the French fries were great.\nLeast expensive meal we had all week.
Great food, great atmosphere and great service. My kid got the looser burger, I got a chili dog and also a yummy hot dog. Awesome place to get out if the heat when in Vegas.
Great bartenders cheap beer and pool and awesome local music!
These people are amazingly friendly, helpful and have high integrity. I feel very happy to have found them when I moved back to Phoenix and need someone to care for my car.
Went there for lunch today with a girlfriend.  Great menu choices, delish food, speedy service, and clean dining area.  Overall, a great experience.
Great place to bowl and have fun with friends and family.  Food is good.  Love the nachos.
Based on all the great yelp reviews I went to see John for the first time today, and had one of the best massages I've ever had! He did an amazing job, I feel like a new person, and can't wait for my next appointment!
This atmosphere is light and fun and the food is delcious although pricey for lunch.\n\nLove that they have the same Kale Apple Slaw as the Henry!
Oh my food coma! I was still a little full from brunch but there's always room for dessert! Max Brenner is a must try in Vegas. I ordered the banana nutella crepe but replaced the banana with strawberries. Heaven. I wish I could try everything here. Until next time!
The best salsa!!! For a casual lunch/dinner mexican joint- its the best
Riccio's now has a great new loyalty program called BELLY!  Sign up and start earning rewards for great food and appetizers. Belly up ! We have been enjoying Riccio's since 1994. It is absolutely the best quality Italian food in town.
Cher pour des hamburgers, mais que c'est bon! M. Personnalit\u00e9 \u00e9tait novateur
Good club. Good music. Has two levels. On on the roof top. It has decent view of the strip on the roof. Normal high vegas priced drinks. Bartenders were cool. Wasn't a super long wait for how many people where there. Go VIP and you dont have to wait in a line long at all.
The atmosphere is great! Love the Decor. Best Happy hour spot! not what you would expect from a Tempe bar. The staff is always friendly. My Favorite hands down
Clean shop, kind weiter , ( man with beard), lovely green tea pot,lovely sacher torte!\nbright atmosphere!!!!\nMany thanks! \nGiuseppe!
Fantastic outdoor park with trails Fitness areas and different levels of trails that could accommodate the rugged steep climb or the marginal climb around the hills. Great views, clean area, lots of outdoor trails great for hiking, biking , dogs, families and all fun.
Had a great time! We had a group of local businesses (San Tan Leads) get together this morning and it rocked! Carmen took great care of us and the buffet breakfast was awesome! Definitely recommend them for a group meeting place!
Really more like 3.5 stars... Here's why - All the food here is very good and very authentic and a good quantity for the price. The service has been bad 75% of the time I have been there/ The service and the bad decor is why it did not get a better rating.
Great steaks!  Great Seafood.  Great Drinks.  Great Ambiance!
Great sandwiches! Lively atmosphere!\nNicely priced. Open 24/7. \nWhat's not to love?\n\n(May 2012)
Who is not a fan of chocolate?? I saw a chocolate bar so big that it should be called diabetic coma. This place is a must to visit and to stock up on little treats. Love this place!
this place is awesome.  great prices always friendly....its a chain but it has that family owned kinda feeling to it.  fish quality is great for the price.  best bang for your buck for sure, and this is coming from a san franciscan
The BT Cheeseburger is large and very tasty, certainly enough to fill you up without needing any sides.\nIf I'm ever in Charlotte again, this will definitely be on my list of places to visit.
Love this place. My family and I come here when ever we can. My two boys just love the butchers block, and the cheese plank. Their happy hour deal is awesome too $5 pitchers. The outside patio is also fun to hang out and relax.
Oh how i miss this place. food is always awesome and they finally have pretzel bread.
I only go for the movies or when I know what I'm getting.  Not much of a shopper but I remember having fun here when I still lived in L.A. and came to visit.
Omg this place is so fun they have great food and shakes i wanted to shimmy to the music
Awesome pizza! I can tell the dough is fresh. garlic knots and cheese bread are the best I ever had. Great pizza and great customer service, awesome place.
I've had great service here during the morning when I use the drive thru specifically.
I love inferno! Gabi is the best! Super intense and motivating workout! I love all the new classes too :)
Pour macreuse, os \u00e0 moelle, veau de lait ou ris de veau, c'est toujours l'endroit o\u00f9 je vais.
I want to bring everyone i know here forever in my life!Ilove it here,the food is amazing!!!!This place is awsome! I love the cheeseburger,thanks...
A really fun club to end the night on while spending all of Saturday night at one club or another at the Palms. Somehow got VIP passes to all the clubs so getting in was no hassle, and at the time I didn't care what was playing, I loved dancing to everything, haha.
The Shwarma is so damn good here! This is a great spot to grab lunch any day of the week.
Has to be the cleanest and best run Taco Bell I've ever seen!!!  Add friendly staff, good food and reasonable prices...nice!
Went back today for breakfast and tried the corned beef hash, it was awesome. It was really great to get good home made corned beef hash.  My date tried the pancakes and said they were light, fluffy, and really delicious.  This has become one of my favorite breakfast places!
Excellent Food. Excellent Service. Zero Complaints. The Tomahawk Ribeye Steak is fabulous. Expensive but well worth it.
Everyone that works here is so nice! Best tacos in Las Vegas my family and I will most definitely be going back again and again
I love everything about this place. Simple but amazing menu, and it's seasonal for the freshest ingredients, and you can text in your order! I will definitely be here a couple times a week for lunch!
What really sets this firm apart is that they are very approachable and accessible, not like those OTHER law firms where you are the endless mercy of some legal assistant.  These guys know what they're doing and will deal straight with you.  Their fees were market rate or better as well!
Small joint, but some great southern cooking.  Had the shrimp po-boy and 1/2 dozen oysters.  Yum yum!  Be sure to make reservations though as its a tiny restaurant with just over 35 seats.  Might have to wait for a table and the bar seats 6.  Worth the wait though.
stayed here a couple times the older decorated rooms are not my taste kinda too old.  So if you plan to stay here asks for a newer suite.  Nice shops and great location give it 4 stars
The only way to say it is it was the best Hawaiian BBQ out there.  The chicken and the macaroni salad were phenomenal.  I still get cravings for it and it has been closed for years.  I have yet to find a place that compares to Mai Island.  Please bring it back.
I do not like pickles, but Penguin's fried pickles with Ranch are amazing! As with any good restaurant there will probably be a line, but it is definitely worth the wait!
Plenty of tv's to watch whatever game might be on. Place seems to do great business. Has a nice covered outdoor seating area as well along with tv's to watch. Ice cold beer and great burgers!
The food was decent, drinks were good. Minus one star for the bartender that tried to over charge us for our drinks thinking we would be too buzzed to notice. Their cafe side has good mocha's.
They do everything right.  The beefy leafy sandwich was most excellent.   Great coffee, great service while listening to live music.  My wife enjoyed her Cuban sandwich too.
Virtually always have a pleasant experience here.\nService is warm and friendly.\nLove some of their pastry selections.\nLechon on Sundays! *woo hoo*\n\nWill definitely return. Again! ^_^
I'd have to say, the Lamb burger at BLT is the best burger I have ever had. And I order burgers everywhere I go. Fantastic. I can't go to Vegas, and not eat here. The wings are pretty good too.
Hidden gem in the strip and they open 24 hours! I love to go here for hangover after drink. they serve everything whole day so whenever you craving for Korean food then just go here, The Korean BBQ is pricy but the taste is good. but don't go there when convention going on because too crowed.
I tried Fat Tuesday for the first time last thursday since I just turned 21 and let me tell you I was messed up with that extra shot of 151 but I LOVED it! I can't wait to come back and try some more! I love FAT TUESDAY!!! (:
First time here....Kind of like a souped up Dairy Queen from up north. Bacon cheddar Burger was as good a burger as I've had, cooked perfectly and the Custard/ice cream was delicious. Definately a fan of this establishment. Priced right with good service and very clean as well.
Our favorite pizza we usually order the mushroom and truffled arugula pizza with a salad. Its the perfect amount of food for two people. The crust is amazing cracker thin crispy goodness. The also have gluten free pizza.
I came by on my last visit when I heard about their happy hour in the bar area. I have to admit it was pretty amazing. Everything came out fast and was warm and full of flavor.  Also, a good thing to know is if you are a local you get 20% off your check when you have dinner.
I could spend hours in this place! They have such beautiful paper, cards, stamps, pens etc. I am making my wedding invitations using their products. Love Paper Source!
I love duck & this place has an amazing spicy roasted duck plate I believe it was dish #54.  A great choice for duck lovers.
Random, but really cool! Great place to take the kids and keep the whole family entertained. Good place to take out-of-town visitors too. Had the BBQ chicken pizza which was delicious. Will definitely be back again.
Always fast. Drive thru or walk in. Everyone knows how to do their job and they do it well.
I'd heard they have one if the best breakfasts in Madison, and I have to agree. It's an adventure too. The space is tiny, the tables are cramped, and you get to share a table with strangers. That's part of what makes it great. I loved the atmosphere. The food was fresh, hot and delicious.
Have been here a couple times since starting school this fall. Food has always been good but they have a couple servers that have terrible attitudes. When it's happened more then once, it's no longer them just having a bad day. They have a great tap selection and drink specials too.
I love to see places going into neighborhoods like Millvale because it will only help it grow.  Great and friendly staff.  Love their beers and I am also a huge fan of the visiting food trucks.  Will definitely go back.
Went there twice while I was visiting Vegas. Very personable employees.
Very cool concept.  Great place to go to do something different; watch a not-mainstream move in a funky setting with beer, wine or both.  If you complain that Phoenix is not a \"real city,\" this is exactly the type of establishment you need to visit and support.
This is another one of my favorite Thai restaurants.  One of my korean friends introduced me to this place.  It as a bit more modern atmosphere than Pin Kaow with some different menu items as well. The food is superb.   If you like Thai food this should be on your list of places to go to.
Amazing cocktails. Great ambiance. No cover. Relaxing retreat from the Fremont Experience. Great bartenders. Best.Punch.Ever. This place deserves to be on the main strip. Do yourself a favor and stop in.
Great b-fast burritos and friendly staff. I mis-ordered my tea and they remade it for me without any attitude. A nice escape from all the corporate shops around town. Comfy couches and chairs and a mellow vibe.
The service at this Cold Stone was excellent! Jake and Lauryn were incredibly friendly and made my ice cream experience joyful. :)
The place is nice and not too far from the strip. I enjoyed the appetizer you get with your meals.  The miso soup is awesome and the sushi kicks a**. The only thing I didnt like was the katsu bowl I ordered. The taste got really boring but other than that \"thumbs up\"
This place is amazingly delicious, the owner is super friendly and the food I just cannot rave enough about my belly was completely happy
Some days it's better than others... If people weren't so rude, obeyed the traffic laws and actually paid attention to the stop lights there'd be a lot less headaches & swearing.
Just opened yesterday!!! Lots of selection. Great items. Better prices. This place will be packed before too long - which will leave Ross across the street empty. Get in early for the best selection.
I hosted a business exchange in their two private rooms a few weeks ago and was so impressed with the staff and the service they provided.  We had a great event and all of my guests loved the location!  Everything was set-up as it should be and the food was put out exactly on time.  The bartenders were great and kept everyone happy!
I was down in Charlotte on business for five days and I ate here four of those days for lunch.  NEED I SAY MORE?
Wow!  Awesome place and owner and manager  treated us out of towners like  royal  guests.  Cute place   sat outside for dinner and had a great meal. Prices are  very competitive  as well.
I went in here this past week to get a replacement phone for my son. We were in by 7:30pm and out by 8:00pm.
Mushroom omelette and crispy hashbrowns. The service was prompt and delightful...especially the attentive Keno girl. Gotta love winning money over eggs and toast. If you stay at treasure island and want a quick breakfast without leaving the casino, I recommend the coffee shop.
This is one of the nicest, friendliest stores I've shopped in since I moved to Vegas. I bought bar stools at a great price. My salesman Ray was so accommodating. They assembled it for me and took it to my car. They have more than lamps, so browse around.
I visited this store a couple of times already (even before the relocation in the mall).  The staffs are very friendly and helpful, and I can't wait to go back to check out their sales and the latest cute collections!
long lines, made sloppily, take forever, bad service, however the drunken crowds that fill this place along with the never changing satisfying taste make this place a four star
Five stars for my fire-roasted veggie tacos.\n\nZero stars for the heat. My god, Arizona is Satan country.
It's super fast, friendly, and yummy! I had a large pho with rare meat and it was great. Lots of meat compared to other places. I also really enjoyed the soda chan, a lime and club soda mix. Really refreshing in the Vegas heat.
Just fabulous food, waiters and bartenders and the atmosphere is outstanding.  Happy Hour is the best I have seen in Arizona.  REALLY FIRST CLASS.  Can't wait to go back.  Their dinners must be fabulous.
The best pizza there is.
Very good foie gras and pork belly over rice.  Price is decent compares to San Francisco.  Great service located in a unique location.  Reservation yes.  Great cocktail and sake menu.  For sure not for kids.  I will come back .
a very nice place for walking/bike-riding taking photographs etc... Also has an area that burned due to careless visitors.
Must come here!!!!!! Painless threading!!!! Great service!!!! Beautiful eyebrows!!!! Best eyebrow threading place i've ever been to!!
Has everything a dollar store usually has. This one is larger than most I've been to on the east coast. Much more clean and organized than the ones I've been to on east coast. I think I may have actually been at the Sun City location.
I have been coming 3 times a week for lunch and choosing grilled fish and veggies to aid my diet plan. Service from 1115 to noon is great..food great..lost 20 lbs great..very nice server's.
Walked over before a dbacks game. Loved the beer garden, nice draft selection and good tunes. It will likely become tradition before future games.
Tuesday $2 tacos... excellent deal for lunch!  Highly recommend Baja, Ahi, and carne asada tacos.
I have tried all the Nigiri sushi. The quality of the fish are decent and served at slightly lower than the room temperature. The fish are fresh and they are cut  after the order are received at the bar counter. Whether you are sushi roll eater or the nigiri eater you will be able to enjoy sushi here!
The best place to go to. Friendly staff, clean salon, great atmosphere, beautiful nail bar. Oh, and they play movie while you're getting your  services done. Love this salon
I love Smoke! It has become one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. The food is inexpensive and so tasty. The egg taco is especially good. Seriously, go to Smoke and support a great local business. So good.
Ehhhh, I would think spending five bucks on a burger it would at least be something homemade and tasty... unfortunately it only tasted good cause of the bbq sauce.\n\n Will never be back to this high priced establishment...
0 stars at Alll. This place is nothing but Shit hole!!, I strongly recommend that please never visit this place. Believe me!!
Delicious & vegan-friendly food.  Chau Chau was out of this world!
Never come on Friday night. There is an hour wait for food. And they won't tell you you may have to wait before you place your order.
An absolutely incredible experience. My appointment was with Joseph. He told me he was 72 and originally from Sicily and he's been a barber since he was 13 years old. I could tell he takes great pride in his life's work. I can't say enough about the professionalism and atmosphere and I will definitely be back.
Great place for a very tasty but unique breakfast.  I enjoyed it thoroughly!
Made the mistake of coming here on Black Friday. Store was packed and only two workers (that I saw). Wanted to get some Moose Munch, but left cause the line to get help was just too long.
the best gas station in the world! they have Ruster buster light
I like this food.  Seems healthy. Good value.  Two locations.  Jicama fries are awesome.
Nice and clean location with quick smoothie  makers! I love their smoothies, but they should really stop making food! It's worse than frozen Costco food. \n\nAcai Berry Boost has my heart right now, but if I'm feeling dangerous, Hawaiian breeze!
Awesome hotel on the strip with Tao as an awesome club. This is the place that I normally stay at. The suites are huge. Staff can sometimes be slow, but it's not too bad. Very clean and gorgeous place to be.
Unfriendly bartenders who refused to give me a cup of water (bottled only) and have a $25 minimum for drinks.  Music was average, crowd was rather dull, I'd suggest going to Krave or Share for a better gay bar experience in Vegas.
I hate this hotel and the club XS. Everyone is rude, I hate this hotel and everyone who works here. They don't care about customer service at all. DO NOT STAY OR COME HERE!!!!!!
They have some really original combinations.  The pizza I had was great and a good size---I actually got two meals out of my lunch.  Service is a bit slow so don't stop here if you are in a hurry.  It took us about 45 minutes to get a salad and thin crust pizza.
Horrific; Cold food that is overpriced and not seasoned at all. \n\nAs for the service, it's almost like the staff is paid NOT to care about your needs.\n\nI don't believe this place will be in business for long.
Knowledgeable, fair and fast. What more do you need for car repair? Oh, and friendly too. Forgot about that.
Wow the owner here is extremely rude and seemed to talk down to me. I stopped by with some items to ask about how selling there works. She  barely acknowledged me after I stood in front of here for a few minutes. Rude rude rude. Never going back
Absolutely beautiful and completely free! :D
Great afterhours on Tuesday nights. Good for getting away from the strip a little.
SO FAST! I went earlier tonight and was so impressed by how fast they made my original acai bowl. I've been to the other locations (Thrive) before and this was by far the fastest service I've had when ordering an acai bowl! LOVED IT
Their food is garbage. Last time I went I tried the cheese enchiladas. Corn tortilla filled with shredded jack cheese smothered with a bland sauce. It's run by Mexican's that can't cook Mexican food? I won't be back anytime soon.
Great place for Pizza and Wings and everyone there takes care of us all the time. \nAnd I want to thank them for the job they always do for us..
Great store. So many items in this huge store. You could spend the whole day looking at all the beautiful things I  this store. Staff is frIendly and very knowledgeable. Enjoy it every time I go in the store.
Great cocktails but bad service.  Sat at the bar and pretty much had the menu thrown at me. It took about ten minutes for the bar tender to notice me after I had a chance to review the menu. It was my first time there and probably my last. Sucks because I was really excited about going there.
Even with a brand new McDonalds next door, you can appreciate fine pastries and coffee. The sandwiches are top notch!
BEST happy hour in vegas and amazing $1 sake i go quite often
Food is always good. Some of the servers, one female in particular with an engineers hat, are not very friendly. I'd note she is the worst because she is rude and makes us pause when we decide on where to eat. Usually the food wins out.  Anyway we like coming here aside from one or two waitresses.
Love the atmosphere in this place. The lounge section is very relaxing located right in the atrium. When I go here I always get the Robata. And oddly my favorite item is Kobe Sliders. They put this spicy ketchup on them that tastes amazing.
One of the better restaurants in Pittsburgh for less than $25.
the jeans never showed and i ended up having to ask my bank to get the money back. which they did. I've also made a complaint to better business bureau about this company.
Very poor service, we had to practically beg to get things. Employees seemed more interested in talking to each other vs. taking care of their tables.\n\nSushi wasn't great and had way too much sauce on everything.
How has this place been in business so long.  The service was creepy , the atmosphere dirty and out of date, the food was below average.  The place was empty (not surprising) and yet our food took forever to come out.  Highly recommend to go across the street to Blue Adobe.
I like dueling piano bars, don't get me wrong. BUT IM NEVER GOING HERE AGAIN. The management has no respect for their customers.
Really bad food. Funky tasting quesadillas, burnt fajitas, stale rice and stale refried beans. The salsa had no flavor to it at all. I doubt this place gets repeat customers. You will be disappointed.
Salon De Cheveux is always friendly and the stylists have talent.  My hair has always looked amazing.  Kassi is amazing with color and knowing exactly how i'm trying to describe what i want with my hair.  I live in east tempe and drive to goodyear because of the trust I have with this salon.
Great sports atmosphere, creative name, clean and fun.  Their dish, Black Friday was a bit confusing though.  It is supposed to be a slider, but it is a bit too large to be called a slider.
Always here for the Mint 400 race. Fits the needs with parking, service and great staff.
Some of the best tacos in town.  No frill restaurant that serves up great food at great prices.  Love their pastor taco as well as their chorizo tacos.  Very clean but sparse restaurant
I was having issues with my iPhone battery and the service was amazing.  David spent a couple of hours assisting me and was willing to go the extra mile for me. I most definitely recommend this place for iPhone and iPad repairs. Thanks David!!
First and last. I was there for 15 mins and i had to walk to the bar to place my order. Order 4 times a beer that never arrived. One of my lucky companions dare to order yet another beer and arrive 15 mins later... I think I never got mine. Never again!!!
This place  that fuck  up  the. Food  without salt  and to fucken. Cold   And. The charger  ex for. To go  order  it's was  my favorite place but now they are so bad
Wow. The sushi bar is terrible. Tourist rolls and madly overpriced. The fish is far from quality and the rice couldn't be less inspiring. The Las Vegas hotel and all it's amenities are a ghost town. The sushi bar was the only thing open at 9:30. It was downright odd.
With dramatic improvement, their customer service might reach a level of \"Suck\".\n\nNo wonder the store is next to empty.  \n\nBurn me once shame on you....\n\nBurn me twice... well, you're not getting a second chance.
To get more detailed I would give it a 3.7. The highlight of this place are the drinks and desserts. The meals are above average but it wasn't as great as I expected it to be.
Had the Thai Fried Rice with chicken, medium-hot. It was delicious. Also ordered a cucumber salad, and it was crisp, tasty, and refreshing.  The service was incredibly friendly and fast.  I will be back, for sure!
I have been coming to this sonic burger location for a few years now.  Being that im living in hawaii we dont have a sonic out here.  I always get a conney and a cherry lime aid .  Lately ive been getting the blueberry slush with nerds.  Awesome fast and accurate service.
Customer service is great. However I come here all of the time. They need someone outside taking orders. Here now and people are pulling out of the line going next door to del taco.
Awesome place! Saw the Horrible Bosses 2 movie with my girlfriend after having dinner. It was a perfect ending to a romantic date. I have the cup that you can bring back and get cheap refills. I like that they do that! Nice theater close by to my house :-)
My family and I love Sweet Cakes- such a treasure in downtown Mesa! The food is well thought out and simply delicious. My favorites are the Turkey Delight sandwich, Cinnamon Rolls, and the Scochteroos. The cafe is cute and always very clean. I would love to see this cafe grow with a larger menu.
Karaoke Friday is hilarious! Drinks are really reasonable; $3.25 for Shock Top on draft, and $5 for a premium drink is awesome! Clientele is friendly, as is the staff. Love it here.
Had Angry Dog and Beef Bulgogi Dog. Looks messy, but actually tastes not too rich. The balance was just right.
Excellent Thai food at great prices. This is a favorite lunchtime spot of mine. I'm never disappointed by the quality and flavors.
Used to come here when I lived in AZ.  Always had a good time, and the service was great.  I've only ate the gringo rolls, and the tacos.  They're both great after a couple drinks.  I will definitely come back to this place if i'm ever back in the valley.
amazing service, went there for my prom was not disappointed, amazing steak some of the finest in las vegas for its price
Old school greasy spoon food and very nice service. It's a throwback to another time and a good one at that.
We love SAUCE.\nA gift card brought us in and we have been back since.\nWe have had great service and consistantly good food.\nLove the heaters on the patio - it was nice to dine out on a chilly night.\nOur new favorite place!
I went here looking for a good taco to rival one of my favorites a bit closer than the strip. The food was pretty good albeit a bit of a wait. The restaurant was not as clean as I would expect. Overall I will return but it is still not a favorite!
I still think everything is still good I just don't understand why the price has to be higher on mother's day & they had the same food as all the rest of the times I went there I think that part was a rip but still love the food
Hands down the best show in Las Vegas!!
Ate here today for lunch.  Beautiful area. Food is just as good as Chipolte (which I favor). Had a steak burrito with torstitos and hot sauce.
Flip For Me is AMAZING!! My daughter has been there over two years and loves it! The coaches and office staff are great!
I don't understand what is so great about this place. I got the tacos and it was one of the worst that I ever had. I just moved here and still searching for a great taco place.
This is the place for massage. \nAudrey has been working on me since 2007. she has seen me through 3 car accidents, work related back tension & teenagers. Lol! i know that when i walk in the door she sees my pain and works it out! i highly recommend her to anyone & everyone!
I have had business and personal meals here for years and I have never been disappointed. Every meal has been perfect as well as the service.
The best prices and service simply it was outsanding in every way. I was very the best !!!!1
This place has been shut down.
Amazingly fresh sashimi. Service good. Fun Scottsdale atmosphere. Loud music (in a\ngood Saturday night kind of way). Great location in Scottsdale Quarter.
Came here on a tour with a big group from meetup.  The tour guide was nice, and did his best to keep the group entertained and under control.  $5 for a tour, with a good amount of samples and a free glass.  If you're looking for something fun to do, I'd recommend it.
I am disappointed to write this review bc I've eaten here before and the food was really good, but tonight they were racist. I asked for a table and they told me to wait which was fine, but a couple walked in after me and they were sat immediately, I overlooked that but it happened again so I walked out.
Great food, service, and atmosphere.  Highly recommended.
Super slow service, mediocre to poor food..I'd check out other IHOP's in the area....not worth your time.
Picked up a Vegas weekly mag and it highlighted this place for its Nachos. Next day I checked it out for myself. Bulgogi nachos/fries are legit...can't go wrong.
simply put... I'll pass.  \n\nCopied food, copied menu, followed by less than average service.  No thanks.  \n\nSF Paris seeking new chef immediately
I normally do not eat Greek or Middle Eastern food.  Having a business meeting at Phoenicia Cafe gave me snow opportunity to taste it.  I was very impressed with all aspects of the experience.  The food was great.
Food is over priced and the wattress didn't understand english, will probably not go there again.  I give this Restuartant 6 months
Although it is position in a business building and it's not your typical bucks, it's the best in town! The employees are always welcoming and even remember our drinks. We work in this area so we don't mind the business. Although busy they are super fast! My favorite Starbucks in the city!
Dry sushi and quite bland.\n\nEdamame was undercooked by a long shot.\n\nOrange Chicken had tons of Orange Peel and little chicken.\n\nNot good!
Great service. Tasty and spicy hot sauce. The chili rellano was excellent. Will definitely be back.
Zero stars.  Was seated by hostess immediately for 9:30 dinner reservation.  Good table outside.  Sat for 10 minutes.  Nothing.  Manager called over to complain.  All he offers is a free drink?  Come the F on.  We are in vegas, drinks are free anyways.  Nuff said.  Zero stars.
Mediocre food. The best thing was probably the mashed potatoes. Chicken was dry and rubbery. Fish had a funny smell. Meat was average. Most things were too salty. Dessert was pretty good compared to the main food. Staff was average. Make the trip across the street to PH or Paris.
Love the level of service here and the prices aren't highway robbery. I drive out of my way to go to this place! Love the hot wax and sugar pedi's!
My favorite Chase branch, teller line always moves rapidly, plenty of parking in the parking lot. If you need assistance to the manager will help you call customer service, or straighten out your accounts\nI go to Bank of America, Wells Fargo, and Chase weekly, this branch is by far the best of the ones I go to
I only go there to buy cigars for my dad. They always have the ones I want in stock. What else  can I ask for. The other places always seem to be hit or miss. Check it out. It seems to be a pretty nice place to kick back and smoke. Maybe I will take up smoking. :)
In the LVRJ on Tuesday 15th of January , Mark Larkin from Larkin Plumbing was quoted saying a PVB replacement after freezing should cost between $200 & $400, and after my discount my estimate was $605. I had the repair carried out by licensed plumber for $220. \n Just saying.....
I just love the folks at Karsten's.  They are always eager to assist, they have a great selection and I would prefer shopping there over the larger stores.  Although my \"fitbit\" would prefer I walk around aimlessly in a larger store, if you want a great selection and regularly great prices, Ace is the place.
Some of the best Asian food I've had.
A huge selections for you to choose from.  We were there for like 3 hours chilling out and enjoying the food. My family must have eaten away at least a week long worth of food there.
Solid but not spectacular burgers, meat could have been juicer and of a higher quality.  But the menu options, location, and atmosphere make it a top spot to visit next time your big game is on.
I worked with this law office in the summer of 2013 and was extremely satisfied with the whole process and outcome. Erik and jazmine were super helpful and always there with answers and advice. They are genuinely interested in the best results for you. They make the process easy for an individual to understand and definitely are professionals.
Walked in dirty tables everywhere.  Pork was unforgivably dry and sauce was not tasty.  Pho was just okay.  The worst though-my partner got sick the next day.
Excellent food.   Excellent service.  Russ is awesome!   Drinks were always full.  Great view of the fountain.   Did I mention the food was great.
Mmmm shredded beef tacos! The cheese crisp is good (or as you non-native Phoenicians call it \"quesa dilla.\" Always good food. Usually good service. Not cheap, but one of the better mexican restaurants out there.
We love this little Mexican joint! Much more authentic than Emilianos & we love their chorizo, carnitas & crab options! The servers are always friendly & it's a fair price. Me gusta El Toro Loco!
went last night- - tacos were excellent- we tried siz different kinds all good- salsa and chips excellent and $2 Tecate cans- good visit- would recommend
I've been getting my hair cut at this place for years.  If you can, try and get James Choy.  He has been cutting my hair for a long time, and always does an amazing job.
Just had omg chicken. That is the name for it, and omg it was amazing. It is a grilled chicken breast with a spicy cilantro honey pesto, jalape\u00f1o jack cheese over napa cabbage slaw on ciabatta bread
Absolutely disgusted by how this place made no attempt on their website or elsewhere besides a piece of paper on the door saying they are closed. Staying on the strip getting a taxi to this place was not cheap expecting it to be open to find it isn't. Service has been horrible on many occasions.
Huge amount of space and clean facilities--great for big conventions. Parking is only $3 and pretty big parking lots on top of that! It's RIGHT off the highway which is so convenient!
This was the first place that I ever ate at in Scottsdale and let me tell you it definitely has the best sushi in town. Amazing seaweed salad, servers are nice, and the bombers are awesome! I love going here to pregame and get dinner before a night out!
STAY AWAY, he is a greedy New Yorker who doesn't pickup his phone to talk like a man. Use another chiropractor who is reasonable in his billing negotiations. I blacklisted this guy and you should do the same
Great and super speedy! Check out the french dip and the southwest wrap. They deliver pretty quickly too since its right there. Definitely ordering from here more often.
first time eating at sonic!  they need to open some of these in the bay area!  had the spicy southwest burger, which has crispy jalapeno strips, with some fries and a cherry limeaid drink.  pretty yummy!
Aachi used to be awesome. For a while I thought Chandler /Tempe finally got  a decent south Indian restaurant. Recently there has been a change in management. The service is late now, food is terrible. Will be following the old management
I'm glad this place is not closer to my house or i'd be there way too much.  The chorizo breakfast burrito is awesome, Carne Asada tacos are also really good, and the horchata was tasty.  Restaurant is very clean, and service is good.
A beautiful setting and GREAT food.  Have the burger!
I have to give them 5 stars just for the incredible service we received!  Wow, bravo.  And the food was great as well!  Deserts are five star, too.  I highly recommend this restaurant, for sure!  Take your family, they will love you for it!
Good for the price, they were accommodating and polite- food was hot and tastes good. I will be coming back.
Best local sushi in Vegas!
If you want to be treated poorly, quoted inaccurately for parts and be hung up on...talk to Bob the manager.  Do yourself a favor and find another parts dealer.
Horrible care. The staff knows the wire mesh crates hurt pet's paws on multiple occassions, and yet they do nothing about it. Shame on PetSmart, which should be renamed PetCruel.
Continues to be my favorite Sportsbook.  Staff is friendly, professional and very knowledgeable.  Plus I seem to have better luck here than anywhere else.  This trip...5 bets...5 wins!  That has to mean 5 Stars!
Disgusting!!! There is too much breading on their \"crispy\" teriyaki chicken. And I think the chicken is on steroids because there's no way it can be this big. I can feel stomach cramps arising. Ugh
Stopped in for breakfast today and I had the Hawaiian French Toast. Delicious.  My man had the roast pork mini plate and it was very good as well.  Poke Express opened at 9AM and we finished our meal with some great ahi poke.
Great food, awesome taste and great customer service! So happy there right around the corner and quick.
BEST food and service... awesome place to grab the BEST salmon and absolutey best service EVER!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND this place.
I really enjoyed this place.  Great variety of memorabilia.  Have some fun and try the trays of soda from around the world.  You will find some great tasting drinks....... And some not so great tasting drinks.
Wifi pass is the phone number.\n7044889431\n\nLighter than Mimi's Cafe and way more specialized. Expect to pay the same amount but food is good.
I love this place and the people working here! Linda is my girl! Does me right everytime!
Nice church!
I usually get my glasses here and prescription sun glasses. They are a bit pricey but the one at the Meadows Mall seems to have the styles I prefer compared to the rest. Service is great!!
I LOVE this place!  Fantastic service & even better food.  If you love sushi, give Mikado a go! \n\nP.S.  Tell Sue hi!
I like this shop better than the others on Rose St as the staff seem more genuine. Helpful advice and as is always the case with outdoors shops bags of chat about where to use your kit too! Maybe not the cheapest but buying boots for example to go hillwalking in, is not something to tread lightly with....
Amazing space! They have anything you need at your finger tips. Friendly staff and awesome trainers. I love it because it is not pack and you can feel comfortable at all times!
I love this restaurant- casual elegant, and everything on the menu is fantastic!  We bring friends here when they're in town and always remind them to save room for dessert.  The service is always great too- love this place and highly recommend it!
The food sucks. Everything has a sickly sweet taste, mostly due to the cheap BBQ sauce they use. The ribs were mostly bone and gristle, hardly enough to feed a starving dog.
So good! Food is always fresh, good portions and service is always fast. Best part is, breakfast is served all day!!\n\nAnd if you enjoy a good Bloody Mary from time to time, this place really knows how to serve them up. Ask for the house Bloody Mary with their famous crispy bacon! Amazing!!
Sehr freundlicher Besitzer. Kleines aber sehr sch\u00f6n eingerichtetes Restaurant. Entspannende Musik.  Leckeres essen.
Client depui plus de 25 ans.stable.l'absence de sourire est largement compens\u00e9 par la comp\u00e9tence ,le choix,la qualit\u00e9 de la marchandise.merci et longue vie.
I used to frequent the Long Wong's on Mill back in the day.   Best wings in the Valley.  This Long Wong's lives up to my memories.  If only they would upgrade the swamp cooler in the back, this place might be worthy of 5 stars.
Best chocolate cream pie I've ever had! Really yummy burgers and fries, great service, and PIEEEE
This place is truly authentic Korean food. It's even better than the ones in Korea town LA. Their jjaeyook bokeum (stir fried pork with kimchi in a spicy sauce) is the best I've ever had. All their side dishes were good too.
Meh pretty good
So bland and basically terrible food. I'm Italian and I can't believe they dare call this Italian food. There's no garlic in anything and they only used dry herbs! \n\nDon't you dare go here if you've ever been to a good Italian place, you will be very disappointed.
I like that show. Beautiful. Good music. Good price. Funny.  We ordered tickets online with special offer
great rotisserie chicken and an amazing Genaro's Tray for 2, 4 could it off it.  Lot of Peruvian national dishes.  Staff English is poor.  Prices are OK.
i love the beautiful decor~~\nif you want to have a nice chit-chat with a friends, perfect spot!\n-drinks hit the spot!\n-very chill and relaxing\n-very close to marquee
Rea, thank you for the great service, recommendations and conversation. I loved the banana muffin.
We came to downtown tat after reading reviews here on yelp & couldn't be MORE happy! Joey opened the shop up early for us,(it was super hot out)... Buddy was our artist-- he did a GREAT job, super professional! Thanks for making our 7yr anniversary more memorable!!
This place is my new favorite spot when I am in Vegas. For 30.00, I got an awesome full body massage.
We just love this place- the food is excellent!  Service is the best!
This store is awesome. Everything here sparkles, from cell phone cases to purses to lingerie. I always stop here when I am in Las Vegas. The staff is very kind and not overly pushy about their merchandise.
Exquisite place! Bring you golf clubs!
Went there last night for the 10th time.  Great beer, great scenery, and OK food.  The waitresses are usually pretty attractive and their attire appealing to the fellas.  But the best features are the bar layout and great TVs/screens.  Best sports bar I've been to in a long time!
Very good movers.  Great customer service and hard workers.  It was a low stress move thanks to their professionalism.  They provided all the equipment and took care of things other lesser places try to charge extra for.
Yummy Asian Fusion. Delicious Cocktails. Cool Ambiance.
I got my phone fixed here today. I did some shopping around and these guys undercut all the other shops by $75 and at least 3 days. I dropped of my phone and picked it up the same afternoon. I hope I never need them again, but I'd definitely return if I had to
I'm from Los Angeles where there's a large selection of sushi places. This place is really only 4 stars. Great customer service though!!
Lots of menu items to choose from. Got shrimp pad Thai and California crunch roll, both good. Always had friendly service, though the place gets busy and parking is rough. Japanese Italian cuisine, there's something for everyone. Love their bread.
Chipotle is the greatest food on earth.
If you like cockroaches this one's for you.  1/2 way thru meal found one crawling on wall. Pass on this one. Waiter did not even care.
Service makes the difference .... It's always a fun \"hang out\" with servers that make you feel like friends .... Denise, Liz, Jillian, and Sara are the biggest reasons why we return time after time and week after week!!
There are a lot of extra fees for everything, show tickets had extra fees, spirit airlines was over the top. Carry on baggage fees. Thy did disclose the daily hotel tax.  Las Vegas is fun place to go, but it's time to check out alternatives.
Wonderful little bistro in the most unlikely setting, downtown Scottsdale.  Love the marrow salad and the poached pear dessert, and almost anything else they serve.
I love this guy!!! I come every Sat. morn , tell him the ingredients I want for the day and I come back from shopping with a great lunch waiting for me. I am never disappointed.
Great food, big portions. Amazing atmosphere, a great place to bring a date. Highly recommended.
Just like Cheesecake factory. Amazing food. I enjoyed their Chicken Lettuce Wraps here. Super light and filling.
Good variety of fresh, healthy, and organic food.  Friendly people and excellent taste.  It is nice to go to a place where the food is different and good while the staff likes working there.
Place is good for fast food, Clean inside. Friendly staff
OMG this is seriously my favorite place to eat on mill. I love that you can get a super tasty burrito quickly and hang out and have a drink at the bar. And they are really cheap. I would highly recommend the pork. It's shredded and has a nice kick to it.
Ok food, good service. Wasn't bad just didn't stand out, I prefer lots of flavor on my Mexican food, and I thought most of what I ordered was more towards the bland side. The wife loved it though.
Excellent appetizers (gnocchi a real standout) and the steak was incredible. Wine list first rate for good domestic choices and vast internationals also. \n\nOnly real letdown was the hours in summer, how can a restaurant inside a hotel close down Monday thru Thursday?
Food was absolutely horrible. My wife and I went there thinking it would be good, we were wrong. I ordered a chimichanga but did not receive that. They had to remake the food. When I received it the taste was bland and had no flavor. I will not return there.
Great Mediterranean food with quality ingredients. Quick service and nice ambiance. You can find just about anything on their menu to fit your taste!
Best Buffet in Sin City hands down!\n\nLove the Brazillian BBQ!, good sea food(for a buffet), good salad, good deserts!
I had the tiramisu and I usually get frapps or smoothies\n\nLove the vibe except the drinks can get too sweet.
The sushi is OK - I have had better.  The waitresses, hostess and patrons are hot.  The manager must hire based on looks and that's not any indictment on the service.\n\nWe had some roles which were delish.  I think the Biltmore location is better than the one in Scottsdale at the Quarter.
K: I like the chicken. It's good.yep \n\nR: I like trains and potatoes. The burgers here are kool. Yep
Mandarin Bar..... what a view!!! bartenders are nice. cocktails are awesome!!! You gotta try there jalape\u00f1o cocktail really good specially summer time!
Worst company to do business with.  One person tells you one thing and then another tells you something else.  Rude, uncooperative, lack of customer service, a real waste of time.  And don't ever get caught up in a bundle with them.  I gave one star because Yelp wouldn't let me give zero.
Interesting place.  Worst service in Scottsdale.  Prices are ridiculous - $25.00 per glass of unknown cabernet.  Better to go to Fifth and Wine.  Rip-offs.
I don't know what they did but my steering wheel was straight (12 o'clock position) while driving down the road before getting my car washed and it now is off to the right (1 o'clock) \nI'm not happy and I'm going to guess that Danny's won't do a thing for me.
The tamales here are the best! I love the green chile chicken ones and usually have to get at least one every week. They are so good my boyfriend in Washington is having me send some up.
I like that they added on! This is a fun place for the kids and its nice that it is in the mall.
The food here is spectacular, and the ambiance is great.  Servers are always friendly.
Tartare, sardines, gnocchi and pork chop along with craft cocktails and great service from KC... This place is great!  I will return and bring friends and family.
I wish I had not hire them. The way they cut my grapefruit tree allowed the sun to kill it. Now I have a dead tree. Not worth the money.
This is our go-to place. The sushi is always amazing. They also have really great chinese-style stir fries that are great for people who aren't fans of sushi. The staff is great, and it's a cozy place. Always busy so give yourself extra time in case there's a wait.
The only thing that kept it from being a 2 star rating was the food. The service was awful, all the wait staff did was complain about the hostess putting people in their areas.
We went there for lunch buffet and the food was very disappointing. Even their lassi bar was not good. Will never go back to this place again.
Soda is ALWAYS flat here, if I'm going to pay for soda i'd like it to be decent... Table was dirty as well
Had a nice brunch on the patio.  Decor, servers and food were all spot on.  Menu had a good selection and food was very tasty.
I cannot recommend Las Vegas Custom Cakes enough!
Cute setting, good service.  Salad bar was ok.  The beef vegtable soup was delicious & I think homemade.  Philly Steak sandwich was tender and delicious.  The country fried steak was tender and the best I've ever had.  Conversely their prime rib is the worst anyone in our family has ever had.
My second favorite cirque show.  The theater is surrounded by the audience on all sides so each area gets a different view/experience.  The music is awesome.  My favorite part was when there was a solo artist dancing to \"Something\".  Very  moving.  VERY creative!!!
Yummy tikka masala! it was my fav dish offered. the buffet had a ton of delicious items. the service was also really great! I would go back in a heart beat!
Good food and great service, but couldn't give it a 5 stars because they don't serve lamb. Not sure what they put in the rice, didn't know rice could taste that good.
The foie gras ravioli and the truffle polenta nom nom nom!!!
I have been going here since I was a little kid. The food had always been consistent and delicious. Even if I haven't been there in a while, the waitress always recognizes me and knows my order. BEST WONTON SOUP EVER!
WOW!!!! A friend recommended this place and I was a bit sceptical but I am REALLY happy my wife and I came here. The food was amazing and the portions were huge. I had the Fried Chicken and it was delicious! I need more time to work through this menu.
This is not a BBQ joint.  The hotlink sandwich tasted like a Bar S hotdog w/peppers.   The brisket I know had to be a day old & I am not talking about yesterday.   Don't waste your time.  I spent $15 for food that I just threw away.
This place is not good. If you're Asian you will not like this place and think this place is very Western. The owners clearly cater to the White clientele of the area. Nothing here is authentic. For example I was served Pringles with my salt and pepper calamari. \n\nI wouldn't recommend this place.
no other place like it.\n\n\nleave your girlfriends/wives at home.
Good, cheap, fast, friendly. Best fresh chips and salsa.
Although I have no Polish heritage, I have enjoyed Polish cuisine over the years. The perogis and stuffed cabbage were excellent. The kielbasa was tasty and cooked to perfection. It's crowded so you might have to get a meal to take away.
Veryy in style. Love it here. Lil pricey on the drinks. But first fridays ate alwyas poppping
Really friendly folks serving up good breakfast grub and great coffee.
Great food, great service. Culver's rocks!
The beer is really good and the staff is even better.\nFlights of beer.\nHave them show you the infused in the cooler.
Great dry cleaners!! My clothes are always well done.
Best docs ever!  Doc K is a leading expert in Pain Management and is fantastic!  Doc Jarrett makes my back feel like a million bucks!!  Doc K's schedule gets full pretty quick so make sure you get on the books for an appointment.  Unfortunately his day doesn't have much \"wiggle room\".
I love this place! All you can drink bud light!!  It  .  Is all u can eat and its yummy! The chefs are also very friendly and funny
Look, BEST freaking Chinese food Ever. Ever, ever ever, ya dig? I thought China Chilli was the poo, but this place is the truth. I loved it, my date loved it... she wanted food off of my plate, but as you know... \"Joey doesn't share food\"
Been going here for years. A great place!
Great (and unique) furniture at prices that are comparable to the junk you can buy at Target. Highly recommend!
Tried to make an appointment with a female doctor for my wife. Was told that as she had seen a doctor there before (over 5 years ago)  their policy was she had to see the same doctor.  Not good customer service.
Cindy and her staff are awesome! They are detailed, receptive to my wishes. They always have my dog leaving smelling, and looking her best!
Store is always clean, sometimes there's free food samples, check-out line goes fast, prices are reasonable for the quality merchandise, good prepared meals/food options.
Really good wine selection and by far the best place in Madison to go for that rare, extra special bottle.  I always enjoy browsing upstairs
No additional comments.
mmy husband and son had fantastic time here.  It brought back memories of so many fun moments for my husband.  This place is great for a few hous away from the stip. All the income goes to charity. We will be back.
Great time with the kids
Absolutely delicious! We plan on returning very soon. \n\nTIP: although attire preferred is dressy, you can keep it casual in VEGAS :)
Pretty sure this place is CLOSED FOR BUSINESS. I've not seen it open in quite some time.
Frittelle di Prosciuttio, delicious. Bucatini all'Amatriciana, delicious!
Worst show ever! Was a waste of a night went sept 19 planning a nice night out with my bf before he left town and this ruined it. Goss was 45 min late and so arrogant. We walked out 15 min in to the show. Waste of money!!
Horrible breakfast service.  We didn't get served any drinks until our meal ended and our waiter moved us in the middle of our meal.  The coffee tasted like instant and orange juice seemed a little sour.
db's used to be my favorite spot in town after my last experience I will never do business with them again. they scammed me on there special showed my local id charged me full price the bartender was rude told my gratuity is not included. hope y'all go out of business fuckers
My favorite bar. I moved away and it closed.\nSad
Koby came to rekey my house.  He was very professional and worked quickly. He also came out right away after I initially contacted him.  I will definitely use them again!
Bought a ton of stuff for my grand daughter but the forgot to take of the security tags.... When I noticed I brought my stuff back with receipt and they treated me like a criminal.  I usually get good service but today was bad.  Not everyone steals.
Just had lunch and the chopped salad with salmon was excellent. Their bread is to die for. D they have a large section of fresh bakd breads and other treats.  My friend had a sandwich and she raved as we'll.  pricing was good.
My girlfriend was in Arizona for a business trip and she brought back a plate of the ginger chicken, jerk fried rice, and the cuban black beans. Let's just say I licked the tin plate clean. I will do well to visit this place the next time I visit Arizona. Must try! 5/5 Stars.
I give this dump 0 stars.  The manager at the front desk was beyond rude and I will never stay here again.  How someone in the \"hospitality\" industry can be that nasty to guests is beyond me.  We were treated like criminals upon check in and witnessed others being treated with more respect.
This place is fantastic! I loved the Chicken Tiki Masala, the tandoori chicken is amazing! The service was great even when we came in close to closing time!! They gave us great food and it tasted great!!
5$ cover charge and 10$ dances. Considering low entry fees, def. in the top 3 in Montreal. Classy atmosphere with friendly staff. Girls are more educated and open to casual discussion. It is no contact but in my opinion, that's what makes it a classier gentleman's club.
Just had my hot water heater replaced by Aspen Plumbing.  Scott the owner did a great job.  Very personal and was honest.  Would recommend him to anyone.
The rooms in this hotel are awesome.  I love the wall to wall floor to ceiling window.  The TV in the bathroom makes the shower so much better.  My favorite part is the curtains open and close at the push of a button that is conveniently located right by the bed.
A little pricey for the serving size, that said.. The most amazing gnocchi I have ever had!!!! And I choose gnocchi every time I can and this is by far the best I have ever had. Be ready to spend $30\nPer person or more but def. try it!
Seriously the best Starbucks in town the people here are great you're drink always comes out perfectly the other great thing is that they remember you and so you don't have to repeat your drink every single day which is such a plus. Thanks for always making me smile through the drive thru you guys are the best
The cameras posted were literally no help in this case. Upon review, the footage was not clear enough to make out who was at fault. \n\nGood thing we have full coverage insurance. I would recommend you do too if you use this car wash, or others like it.
Great service and awesome food!! Was a little skeptical on the interior because it kind of looks like an Italian restaurant but the food is home cooked country style. Yelp never let's me down!
1 week after being charged the $25 no refund.  We called back today and a \"manager\" will need to call us back.  If that manager doesn't call back today and handle it then we'll have to file a fraudulent charge with our bank against the bar.
What's with the good ratings?  Vanilla flavor was the worse I've ever had.   Brownies were hard and crunchy?!  Yes, crunchy, and stale, as if it were out and a week old.  Yuck!  Never going back even if it was free.
This place has a California Pizza Kitchen and gets people in and out VERY quickly. It's not a place I would want to overnight but it does have a WiFi so I'm all for it. Never had an issue.
Great place that takes quick service and gives it a nice healthy twist. It can be very difficult to find a healthy meal and quick service. This place has a great menu especially if you consider yourself somewhat health conscious. My only complaint is that I wish they had more locations!
We have been in Vegas for a week. Breakfast here at Mr. Mamas was the best. Food was hot and service was quick and very polite.  We ate here twice during our stay and both times the food was superb. Great place!!!
Hard to imagine worse service. Our server failed to enter our beer order and it took 40 minutes to be served - 10 after we reminded her. The other couple with us hadn't received their dinner 30 minutes after we were served - looks like she forgot to enter that one too.
I used to go there was good food and the price was reasonable but now the food is sort of fairy and the price is skyrocket. Not worth going there.
The a/c really wasn't working, they sold out on the ramen burger during Sunday lunch, and the ramen wasn't all that great...
Fun place for a date or to hang with friends! Restaurants, dessert places, bars, and lots of nice places to take pictures. It's better to come here when it's not freezing cold outside though hahahaha.  Definitely recommend this place.
The Sushi Freak is amazing..  Everyone treated me like GOLD from my very first visit, and since then they treat me like family..  The food is amazing and the service is impeccable! It's my absolutely favorite Sushi place in Vegas!
We did take out dinner today for the first time from this place.  We had previously been to a couple of other Chinese food places and had been disappointed.  The food was really nice.  The heart and sour soup is the bestwe have ever had.  The rest of the food was above average
Carne asada meat was dog food quality--simultaneously fatty and tough.  The woman who took my order had trouble communicating in English.  And they have a no substitutions policy, so you're stuck paying $2 more for an equivalent burrito or eating their nasty pico de gallo.
Damn did this hit the spot in the hot Vegas weather! Basically a thick style of ice cream shake that is eaten with a spoon instead of a straw. Many flavors to choose from and you can mix and match different flavors and toppings to create your own concoction. Great way to cool off!
I ordered a Chicken Gyro. The chicken was flavorless and extremely dry. The bread was a dry tortilla and not a fresh pita. Won't be back at all. I don't know how they stay opened.
The worst BBQ ever seen. Servers are fine but the best rice is really really extremely expensive. Specialty the Beef Stew. Don't ever come here.
Found MountainSide on Yelp.  Service was awesome and hats off to the chef who prepared one of the best breakfast burritos we have ever eaten!  So big we should have ordered only one as we ended up taking half of each burrito with us!  Amazing!  Coffee was delicious!  We will be back. Yum!
Excellent sushi, nice employees and fast delivery!  Great place!
i will admit i liked it here. \n\njust like every club in vegas, of course it will be packed. they have a lot of seating areas and each section has its own pole! more for everyone [girls]!
I felt $20 was way too much for a hand wash to begin with. The guy said he would also armor all the tires and vacuum the car which they did not. Also when I left and got home there was still gunk stuck to the car. They did a horrible job and I will never go back.
Location is just perfect! The food are great and inexpensive. They have fast and friendly service from the moment you walk in til you leave you're greeted with a smile. \nOverall I highly recommend this place for everyone.
Hands down, the best late night cafe to eat at in the Downtown Las Vegas area! In fact, I would drive there to the Market Street Cafe if I were looking for a late night meal in Las Vegas! The oxtail soup is very tasty and delicious!
I like going here for that special treat for my family and I. It's convenient, nice selection, average priced. Not awesome nor horrible. If you are in the neighborhood and want Gelato, go here.
What can you say? Just an all around cool Vegas hotel!
Horrible Auto Service!!!! Second time I have been on hold with the department for over 15min.... I had to call from another phone to make sure someone was getting to me and no one was, finally talked to someone and have been on hold another 25min. for a manager... not even one star rating
OXTAIL SOUP, 4 in the morning, in your drunken or sober state. That is all.\n\n\n\nDo not bother yourself with anything else if it's your first time. If you must, then any of their late night specials will do like the steak/potatoes/green beans, etc.
Great fresh food! Give yourself time for lunch hour, as it is fresh so it takes a little bit longer but not bad! Not bland! Great service!
Had their currys in bulk on Saturday for a party and EVERYONE loved it!  Can't wait to go to the restaurant!
Very good service and prime rib.
I'm a regular here. Love to order the fit mushroom omelette and steal a pancake or two from the hubby. The strawberry syrup is a favorite and I loveeee to eat my pancakes slowly while enjoying a nice cup of coffee.
If you are looking for authentic Chinese food, this isn't the place.  If you are looking for well made food with generous portions, you have come to the right place!
Great food. You must come here really hungry. Huge servings. Great atmosphere......
Best atmosphere in downtown. Killer pregame spot and an even better place to share a few drinks by the pool during the summer months. Hotel Palomar is pretty awesome all around but this is my favorite spot.
This place has taken my Mitsubishi Montero over 200,000 miles and will take it another 200,000. It's not easy to find good, reliable and trustworthy auto mechanics and when you do, hang onto them.  This is one of those places.
Salmon Belly and Blue Fin Tuna Nigiri..... yes please!  50 pieces? Wow!
Great food! My boyfriend and I come here with some regularity. When ever we are feeling a little under the weather we stop in for some good Pho. =)
Vegas' best kept secret! Pan roast amazing!! Great clam steamers. And in the evenings they have the best crabcakes too! Don't miss out on this place.
Good park, too bad the city has messed up the traffic control so bad. Stay away unless you have an extra hour to sit on line for parking.
Not only does Central Groomers do a great job, but they really care about the animals AND their people.  Groomed my dog and cut nails for the other 2.  \nGreat job.  Great service.  Great rates.  Thank you for all you do as Groomers and the Rescue organization you support!
xxxx
I love shopping at this store. The meat selection is absolutely amazing. The customer service is out of this world. You have to check it out for yourselves!
This is my favorite buffet on the strip! They have a great selection, great service, and price is comparable to other buffets.
Awesome staff :)
Been several times, and each time the food has been on point.  In my opinion, it's the most authentic Mexican food in the area.  Salsa is fresh and the guac is smooth and nutty.  Being from California, we know good Mexican food, and Patron ranks up there with some of our SoCal favorites.
This is amazing food! Everything is obviously fresh! The taste is going to blow your mind!\n\nBecause its vegan you can eat a lot and you don't feel heavy afterwards .
I have lived here for a year the management is incapable of fixing the smallest issues. The level of renter has gone down hill. If you want gang members, strippers and gypsies this is the place. Security when ever you have a issue will inform you to cal the police they are just there to observe and report?!
Out in Pittsburgh visiting friends and I wanted to sample the local Thai food.  This place was great.  Friendly, fast service and the food was phenomenal.  Thai Me Up made feel like I was back at The Red Chair restaurant in Phuket.  If your in Pittsburgh on the South Side and feel like Thai give it a shot.
Great BBQ and great service.  Just the atmosphere I expect from an authentic BBQ joint.  Not fancy but good food at a good price!  Half price appetizers were a nice surprise.
Great evening as always.  Amazing food and a great bar team. Thanks Jeffrey and Scottie for a fun night, hope to visit again soon!
Got charged $9.99 for a Super Nachos, with tax $10.57. Ya, there was a lot of food in the box, but you know what, i'm not going to pay you sit down restaurant prices for a fast food drive thru experience, it's just not gonna happen.
What a dump.  One star for scenery but thats it.  Drunken morons, stoners, fights, and police.  I also think that \"Girls with Low self-esteem\" was filming there.  Nasty people.  Find something else to do.
This place as accommodated big parties and small get togethers with friends. The food is cheap but tastes great. Service has been very good
Cool place. Were not sure they were open from outside but they are. Nice ppl. Great fresh scones baked on site.
Have used three different stylists here and each one gave me a perfect haircut.  I'm moving to another town and will still come back to get my hair cut here.
This store is a high retail store with discount pricing.  You will find things they sell at Macy's or Nordstrom's for almost half the price.  Every Tuesday morning they receive a new shipment, hence the name!  I would recommend checking this place out... Great for gifting, or for things you need around the house.
Great place. Very friendly and would go again. We were a group of 5 and had lots of fun. No complaints!
I reviewed this once and yelp removed it because, they said, it didn't include a first hand experience.  so, here's my review with a first-hand experience.  I went there...and it was a filthy dump.
Really tasty, a little bit pricey, great heat to the food. It was a pleasant surprise to find in Wisconsin for sure.
Over 6 calls to Walker last night. Disconnected each time. Either intentionally or mechanical doesn't matter. When calling back receptions should have stayed on line if Walker really wants to correct this and got a person on phone with me. Continued stalls tactics by the dishonest Walker company..
Quick and friendly service. Shakes tasted great and is such a great value. I would definately come back here and bring my family. Very reasonable, the prices are so affordable.
Beautiful salad bar but this location has NO MEAT.....great for vegetarians but if I'm eating a salad for a meal then give me some protein.....PLEASE....first and last time here!!
Probably the only authentic Mexican place I will visit often in downtown Phoenix! Try the tostadas de puerco!
One of the better bars on campus. Great food during the day, good drink specials. More casual than some of the other Green St. bars.
Very TERRIBLE Restaurant. Very bad service and food. The young women did not shows friendly. And they did not turns the AC on during the summer afternoon!!!!!!!!!!!!!Never come here again.
Spirit Airlines is the worst!  Hidden baggage fees, such as having to pay $50 for a carry-on.  This airline is poorly run and will nickel and dime you to death.
I had an Alaskan and it was just phenomenal  taste , and great service.  I highly recommend this place ...
Excellent deli sandwich shop near Central Library. Lots of fillings and a variety of rolls to put them in. Reasonably priced and very friendly. And they do rolls n' sausage in the morning too! Lifesaver!
I think Sugar Factory target customers are people who smoke cracks. I don't care if my lollipops are design by celebrities. I do care about how much I'm going to pay for it. $25 for celebrities lollipop and $22 for standard lollipop = insanity. It's not going to happen.
Just wanted everyone to know that if you were a fan of Jake's, we are happy to announce that is reopening as Rocka Bills. New owners, same great fresh food. With maybe a few new twists. Can't wait to y'all.
Great Pho and BYOB. Can't beat that.
This Bevmo seems  a little smaller than some of the others, but they still manage to have a decent selection of craft beers.  I like that they have a growler station that has a good variety of brews.  Growler fills are quite affordable as well.
The shrimp and cheese dip appetizer is OUT OF THIS WORLD delicious. As were the Patron margaritas :)
I love this place. \nFree improv workshops and then a show every Sunday. Beginners and seasoned performers are welcome.\nLots of other performers put on all kinds of shows there - usually comedy based but not always. The vibe is simply awesome!!
Basically have to come here for flooring from our builder, this place acts like since we have no option they can treat us like we're not the customer. No stars as this place really needs to train their employees better and not worry about texting or Facebook it's sad they deserve no stars
I don't mind paying for overpriced if there's some value or taste.  This place is a chain and you get chain quality.  Will not repeat.
It's very disappointing how you are taking advantage of the nye guest by raising your prices today!! Seriously...\nFalse advertisement when you have a displayed menu with listed prices and then you hand the outrageously priced menu for the day!!
Had the lunch buffet for 14.95. All the basics included. As good as any Indian buffet I've had, and I like to think I've sampled some good ones. Certainly won't find a better deal on the strip for this quality.
This place has delicious burgers!! I hadthe low carb specialty burger and was extremely satisfied!  So juicy and flavorful, he really hit the target here.  The prices were reasonable for Vegas, and I would definitely return!
I couldn't wait to get in there for a cheesesteak but when I did all I smelled was smoke.  I assumed it was the nearby bar but my disbelief it was the people in the kitchen making my sandwich.  When I left I confronted them and the manager just looked at me and said Naaahhhh and walked away
The Cornish Pasty Company has great food.  The only thing is to get there early because when the place gets busy the service becomes slow.  The decor is nice and dark which is nice to get out of the sun now and then.  I had the Lamb with mint pasty and also the salmon pasty, both tasted awesome!
Great soon dubu! The best in vegas. Service can be a little slow but the food is great. I especially like the pork or beef soondubu. My go to spot
Went here with my family and the food was awful! Couldn't even finish our burgers. The French fries were the only thing that was edible. Not to mention we didn't have good service. Took 20 min to get our drink refills. I will never go to Johnny rockets again.
These people are the friendliess people ever. There is usually enough people in the store where at least 2 people or more ask if you need help. They know so much and one cashier even knows our company name and enters it before we get to the register. Way to go customer service!!!!!
This is the newest location to the area after the Alma School location closed. The store is still clean and smells new(ish). The parking lot is big. They have a pharmacy and grocery as well. I love Target, I just don't like their prices.
I can't say enough about the service here. We had an issue the manager came right out apologized and gave us a free meal.. I will be back..
love this place.  great intimate atmosphere, close to i10, great selection of beer and cocktails.  very cool decore and friendly staff.
Luv me some AYCE sushi!
Horrible dirty place. Unpleasant employees , high prices. Will never ever ever go back! Do yourself a favor don't go
Don't be deceived!  The food is from Costco, that oven isn't baking anything!!  Just bought the Halloween cookies yesterday myself from Costco and saw the apple bars and cinnamon rolls right next to them!  Why??? I just don't get this place!!!
SInce my last review I have been back to this shop with my new car and my husbands car. Again, we have received the most excellent customer service and maintenance on our cars. I know going here as a female that I will not be over sold or ripped off. That makes me feel so much better!
Good place to go if you're looking for Filipino food.  All the dishes that I ordered tasted like the ones from home or at Filipino parties.  Safe place to try if you want to try something different than chow king, jollibees, or goldilocks!
I love this nail salon!  Heidi is the best...she is very meticulous and thorough.  The place is very cute inside and clean.  I highly recommend this place if you want a great gel manicure!
Take-out works just as well as eating in!  I ordered my usual Fajita Salad w/ steak and it was delicious.\n\nThey send you home with plenty of chips and salsa, so you don't miss out on the freebies!
Mostly coming in to arrive into town, but rarely come back to leave!
Today I had the most amazing pizza ever! I am allergic to the red sauce and so I asked for a white pizza thin crust instead. It was so delicious and fresh.\nDefinitely recommend this location and definitely will come back. Superior customs service too!
Best fruit salad!! Love the touch of coconut on top!  I got the honey on the side, I wasn't sure how much I'd like that... The chop salad was delicious as well, lots of chicken!
This location is horrible. They would not honor their Diamondbacks special. I have not been to Taco Bell for over a year because of my bad experience, guess this place hasn't changed! Give Del Taco over on Ray & Dobson your business instead of this place!
I really love the BBQ Ham, and the hot links.  Tasty stuff, no frills, just good food.
There were a few mistakes but they were able to take care of it so I was ok with their solution thankx again
Horrible experience.  The cashiers looked like they were miserable, which made me miserable.  When we told them that we ordered an iced coffee rather than a hot one, she just dumped the drink in the trash and proceeded to make a new one without saying a word.  HORRIBLE!
I'm revising this based on the excellent response from the management.  I am out of town and won't be able to try again in the near term.  Based however on their heartfelt and honest response I am upgrading my comments.  I look forward to someday trying them again!
The food and service was horrible!  I waited over 30 minutes for hot wings and they were cold by the time I got them.  The waitress did not even apologize for the mess up. The beers are pricey.  It code $9 for a beer on tap.
Onion pancakes rolls...  Trust me....
no please avoid.\nfire alarms going off all night long.\nloud party in common area.\nlong lines for food.\nscreaming children everywhere.\nover-crowded ... avoid!!
So the place is full of hipsters dressed better than you...the food is worth it. Everything tasted fresh and balanced...nothing too salty, bland or over sauced. We had the salmon and skirt steak...both were divine. Make sure you try an almond margarita!
Excellent for lunch.don't expect expensive atmosphere, just good n light kebab.
if you don't eat here at least once in your life you haven't really lived a fulfilling life .. from the smile and the service the food is just to die for .. ONE NOTICE don't use the wash room !
Checked out Timo's for the first time yesterday. Fell in love with the Brie soup and salmon small plate. My only complaint is that they are so far! ;)
I would like to update my review as I spoke with the owner when I picked up Togo for myself and my wife. I noted how clean the visible cooking area was and he showed me the recent A rating from the health dept. Very impressive!
Airports are like prisons. You ever been to jail? If you've gone through TSA, you know what jail is like.
Really upset\nThey would not honor my coupon-- come on we all use them. Don't you want my business??never again
Crema is great! This is our favorite neighborhood place for breakfast. The ingredients are fresh and high quality. It costs a little bit more than your typical greasy spoon, but the taste and quality make up for it.
My friend at work went and got lunch for us today and I had the deco with turkey instead - holy goodness it was delightful! And I got a cookie in my bag! Made the whole meal better. Would recommend this place and def going back.  Keep making good food guys, you are doing a great job!
Timely and professional service. We will use them again.
I got double booked for Christina.  I have never had this happen to me in 4 decades of going to salons.  It's bad business practice and doesn't say much as far as respect for the client.  My time is valuable, I adjusted my schedule to get there for my appointment timely.
Loose the annoying, driver distracting sign spinner at the freeway!!!  He's going to get someone KILLED!!!  I will never eat here BECAUSE of him!
Bruschetta...Wine\nThe options to choose for your bruschetta are terrific!  And they are the best in town!  The wine selections are terrific!  Great service and very reasonable prices.  What is not to like.\nDick
For a good, home cooked meal this is the place. The restaurant is clean, the waitstaff are friendly and attentive (our server Meya was awesome), and the food was hot. For a good meal at affordable prices, this is one of our favorite picks. The pies are incredible as well.
Good food & great atmosphere, prices not bad for what you get. Met friends there and all of our meals were great and they serve breakfast all day - what more can you ask for?  The waitress we had was great and she was right on top of all of our needs.  We'll be back.
Started coming here about 9 months ago. Went to a salon that destoyed my nails, Tonya was my nail life saver!!!! Ever since I have not gone anywhere else. The quality of nail products are amazing! All the technicians have creative ideas for nail art and are very friendly!  Thank you Ms.Tonya!!
Cozy indeed--friendly service and a good hot breakfast on sat am. I had pancakes and eggs and my husband enjoyed his hashbrowns. Omelette had lots of meat, which he loved! Good vibe here for sure.
Maybe the custard is good, but this is the slowest place I have ever been in my entire life.  Honestly.....awful!!!!
I've mostly gone here to buy everyday home stuff and they have fairly good deals. Everything seems well organized and easy to find. I like Ross!
Best pho I've ever had. Egg rolls were amazing too. Home made lemonade and coffee. Staff is extremely friendly. Great place to bring kids for dinner
100 min per person PER game for college football...please.  I don't care how big the screens are - $800 for a party of 4 to watch a couple games is just stupid.
it's a secret.  it's pizza.  it's right outside the club!
So this is probably one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley.  The staff are awesome, you get monstrous portions of food, and really there is no reason not to like this place.  The bakery sells some absolutely great items.  It is your friendly, neighborhood Tolteca.
The girls here are great, and fun to talk to if you're not creepy or hitting on them!!!  Love the wings, I come with friends every now and then and have a great time.
Great place to grab a quick bite during lunch. I had the Matt Cain on Dutch crunch bread. It was delicious. The sandwich came out pretty quickly and everyone who worked there was nice. Overall, great experience and I will definitely be returning.
Great Service, Good food.
We were in here when the band was rehersing, not actually at night. The band sounded awesome! The food was great! Their chicken ceasar with cornbread croutons was slammin!  Appetizers are half off when the band is rehersing also. Definitely check it out. Fun place!
Stopped in on a Wednesday and just missed  happy hour but still has great deals. Ordered a cheese plate and some cured meats. Service was great, always is. Food was great always is. Perfect place for a drink when you're at town square.
Big Smoke at Mirage.  A+
I am not normally a huge fan of Denny's but, they gave me FREE BREAKFAST YESTERDAY!
The cleaners arrived on time, cleaned well and have earned my repeat business. They gave a lot of attention to detail, paced themselves, were professional and thorough. It was obvious they took a lot of pride in their work. The owner is personable, straightforward and knows her business. I look forward to their next service date.
Currently I've been waiting for my food for 35 minutes and it's dead. This will definitely be the last time I spend my money here. Take your business elsewhere. The food and service is crap.
Save your money guys. This pace is well kept and clean but... food not so much, way over priced for the poor food quality/quantity. Your better off finding a taco truck near by or heck just goto Denny's, you won't be as disappointed there.
doesn't matter i what i order, i'm always happy!!!!!!!\nsooo good!!!\ni live on the other side and i dont care the drive!!!!
Always fun!
Wow! We're new here and this bakery was a find. Great cup of Capucciono and the Lemon Bar was one of a kind: Shortbread crust, sweet and sour lemon filling with strussel sprinkled on top.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! I remember calling them the first time and asking them if they had Manicotti, and they said, \"are you kidding me?\".... YUMMY pizza, Friendly....your neighborhood Pizza joint!!!!
Went in on a HOT Arizona afternoon for some cold brewski and snacks. The air conditioning was borderlne cold!!   YAY!   Felt wonderful.  Really comfortable.  Great bartender and waitress.  We loved it!
Cute cafe that serves single origin, Nicaraguan Provisions coffee. Coffee drinks are hand-poured - a nice treat. One of the baristas was trained at Intelligentsia (Chicago). Coffee is reasonably priced. Square-enabled!
I had the banana cream pie, it was really good! This is such a cute little shop! Miss Anita and the people who work here are so nice and friendly. Definitely coming back for more!
Great staff and they never mess my hair up, perfect everytime, they so send out great coupons for an awesome cheap cut
Extremely poor service, below average steaks, but I guess no one notices or complains cause all the customers are drunk on the overpriced red wines. Hey, I guess thats vegas!
One of if not the best pho in Montreal (was highly recommended by a friend who lived there for 7 years). Did not disappoint - service was prompt, atmosphere was lively during lunchtime, food was authentic, and prices were reasonable.
We decided to drop in because it was really late and I'm so glad that we did. The food was amazing, the service was fantastic and did I mention the food was amazing! The shrimp is out of this world! To think an accidental walk in turned out to be one of the best Thai food places in town!
Our party had three different pizzas, all poor in quality - overdone and the toppings were sparse to say the least.  We had a VERY long wait for our food, even though it was a Monday and there were relatively few customers.  They need to rethink their kitchen and service.
They have the best pizza, we drive 50 miles to get this pizza. There wings are also great and you can't beat there beef on kummelweck it is so good. We have also had there subs and pasta dishes and all is great. So don't hesitate about going to eat here it is so worth it.
This place is great!  We recently moved to the Mesa area from Chicago.  We've been here several times and I've tried something new each time and everything has been fantastic!  And to top it off the service is always friendly and fast.
Had a really good beef and sausage combo dipped in aujus (gravy).  Make sure you ask for extra gravy.  I will be back!
Still amazing!  Lost 50+ pounds at this club.  Good staff, great facility.
Don't order a combo - it's a ripoff.  They advertise a small combo for $6.99 but then add everything up individually for a cost of $7.18.  The manager tried to say corporate changed the price and they didn't change it on the board yet but I doubt that's true.
Great pharm , super quick less than stated I love cvs  these guys have all the generics also
Nice~ It's so different with the other BRUNCH I had before. Should have a try.~
This is my barber shop of preference. Been going here for a year now, they do a good job and  are really friendly people. \n\nPaul does the best job with my hair.
This is my go-to Indian place in town, and for the sit down restaurant experience, it's definitely great.  I'd recommend it for the atmosphere, the prompt and reliable service, and oh my god everything from Chicken Korma to Lamb Saag has BEEN AMAZING.  So yes, go.  Now.
Seriously best tortas in town... I'm not just saying that either. The girls who run this place make some killer shredded pork &  cheeken. Worth driving down to the hood fasho.
The Grille is great for.a late night djnjng experience. Had the Philly steak and cheese with potato salad..Husband had buffaLo Wings with fries.  Well worth the price.. only recommendation is they keep it clean (e.g. tables wiped, floor swept, trash bins emptied)..
I went in recently and had a good experience. They had just done a remodel to cater to adults more. My waiter was prompt, courteous and never let my soda pop run out. That's always a good sign!
Great place to buy macarons and cakes. Very inexpensive. The owner/chef is really nice too.
The fountains were very cool the way they moved and waved all over.   It was nice to sit and watch something free in Vegas.   I really enjoyed.
If I could rate this place 0 I would....watch every bite of your food closely you may find a little creature in your food...and they will do nothing about it except take your food back and not refund you and tell you to get lost...RUDEST PEOPLE EVER!!
Terrible.  Very disappointed. We started with the Truffle Mac And cheese. It was overcooked.  The cheese plate had cheese I never heard of.  I had the American Clam Bake, again overcooked.  \n\nIt's a shame this group owns this space because something really cool could be at this location.
Great atmosphere, friendly welcoming service and most important the food it is delicious!!! I highly recommend it, specially if you are like me, from out of town. Great experience!!!
How these people keep up with the volume they're expected to handle is beyond me, but they do it. Tasty, fresh bagels, good sandwiches - what else could you want for a Sunday morning breakfast?
I Have Stayed Here Year After Year. Its Not Fancy, Its Not Pricey , But Its Clean Quiet And The Staff Is Friendly
Great lunch specials! The best green tea ever! Love this place. Always great fast service.
This taco bell is close t my home and we enjoy it! They've never gotten our order wrong. However they tend to close before they are supposed to but no overall issues.
For Me it's all about the \"Roast Duck Curry\" It is awesome. I love that this place is open way late. Its nice to come here after a late night partying lol.
Better than your average sports bar.  Love the pork sliders.  Come year a couple times a year with the DRPG dads.
Great selection, and VERY helpful staff.  Highly recommend!
Great products, great turn-around time, I have never had a bad experience with them!
Ok price.Old tv sets, poor cable channel selection.Hustlers for sex and loose change in the casino and parking lots. Seedy neighborhood. Casino smells of cigarette smoke. Dirty bar/lounge. Rude front desk staff.Homeless man took a bath in the hot tub one night.
Awesome customer service!  Very informative and great prices!  Would recommend to everyone!  They always take great care of my Mini Cooper!
The Spinach, Artichoke, Bacon Pizza has officially made it onto my favorite pizza list!\nThe sauce on the pizza was unbelievably tasty and flavorful. MUST TRY! I wish there was a Papa Murphy's in California, it would totally beat Papa Johns!
Not only the best Thai food anywhere, it's some of the best food you can get, anywhere, period.  The red curry with chicken is so good it should be illegal.
I love Chick-fil-A!!! Always great service and great food. Strawberry milkshake and one of\nthe NEW Grilled Chicken Club Sandwiches is the perfect meal.
This place sells nothing but clones (and that's fine)  but they try and pass of their clones for authentic. That's a major no no you people need to be shut down!
Consistent, high quality, wholesome food both at the restaurant and for catering.
I went there for lunch and the first thing I noticed was that the prices were a littler higher than most restaurants, however the service was very friendly and food was incredible. I got the grilled chicken sandwich and was not disappointed! I say defiantly go. The atmosphere is fun and has a laid back island feel.
Great atmosphere, friendly staff. Italian Guacamole - must try this appetizer!!
The corner knows how to throw a party! Amazing food! We're having the salad and flat bread! Fun atmosphere with a friendly staff! Large sinning room and close to all the action downtown Phoenix!
Service is great, resturant is very clean and food is tasty.  Red Velvet pancakes are to die for.  I will definitely come back.
Terrible.  They don't know how to prepare a steak.  It was cold and lifeless.  We asked for it charred medium rare.  Do not eat here.  Remember I warned you!
As a fellow aesthetician, D'Lisa of Salon D'Shayn is who I trust for my waxing.  She is consistent with her quick, painless treatments!
I have never had a bad meal here. The service is great, food is outstanding, and the kitchen makes food super fast. I order from the phone and go pick it up and it is done within 8-10 mins.
Great Food & AWSOME service! Will is an AWSOME server! We have come for several years & this year to the \"new\" Pink Pony, the ambiance has greatly improved with the same great food that brings us back again & again!  We highly recommend this restaurant & will be back again soon!
Awesome every time.  Just get in line and get a sammich.  Trust me..
The food was really good!  Great spice!  \n\nReally enjoyed the meal!
Amazing authentic Baja food. Brings me back to the beach. \nAwesome home made tortillas.The tortilla maker is upfront, so you can see them make and heat the tortillas.
Great quality restaurant.  Had the Sushi many times and its always good!  Big desserts to share!
Good food, especially the green bean casserole, Mac n cheese and BBQ! I love going there after work on Friday's with friends. Great atmosphere, great beer selection and good food. Perfect place for drinks with friends
Wolfman Puke!!\nSalad was spoiled to deterioration and waiter was overwhelmed. NEVER again!
Great food and beverages. Enjoyed the vibe and diversity of the customers. Artwork was a bonus. Had no idea this place existed. Loving the new downtown.
This is a great happy hour spot.  Big patio, well priced drinks and the pizza was really good.
Because the store is famous for its show, expect a wait outside the store to get in.  The wait may be like waiting to go on an amusement park ride.
$11 for more food than I could eat (eggs, corned beef hash, potatoes, toast), coffee, and fast and friendly service.  Bargain!!Definitely am old school place, but home made and lots of choices.
REALLY REALLY GOOD FOR AIRPORT FOOD. At the fish taco was. It was really hectic and a mess because of all the plane delays but thought the waitress handled it well. the waiter, not so much.
Really good coffee and good hot chocolate too.
I am so greatful for the wonderful employees at leslies.  My pool looks fantastic all thanks to them!
Worst customer service ever got there at closing time all ready had my boots picked out just had to pay for them... glad this happened tho I have a party of 14 in my wedding that needed boots Def won't be coming back
Had a great night at Nacho Daddy!  First time eating at this restaurant and it didn't disappoint.  I enjoyed the spicy shrimp nachos and a raspberry margarita.  Looking forward to trying their breakfast menu next!!
Was passing thru the hotel and felt a little parched. The prices were very reasonable and the service was outstanding. Younger crowd, but once you start to drink. It all blends.
First, it's free.  While it's not as big as my favorite museums, I like the place being spacious, clean and, again, free.  It's a great place to learn about Scotland.  But if history is not your thing, consider it as a great place to get a break from the crowd and from the winter cold.
Great fluff and fold! We've travelled for a few weeks and dropped off a duffle bag of laundry. The very enthusiastic and friendly manager told us it would be ready by 6 (we were there at approx 1-2), and it was finished and nicely packed back in our duffle when we picked it up! Great!
The most terrible service ever, all night long. Over and over we were disrespected! I've literally never been any where, where they were so rude. Go some where else! Don't come here!
Nice cozy place, great service. Food comes out fast and is consistently delicious. Would definitely recommend. My favorite is the bacon wrapped dates and the sangria by far.
I have been here many times for dinner and lunch...mainly when family/friends visit from out of town. The food is very good and the enviornment is great. Eating outdoors is awesome when its not too hot.
I have absolutely no problem hanging out here. Service is great and people are always friendly. Sometimes the cackling bachelorette party girls or over the top hipsters annoy me, but I let it slide to enjoy a mostly chill neighborhood bar.
One of a chain of great movie theaters. \n\n * Clean\n * Good customer service\n * Variety of films\n * Great location\n *  Easy to find . . . and\n *  Lots of parking.  \n\nWhat more could you ask for a great Friday night date?
Try the BBQ Chicken Nachos!  Great beer selection on tap.
I was really apprehensive at first to using these type of cleaning services but life\nrecently has me needing some additional help.The professionalism of the staff is\nspot on and my house hasn't looked better!!!
My husband and I have been on vacation for a week. We have eaten breakfast 4 times here at Tryst. I have had the Kale omelet and it's delicious. Warm atmosphere, friendly staff, and excellent food. We will be back in March!
This is the nicest place ever. Every old book imaginable. Nice people. Great location.
This is one of my favorite places. I've never had anything here that wasn't wonderful - from breakfast to lunch! They have salads and sandwiches, but not burgers. The staff is always great and it's always busy (there's a reason).
I have tried several of their pizzas since my friends and I like to share and every single one is delish! Don't even bother with Bianco anymore... skip the wait and crowded dining room and head to Federal instead.
Very good homemade food, guacamole is bomb!! Kinda cold inside but good makes up for it
Had muffler service here (almost changed the whole thing that got quite rusty), the price was very good, but the work needed fix just after 2 months (and the new mechanic was surprised at the low quality of the work), and with the current fix, the price is no longer good.
The cassoulet was as good if not better than what I had in Paris, Nov 2013. Much of the staff, wait and kitchen are from France. This bistro is as good as it gets in North America .
Chelsea was our server and she was great and food was really good too!  My first time there but will be back!
Got delivery. Girl was odd and food was disgusting. I got the Monterrey jack & pesto burger and three tacos(fish, carne & chicken) Not good at all!
Great authentic food and service!! Nice atmosphere too. And open until 6am every night! (or should I say, morning) ;-)
Dirty, disgusting, smelly pool. Rude staff.\n\nShould be called Mandalay Bay SWAMP because of the shitty pool and ugly swamp monsters who work there.
Had only 30mins to eat and the came through with great fresh food.\n\nWe told our server about our time issues and he was a rock star. He helped us order smartly and everything tasted great. The best part was the food and check came together to speed us up and we were in and out of there in 24mins.
I stopped off here with a small group on a hockey night and man this place was packed.  Even though the bar was full it still didn't take long to get drinks and food.  As English style pubs go this one is A - OK, the beer choices were good and the menu had something that satisfied everyone in the group.
Great food , great service. Anything on the menu is worth the price and worth ordering. Make reservations is all I've gotta say. There is always a wait
This guy lets you come to his shop and look at his car collection for FREE!!!! You can't go wrong here.  He's got beautiful cars and bikes to look at.  If your in Vegas you should go check it out
We had the Vegas, the LA and the Philly burgers and they were all fabulous! The burgers were juicy, the presentation was good and the service was exceptional! It was a tourist atmosphere and the restaurant was clean and unique. It was a good experience. Thank you!
Very impressed with this place. The only thing I'm disappointed with is it closes early and not opened on the weekends. Great concept!
Everything about this place is delicious. I ordered The Split crepe with cookies and cream ice cream to share with my husband and daughter. I immediately regretted sharing. I'm super bummed that I'm just now finding this gem of a place. (Moving in a few weeks.)
Service was decent. I had one of the brisket burgers and it was good. Fries were tasty and the variety of BBQ sauces on the table was convenient and tasty. Cornbread muffins were delicious. We were sat right away. Was not very busy on a Saturday evening.
Babbo is a great date place, or lunch or dinner with a friend.  The garlic butter (which you have to ask for) is amaze.  They have a patio outside as well.  I highly recommend.  Every single thing I've tried has been good.
Another restaurant that I can't figure out why people flock to it.  The food is downright bad.  My husband loves steak and gets sick if this restaurant is mentioned.  The sweet potatoe must have been cooked and then frozen and then thawed... it was so runny and icky.  How do you mess up a sweet potatoe?
very good food.  excellent service!  eggs benedict is the specialty here and it's excellent.  decent coffee and a great view of the tarmac, right outside the window.
Nasty, nasty, nasty. Lines are long, their product tastes like they haven't changed the oil in months. This company evidently hates using fresh cooking oil as much as they hate gays.
Rick did an awesome job on my carpets! I will definitely call him back next time I need my carpets cleaned. He was prompt, polite, and reasonably priced!
Do yourself a favor and save your money. This show is a joke. Went with a group of friends and we were laughing the whole show. The venue mimics a basement with lights and fog. I felt really bad for the performers because they did put effort into the show and they are attractive but overall, save your money.
Had a very plesent time here! This was my first 'yogurt' experience and loved testing some of their flavors... I really did enjoy the big selection of fresh fruit to put on top!\n\nFYI get the rewards card.
We had a quick dinner here before a show, and all the food was quite good.  The service was quick and attentive, and we left feeling like we hadn't overpayed for the first time in Vegas.
Came in on a Saturday night just before the rush and got seats. Healthy menu and fun drinks. Loved my fish tacos with black beans and rice.  Only complaint: we were jammed in ( the table are close). Don't expect to have private conversations. Just good food.
This place is clean and well staffed, but what makes it stand apart is the fact that their carwash is great.  They cut me a good deal on detailing my truck and let me substitute the free carwash I was owed with my second car.  Great service.
Really quick, cheap and delicious! I got a tofu and rice dish. Large portion, not greasy and very delicious!
This newly constructed building is that the SWC of E. Camelback Rd. and N. 7th St. The facility's nice but the parking lot is tight. Look all ways/directions before pulling out of your parking spot or entering street traffic from their lot.
Horrible customer service in the drive thru two times now.  You'd be embarrassed if you spoke to anyone like they do let alone it being a business.
We're truly lucky to have them in the neighborhood - lovely local couple owns and runs it. \n\nTheir pricing could be 30% higher and it'd still be a deal. \n\nQuick, friendly service and always a perfect cut!
We tried a few chinese restaurants before we found this one.  Once found a smile of relief spread across our face.  They have consistently good food.  They are always friendly and have good customer service.
Scramble has a great thing going.  The santa fe eggs benny is amazing.  Don't forget to end breakfast with the best cinnamon roll in town.  This place is very consistent and has a great staff.
I am a \"well adjusted\" patient of Kaizen and appreciate all the amenities that they have to offer.  Dr. Steve has been my chiropractor for many years and has been effective in my preventive care.  I suggest his practice to all of my family and friends.
The pad thai in this restaurant is the worst that I have ever had. They do have panang curry which is available for lunch special. The venue is nice and cozy, but the quality of food could be better.
It was great. Our waitress was definitely a good host. I highly recommend this place if your in Charlotte. Mac and cheese was on point. I didn't care for the collard greens but overall we all enjoyed our meal and service.
They misdiagnosed our cat as having diabetes. After the cat went into insulin shock they said 'well, sometimes it just goes away.' Seems like they to want to kill animals as expensively as possible.
So many delicious vegetarian options to pick from! Great ambiance and good service. One of my most favorite restaurants in Vegas. You must try the fresh coconut water, its served in the whole fresh coconut and i felt like i was transported to a tropical island. Definitely worth going back here next time I'm in town!
Absolutely love this place! When I have a big burger craving - this is the number one choice.
AZ science center is great for kids and fun its good for ages 5-11 it has great activities and i have no problem with it
I was a little skeptical to go here because of reviews. I was pleasantly surprised. We ordered Mongolian beef, curry chicken and Szechuan green beans. It was all really good and reasonably priced!!  Loved the green beans!!
Coming here is a rite of passage of sorts when you're in Vegas. There are a plethora of stores for everyone! Wear some comfortable shoes so you can walk around and not wish you were wearing flip flops. The stores are really cute and they have decent restaurants inside as well.
We have had a very positive experience with Roland; more specifically with Kurt. We needed some special attention to our lease situation and Kurt was extremely fair and helpful. In fact, we will be renting from them next year.
The California club and breakfast buzz are amazing! I wish they would have another location more north, although the drive and wait are worth it for this place!!\n\nHas a drive-thru if you're grabbing something on the way to work!
Blech.  Had the fish tacos, they tasted of fish that had been bottom feeders that had been frozen, thawed, refrozen and then thawed again before cooking.  i.e. mushy and not the best.  They were cheap though....
I am sold on La Ristra! Customer service is Back!\nI must come back and try everything on the Menu!\nFlavor is essential in any dish and they have it nailed down tight!\nI will be back!
The pizza is decent for the price. Love their Monday 50% off every pizza....can't beat that deal. The garlic knots are awesome and reasonably priced too.
Did you know that the Joya Spa has great Mind/body classes yoga and Pilates midday.  The room has the most spectacular views of Camelback Mountian.  If you are local they sell a memebership and if you are visiting from ANYWHERE the spa and classes are world class and worth checking out!
Perfect wouldnt change a thing. wish they had a 6 star option
The softball size meatballs is a must have! I usually don't like meatballs, but this is so delicious, you have to order it. It comes with two in one order, but thy are big enough to share if you are ordering it as a side.
Great technology and great dentist. \n\nThe best thing: I never waited in the lobby for more than 5 minutes!
poor service , rude customer service and they open late on saturdays quite frequently , and there cardio machines are dirty most of the time , i wouldnt refer a friend to this place theres much better out there......
Excellent, open late, generous with samples, pretty presentation.
Love Elevate! Great place with a great cup of joe :) What I truly love is that they have tons of options that are great for non-milk drinkers (not just soy milk like some competitors). \n\nPerfect place to grab a cup, study or even listen to live music on a weekend evening.
This place is amazing.  They do a brisk breakfast business - but we stopped in for lunch.   There is a surprisingly large menu and and I was tempted by many choices.\n\nThe fried chicken was amazingly delicious and the potato wedges were very flavorful.
Hands down the best turkey burger I've ever had.  Great vibe. What some college football at a burger and the staff chatted and were very attentive. Food came out fast and it was delicious.
Excellent service and excellent entertainment was only topped by the unreal bone in fillet!! Possibly the best steak I have ever had!!
Such a sad display of service!!!\nThe champagne was great, the apps were good, too!\nThe problem is it took FOREVER to get the drinks and food. The server was slow and too busy socializing to help us.
WOOHOO!! I have found my sushi restaurant! The food is soo good, the service very polite and knowledgeable. I would say the only thing that could be improved on was their rolls could be rolled a bit tighter. Otherwise, we will be returning!
for a korean restaurant KIMCHI should be the best...but theirs was so nasty...the restaurant itself is not inviting design wise...i just hope the kind owner would ask ROBERT IRVINE of RESTAURANT IMPOSSIBLE to revamp this place
Baked Mac n Cheese with Chicken and Broccoli. Just get it. Don't ask questions. Lol but seriously best mac n cheese ever! Mario Hoagie and Meatball Hoagie are awesome too! Great for Happy Hour too! :)
Just got the $7 wash, but they did a great job and were very fast.
Previously we've had great dinners at pieros. Last night something went horribly wrong. Smug and surly service, mediocre food and high prices are seldom a good combination. That's what we got in spades. \n\nAVOID!!!
I have never been treated worse at a club in my life. The bouncers inside the club were so incredibly offensive that I left at 12:15.
Great little shop! Walk up,outside seating and the inside area is great! Staff is friendly, coffee is good and the pastries are a delight! - I don't usually use that word.
Love the bbq chicken, mashed potatoes w/gravy, and caesars salad!!\nA most fabulous lunch!!!
Really didnt care for some of the employees. Huffing and puffing because I'm in the aisle looking at clothes with my baby in her stroller where they wanted to put clothes away so desperately bad. Not the customers fault the store is so small. Next time I wont bite my tongue.
The beignets were disappointing. The entrees were amazing, though, and the cornbread to die for!
The restaurant is hidden inside The Quad. The food is awesome. There is more than enough food to share on one entree. The portions are generous but the food will stop a heart. A must try if you in Vegas. Cheap food and it will get you full.
2 words: unorganized chaos. I hate when rental car companies are offsite from the airport. Then the line wrapped around the door & they only had 2 people helping people!!! Will be avoiding this place in the future.
Below average Mexican food at best. And $6 for chips and guacamole? Unless you go to Chandler High, skip this place.
I have been going for years and I have to say it is one of my favorite Chinese take out places. Closest I get to NY take out. The owner is a wonderful lady who has a sharp memory for who you are and what you order.
Food was overpriced for what it was, and the quality was borderline gross. The person making the food was pulling up their shirt and scratching their stomach the entire time. Not going back there.
Beautiful place to eat
I know they're known for pho, but try the curry NOW!!!! Get it with bread. It is so good you will lose your mind!!!!
Kmart has taken a steady decline for years. this store just screams low class, unhappy workers, low quality products, and cheapness. I only stop here when I do not want to drive farther for basic necessities.
I have started to hate walmart. The prices are low, but my time is worth more than the savings. They never have enough cashiers and there is always a huge wait. Taking something back takes longer than LA traffic! I have decided not to spend my money there. Get your customer service and manpower issues together!
Love the Pizza, salads and subs not to mention the great smells inside. Personally I do not care for the pasta dishes because the sauce is a little  heavy for my taste. Overall I really like this place and the service has always been great. It is a nice place to chill and chat with friends or family.
I love coming here! My sandwich is always perfect, the soup is flavorful and I love getting free chocolate covered strawberries and bread. The line moves very quick and they are well staffed. Definitely a must try!
Very slow service.  I had to wait a long time just to get a server and the good came out even slower with hardly anybody in the restaurant.
Food is fantastic... Atmosphere is too loud portions are reasonable prices are on the higher side... Bottom line the food is really good!
Ghetto. Full of hood rats, drunks, homeless, etc. Bathrooms were disgusting. Most of the employees were 'busy' talking to friends? or texting on their cell phones. A lot of coffee choices were out.
Can't beat it.  Best gyro and chicken shawarma in town!  The staff is nice and the prices are great.
Clean and friendly. Why not five stars? With the buying power of whole foods, prices should be lower than anyone else. Corporate needs to stop pushing for organic gmo produce.
this place is super inexpensive and really fast, great place to take a quick lunch break
This place is amazing!  They have a huge menu, very wide variety, great salads, phenomenal sandwiches, all very reasonably priced. Service is always excellent as well, short wait time.  I'd recommend this place to ANYONE!
4 stars because the staff are always helpful and willing to help. 1 star left off due to lack of \"one-plus-one\" monitoring. The Lead always seems to walk around fast talking on their radio, but no additional registers opened.
Terrible hotel. Checked in to a dirty room. Partner chip his tooth on the buffet bacon. Had to walk from the strip to hotel because the hotel gave us the wrong info on where to meet the shuttle. DON'T STAY HERE EVER!
This place is awesome! Good beer, good food, good prices, great staff. Definitely my favorite place after a long day at work. If they only had Blue Moon on tap I would give it 6 stars.
Nice venue. Friendly staff.
The pizza was flavorless, the mushrooms were canned, the ricotta was not sweet and creamy, and we will not be back. The price for this pizza is ridiculous in comparison to the horrible quality.
Tonya our waitress was perfect! Her recommendations we all excellent! From Chicago attending a funeral. Checked triple-D, and glad I did! Oatmeal Raisin pancakes were unbelievable! I don't where they get their eggs but they were huge and fresh over easy for me! Must stop if ever in Pittsburgh!
I recommend this spot! Food is delicious service is great dinning area is cute & the lounge are is cool! If your in the area stop by, it's next to the Riviera.
OMG delish! Love love love this place!!! They have so many options and tasty foods!!! Plus the service was on point :)
It's horrible pizza. Order four large pizzas and out of the four times I have gone the pizza is extremely greasy. If you like greasy pizza then go for it but its horrible.
One of my favorite omlettes of all time. Solid cup of coffee, good ambiance, and we sat in what would otherwise have been the window dressing area had it been a retail store. Great breakfast place, be sure to stop in!
Get the burritos enchilada style for that extra cheese and red sauce. The burritos themselves are very fat and filling! I recommend the sweet barbacoa pork, it's different from traditional barbacoa but it's still delicious.
The Tax Goddess is the business you want to work with when dealing with bookkeeping, taxes, and payroll. They have friendly staff that treats you well, and looks out for your best interest. If you are looking for a local firm, you have found it, The Tax Goddess! You will be pleased that you did!
This review is for Dr. McGehee. My family has been going to him exclusively for 10 years, he is the absolute best!  As of recent the appointments feel more rushed, I'm not sure if it is due to their scheduling strategy or what, but his chair side manner is still top notch!
Food was amazing and the price isn't bad. Served super hot. Definitely will eat again when back on this side of town.
I paid $20 for a sustantial hair cut (first one in three months) and a full beard trim (first one in over two months). \n\nVery old school, and the barbers are all total pros.\n\nBring cash.
This place was a blast. We played bingo and the drinks were poured well and the service was great! Had a blast and will be back. It's a dive so if you don't like dives don't come here. I love dive bars:-)
Great fast Chinese food like you would find in NYC - try it. Cheap & fresh, love this place.
If going through the drivethrough I would check your order before leaving. THIS BK CANT GET ANYTHING RIGHT!
Came by at 1145 on a Saturday......doors were locked & not one person in sight. Want to give 0 stars for bad business. When the sign says open at 11:00, is it too much to ask to actually be OPEN at that time?
They just can't follow direction in getting an order right. If these kids are our future...we're in trouble.
Best Gyro in the entire valley by far--trust me.  I grew up in Chicago, lived in AZ for 15 years searching for a \"real\" gyro and finally found it!!  The owner is from Chicago and he knows what he's doing.  \nScot O.
PATRON FUSION!!!! Wow. Love it!!! This place has really figured out how to make a margarita. It is the ONLY place that I enjoy drinking a margarita. Their food is very good & I have always had great service. Keep up the good work! One of my favorite places.
Happy hour from 4-7 (: Pool tables and a good bar. Ambience, OK. Great drink selection and bartenders.
Love this place.   Egg rolls,  hot and sour soup,  amazing.   You must try this place.   Oh yeah,  take out only and call ahead.   Worth the effort.
This place never disappoints, a true Arizona experience.
One of the best Thai places in town. They have great curry, as well as noodle-based dishes. In addition, they have decent alcoholic beverages. They also deliver!!
4.5 Stars\nThe seafood tower was amazing and my ribeye was very good.  Very expensive.  Much better experience than the ocean club in Newport Beach.
I needed some scanning done and was very happy with the customer service. I didn't have to wait and they were very helpful. Prices are very reasonable as well. I normally prefer to support local businesses but was in a hurry this time and if I need this service again will break out of my box and go here.
Okay hands down favorite food place in the entire world!  It is more than heaven in your mouth! So many different flavors! I go to school right by it and go there everyday during my lunch break and is the best ! I recommend everyone to try and and they fall in love !
Best indian food I have had in USA , their pani puri at Sunday buffet is to die for !! Decor is very classy / hip !!  Cool outdoor seating too ...
This place is DELICIOUS!!! Allyson was great as our server. The yams are amazing. We will definitely come back again!!  ;-)
Good basic gym.  Never really a crowd.  Staff is friendly.  They keep it clean and play good music.  Also it is...Cheap!
This place has decent decor for a valley Indian restaurant and very average food. The dosas at Ananda Bhavan or even Karaikudi are way better! The service is quite inadequate and even rude at times. Quite frustrating.
Great music, lovely atmosphere. Reminds me of Bunny Hoover's bar in breakfast of champions for some reason.
Best place to watch sporting events, attentive and friendly staff, and the truffle pizza is so damn good.
A little old lady back in the kitchen working Latin magic while her little old man counterpart runs the front... yes please. The yucca frita will change your life! Authentic and wonderful. This place is a great find.
Impressive customer service and great classy atmosphere. Not to mention the amazing food. -1 star for being overpriced.
Awesome! This place is so cute and they made balloons for the kids when they asked for one :)
This location does not have good service. Went through drive-through and they forgot our drinks and our sides. While they were preparing what they forgot, we could see another girl who had her back to us and it was obvious that she was on her phone. Any other KFC would be better.
Mmmm, Very good Food. this is a restaurant to not be messed with! I will return Hungry for Moar~
Goddess got it right.  This place is pretty, and it looks so promising.  Big disappointment.   There was nothing for vegetarians.  The food was mediocre at best.  I'd choose Pho Nhat over this pretty restaurant any day.  Don't judge a book by its cover.  No good.
Best in town
It was a pleasant surprise. My husband and I wanted to have a quick and delicious lunch. This place is close to our house so we decided to try it. The food was fresh and perfectly seasoned and the service was friendly and fast. We will definitely return!
This one star does not shine that bright for the turkey spinach crepe I had here last weekend.  Quite disappointing. Too thick. Looked and tasted mass produced.  I mean cubed flavorless turkey meat and mushy spinach.  Can they really stamp this with the Jean Philippe brand?
Went down to BDiT yesterday, not really sure what I wanted but knowing I didn't have a lot to spend. Jeff was very helpful and knowledgeable about the selection, and I walked out 20 minutes later with a 40\" Sony that looks great in our living room. I will definitely be back here for future TV purchases!
Not only is this a great example of supporting small/local business... but Sara takes a lot of pride in her craft and is fairly priced. I highly recommend Ifix for anything mobile, mp3, or tablet related.
This is about the ticketing process. If you buy online you have to wait in same line as the ticket sales so be prepared to wait a long time. I wouldnt do this again.
Oh.... man. \nBest pizza EVER. It was so delicious. \nIf it weren't so pricey (worth every damn penny) I'd probably eat there way more often. Slightly out of my price range but definitely a place for special occasions/when you feel like being fancy.
My first visit at this location.  We normally go to the Chandler location but we were in the area and this was on our to do list.  The staff is very patient and my daughter loved every minute of it. Nice, clean salon with lots of vibrant color and a large waiting room.  Nice for the little ones to roam around.
Extremely good Mexican food! Ordered michelada and shrimp cocktail. Super bomb! Helps recover from hangovers and super good! I always come here now just for that! Must try!
Discovered massage chair at the end of my pedi! No mention from the staff. The woman who helped me had strong hands so massaging was great! This is your chance to catch up on reading and writing, not a place for conversation. I was called 'Miss' which I adored.
What a great place- service and food are fantastic, as is the funky decor. My first time here today and I'll definitely be back.
Worst Mexican food I have had in Madison.  Pork tasted like it was on its third day in the crotch pot.  Food was a bit cold.  One star only because the service was good.  So was the Corona :)
kinda ghetto. home of the biggest sheikh store i have ever seen && there's 2 in this mall. daang doe
The upstairs bar isn't open on Wednesdays and the amount of time it takes for me to walk downstairs I may as well go to wando's!! Too many steps, not enuff #booze
We have been to this restaurant a few times every time we visit Las Vegas. Their Pho is great I love their Seafood Pho it is delicious. The price range is reasonable. My kids love their Pho Meat balls & spring rolls.
The service was quite bad here. Our waiter did his best to facilitate what had to be the WORST kitchen turn around I have ever seen. The order took 30 minutes to serve, very sad when consider that I ordered rare steak on an empty night.
I heart you mattas!
Food flavors were great service was terrible the waitress Spilled water on us never came to clean it up we had to send a burger back twice because it wasn't cooked to our specifications and they forgot a burger
I've been here a few times as well as ordered out and it's been good all around. Wings and pizza are their specialty and I stick to both. Always good.
The view of the pond is great; they also have ducks. The food was 4.5 on a 5 scale and the service a 5. They have outdoor seating with a fire grill table and plenty of lounge area. Definitely a place to meet people to eat, drink and kick back.
Best Thai food around!!\ni love their thai tea and their noodles...\ngreat prices too!!
Everything I've ever ordered has been really good.  Their food is very light and satisfying.  I would recommend it to anyone.
I have to admit that I was incredibly timid because most LV establishments like this one look for any opportunity to screw you, but this place was really good!  The service was fast, the staff was friendly... they have earned my business and I would recommend to my family and friends.
They juicy burgers in my favorite mall....  What can't I love?  The seating area for five guys was a little dirty, so I sat in the food court.    FRIES!!!
Lovely staff; great hair stylists. Love it!
Great prices and food. I ordered a pho tai ( rare steak ). They packed it with meat..i felt like more meat than noodles, which is a huge plus! I would totally go again. Must try! \n\nPs. Only cash.
bleh! this place is over rated! too big on size but lacking in taste. if u want BIG serving then its a good place to go, but im a person who go after the quality not quantity. :( sorry i
Great prices and great food. Love the lemon chicken for lunch.
Skip it and go to Cafe Rio down the road.  Seats needed cleaning off, it was really hot in there, staff wasn't too friendly, food is REALLY cheap though, chicken burrito was salty, salsa was dry. I don't need to go back.
I wish I could do negative stars. They are crooks! And liars! They will rape you any chance they can get and their customer service is a complete joke. Their website has incorrect information posted and everything I have ever tried to do with BofA has been a night mare. I wouldn't wish this bank on my worst enemy!
Probably the lousiest chicken & service I have had in a while.  The hot sauce is straight from the bottle with all heat & no flavor.
i love you mgm. everytime i go to las vegas, i'm here for the stay. this place is huge! i always feel like a vip here. i love the top floors, good view, good services, and the room is big. my experience here was awesome! thank you and i will come back again!
Yummy ice cream (Cinnamon? Yes, please!) and the \"dinky\" size is just perfect for when you want to splurge on vacation but not go too crazy. Not sure we would have ever found it if someone had brought us there but so glad we did go!
The food was good. The service was good. Needs a little attention in the decor department. Our booth had drywall exposed where the table has hit the wall several times and there has been a half measure to repair.\n\nThe flan is out of this world. Out of this world!!!
If u r looking for a great massage go here. As good as it gets for the price
Awesome work, fair prices and great customer service. The whole crew is professional, especially Mike. He's warm, friendly and will go into detail about anything you might not understand or have questions about. And he always picks up his phone, even when he's off the clock!!! Guy works too hard hahahaha.
Amazing customer service and the Italian dip was heaven to my taste buds. Ordered the Italian dip absolutely delicious.
Busy central phoenix location near the Biltmore area. This location has personal mailbox spaces along with a full service post office/drop off location. There is an automated package kiosk which will help with after hours as well as help avoid long lines.
Joy would sum it up.  Beautiful butterflies flying all around. Come for experience rather an expectation.  Four stars because it was fun, interesting, and unique.  \nChildren love seeing the butterflies, photographers enjoy the easy access to great photo shots, most importantly this was a great place to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday.
I grew up with Villa Deli!  The bread is made fresh and the smiley is the best!  Check out their dinners to go!  They are tasty and simple!  The spaghetti dinner is my kind of meal, just add water for the pasta!
Overall, a very nice experience.  The food is very reasonable and pretty decent.  The salsas are meh, nothing to write home about.  The service is pretty good and they have a lengthy happy hour during the week.  The music is a little bit loud at times, but seating is not a problem and there is a nice patio area.
We went back recently for lunch. It was terrible. The cold dish ( black ears) already went bad and they still served it. The fruit was not refresh either. Not sure what happened since we visited last time. It was the worst buffet experience that we had ever.
I love this place. The owners are so friendly and actually came to talk with my friends and I. Love their gyro
Well worth paying for hard to find VEGAN products! Clean and very well organized store! I thank the staff that asks me \"How am I doing?\" and \"Hello...Need help in finding something?\" This goes a long way with me and I am truly thankful for great service on my visits to here!
This is the fastest delivery place I have even seen.  The sandwiches here are fresh and so it the bread.  I would recommend this place 1. if you want delivery that is quick and 2. if you want fresh sandwiches.
Best coffee I've ever tasted! Being able to watch them roast the beans right in front of me was pretty cool as well.
One of the few golf shops you can tape up a club you want to buy and go hit balls on their range. The pricing is and selection is good, and the staff are attentive and friendly.
Yum! This place is our new favorite breakfast spot! Everything on the menu is awesome! The prices are a little high for a breakfast joint- but totally worth it! The staff is super friendly and the decor is very cute!
Mediocre Asian food made to accommodate american taste.  Ok tasting but not authentic.  Do not like the ambience but it is conveniently located very close/on UW-Madison campus.
Everything is so fresh here. One of our favorite sushi places in Las Vegas. The service is pretty good, sometimes you'll wait a bit to see your server during times. I would have done 5 stars but they don't offer any military discounts, so 4 stars is still good!
Definitely a great little spot for lunch or dinner. The appetizers, some of them, are big enough to have as a meal.
Pretty good. I loved their horchata-yummy!
The wonton noodle soup was very good.  The other reviews got it right, the food tastes fresh and yummy.  There were some minor communication issues with our waitress, but the rest of the staff were quick to come help with whatever I needed.
Super friendly! Accepts walk-ins. The grooming was cheap. I think the vaccinations for my dog were reasonably priced. If I lived out in Vegas I would go here all the time, I was just picking my dog up from my grandparents (they kept her for me while I was in a move)
I absolutely love Archi's! The Panang is amazing and consistently delicious. Both catfish dishes are spectacular. I've introduced dozens of people to Archi's and all have been as satisfied as me with their food and service. All locations are equally superb!
Yet another great experience! Even more updated polishes and options. The girls are very thorough and detail oriented which is even better!
Service with a smile. That's what I've come to expect and receive from Sonic. I only end up here when it's between 2-5pm for their happy hour, but service is friendly and efficient and I can't ask for better than that.
Great beer selection. Delicious poutine. Very chill atmosphere with great service. Can hang here for hours.
Had a delcious beet salad with the \"Ingo's\" lightly battered chicken delight, the perfect combo to go with the \"shattered potato chips\"\n\nI just love Ingo's, always consistant, always tasty...
Great food, great beer prices, and great live music.\n\nI was in a band that played there a handful of times, it was always good fun... and I loved getting pierogies or haluski before the gig.\n\nNow we go just to enjoy the place & whatever else may be going on.
Quick & Delicious Lunch with a great salad bar!
This bar is the biggest pile of shit. Horrible service, too expensive, and in a bad area. Do yourself a favor, and never ever come here.
Delicious and healthy. Staff is very flexible to prepare Acai bowl just the way you want it.  A weekly stop for family.
This is the absolute worst meal I've had in Vegas.  4 of us ordered, 4 of us barely touched the food, 4 of us disappointed.  Will not be visiting any of their other locations either.
Yuck. YC's is SO much better! I mean, who knows how \"fresh\" that raw meat really is. This was my first visit and I won't be back. It took 30 minutes for 1 reg bowl take-out and the place was Empty. Not impressed. Save your $15 bucks.
Great Pho. I'm little Saigon area in so cal so I know good pho. This place is good. I have never tried this place due to the bad reviews on yelp. But tried it today and was pleasantly surprised. They have a very big menu. Will definitely come back to try their other dishes!
Good breakfast spot! Our waitress was Stacie and she was awesome!! Definitely try the banana nut french toast and the egg-cellent omelet... sooooooooo worth it and it'll feed 2 people no problem!
Very nice hotel and casino! We stayed here for a week, a couple of years ago, and it was a very enjoyable experience. So much to see and do, but above all a very clean place, conveniently located alongside other great casinos, fantastic pool. I especially liked the little restaurant by the pool - nice menu and killer drinks!
I tried Lamar's Donuts today as part of free donut day. And now I feel quite bad for not paying for the donut. They are huge and delicious! These are hands down my favorite donuts......and donuts are my weakness!
Best sushi in Vegas for the price. Green mussels are amazing. My favorite rolls are the Stacey and Vampire. Super fresh ingredients!!
Each time I have been here the food is great for a quick Mexican restaurant. I have always gone thru the drive thru which I wish the service was a little faster but I always know I get a great breakfast burrito! Staff has always been nice.
For all the magazines saying it was worth going to, I think they were crazy. Not only was it over priced but I tried everything and it was disturbingly unsattisfactory. I don't think anyone should have to pay that.
Delicious Wor Wonton Soup!
First time here. I usually eat Roberto's but my cousins had me try his spot out. It's really good and you get your food quick even if it looks busy. Tasty tacos and clean spot. I recommend this place if you really love Mexican food.
Had lunch today...food was just ok, the hostess was crying at the hostess stand, serves was very slow...ordered chicken fajitas the presentation was awful no plate was supplied, guacamole was 99c extra...very poor over all.\nNot somewhere i would recommend.
A wonderful place to bring family or go on a date. The ambiance is well suited to all needs.\n\nThe food is splendid and quite original. Yum!
This is our 2nd day in a row here, 1st was dinner and next day was Dim Sum.  The food is very good for Hong Kong style cuisine and Dim Sum, I would highly recommend it for anyone looking for real Chinese food and Dim Sum.
Waited 50 minutes for food, with no explanation or apology.  Rather defensive waitress offered us drink refills when one of our party complained.  \n\nWill not be stopping here again.
The service sucks, mostly pretty pretentious. The music is so loud, seems like I'm inside a club...big mistake
Great dumplings! My friend and I shared the lamb coriander dumplings... Delicious.
Food was bland. Only offered complimentary beer for dinner. Vanilla soft serve didn't work. Crappy selection. Do not eat here!
Food was great! Gasper and his wife Maria are very loving & compassionate about their patrons & food. Loved the decor and obeisance of the restaurant. It was a little loud but not sure there is much to do about it.
Really disappointed. My sushi arrived 10 minutes after my friend's lunch came. Portion size of the hand roll and the Ikura was half what it used to be here. What's up, Kona? This used to be my favorite place to go. :(
Absolutely the best burritos around!  Far better than their competitors with way more choices and my burritos are always exploding!
Not much to say.. They management defenitly has this place going great. The food is good, drinks are good.. One of the best restarunts in vegas,.
Wow!  Best meal we had in Vegas!  We took a cab from our hotel on the strip to try this place.  Money well spent.  The food was amazing, atmosphere perfect and the service superb!
Went to Brand for their Thanksgiving dinner menu.  Had been there on a couple of occasions for their regular menu.  Again, was not disappointed.  Great service and the turkey and sides  were excellent.  Consider their regular menu as well as I recall their steaks were great.
They remodeled! Still great food, but now the place looks awesome inside, too!
These young ladies do an absolute marvelous job! The time and quality placed in each and every cupcake is astounding. The consistency and timeliness of their product is something many small businesses can learn from. I am extremely impressed and highly recommend Sin City Cupcakes to all!
Gyro was great, service friendly and quick. The decor is sparse, basic, and nothing I would go to for an occasion but for good food this is recommended.
I ordered the Philly cheese steak with extra meat and cheese. OMG, if this is extra meat then I can't imagine how little meat the normal sandwich has. \nAlmost $10 for a sandwich, it better be amazing. It wasn't. Skip it.
I like this course because you can play 18 holes in about 2 hours! Great for business outings. Gorgeous scenery of the echo canyon park to the south as you play. Well kept, friendly staff. Just missing the long holes.
Best Asian noodle place in town. Most of customers are Chinese.  That is a good sign that the place is really good. . It is very cheap and so tasty.
Good service and nice people working here. Place is super clean as well which is a biggie to me. Prices are fair when you add in shipping costs to buy online supplements.
Closest thing to New York style sandwiches I have found anywhere near Las Vegas. I had a corn beef/brisket sandwich on marble rye and it was melt in your mouth amazing. If you are in Vegas and want an awesome sandwhich - eat here!!
My Salad was fresh and crisp, batter was tasty and cooked well in the fish taco. I could have just used a little kicker too the full taco. Not really exiting but good food.
These guys are great. They have even helped with a problem over the phone. Anyone with a VW needs to bring their auto here for service.
I've been going to this office for about 2 years now and each experience I've had has been a positive one. The staff is fabulous and I've never had a problem getting in for an appointment when it's time for my checkup.
\"Go for a meal\"\nService slow hence a 4. The food was excellent. Chicken and beef burgers were amazing and the jalape\u00f1o starter as good. The sweet potato and truffle fries were big do sharing even between 3 possible
I have used Myers Park Tailors multiple times over the last few years and have always been very pleased. Most recently, they worked on the suit I'll be wearing for my wedding in a few weeks. It turned out great and my fiancee even said that I looked like a GQ model (God bless her).
Good burger, fast service
I've taken the light rail a handful of times, alway one shot from mesa to downtown Phx. Its nothing exciting and can get packed at times, but if your deciding between this or a bus, hands down I say light rail, especially for the same price of an all day pass.
Went in the afternoon when it was slower - great tacos and the beergarita was very good. Great atmosphere!
Very helpful folks and great selection of quality products for sale.
Good service, good beer selection, very good pizza. I'll be back.
Very cool place. Great bar area and patio. Good service and the food - primarily Cornish Pastys - are good and something different from the norm.  The Pilgrim is like Thanksgiving dinner in a turnover.  Excellent.  Diverse beer selection, both on tap and bottles.  Good place to hang out near Old a Town Scottsdale.
I purchased an LG Washer and Dryer in April 2011  because of a $400 rebate, it is now mid Sept and I have yet to receive the rebate. Spencer's places the blame on LG and will do nothing to assist in a resolution.
Honest and upfront auto service. Always friendly and courteous. No false promises or pushy sales.
Was a quite evening in tempe! Excellent food and service!
Love this place. Come here every Vegas trip. The cowboy ribeye is my favorite. Service is great. Everything you expect from a steakhouse.
Owner is super friendly!  This place is clean, friendly, and tasty.  The meals are healthy and the calories are listed for those who are trying to make good choices.  They also include a free cookie so kudos for that!
I would say it was a decent massage....and if they offer a deal I wouldn't mind coming back.  It was very easy to book a weekend appointment the day before and that is huge for me!
My favorite breakfast burrito. It's a hole in the wall but it's worth checking out. Cash only at this location. I always get the chorizo with egg and add cheese. I have been coming here for 8 years and it never fails me.
i found out that portion size is good, then bad. i complained to corporate and they blocked my ip address. do not go there, they have no customer service!!!
We had dinner there tonight because we had a $25 off certificate.  I will not go back there unless the meal is free.   It's the worst sushi I have eaten in my life.
I really like this place.  The bars are all places to have fun with a loud crowd.  The casino is clean and the employees are nice.  What else can you ask for?
The \"Hot\" wings have a delicious & spicy flavor. The burgers are awesome (I recommend adding green chile to the cheeseburger). But I highly recommend the California Dreamin grilled Chicken sandwich with grilled bacon and fresh avocado, fantastic!
The food was suprising delicious, I'd previously heard that British food was terrible. Anything that they fry has the best batter and the Scotch Egg w ordered was fantastic. We definitely plan on going again and trying more of the food.
food is awful, and the tea they have in the silver canister is never fresh, they keep it stale, and, the LIPTON IS AWFUL.  The food is not cooked all the way, and, none wears gloves.  The place is dirty.
Crawfish, shrimps and calamari were all good sizes.  Servers are always friendly (been a guest three times).  The whole shabang is recommended.  If you have kids they can still have the whole shabang without spice.  The corn is so good that when ou take a bite, it just comes right off.
There boba is the best in Vegas i love their boba i go here mostly every weekend so delicious,but one of the workers can be very rude sometimes. Other than that their boba is the best (:
I ordered the eggs rancheros. The tortillas were home made but not properly cooked as they were doughy and really thick. My friend had the chicken quesadilla. The chicken was hard as a rock due to being over cooked. The only thing that was good were our mimosas. Do not recommend this place.
Mike their \"broker\" has no personality and is rude on the phone. He is impolite to his costumer and will drop the phone on you, avoid dealing with people like him and move on to the next business that cares about costumer service.
Very friendly and comfortable feeling salon.
I was really surprised how nice the room and bathroom was. The front desk attendant was very sweet and accommodating. I will for sure come back.
I love this place! The beef tongue tacos and carne asada tacos are sooo good!! And so cheap!!
So many choices, great store!
Amazing food . Unlike many Indian restaurant which put oodles of oil and spices, this one cooks in authentic Indian home style with required amount of oil and flavours.worth for money
Jill, Tom and Al are the very best and provide A+ service consistently. The food is second to none.
You can't beat the lunch special. Salad, slice, and drink for under $7.
For a quick morning grab or a light afternoon meal, Boulangerie at Paris, Las Vegas is the ideal place. Fresh baked bread, baguettes and other baked delights with butter, jam and desserts here are divine. The folks that work here are a little rude. Perhaps they are trying to make it a truly Parisian experience.
very nasty food and service,,, house fried rice taste like poh poh and fish entree is a no no...overall a nasty place and oh receipt is all in chinese and has no breakdown.....
The BEST cupcakes!  Much better than Sprinkles!  Exceptional customer service (as always!) given by Patrick, Mikey, Brittney and Jason.
Great place to get an authentic mixed drink.  Tracy was great, she made sure that the staff took great care of us.  We challenged the mixologist TJ to make us each an original drink with our favorite liquor.  He crushed it.  Each drink was perfect.  I highly recommend this experience.
I used CLS shuttle from the Las Vegas Airport to the Strip. During the ride, we were a captive audience to a gentleman who used the time to try to bully us into attending a \"free\" timeshare presentation. He had offers of shows, dinners, etc. It was quite annoying.
This place is off the book delicious.  I'm not a big fan of buffets, but from 12 -  4 on Fridays, its on.  Amazing chicken curry, kofta and tabouli, rice and assorted deliciousness.
Delicious! Best Thai I've ever had. Try the Grilled catfish (believe it or not). Service and atmosphere are nothing special, but not too bad either.
Requested a gel manicure and regular pedicure. Gel mani came out sloppy and stripped after two days :/
Had brunch with great service from Alisha. Food was great service 5 stars and a perfect location. Bottomless mimosa's during the entire time. Alisha timed everything perfect. Highly recommended this place if you are anywhere near MB on a Sunday looking for brunch.
One of the best Koran restaurant in tempe for sure, love their tofu soup, especially winter also the BBQ pork is good too!
This place blows.  Food had no taste and shake was below average for a higher than deserved price.  Johnny Rockets blows this place away and I even prefer a Denny's burger and shake for half the price
Clean and great customer service.
So glad to see a ritas out here! Awesome Italian ice just like in Philly! Good prices, and u can sample favors before picking the ones u want.
Extremely poor service. Couldn't comment on the food as I left after being asked to move into a small space between two parties at the bar.
this looks so good! but i dont know where the menu is!!!!!!
Great food, but the atmosphere (inside Caesar's Forum shops) and service sometimes have room for improvement ...
One of the best pizza places in town great food! good value! Im from the East Coast it's really hard to find a good pizza place tastes as good as theirs!
First time I went here. It was so delicious. I cannot wait to go back.
Very nice place. All massage chairs and inventory is new. Owner and nail techs are nice and they are well spoken and actually hold conversation with you. Nail color selection is okay. Prices are normal.
Getting on the right track. Woo Hoo.
I've been there once and loved it!  The fish tacos are delish and who doesn't like a nice little trip to NoDa?
Great service! Great variety on menu, and the food is awesme! Nice atmosphere and  overall great place!
Very happy with service, every time!! Great. Decor. Lily does a wonderful job and is very friendly. Won't go anywhere else. Both the greeter and Lily went over color choices and took their time helping me on a busy weekend. I've always gotten prompt service.
Best strip club ever! My husband and I had a great time. The girls are amazing, every one of them is beautiful and unique! Drinks are a little expensive but STRONG. We will definitely be back in the future!
John is definitely a wonderful massage therapist!  His studio is peaceful.  I felt as though I had high end treatment at an affordable price.  Very detailed oriented and extremely knowledgeable about the body.  Not forceful yet very effective.  I would absolutely refer him and I plan on going back.
normal hair cuts are about $20.  they know what they are doing and use a hot lather at the end to shave your neck.  i've been going for about 10 years.   normal guys should feel right at home here! a true barber shop.  never a long wait for a walk in either.
I have tried other cleaning services here in Vegas, this one is by far the best. They did a move out deep clean for a rental property for me & it was like night & day difference. HIGHLY recommend! Their prices are good as well. Excellent customer service too.
I'm not a big fan of breakfast, but this place could convert me.  There was a lot of variety.  Reasonably priced, good service, and clean.  The food was really good and the portions were sizeable.  \n\nEveryone in our group (with and without doggy bags) was happy.
I love the price range here, and the quality of food is amazing. Have manami serve you if you can, she's always been my favorite.
Wonderful. It's was Friday night, we got the VIP tickets. We all enjoyed laughed and had great time!
Love the service and playground! Our family's top pick for \"family date night\"\nHave to try the cheesy chicken- crunchy and oh so flavorful!!
I actually have been going here for a while now. The food was excellent. Though the past 3 times I have gone the food has declined rapidly. Super soggy noodles and still frozen crab puffs aren't my idea of a good meal.
Amazing food, reasonable portions, healthy fare.  If you're visiting and want healthy and delicious, this is it.  Staff are professional, friendly and attentive.  Reasonably priced.
First time here, and very impressed!
Whenever I want a plain coffee i go here. I always get in and out quickly and the baristas are always super friendly. I'm not a huge fan of their flavored lattes but you can't go wrong with their plain coffee. It's delicious
Had Cafe Roma for lunch.  I had the California Turkey wrap... ermahgah! that thing was huge. It kept me full most of the day... really good turkey and the avocado was fresh. It was a good time. I would totally do it again.
Made a reservation for 8:00.  Showed up on time, only to have them tell me that it would be 40 minutes before my table was ready.  Don't trust this place, go somewhere else!
Just had my eyebrows waxed by Courtney. She was great and I love the results! My eyebrows look awesome & sexy! I will definitely go back!
The coffee here isn't what sets this place apart; it's the music selection. It's a really cool store filled with great music and a lot of locally printed tshirts. The cafe portion is small but stocked with a large espresso maker and baked goods that appeared to be from Dozen, but I could be wrong.
Can't leave Vegas without my Sunday Brunch hangover fixer. (unlimited Mimosa)
Great experience!!!  you have a wonderful view of the Grand Canyon and the Skywalk is not all that scary.  It is over 2 hours from Las Vegas but even the drive is not all that bad.  All in all you will be impressed...
Check your orders if you go there. All kids and they yell threw the drive though window as your trying to pay!!! Would never be back Can not even get a coffee order right!!!
Love this place! Tried San Diego now vegas. Huge servings, great food, and not to to over priced! Great place to try while in Las vegas!!!
I like working out here. My only complaint is that childcare is only til 1200 but the most popular class starts at 1130. Doesn't make much sense.
Over the past couple of years, I have been in here a few times for gifts. A few things I like about Little Luxuries: free giftwrapping, nice selection of colorful stainless steel water bottles, excellent cards, and cute sunglasses for $10.
We ate at the spago cafe after getting in to Vegas on a late flight.  The tuna sashimi and oysters were superb as was the chopped salad.  Strawberry shortcake for dessert and two cocktails made with St Germaine were perfect.  Great service too.  Will definitely return.
Not loyal to their regulars. Night manager was rude over a coupon when the right thing would have been to accept it that one time but acknowledge the use next time.
Good sandwiches, good prices and decent pizza.
I was so surprised, I live in Las Vegas 9 years and I never ate in any restaurant at Fremont st, \nThe rib eye steak was amazing and so was the Oscar medallions made from Beef angus.\nThe atmosphere was great and professional\nThumbs up!!! Big time
I always get the chicken burrito with veggies, black beans, and everything else on it. Service has always been great when I go in. One of my favorite eating spots
This Petsmart is where we usually go when we need anything for our 2 dogs. The store is clean, staff is very friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. \nNothing more to add at this point...
Simply the best service, ambience, food and location! We had our belated Valentine's dinner here and found a place we shall return to over and over again.
We split a single gyro and a side order of Greek fries. This place is absolutely delicious and the PERFECT price for a great taste in food! You probably won't find a better gyro place anywhere nearby. We WILL be going back and trying their Chicago dogs VERY soon!!
Our doggy Hercules thanks Luxe Pet Hotels for the care and excellent service!\n\nThe facilities are nice, staff considerate... Wouldn't hesitate to bring our dog here next time.
Fantastic service with a quality product.  What I've been looking for in a ice company for years.  I'm glad to have finally found it.
DO NOT SHOP HERE!  My wife bought hair for my daughter, and the size was not what was indicated on the package.  They refuse to allow a return or even an exchange because they have a no return policy.  We are out over $100.
Place makes legit deep dish pizza. No one does it better in champaign. Only place to go for piazza like this down south. Lunch special legs you get their piazza slice for like three bucks. Great deal for a hungry college kid
Nice alternative to a smoothie.
This place needs to be shut down and remodeled from top to bottom. They should start with the GM, because it is obvious that no one in upper management cares about this place. Dirty and run down. A total joke. I would rather sleep in my car. Never again. Zero stars.
The food is good. The service is spotty. If it's packed, I'd go some where else. I recommend coming to this place and ordering a skillet. Food's got flavor.
Usually the coffee is great! Pink macaroons are huge and are the best!! Weird and scary looking to take my toddler. Very artistic inside and unique.
pad thai and hot and sour soup rocks! love this place!
I love rice and ate some many different forms of it during my life time. Komex has one of the best rices i have ever tasted. Reasonable prices is a plus too..
I have been to this location several times and they have been very helpful ( im deaf ) and kind. Once they made a mistake and compensated for that mistake greatly!!  The sushi is excellent! Prices can be a bit on the high side but the great food makes up for it. I highly recommend this restaurant for great sushi\n.
I love this place.  I used to live in Squirrel Hill.  I first started going there as a bar patron, then quickly realized how great the food is.  Their buffalo chicken dip is awesome!  Its pretty great food for a reasonable price.  The bartenders are great too!
Called Riggs on a Saturday they were able to come out same day . They did a amazing job and the price was good will definitely use them again
Had beefsteak and Tocino tacos.  Was pretty good.  Had a side of lumpia which was also good.  Will go again
Worth the wait. The wait was 1 hour long since the place is super small. But don't let the looks of the place scare you. The food is awsome.  Salad,  soup, pad thai, chicken curry.
I will only spend my $$$ at this Lowes!!  Kristian, Julie and stefani are incredibly nice and provide great customer service!  The no hassle return policy was just that - no hassle!  Thank you - from your loyal customer!!!
I love berry blendz!! My fave smoothie place!! And Bryan always makes the best smoothies!! :D definately recommend going!!
Love the fish tacos!  Had a chimi and it was really good, too.  Good prices and clean.
I am actually at this massage place right now.. Disappointed with the first half of my \" Escape Package\". If you want to be pet like a cat.. Perfect place to be.. Lol but don't expect a massage.. Never have I been bored on a massage table except here.
The food was excellent! I haven't had better sushi than this. The primo is my new favorite roll.
This is a pretty good Fry's. Never had a complaint and things aren't hard to find. Clean and organized.
Yum yum Yum nom nom nom nom, everything here is amazing.
Cash only. I love walking here on a weekend morning, especially in the summer to sit outside and get some reading done OR get your coffee to go and walk up and down Grandview. The mocha is fantastic - the barista puts special sugar on top of the whipped cream. My waistline can only afford this treat once a month though!
Best salon around!  This place is incredible, it's a comfortable salon and the staff is awesome.  I saw Liz E. and got the best hair cut and color I have had outside of NYC.  She is a sweetheart and we had so much fun.  Oh and they have wine.
deep dish pizza ( ordered well done )\narrive late, soggy, not well done, only partially cooked\nit wouldnt even slide off the cardboard bottom...\n\ni went here for the good reviews, and left very unhappy
Stunning scenery and exceptionally maintained course.
I love staying at Bally's the rooms are priced fairly for what you get if you stay in the North tower. That just happens to be the tower I prefer. I have honestly never stayed in the other tower. The employees are nice as well only thing I do not like is they now charge to check in early. :(
Just moved here from NY. Had pizza yesterday it was terrific reminded me of the pizzas in the Bronx. Had the calzone and a veal parm hero tonight, only thing I can say is this is my pizza place from now on !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
convenient location - often moved without notice or found ceilings falling or the restaurant flooded.  I quit going here because I don't feel they really value their customers.
The food was awesome! Great service! The beef ribs just melt in your mouth!
This company doesn't stand by their work. I recently purchased a bank owned home and have documentation stating that they fixed the unit in the house before I closed. When the unit would not work, I called them, and they stated that they do not warranty their work on bank owned houses
I had forgotten how bad the Wynn Buffet is and made the mistake of returning for brunch. Only decent options were the eggs benedict and the porridge. Not something I would pay $36 for.\nMaximal price. Minimal choices. Not good.
Good pizza place. We ordered the 28 inch pizza. I loved the garlic crust.
I went in expecting to like this place, seeing as if Tom Colicchio asked me to run away with him, I would do so and never look back.  I ended up LOVING the food.  My meal was perfection.  The wine list was heavenly.  Hope to visit the LA location soon.
Great customer service and honest! I've been going here for a couple of years and have an older car. Highly recommended
Needed a last minute suit for an event and decided to try this Men's Warehouse.  The Manager, Jeffery Demoure, could not have been more helpful, he really went out of his way for me.  Was able to get a nice suit, tailored, in under 30 minutes.  I was very impressed.
Solid food obviously prepared with passion by a friendly husband/wife team. Tried two palow dishes - the lamb was incredible. Cut like butter. I will definitely be back to try some other dishes from Aryana.
Fast! And the line was out the door......I really enjoyed this Whopper Bar. I mean where else can we get our Whopper with a beer? :))
I have used these guys lots of times and have always been happy with the job they do.  I also like that no job is too small.  Sometimes I just need some furniture moved from one floor to another or from one home to another.  They are always professional and curtious and fast.
Noodles! And the pork bun, sooo good yum.   But always a loooong wait :(
Worst place for shows. You're basically paying to get your ass kicked by security. It's one thing to tell people they have to leave it's another to put them in a chokehold and drag them out the door violently. Avoid this place.
The workers there are always super friendly! Not only that, but their donuts are so tasty and fresh! They have a biggg variety. You can usually get a dozen for $9.00   :)  I'm a regular there now
This place is hands down great the food was so yummy but i think what made it to 5 stars was May our waitress, she was so nice her customer service was on point. My cup of coffee was never empty and she knew what i needed before i even asked. Thank you May!
Best shrimp and grits I've had on the west coast by far! Super excited about this place.
my friend and i went to this place and they couldn't even get a simple burger made right. i mean really how hard is it to make a well don e burger. they had made it twice and both times it was pink in the middle.
Come here all the time with my girlfriend and have never been disappointed. Great food and great service every time! Whether we are wanting just a few drinks or to celebrate a special occasion, this is usually one of our top choices. We strongly recommend giving this establishment a try; you'll be happy you did! Keep it up Thirsty Lion!
Unbelievably good Indian food with warm hospitality. Try: samosas, malai kofta, mutter paneer, lamb vindaloo and the amazing rice pudding (kir)!
We used the sign jungle for our business 2 times already, great service and product. \nWe will keep using them!!! 5 stars
I come here often because the Margaritas and drinks are amazing.  A great atmosphere and relaxing place for a hangout with friends after work.  I don't like the menu too much because they don't have alot of healthy choices.  Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who doesn't know about it.
Every time I have gone to Opa its been amazing. I enjoy the staff and food. The red Greek wine was amazing also. Which was recommended by the server. I live in Cali but I will always come to Opa for good food,music ,service and the whole experience!
Wow! The interesting flavors are crazy good. They know food science and pairings. Sampling is encouraged. I ended up with avocado and the spiced chocolate. My taste buds danced for joy.
It was overly priced for food that looked like it sat there all day! Dry meat and not a lot of choices! I couldn't even make a decent salad! Worried about even trying the fish and the deserts looked gross!
The chicken shwarma is awesome!   The fries are hand cut and really good. Service is quick and the prices are reasonable. May have found my new lunch spot!
Always a fantastic experience, beautiful views, world-class service (shout out to Mark),  and sliders delicious enough to turn a vegetarian rouge.   Did I mention I had a Cask 16 Old-Fashioned? wow.
Best breakfast place in the valley!  I used to come here all the time when I lived in Glendale.  The omelets are great and the biscuits with gravy are one of the best items on the menu.  Sadly I now live across town, I will never find a breakfast place in the East Valley as good as this!
Don't waste your time over at the Beauty Bar their drinks are watered down crap. The Griffin knows how to make a drink RIGHT! If you don't like a stiff drink, don't bother coming to the Griffin. It's a really cool place to wind down and people watch.
Outstanding food, quick service, reasonable prices, and you can bring your own bottle of wine. Need I say more?
Ambiance is GREAT! \nFood also Great! \nHappy Hour ok.... But definitely a fun place to be when your with a small group of people looking for a good slice of pie. Service is very friendly- a must go again place!
Loved the pizza! Went with a big group and tried three different kinds: pepperoni/black olives on red sauce, sun-dried tomato on garlic white sauce, and bacon/onion on pesto sauce. Service was great, and everything was scrumptious!
Food was a 10 but service was abysmal from check in to wait staff just a disaster. Otherwise would have rated our visit tonight a 5.
I've been going here since I got my first puppy two and half years ago. Every time I call, whether it be about boarding or health questions (one on my dogs was recently diagnosed with epilepsy) they take the time out to fully explain everything. The staff is always friendly and genuinely seem like they care.
I had a great experience here, Emanuel is a very good service advisor. Thank you Findlay for your great customer service!
Best Ricotta of my life.
Value for money! I love their shredded garlic potato and all the chicken dishes! Wholesome portions and great prices
1st time great but bad make up,second time,  total fail, third time great!!! Took my mom in to see Ali, Great! Apparently you  need a veteran to get the goods! ;) I will try again.
Worse food ever. Chili is awful, a can of chili may even be better. Burger patties are so thin a diff burger joint for sure has thicker ones. Over priced, customer service, taste were a big disappointment. They do not live up to its name: Tommy's
I always have great food as well as great service here! Practically everything on the menu is delicious. I love the orange peel chicken,  lobster garlic noodles, creme Brule, mojitos, and so much more.
The al pastor tacos here are very tasty! The place looks scary but what hole in the wall looks nice? This place use to be an IHOP back in the day. I gave it 4 stars just for the al pastor tacos. If you try anything else on the menu, you are on your own.
Awesome buffet.  Sashimi was great, as was the dessert selection (highlights include chocolate covered strawberries and made-to-order crepes).  Service was fantastic.  Will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas.
HORRIBLE!!! Really, filet shouldn't have fat and when you tell the staff they shouldn't be rude.\n\nI love the Del Frisco's in Winter Park, FL. It's one of my favorite steakhouses. This location is nothing like it sadly.
If ur in the mood to relax a little more then the crazyness at rehab, then this is a great spot. Locals welcome also a plus...
Woohoo is right. These donuts are AWSOME! I will for sure return for my next donut binge. My favorites were the old fashioned glazed, and the maple bar. The bear claw was not worth it. The apple fritter is worth it. If you are near a Bosa then get some donuts.
Love this place! Very affordable if you ask for an apprentice. The atmosphere is comfy, and the staff is very knowledgeable! The lashes are definitely addictive, you'll want to get a fill plus every 2-3 weeks to maintain!
Came by at 9:57  wouldn't let me in even though it showed they close at 10 pm. Horrible customer service. Just drove ten min to get here
Great pizza, albeit a bit on the pricey side. I can't say enough about the awesomeness that is the PizzaGhetti - yeah they literally stuff your pizza with spaghetti bolognese. Wunderbar. Service is surly but delivery is fast.
I love this place. When I first moved to Las Vegas it was one of the only places I knew of to get vegan food. Took my son back today and he went crazy for his chicken sandwich and banana slush. Still as great as I remember.
I eat here twice a month the food is always good.  I usually sit at the bar and the bartender always takes great care of me I think his name is ben very good.  Reliable and considtant
Wonderful show!!  We thoroughly enjoyed it.  Beautiful theater with great seating... \"not a bad seat in the house\" is really accurate.
Great service, cute diner style atmosphere, and good broth.  Definitely worth stopping by sometime.
Honestly the best personal training gym! Everyone there is so nice! They care about your wants and needs! And when they give you a meal plan they make it with the foods you like!! I train with Erik Young there and he is fantastic! Definitely knows how to kick some butt!!
Anything you order you can't go wrong. The food here us amazing. The creme brule French toast is awesome on Sunday brunch. The beef Wellington for dinner us incredible. The meat balls and the vodka sauce, wow! If you can't decide on the wine, ask for Filippo and enjoy.
Great food but the waiter didn't ask us about level of spice for our dishes like he did for the other table. Red curry was awesome although lacking any real spicy punch
Had my hair cut and beard trimmed here. Great service and good prices, this is definitely my new barbershop.
Horrid.  Not told about an 'additional driver fee' when a 2nd was added at the desk upon arrival and car wasn't vacuumed or cleaned..  Be prepared to be charged $10 extra per day if returned early also. Gave them a 1st time shot but not worth the hassle, rent elsewhere.
The Wicked Spoon Buffet is simply amazing. All kinds of food are available to you, and the desserts are pretty delicious too. If you're on the strip, this buffet is definitely worth a trip to!
a fail-proof place for great mexican food. i have tried everything on the menu and its all great!! i even had them cater my wedding!! cant wait till they open the new place on 43rd and thomas!!
About $8 a sandwich.  A little out of the way.  The philly cheese steak was good.  As always, I threw in peppers.  Yum.
I'm a huge fan of this place!  The food is great: fresh, full of flavor, and genuine Thai.  The service is also good....  Just need better lighting in the restaurant.  The florescent lighting is a bit of a mood killer.
We normally eat Pho at another Las Vegas location but noticed Viet Bistro while driving in the area. We've been back many times and always find the food to be excellent and the staff very friendly. We've got a new Pho place!
One of the best burger restaurants ever! I couldn't finish the burger but it was soooo good! The truffle fries and oxtail fries were sooooo good! Our server Dan was the best!!! A must try!
Yum! Never disappoints! If you live in Anthem and want good pizza, this is the place to go.
Maybe the employees shouldn't use the main entrance as their smoking area. Was disgusting having to walk through the 2nd hand smoke of 5 employees right outside the main entrance. \nKosher deli is nice.
This place SUCKS !!!! Customer service SUCKS...gaming SUCKS n food SUCKS...not to mention the roach running across the bar....needless to say we will never go back
I don't get it...  Why review the capitol?  Would anyone consult YELP in making a decision to visit?
Cute place with a delicious cap! Perfectly proportionate.
Best corned beef sandwich I've had anywhere at anytime. Definitely great portions of food. The jewish sliders are very good especially with the potato pancakes. Too bad they aren't in California because I can see myself visiting this a lot.
Love this place! \n\nLocal, diverse, hip, and most importantly it has the best deserts and Mac and cheese! \n\nDid I mention that they also have a full bar? Lovely!!! Their mixologist is are awesome! \n\nI highly recommend it!
Very poor and non friendly service  Price are outrageous. I don't understand why people shop here unless the enjoy paying high prices and enjoy non friendly employees. But, I guess there is a store for everyone.
The quality and taste is amazing however a plate for one waffle was 11 dollars I sure will go again if the add more food to there plates
I stop here several times a week . Typical Starbucks but what makes this location stand out is the employees . Very friendly and knowledgeable . Liana is the bomb !!
Absolutely the worst choice for our first meal in Vegas. This place is completely overpriced and the staff was inattentive. Miguel seemed annoyed we didn't want to order right away, but chose to enjoy an appetizer first. The sushi is about the same as the local convenience store. I would rate it zero stars.
Excellent food. Any of their curries is delicious. I specially enjoy their lamb curry.
I've only bought a few items here but this is the place to get the very best equipment at. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and very helpful. The bicycle line up is top-notch and if they don't have what your looking for, your looking for the wrong thing.
I have no idea why there are such low reviews on here. The service is fast and friendly and I have seen a huge improvement in the past few years. CVS accepts our insurance, is fast, and always has what we need on hand.
Great mexican food!
Probably one of  the best Sandwiches locations in Las Vegas!!
Excellent food. Love The Thai Basil Signature dish.
Take out made as requested, no drama. Perfectly timed. Great food Great prices. Lettuce Wraps are amazing!!!
Man I LOVE this place! I really hope they do well! You will not find better Mexican food and a more laid back relaxed atmosphere!!! They only thing they need to do is put sand on the floor! Great beer and booze selections! I will be back again and again.
Every time I'm in Vegas I make it a point to come here. They have the best sandwiches without breaking the bank. Love the Cannonballs sandwich & the tuna melt.
This buffet is not worth the $33 they charge. The food was mediocre at best. I would NOT suggest this to any of my friends or family.
Very good to go once at a special occasion. But I know better food and better service.
Dr Mac has been taking care of my kids for 14 yrs! Wouldn't think of going anywhere else.
I will not buy my coffee drinks anywhere else in Las Vegas.  \nCustomer service and drinks are epic.  A glorious melange of books and games.  Brilliant art work as well. \nI'm addicted
My husband was assaulted in front of me and my children at this mall.  Instead of security coming to our aide, the officer escalated the situation.  I am shocked at the unprofessional behavior that occurred after the assault.  I do not feel this is a good environment for families.
Great company! We called a couple companies to clean our carpet in our new home and they were the most affordable! Mauricio and Carlos were very friendly and explained our carpet care very well! They were very friendly and funny too!
Yuck!!!!\nFood was nasty\nRestaurant wasn't clean at all ...not a single table wasn't left with food particles...and no one was in there.  They are too lazy too clean.  If you paid for my food I wouldn't eat there again.
Wonderful dive into the south side of Pittsburg. Two drinking, er, seating sections. Two pool tables and a Galaga machine. Score.
LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! Good atmosphere, great food, good brews, and great service! Heather is a great server and was totally on top of her game! Love the burgers and the Mac and cheese
My favorite bar at the moment. Vanilla java porter is liquid candy in a bottle, mmmm. Definitely go upstairs if it's open.
One word...horrible! This was the dirtiest most unfriendly nail salon I've ever been to in my entire life! So sad, I just moved here too. Yea, to say the least I got the hell out of there...don't waste your time or money!!!
Great place to dine before going to a show downtown. Service was excellent with Kathleen. Food was terrific and the martinis to die for.
Fast and very professional!\nI called about a plugged sink drain which Ryan immediately fixed (doing several tests to make sure there were no leaks when all was put back together). He went \n the extra mile and ensured that the dishwasher was plumbed correctly.
I've never actually stepped inside the place but I had a few take out meals brought to me by my folks over the years. Whenever I bit into a piece of fried chicken or breaded pork chop, I get an image of a motherly woman painstakingly cooking for a large family.
Good fresh sushi- I go once a week.
The restaurant is nice as a family place but Henry on staff is dishonest. Tried to Telly table and I that \"something in the salad\" is an anchovy. I took a picture and posted it. It's a cockroach!\nWe left without finishing/paying...so gross.
Really great bfast and beautiful setting. Great for kids.
This place is a hidden gem. Fajitas are wonderful and a good size portion. Atmosphere is cute. The staff are very friendly. Happy Hour is 7 days a week from 3-7. Reasonably priced. This is definitely my new \"go to\" place.
They charged me $1000 and made my score worse than what it was to begin with. I do not recommend using them. The items that were deleted I could have done myself. Total waste of money.
A little further drive since we moved to Scottsdale, but we still happily make the trek.  The selection is great, and the people who work their care about the products they sell. If you want it, they will most-likely sell it. Very reasonable prices.
I have been visiting this restaurant for 4 years now.  The employees are very courteous and the food is of good quality.  I have had very little problems aside from verbal communication issues with some of their employees that don't speak English very well.
Slooooowest Trop Smoothie everr!!!\nI frequent this location since I work in the shopping center n it's always a drag even when they r slow :/
Food was amazing! Service was personable but adequate. Empty place but worth the doubt!
Best smelling Hotel/Casino on the strip.
Starbucks coffee close to the tram, get a Venti and hop back on!
The price is about the same as Quizinos. The sandwich was great! They have a live musician so it is kind of loud. It was a good experience.
Sarah the bartender is an absolute nasty person. She couldn't smile and was super rude. I wouldn't come back soley because service was terrible.
First time to this place. the food is good. service was fine. It will definitely go into my rotation of sushi bars
I love the food here and the customer service is great, plus the price is hard to beat.
Very authentic fine Italian cuisine close to the office!
This store has the most friendly and knowledgeable employees. This store also seems to have the largest selection of fish out of the 4 in my area. Our puppies love the bargain bin they always have toys just their size. Fun place to shop with your four legged kids!
Love this place. My husband and i eat here all the time and it is really kid friendly. Beer is amazing and their pineapple express even better. try the crusted halibut you will not be disappointed.
worst service EVER. why hasnt this placed closed? why is it still open?? \nnever get my order right worst service
Fried chicken, rice and gravy, cabbage and Mac and Cheese was great! Also tried the collard greens and ribs. Everything was delicious! Kyle, our server, was very nice and attentive. Can't wait to go back!
Great Food....\n\nGood Service\n\nExcellent Management\n\nGood Drinks\n\n115 tv's (guesstimate)
Lux is like being taught physics by Sir Isaac Newton.
I had given these place only three stars only for their service.When I go there always I can expect a good service and I go there and get a good and friendly service.One day when I go there I face a parking problem that I never expect.I love this place and I want to go there for the next time.
Never have any problems here...good food, good service.
great customer service and excellent selection of booze.
Really great panang! This is one of the best place to eat lunch in the area.
the pizza here is so good we will drive across the city for it. we love the chipotle shrimp with cranberries and barbeque sauce, perhaps one if the best pizza I've ever tasted. i really like that they give you your own water bottle to share, nice atmosphere and pleasant staff.
While this is a new arena thus things still look fresh and sparkly, this arena has it all!  Have been here twice and always come away impressed with the venue!
Oh. My. God. I keep going back...
Wow. Everything was bomb. Ordered the Lechon kawali, pork sinigang, adobo, and the number one thing the pork adobo fried ride omelette. Really really good! The omelette is a must here! I really recommend this place! The staff is absolutely positively super friendly!
I was so impressed with the expert job Trademark Carpet Services did for our home.  They made me a raving fan. I would definitely recommend them to others who are looking for quality work at reasonable prices.
Great selection and very knowledgeable and friendly staff.   Highly recommend.
Wow, what a great idea. Buy you wine and drink it in the store - they provide the glasses and open it - no corkage fee. Also, a good variety of local and regional craft beers for a reasonable price. Friendly staff what more could you need on a Friday evening?
My husband and I wanted to try something new and I am so glad he recommended this place! The food is RIDICULOUS and the service was amazing!!! The restaurant was cozy, laid back and all of the staff made you feel like a regular. \n\nWe will definitely be frequenting this restaurant.
Even though I said that I couldn't spend that much on sunglasses to replace my cheap scratched ones, the clerk was very helpful and offered to clean my current ones for free to see if the solution might fill some of the shallow scratches. I will be back when I have more money to spend :)
A great place for lunch...\nA touch of Brazil in Edina...\nMust go for the stew!
I have been a loyal customer since 1997, and I don't have to go anywhere else. Jeff and his crew take care of you like you're family. No gimics, no scams, no run arounds. I have recommended him to friends and family without hesitation. You won't find a better place.
gosh, Charlotte must have low standards in sushi. This place was fairly terrible. Threw away 80% of my order. Salmon should have a taste and rice should be white, not 50 shades of gray.
Manager Jen H is somewhere just short of useless for problem solving and a mindless twit.  Will be letting company know how she treats customers.
Service was awful. I tried Tuesday special Pastie; it was horrible and way overpriced. Not a true northern Michigan pastie. Very small portion with roast beef and celery which are not ingredients in a traditional pastie.\n\nSkip this place for lunch .
I've been going here for three years, and I finally decided that I should write a review. The staff is so friendly, they're always quick about their work, and everything is clean. Summer is the best technician there!
Beautiful and lovely brunch on the patio today, 75% of our 4 meals were great...service was pretty good. Great ambiance and location. Prices a little more expensive then they should be, but we'll go again I'm sure.
My favourite boutique in Montreal! The clothes have a vintage twist and it is cheap for the quality and unicity you get. Great accessories too.
One of our go-to places during our annual trip to LV.  It has for years been a lunch destination; this past week was our first try for dinner.   We weren't disappointed.   Food was delicious, service was great and we love the atmosphere of sitting \"outdoors\" in St Mark's Square.
We almost always stop here when we are transiting terminal 3 at Phoenix Sky Harbor. Great food, fast and friendly service, and conveniently located at the gate/security level.
I go here all the time. The menu is large and the food is great. Portions are big. Be careful though, because the woman who runs the place doesn't speak English very well and you might be up-sold without even realizing it. Just don't nod and agree with anything unless you understand it.
The Olive Mill is one of our favorite places in Queen Creek. The only negative thing I would say is that during snowbird season it is PACKED. So, if you're local, definitely go during the off season. Other than that, the Olive Mill is a great place to go for lunch or just for some great olives!
We called to see if they could replace the shut off valves under the kitchen sink. They came within an hour and it was not even an emergency. Great job to Kurt.
I wish they came smaller so I can eat more varieties! Few we tried were the Fat Elvis, Maple Bacon, Snickers, turtle cheesecake and pink velvet. We all had different faves but Snickers was my fave! Nice and clean environment. Bathroom was cute too w its pink graffiti.
The shop is a little noisey from the work being performed. Parking is good and food is very good.Their Vietnamese iced coffee is great. Clam chowder is good. The breac served with the soup is very tasty.I haf their #1 Vietnamese sandwich which is delicious. Prices are low. Friendly people.
simple lunch menu with delicious ingredients.  Fresh and healthy.  Great atmosphere and surroundings. Tomato bisque soup was fantastic.  A definite return trip.  Great date spot.
This LA fitness is convenient and inexpensive. This particular location can get busy around 5:00 but its normally still possible to get a treadmill then anyhow. Yesterday I was next to a smelly guy but the clientele is pretty okay for the most part here.
Under construction!!!  The hotel and downtown Scottsdale!  Was awoken @ 3 am to the sound of heavy equipment and @ 4 am the jackhammering began.  It maybe okay again in the future but I would avoid staying here for the next several months.
Nice clean place, though smallish, wish they'd muffle the bouncy castle fans.
Thank you so much for the good reviews. I went here for a business meeting 8-13-2010. I ate soo much I hurt myself. Everything was great I especially loved the lamb and chicken curry. The staff was excellent and very kind. I will recommend my new favorite Indian food restaurant to everyone. ;)
Definatley the nicest and cleanest theatre around. Nice plush leather rocking seats. It's always my first choice as far as theatres go.
We love this hospital! My son has Polyarticular Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis and is, therefore, a regular patient to the rheumatologist. Dr. Ede and his staff are wonderful. We would never go anywhere else!!
Excellent very flavorful, great service you can really tell they put pride into their food could tell that the meat was marinated and tortillas were homemade. I will be back for sure!
I have visited this food truck a few times now. The salads and smoothies are all delish! You can find the truck at the Phx Market on Wed and Fri!
Finally made it in here!  What fun little trinkets and treats.  You can find a large array of sweets and funky novelty items.  I was expecting larger variety of candies but they do have several nostalgic favorites you can not find anywhere else.
This buffet was a big disappointment! I paid ~$40/person for lunch including 18% tips mandatory for having 6 people or more. There was no crabs! no lobsters! The clams were not satisfying since they make you eat it with corns, potatoes, veggies...What a rip-off!
This place has an awesome Happy Hour. The environment gives it a welcoming feel. This bar also introduced me to IPAs. The food is pretty good as well.
They have the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Never again will I rent from them. When I needed to turn the car in an hour early in order to get to my flight on time, they pretty much said tough luck. I was transferred to three different period to get the same response. Don't waste your money.
Best Pilipino food in Arizona...and the best service! I've eaten at many Pilipino restaurants in LA and Phoenix, this restaurant offers best overall experience. Good job Pinoy Bistro! I'll keep coming.
I've been back since my initial review, and I have had better service since the first couple of times I went.  The food is excellent.  It is consistently delicious.  The complimentary soup is delicious as well (and I am not a soup fan).
My second favorite show in town (second to Ka).  Amazingly talented performers and surprisingly funny.
Always enjoy it here. The Monday burger special is always good. If we're having drinks we the margaritas.
My wife and I ate at this restaurant recently. The service was excellent and the food was very good. Our server and the kitchen were very diligent in regard to our food sensitivities and allergies.  We would definitely return.
They serve boba tea and just opened today 12/16/14 really clean and modern look people were nice
Good stuff! but they need a better A/C system. We went in there during the summer and it was uncomfortable.
I would give them a 5 if the service was better.  The food is always great.  I've tried 6 or 7 different versions of the calzone and the stromboli is awesome.  My boys love the pizza.  The price is great for the portion.  Great family spot and the delivery is on time.
I had brown chicken with gravy. I enjoyed the taste because it was salty and not too salty. Also, the Mac and cheese complimented the chicken well. \n\nThe food was delivered fast and I would definitely come back again to try the other foods that I have not tried.
This place is pretty sweet, good music, good atmosphere, the staff is really nice.\n\n-1 star because it's a bit off the strip. It's not too bad though, about a $10 cab ride to the strip.
15 dollars for two people food was not good salad was old piZza was cold pizza taste weird only thing good cinnamon rolls not worth ur money
Great food great wine I would recommend we had kids went early everything was splendid
The service was very good. The people that work here are polite and work fast. The white peach oolong is a great drink if you want something sweet!
hands down the best!!!
friendly and fast baristas, this is one of my favorite starbucks in the valley :).
On reading all of the revues I think you should clean up your act and lower your prices. I agree with the one customer in saying 4.00 dollars for chips and salsa are a little steep. As other places give them free and all you want. I believe I will pass on this one.
Easily the best Chicago hot dogs in the henderson area. Nothing around really compares. Had a lot of items from here and everything is always fresh and the service is great! You can't go wrong with the Chicago Hot dog!
Service is slow the food is ok. I ordered a small fruit bowl and it turned out to be canned fruit. Don't order that. It is just gross!
This has got to be the best kept secret in Tempe, Total Gem!!!  Great folks, serving great food.  I had a great omelet (spinach and swiss) awesome cup of joe (in a real cup) and absolute killer (just made fresh) Muffin.
Awesome service:) Jason is my favorite, I am super picky when it comes to my hair and he always goes above and beyond my expectations:) would definitely recommend.
$2.50 pints all day, good food, lots of TVs.   A good find in my neighborhood.
Ames came promptly and provided the best carpet cleaning this house has ever seen!  DeWayne was totally professional and extremely reasonable. If you are looking for professional and reasonable cleaning look no further then Ames!
My 16 month old absolutely loves this place. The facility and toys are always very clean and the staff is friendly. My mommy group comes here all of the time even though some of them live way out in Henderson. I'll definitely be having my daughter's 2nd birthday here.
music sucked. overly crowded. wont come again. unless you like techno and smelling the hairy armpits of men and women you will enjoy yourself.
Today my wife and I received the best massages we ever had. I had a deep tissue massage and it was great. My wife had a \"normal\" massage and said hers was outstanding. I would highly recommend them. We obtained the massages from Living Social for Holiday gifts and are planning on going back.
Friendly staff, generous portions, incredible food.
Koi Crispy Rice and Sparkling Sake!
Excellent burger joint.  And not your average burgers.  These are inventive, well-presented, high quality productions -- served in a place with a modernized, classic diner feel.
Nice..
Still the best daycare/boarding facility for dogs in the Valley. We love Dog Days and trust them completely with our pooch!
My friends and I went to Nate's on a Friday night at about 9:00pm. Service was awful. We sat on the patio and waited about ten minutes for a waiter. When we asked another waitress for our bill because our guy  disappeared, she was rude. Not going back.
Tis good.  Very unique food.  I love the bread, it's unique.  You definitely will be full when you leave.  They also have ginger soda which is amazing.
This outlet SUCKS.  The only store worth visiting is the Nike Outlet.  That's it.  Don't waste your time here.
Want a gym without the loud grunts, over achievers and guys that never saw a mirror they didn't like, then this place is for you!\n\nI can actually get a workout without some nut job trying to talk to me. Clean, friendly and exactly the necessities you need for a great workout!
Okay, brought my hubby here to try and he loved the #35.  He did say pastrami one would be good. Carol also made some amazing potato soup that was the best I had especially on this cold day. Hopefully they keep making it!
I have been here a couple of times and always like what I get. The salmon is really nice.
We dropped the car off and got an estimate of about $900 for the repair which I approved. The next day they called and let me know that the issue was not as bad as initially thought and it ended up being $260 including an oil change. The honesty of CARS is refreshing! I can recommend them without any reservation!
Sonny's: The Birthplace of Bad Ideas. \n\nI walked in and immediately knew this bar was for me. However, I'm an alcoholic. \n\nDon't get the shots. Smallest pour in Pittsburgh, probably to keep the locals under control.
What a great thrift store. Super friendly service. The gal who checked out my sale didn't mind wrapping up the 30+ plates I bought and was very genuine in her kindness while making small talk. Prices are the same as the East side location (aka: very reasonable). Thrifteriffic!
I prefer Felipitos over all other fast food mexican places.. I always order the pollo asada plate after a workout with beans. Always freshly made and now as greasy as Robertos. The staff is always friendly. A regular here.
Good stuff.  Haven't had too much of the food.  Onion rings are delicious.  All beers delicious.  Good joint to grab a growler for the drive home...I mean for when you get home.
Never had a pleasant experience here in the past 6 months. Not friendly staff at all... I'm not sure what the other people that have written reviews here are talking about. I try and be friendly to people in general but these people that work here don't seem to hold these values.
Consistently exceptional. The lunch buffet is phenomenal!
Worst balsamic dressing I've ever tasted.  Lettuce is stale.  Size is insulting - I ordered a \"large\" and it's barely larger than a side salad you'd get at a fast food restaurant.  I will never go there again.
Very friendly lady that works there. Good clean place.
I like that they have Japanese bento style meals.
its a nice bowling center the lanes are nice.  The people that are here, are here to have fun.  It is good for large groups and weekly events. Beers are little high but then again you are at Red Rock.
Great restaurant. Food is excellent. Have been coming here for 6 years. My favorite dish is there chicken scaloppine . They are now part of Landry's Select Club.
Love this club!! The cirque du soleil performers were the highlight of my night! Our cocktail waitress and busser was so friendly and extremely attentive. Love them!! Def will b coming back!! :))
Delicious french bread pizza, Brooklyn Lager, free live reggae on Sunday, and all in Las Vegas...what more can you ask for?
Very attentive service, including a visit from the chef. The tasting menus - meat and vegetarian - were both delicious. One negative - our table next to the window was a bit cold due to the large windows. But overall, highly recommended.
Excellent service! Good Irish good, not to Americanized. Great choice of beers and its next door to the Guinness store! Highly recommend
Very nice experience overall. Food was great, generous portions and very nice staff. Would definitely go here again if I get the chance.
Oh no, not in a heartbeat im comin back. Food and service its a 1-1. The soup I ordered was not fresh and tasty at all. Dining had this foul smell of rotten food coming from the kitchen. Sorry but it's a NO.
This place is fabulous. Wonderful coffee and a myriad of other beverages, hot and cold. Upper and lower floor, pleasant decor.
Horrible service, the manager Bryan was a complete asshole, the service alone was enough for me not to want to go back. Plenty of other auto shops around Mesa.
if ur craving mitsuken style garlic chicken...u'll be disappointed. other then that, the mochiko chicken and katsu curry was delish. next time, we're trying the fried rice.
Cool spot to see bands, but otherwise I haven't been to this bar much.  I haven't really talked to too many people at this joint, which makes me think it might be a little more hipster than I can handle.  But I'll be going back whenever bands I like play here, and the drinks are cheap.
Fantastic customer service!!! Eric is always giving advice and is passionate about  his business.
I manage a place similar to this in Philadelphia and I have to say this place is  great. Our server Luana was outstanding at her craft and is what a server at a breakfast spot should adhere to. Food was  great and the owner is a doll. Thanks for the wonderful experience.
Had to get some links taken out of a new watch, they charged $15 and it took less than 5 minutes, they even showed me how to make adjustments at home if needed. Definite repeat customer.
They delivered the wrong couch,  called twice and went in person twice and the issue is still not resolved. Very disappointed! When I went in person I saw people standing around and not answering calls. Ridiculous!
Just go. Seriously. If you don't like it then there's probably something wrong with you. Just moved here from NYC and this place is now our go-to Mexican restaurant.
Very tasty food.  Extremely pleasant employees.  Great check-ins through the meal and the drinks didn't go dry.
They are very friendly and on a rainy cool Saturday morning, the wait wasn't long. They have a great community table where you can use the free wifi and use the 110V power strips to charge your devices.  The spinach grilled panini is 5 Stars!
Great hotel. Wonderful staff and a Fitness Center better than any I have seen at any HGI across the country. Food is good and rooms are very modern and nice with new flat screen TVs. Hotel is very new also. When In Charlotte stay here. Also near Concord Mills with great shopping and restaurants. Reasonably priced also.
I kid you not this is by far the best middle of nowhere rest stop. We've been traveling for days now and have stopped a countless rest stops with nasty bathroom. This place is totally different. The bathrooms are new and CLEAN. Not at all what you'd expect to find at a has station.
My hair looks amazing! I love my new color and cut. I can't believe I got my hair done at South Park for the amazing price. My stylist Justin did a great job. My friend was with Cassandra and she did amazing as well. The new location is pretty and clean inside. I'm definitely coming back.
I have been taking people here for 25 years. From celebrating a special occasion to taking my sons teachers there to wish them well on their retirement to taking our out of town visitors out for a Sunday brunch they will never forget- this is the place. You can't beat the view day or night.
Love this place.  Always have a good meal.   I always get the Betty boop with a side of cheesy grits.  This is the only place that I will eat the grits.  My only complaint is that they close at 4pm on Sunday.
The employees here are so freaking rude it's beyond belief. I have never seen an employee yell at a paying customer before. The hookah is pretty good, but it's not worth getting yelled at over.
The food, service, atmosphere and drinks were all 5 star!! The only reason I put a 4 star review is because the tables were sticky. Would go back in the drop of a dime!
Sooo helpful. Answered right away. Talked me through the problem, which was minor but scared me. No charge. Yay!
The atmosphere is great, very elegant, and the food is impeccable.  Have been there several times, and have never been disappointed.  Can't swear to the entire menu though, I go there for the steak, and it is wonderful.  Wine list is very nice.
The food was great. The view is phenomenal
Great customer service & great rates! We switched our car & homeowners insurance to Az Insurance . They were quick to respond with quotes & information on all of their services & saved us a great deal of money on our policies!
Three words, Thai Yoga Massage. Wonderful experience. Staff was friendly and courteous and the locale itself is just lovely.  Four stars not five is because I was expecting a different sort of  Thai yoga massage. =p Nevertheless it was a fantastic experience.
I love this place. Best Teriyaki in the Valley. Big serving size, awesome rice, good chicken, perfect sauce. I've hunted for Teriyaki like this for years. Must try!
My husband and I consider this our romantic date night spot:) Great food and drinks every time, and we've been loyal customers for almost 8 years! Love Nora's!
This place is amazing.  Topless diner heaven.  Highly recommended for male and female.  Good food good service.
Awesome brunch with a bloody mary bar (the best I've ever seen). Also, great deserts and cocktails.
Food taste good.  Portion is very small.  There is almost no service but charge 18% tip - this is not right!!!
4 stars for cheap pai gow tables.  $10 minimum bet is way better than $50!\n\nGreat \"outside\" eating area with a bunch of food places on a New York-esque street.  The food is cheaper here.
High quality place; very comfortable range, shopping environment. Shot on both the long rife side and pistol sides of the range.
the worst chinese food ever!!! also worst customer service. all food i order has no taste.. if i can only give -0 review  i will
Have been there twice, with Kat both times. She does a great job, explains what she is doing, and makes sure to point out what she is using in your hair. The MVP experience is nice, which I have had twice. No appointments so if that i what you like, won't find it here.
Best Pho hands down, Boba bar has a good selection. Very clean too!
I tried them for first time at The Taste of Paradise.  Food truck creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e--brilliant.
Amazing sunday brunch. First time I dined they had short ribs on the buffet and they were mouth watering delicious. Went back the next weekend just for them, however they rotate some of their buffet items. \n\nThe food is very fresh, clean and high quality. Highly recommend!
Be prepared to laugh for 1 1/2 hours.  A VERY good time.
epic thai madness\n\nWins: deep fried whole lobster, green curry, riesling. \nFails: none
Swimming Pool Butler is by far the best company to use for all pool services!  Everyone I have dealt with at the company has been great and easy to work with.  I've been using them for a year and they do an excellent job of cleaning my pool as well as repairs.  I would recommend them to anyone I know!
This neighborhood bar and grill has grown to be an excellent destination.  we love riding our bikes up here for the $5 pitchers of what ever is on draft.  Brian does a fantastic job of remembering us each time we come in.
We were just here for drinks, but they were some damn good drinks!! I'm not even a margarita person, but the pineapple infused tequila... YUM! You can tell that the ingredients are fresh, and the service was fantastic. Shout out to Alex--he was a great bartender!
Very yummy.  Great for vegetarians and non alike.
Weak donuts!  My 13 yr old son only took a few bites of his apple fritter before saying \"this is gross\" & discarding it.  I got the donut holes & they were average at best.  Wouldn't go back, even for a free dozen.
Wonderful lunch at Ciao! Wife and I both had Wild Boar Meatballs! Delicious! Service was excellent.
I just purchased a groupon for a manicure for my girlfriend, when she gets there to make an appointment there is a handwritten sign on the door stating that they are not accepting groupons and to not come in and bother the stylists. I cannot believe how rude that sign is. I took a picture and will never send anyone there.
I'm not surprised a state known for making good cheese can make good ice-cream. That's really all I have to say. This place is local, and it's dairy in a cheese state, and I love cookies and cream. They had AMAZING cookies and cream.
I should ask for my money back, as the only thing that was great to eat was the pizza, which at $50 a head should be a little more than that.  Very disappointed.
Outside Bartender Mike was all smiles that pulled us to his bar. Nuce guy full of Aloha anf fun to talk to.
Food was ok, service was awful....server kept leaving the restaurant probably for some extra curricular activities.  We had to flag down the manager to get our check. Save your time and a lot of money and go somewhere else.
Runny salsa, weird \"ketchupy\" ceviche, and bland shredded pork tacos. I won't be back for a second time.
Small plate with so few food on it. And plus, they gave me a cheap to go cup for my drink saying they ran out of clean cups, while giving the table with a bunch of frat guys next to me regular cups. What the heck???? Really discriminative. Never ever go there again.
Great food, whatever u desire out of a mexican resturaunt.
checked into the Luxor at 1:30 am and needed a cocktail after a long journey.  We were treated great while using our first gambling dollars before going to sleep.
Fehgedaboudit.  Ordered large shrimp and they served me what looked & tasted like bread or batter in the shape of large shrimp.
I got the fat greek gyro. It was pretty good. The flavor of the meat was excellent and was cooked very well.
This place was cool.\n\nWe went here cuz we were staying at the MGM where 54 is located.\n\nIt was fun and there was no hassle.\n\nIt is a smaller, older club but its a cool joint.\n\nI recommend this place.  Simple and good.
I try good barbers everywhere I go and I have to say this was one of the best. Mickaiel (sp?) was a great barber, clean shave and cut.... Ready for another day!
I really like coming to this Ross versus the other Ross stores around. Everything is organized and clean. The only complaint is I wish it had a bigger jewelry display like the other stores. Every other store I have been too have huge cases of jewelry but this place is tiny. Oh well! Still love how clean and not cramped it is!
The shrimp here was average. I went with a healthier option on the menu and did not get my shrimp fried, I got the kabobs. There was nothing special about the dish BUT the shrimp were cooked properly. I would go back here and try something different. Also great decor from Forest Gump!!!
Mushrooms and stetson salad are a must any time visiting AZ!  Great food, wine, and atmosphere!  Top 5 in AZ!
Very clean, great for kids to see, never thought we can go in for free if you are a platnium vip players club. that was a good thing.
Just an update to this review:  FATBURGER   \"NEVER\"  replied to my email I sent to them about our experience!!!   Some customer service huh??????
Great place to hang out for a few beers and some pool, darts or fooseball. Jake is an awesome bartender making the experience even better. It's great for bigger groups and the owner came around to say hi too, very nice guy. Didn't try the food but the Goose Island IPA is great.
Awful. Cucumbers in salad were rotten. Wings cooked so hard the bones broke. Floors and tables nasty. Size of portions inconsistent. Not that you wanted more.
We ordered our stuff and waited 10 mins. My food came up and we finished. Have to wait for another 15 mins for my wife's order. By the time we got her food the table came in much after us already got all the food.
This place should change its name to Via De Los Banos. Pull up a chair and prepare to swat flies away from your plate!
Good place for vegetarians, the veggie bowl is good solid food.
Great beer selection! Great food! Gotta try the ipa beer flight! Must have. Apps are good and filling!
Ate here for the first time, very impressed, let the chef chose and we were very pleased with the taste, selection and presentation.  Will be back!
0 Stars if we could.  BED BUGS, Mold, blood on the floor for over 24 hours by ice machine, elevator doors would not open or close all the way.  The front desk was rude and of no help when we found the bed bugs.  The place should be shut down.  It is not safe for the workers or visitors.
Terrible service, terrible food. \"If you've had one drink you aren't allowed in our establishment\" that's what a bouncer said. don't waste your time here unless you are sober
We tried to order lunch special ,we miss the 3:00 dead line by 5 minutes then the lady was rude about it  will never go there again
I went to see this with my brother on our last day in Vegas because it was the only show we could get in before our flight.  The show was pretty good & not what I expected.  Don't pay full price for the tickets though because you can get them for about half of at the ticket booths you see along the street.
Went there yesterday for the first time, and was amazed!  In the beginning, after we ordered appetizers, they were slow coming back, but after that, it was great! Service was great. Staff was friendly and attentive, the sushi was excellent, and the AYCE price was Great!!
I used to always come and get work done. It's been about a month Now it's under new management by a older gentlemen and he has No Customer service, he is always rude and seems to be in a bad mood.
Great friendly service... But the burger was horrible!! I had one bite and had to spit it out!!! Wow... Disgusting!!! At least... The waitress was nice!! I wish there was a way I could choose zero stars!!
Best fries I've had in a while!! What a wonderful concept. The sauces were flavorful, the fries were big and crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, and the service was great. I will definitely be back! (Just asking for more open hours!!!)
Nice crepes. We ordered the souffle berry mix.  Not too sweet,  but just right.  Cream and berries were very fresh.  Good sharing portion if your not too hungry.  People love to stand and take pics next to the amazing chocolate fountains.
The best Carne ASada and the best Al Pastor that you will find. Top notch food in a dive restaurant.\n\nDon't miss it!
Ordered my pizza online and went to pick it up and they put the wrong toppings on it and I said it was the wrong topping and the guy acted like I was an idiot and didn't know what I was doing. I usually eat dominos but we wanted something different. Prob won't go back here for a while.
I'm not new to working out just trying a different gym. Constant shit talking and if I don't like and listen to everything he says on Facebook I'm out. I joined a gym not Facebook.
\"Off the chain\"\nSuper fun dancing til dawn ! Nice peeps that go & work there . This place is a mandatory stop each Vegas visit !
I used A&B to take care of my office. Ryan was very friendly, helpful, and knowlagable. He re-keyed every door inour office, installed a deadbolt, and fixed my front door in a very reasonable amount of time and he cleaned up after he was done. 5 stars.
Really enjoyed dinner at SumoMaya...very innovative design & quite -\ncreative entrees.  Alittle expensive, but really worth the price.  Hope fellow\nyelpers will give it a try.
Nails looked great, however, customer service is definitely lacking. I asked the technician what color the nail polish number was and he wrote down on the business card \"Im not really a waitress\" - cool! I'm not really a customer :-(
The hotel was very clean and great service! The housekeeping was extremely attentive. It wasnt even that expensive. Loved the goose down comforter. I did not want to get out of my bed during my vacation =) I will be staying at MGM again!! MOST DEFINITELY
Went in for fish. All of their tanks were dirty and the staff ignored me. As in, they seemed to go out of their way not to talk to me even after I was standing there for over five minutes. Finally just walked out. I'll pass in the future. Thanks.
This is the worst hotel in Vegas & maybe the world \nWe booked a room for four people with four bed .. When we arrived there is just a living room  .. And a kitchen just. \nSooooo baaaaad ..
Off the chain!  This is the only place I have ever picked up the bowl to finish the pho. Nuff said.
i figured it out, Young people especially kids and teens have no frigging taste buds, cardboard garbage, but as I looked around all the kids and teens were dogging it out going back for more and having so much fun.. I just dont get it....No taste buds
Stopped in last night on way back from Case Grande historic site. Glad we did. After a beer and a moonshine flight we ordered what turned out to be very good food.  Erica was an awesome server too!  Nice place which we will return to.
This place was amazing! Impeccable timing out to order to table time with hot fresh is housed. The sauces are awesome. The ambiance is clean cannot say enough good things amazing specials lunch is only $5.99 with the drinks which is also just awesome!
Gave this place a call and whoever answered the phone gave me this attitude. Reminder, it's a business you are doing so act a little professional.
Nasty. Overrated. Threw the crap out ASAP!\nP.S. As I was asking the server a question, I could see her saliva fall onto my bagel. One side of the bagel was over-burnt for both pieces.
Tip for oreganos staff: don't make your customer wait an hour and a half for their order and then get it wrong!!! Thanks for ruining our evening
Hertz is horrible at this location. As a frequent traveler car return was a joke. 20 people waiting no one  checking in cars. After waiting 15 minutes I got disgusted and left. They charge more and there is no excuse for wasting 20 minutes of my time when on a flight schedule. So much for hertz \"trying harder\"
The chicken was dry & very salty. The waffles were fairly bland. The service was lousy too. If you love salty, sugary, high saturated fat items you may enjoy this restaurant. I'd prefer to clogg my arteries else where, thank you!
Bought a groupon since my favorite (cobblestone auto spa) hasn't had a groupon in a while. I did not like the experience and they should call themselves a car dirtier because I feel my car was more dirty than when I brought it in.
I really wish these stores would be available everywhere...but then they wouldn't be as special, right? I bought a few scarves here that will jazz up my outfits throughout the entire year at $10 each. $10!! And the quality isn't that bad. Great place for cute accessories that will not dent your wallet.
Daughter loves the windmill. I love it isn't super crowded and has great shade
5 Star Food and Service ! Close your eyes and you are back in Detroit enjoying a fantastic coney dog or a smothered hamburger, don't forget the fresh fries and drinks from Detroit.
We got an email notice 24 hours before our concert date that it was cancelled -- no explanation, no help in getting tickets to other shows.We bought the tickets months in advance, and when we received the cancellation notice, it was really too late to get decent seats to another show. I'll never try to go see Celine in concert again.
I wouldn't eat here if it were the last food place in Charlotte. They have burnt broccoli. They also have a lack of good customer service. Oh not to mention how slow they are when you are waiting for your order. Don't waste your time!
The place was awesome. Had a great lunch. Krystle was great, Erin provided good prompt service. The food suggestions were very good and we enjoyed our meal. Will be coming back.
A nice alternative to Panera in my area, I really enjoyed to quick service and good little salad and sandwich here. The cookie they give you with combos is what pushes it from 3 to 4 stars!  : )
I go here for one reason: Wheatgrass shots. \n\nThey make em fast, they don't grumble when you want a 4 oz shot, and they serve you with a smile. \n\nWhat more do you need?
Favorite Mexican food in Phoenix, Arizona hands down.
Long wait ok service good thing they have the ultimate feast otherwise I would never come:
The food was disgusting and the service is one the worst. We went during lunch time and it was like 7.99 but man, even with the cheap price comes with cheap ass food. The only good thing was the french fries and the soda -.-
Beer! Free parking! Great place to have some good brew. Great bar food.
Recently Moved to Camden Road in the old American Apparel spot!  Good Move!
Modern Burger at the airport! Great breakfast burger.\n\nThis was a quick grab-n-go run, I really liked the breakfast burger. You'll pay more than you think you should, but no more than other airport food and it's way better tasting.
Great for a cheap burger fries and beer.  Friendly quick staff. Check for a groupon deals. Large outdoor area with lots of flat screen TVs.
I have been seeing Dr Patel for 4 years. She and her staff are very professional, knowledgeable and compassionate. Dr Patel is brilliant, probably the best dentist I have ever worked with. Their customer service is second to none.
am a fan.
Wow u ppl please never ever go and shop at this plc ever! They lied to me and were the rudest any plc can be,  I can not even go over the story with u frieands but please do u a fav and DO NOT SHOP there!
Food was great especially the clam chowder. Ambiance is nice but the music was a little too loud for my taste. Staff was nice. I might come back for happy hour instead since it's kind of on the pricey side.
Alli is awesome! she has been doing my hair now for about a year and a half! I drive from north phoenix to see her and she always gets me in when needed. every haircut is better than the last!!
A great experience, great driver. On time - text alert for ETA very reasonably priced
This place is so good my mouth waters thinking about it. Everything is always so fresh and exceeds my standards for a fast food burger by a lot. I always get the charbroiled chicken club and the zucchini is to die for!!
I had dinner here for the third time last week and it was awesome.  The bone-in ribeye was the best steak that I have ever eaten and the mashed potatoes were great.  This is a fun, upscale Vegas restaurant that I would definitely recommend.
Bar food at it's finest in the westside of Las Vegas!!! Chef's Brian and Lonnie are great and barstaff and waitstaff are too fantastic too!! Best pattymelt in town!!! if in the area check them out!!
This is my favorite gym out of all the 24 hr fitness in Las Vegas. It's very clean and newer than the other locations. I've been instructing here for two years and absolutely love the members. Very nice!
Sorry but who ever designed the order at one end pay at the other end and fight though all the people waiting in line to pickup your order in the middle is brainless and as stupid as your pizza is greasy
This place is fairly new and still getting the word out. The atmosphere is very nice with a great sound system and visual displays. In addition, there is plenty of space and seating (yes, not just VIP) people. It is definitely worth checking out if you want something different in Scottsdale.
Definitely not what it use to be. Drais in Hollywood is 100 x's better and more exclusive then this location.
Like peanut butter? Get the Kare Kare!
Erin es gordo.  Amazing tacos at $2 a pop makes this a must visit when in vegas. I tried the spicy pork, the beef shoulder and the steak with all the fixings.  The meat is tender, the topping are perfect (different salsas depending on the meat) and the price can't be beat.
5 stars for the dark haired man working the cash register. I'd buy a truckload of burgers and fries from him any day. I don't think he would fit in my take out bag.\n\nYes, great restaurant....excellent service, clean & organized restaurant, and great tasting food!
I love this artsy fartsy Cirque du Solei about dreams.  It's a fabulous show centered around water.
the Californian omlet is MUST.  I have a hate love relationship with Sunrise - the staff is always in such a downer - especially the guys - especially the largest guy, so bad. the food is great here though. wish they offered english muffins
My girlfriend suggested we try this place and it was an incredible experience!!  This is a very fun and entertaining place to dine, the meats were very good and the service is off the charts. We are Las Vegas locals and we'll be back to this place.
Wonderful space. I cannot believe it is free. It is truly a gem of Madison. The history and story behind the Thai Pavilion is remarkable and it's a can't miss. Just keep your grubby little paws off of it if you want it to stick around...
Amazing service!  These Gentlemen are ON POINT!!  Eric and Mark are the most helpful, honest, and considerate people I've met in Sin City!! Thank you guys!
bed bug on beds. you will feel it next day. and the cleaning lady comes at 8am and never knock the door, she found me naked no once twice. even after y told the manager.\ndon't stay here there are better places in Urbana. IL
Took my mothers here for lunch. For the most part it was quite. Food was amazing of course! We shared a few appetizers and had a few laughs.
Great vibe, free wifi, good coffee and outstanding customer service. I'll be back next time I'm in town.
I've recently started to enjoy sushi within the past 2 years and Shibuya was one of my top 3 best places I've been to for sushi. Our server was so nice, food was super fresh and sooooo good!! Great cocktails and service.
I come here every time I go to Vegas, normally more then once in my trip. The sushi is amazing along with the staff.
Dr. Rumman is NOT a helpful doctor, and she doesn't answer all my questions. Her whole attitude at the hospital seemed arrogant and least understanding.
Bradbury's is adorable in many ways and I wholeheartedly recommend spending your money and your time at this family-operated establishment.  The crepes are delicate and superb and the coffee is excellent.  You can just feel how much the owners love this place and have made it theirs.
The nicest and freshest, fresh and easy in the state. \n\nI drive out of my way to go specifically to this one.  \n\nEven if they're having a bad day, you could not tell, always willing to lend a helping hand! Thanks
Foods always cold. Employees act abused the managers don't seem to enforce anything. I feel obligated to tip these poor employees to make up for their substantial wages. Don't go to this sonic, out of the others I've been to its possible that there business plan works but this shop is a lost cause.
Great surprise for me and my business partner.\nPeople are cool and service was impeccable.\nFood followed the good experience we had since arrival and a place to go i you're looking for a nice combination of dining and ambient.
Delicious... Try this place for great and friendly service. Ofcourse amazing yummy baked goods. Maccaroons are great, quiches and sanwhiches must try. We will be back often
Its a scam!! They rise ur insurance rates without telling u claiming they can get a deal but all goes in there pocket the whole time ur paying...watch out az for all auto glass is the same...a lil crack cost u a thousand in fees!! Beware!!
Astonishingly terrible. Gordon Ramsay would be pissed. We had taquitos that were far worse than the taquitos I have purchased from Costco and microwaved myself. Also a turkey wrap, which somehow arrived dripping in grease and filled with hot-lettuce. Straight up gross.
Kim-chi burger was awesome!
One of the best gyro places in Arizona!  Large, flavorful, hot, fresh portions with fabulous tzatziki sauce!!
This is where I started vaping in June 2012 at the original store love that they are close now I haven't found better ejuice any where I really love you guys
Love this place.  Gilbert has some great food and Flancers is one of the best.  We have tried 7 different sandwiches and love them all.  Our favorite being the chicken sandwiches.  Not fancy, but just great food and service.
Disgusting greasy breakfast and very rude owner. I will never be back and I see why there is not a duke here, no repeat business.
Monday evening happy hour in bar and on patio...great drinks & small plates.\nTerrific service and value!
Awesome and delicious burgers! Great customer service and a nice casually place to dine!
Friendly staff, fun fans, and an overall fun atmosphere. Get here to watch practice and not pay for parking. Go walk across the street for lunch and come back to watch a game. For us cold weather folks sun, beer, and fun. Fun way to earn up our bones.
16$ for two sprites out of the fountain?!?!? Never again! And im a local bartender!! Never heard of not even in New York !
These people know how to bring the flavor!  Calamari was exquisite as well as the seafood soup. If you don't like spicy be sure to let them know! I asked for drunken noodles ( not on the menu and they had no problem making it for me.
Fun as a dive bar gets!! The bartenders are always nice and fast and their music machine is awesome, usually slow on the weekdays and we tend not to go in on the weekends because its loud and they have a hip hopish DJ and play a lot of spanish music
Was skeptical at first, but tried it out and found it to be very tasty and affordable. Pizzas came quick too.
Helpful customer service folks and even extra people on duty when the ATM was down.  If only the real estate aspect of Chase was as good as the banking side.
The food is solid and the atmosphere is perfect for a romantic dinner or a corporate dinner.  Servers are knowledgeable about the food and wine.\n\nNot much needs to be said about this place.  Decent price for the high quality food.
This restaurant was delicious!  I just forgot to review it immediately, so the details are a little hazy.  I do remember the butternut squash ravioli in a white cream sauce, and it was amazing.  Matter of fact, I don't recall being disappointed with ANYTHING that we ordered.
Worst room ever so far in my life. We paid $100/- night and still got the lowest floor (5th) n wall facing view. Horrible experience during check-in. I will NOT suggest or Recommend anyone this hotel.
This place is awesome...great portions!!!  I simply love everything on that menu...What is great are the bottles of sauces that are for sale there...each one has a different kick!!!  I recommend this 110% !!!!
Just great, authentic street tacos and other mexican dishes.  We love this little place and how it is set up in the middle of a small indoor mall.  Not only is the food great, but the service is excellent.  The next best thing to driving down to Rocky Point!
After discovering this bakery on our last trip, it was imperative that I make a stop on our first morning in town for an apple fritter.  It is priced the same, just as large and, most importantly, just as delicious.
Yum Yum Yum. If you get a chance you gotta try there spankapito. Great place!
The owners are fantastic.  They are located in a first class shopping center  facility that you can tell is run by professionals and the exterior sign is superb.
They must be joking that this is supposed to be the best steak house in the country.  My $58 steak was over cooked and flavorless - I have had more tender beef jerkey!
Front / outside under construction but get to the back/ outdoor bar. Not too many TVs there but it is more relaxed than the \"we are trying too hard to be an Irish pub\" feel attracting the masses to the main part of this bar. Food is good. Loved Cameron the bartender. Friendly, attentive, good guy.
My husband and I waited in line at the Michicgan Ave. in Chicago and we thought it was amazing! So we had to stop at the one in Vegas. No waiting and we got our fix!! Def a stop on all our Vegas trips from now on.
Three of us came in and were seated together for pedicures within ten minutes on a Friday night. Service was good and the ladies and gentleman were friendly!  The two ladies I was with got gel manicures which were also done well.
The veggie chili is really yummy. They also have fantastic salads.  Very good happy hour and nice servers.
Fast Cheap and very professional \n5 star with no comments
Firefly is amazing - from the food to the drinks, to the great ambiance and fantastic service. Manny G came up with a fantastic mojito not even on menu - strawberry, cranberry, and malibu! The place is easily in my all-time favorite Vegas places and I can't wait to go back.
Chile verde was awesome - really awesome.  Pancakes and eggs were both reliable. Potatoes were yummy. No cappucino, only coffee, but good coffee.  We had to wait for some time on a Sunday morning, but I would wait again.
Super good! Great service!
I love this place! The koolaid is wonderful and the catfish is to die for! However, it does take a long time to get your good!
Yummy Oxtail pho and lobster fried rice! Hidden spot
Pretzel Reuben was very tasty, would highly recommend.   Had the sandwich with an orange wit brew.
A most AMAZING find! Delicious homemade food an pastries! Lindsay and Debbie are fabulous and the atmosphere is crisp, clean and airy. Had a breakfast sandwich and yummy coffee; even picked up an oatmeal pie for my room mate!
The wisco is actually the only place that I feel at home. Anyone that says otherwise is actually not mentally capable of having fun. They have excellent burgers and beers. Try it out or die lonely.
Had my care in for service and Joe was amazing,  thank for the great service
Great food! The service was fantastic as well. I'm proud to say I'm a Vegas local and I absolutely love my city. This place made me fall in love all over again. :) I will be back soon.
The food and beer selection at this place are both fantastic. I give it a 4 out of five because of the noise level and our absentee waitress. If you're looking for good brews and sports this is your place.
There's nothing like a cool treat on a hot day when you're feeling all jet-laggy!  M-m-m-m-m-m...mint chocolate chip Italian ice!
Got seated as soon as we entered. \nThen waited, waited, and waited...\nAfter 15 mins of not having anyone notice we were there, nobody came to ask us for drinks or anything, we got up and walked out. \n\nThe worst part...the restaurant was like half full!
We have gone here a couple times and competely enjoyed it! Everything has a flavorful & interesting spin on traditional Mexican food. I definitely suggest eating family style. Share tacos, The spicy pork rub is amazing, try the melted queso, even the simple fried plantains were tasty!
Awesome job.  Very fast response time via email.  Inquired on a Sunday night they were at my doorstep on Tuesday morning.  Very friendly / fast service.  I would recommend to anyone.
Crepes are overpriced and disgusting.  It was like $9 for a crepe that was filled with nothing.  Service was non-existant.
Friendy, clean, food is really good.
My family and I were excited to come here for dinner.    Unfortunately, the food doesn't measure up to Emeril's name.  Most of the food we ordered was bland, no taste at all!  Such a disappointment....
Great place, nice people, superb service!
good food, lots of options, service can be awkward at times and our meal came out way too fast but overall prices and tastes are great!
5 time Super Bowl champs.
Best express service in town. The employees only suggest needed services and always take great care of everyone. The new car wash will be running next week, I can't wait to try it!
Great experience! Sara is fantastic! I had two iPads repaired and she did a wonderful job. Her communication throughout the process was much appreciated... I always knew what to expect. Highly recommend this place!
I go here everytime I get my nails done. it's very peaceful inside and they have a wide selection of nail designs to choose from. they are all very friendly staff as well.  \nthe prices are also pretty average.
Simple, but homemade.  Good people watching.  Prices cheap.  I took my family on Spring Break, 2013.  It was their first trip and they were impressed.  I see why people rave!
I'd leave 0 stars if possible. HORRIBLE service. Nobody working. Huge line and a general attitude of \"I don't give a crap\" from the supervisor. Avoid at all costs.
I have been trying to close my card for 2 days and I keep getting the run around.  Terrible customer service, terrible website, too many fees and I was never late with any payments.  Shop around more...do not apply for this card.
Great pizza fresh ingredients.   The pineapple is the best pineapple ever.  Home made salad dressings.  Never disappointed!
Paid $10 for honey walnut shrimp entree.  Opened the box and it was filled half way. I was notified that my option would cost $5 more for the entree, not that I would also receive half the amount.
Awesome place to hang out. The location is great for \"people watching\" on the strip if you sit on the deck. Billy, Vlad & Kevin are amazing bartenders & very entertaining too. They keep everyone served quickly. Great place to have a fun time!
You pay 5 bucks for a cup of coffee you are expecting a certain level of quality.  It's coffee not to complicated.  Over the last 3 days this place has proven it makes crap coffee. It's very dirty.
REALLY GREAT!!!! Everything was awesome. The only issue I have is that there is a long wait to get food, but that should tell you something.
It is the best restaurant that I have ever eaten at!They have the best house salad! The service was excellent! The waitress was so friendly and helpful .They have the best soup I have ever tasted!had a  great time!
Don't waste your time or money, this place sucks big time.  Tasteless food, shotty service. I would never go back!
Favorite hotel!! Always stay there when I go to the strip! Great view and location. Service is ok.  But I love the miracle mile IOVE PLANET HOLLYWOOD!
Best donuts anywhere. Krispy Kreme has nothing on this place.
You can't go wrong with Pho Kim Long. Morning , noon, or all night! Quality food, fast service, and friendly environment.  Order anything. It'll be above average.
I bought a van on eBay, worst dealer I have ever dealt with. It appears others feel the same, you would be better off with a plumber working on your car. They would not fix what there staff screwed up. Your better off if they don't work on your car.
It's cheap, it's delicious, and it's delicious. Also, it's delicious. I can't really elaborate beyond these points, but if you're a Phoenix native, you must go here for tacos. Simply must.\n\nAlso, try the memelitas! :D
By far, best Indian food anywhere. We drive from fountain hills to come here. Staff is friendly and knowledgable. Lamb, lamb, lamb and more lamb. Try the curry, saag, and vindaloo. Try them all.
Great pizza! Not the best in town but great. Service was slow in the beginning but picked up when we got our food. Also, loved that they serve local brews!
Lobster. Grilled. Cheese.  That is all.
Eww!  That's all I can say about this meal this evening.  We have never have had a bad meal here, however, tonight was an exception.  What bothered us most was the waiter acted like our complaint was a personal attack against him.  Maybe I should be complaining to the management about the customer service, instead.
The urgent care here is ridiculous!! Waited for over a hour and  a half just to see the nurse practitioner who was only in here for 5 minutes tops. I wouldn't have come here but this was the only urgent care open on Sunday.
Worst hotel ever. There was mold in our shower and it took them over an hour to come and clean it. Didn't offer any sort of compensation or anything. I will never stay here again.
I took my sister in law here on New Years Eve and it was wonderful!! We were there til close, never felt rushed and had great service! It's over 2 weeks and my shellac manicure is still perfect (grown out but not 1 chip!). They were all friendly, kind and prices are relatively inexpensive!  Thank you!
Outstanding place to eat.  Very affordable and far better than Subway.  Quiet and relaxed atmosphere.
Great food!  Blood Mary Bar.  done.
I went here because all my friends were peeing their pants about how good it is. Wrong.  The slow (perhaps retarted) staff with no customer service, alongside the barely mediocre tasting pizza both contributed to my disdain for this awful eatery. Fuck it...stick to Slices.
I love everything about Black Angus. The steaks are great, bread is amazing, and the campfire meal for 2 is a great deal. They also have anniversary Moscow Mule cups for only $7.00!
Good egg rolls, peppered beef, sweet and sour pork, orange chicken. Cream cheese puff was greasy and lacked flavor. Price was not to shabby. Not many options, but what they have hits the spot. My pal suggests going at diner vs lunch.
Worst chorizo I have ever tasted... Never again!!! I ordered the Arizona omelet and it was covered in \"ranchero\" sauce that had the worst flavor. I will never be back.
Love the crew at this location!  Awesome drinks, awesome service!  =)
The service here is friendly and efficient, the food fresh with a number of vegetarian options and the prices very reasonable. The $9 glass of sauvignon Blanc was very good.
Really good bubble tea (best i had so far in Montreal)! Also tried the taiwanese beef pancakes and the popcorn. Both were delicious. Would recommend! (Y)
Very trustworthy business. I've used their services multiple times now and trust Joel enough to leave and go to work without concern for my home.
Came here for our anniversary and cannot say enough. Service was excellent and food was absolutely amazing! I have had Indian food all over the world and I have to say this was the best I've had. Highly recommend this restaurant , the service, ambiance and food are well above par!
Richard was our server, fantastic young man and a master of his craft. The food was delicious+.  They deserve nothing short of 5 stars for both service and food preparation.
This place was terrible. The pictures I saw on yelp did not match what was on the menu and the staff was awful. To top it off screaming kids and you can't even have a mimosa with your brunch.
Was a great flight both to and from....the service was great and we had no issues. The flights were on time and actually got us to our destinations early.....I can't wait for our next flight to Hawaii and I will rent their awesome in flight entertainment machine saw two great movies last time!
Course is a dumpy 9 hole.  But, you get to play golf at night on the Vegas strip.  That alone makes it an awesome place to play.  I go back every time I am in Vegas, at least twice a year.  Always a good time.
Unfortunately, this administrative fee will prevent me from ever going back.  It's sad b/c I feel the care was really great.
A nice inexpensive place for in between the expensive restaurants. :)
Been to multitude of nail places my First time here and I loved it, service was quick, offered water while you wait, clean and had like a zillion nail color choices. Decided on gel manicure, Tom was my tech and he did an amazing job.
Note:  I only get Pad See Ew at Thai restaurants....\n\nDecent Pad See Ew.  No complaints - if you ask for it spicy they make it HOT.  Be careful with that.  Service is always good, I'm a fan.
when I got there today, no service at the drive through... I waited and someone speaks Spanish to me on the microphone,,! I am American! they couldn't understand enough English to take my order so I drove off..
This hospital is horrible. Don't go here. They did nothing for my daughter. I agree with the other bad reviews. It's old, smelly and dirty. The staff could care less about you. It's a revolving door.
Just an update on my favorite local casino. They have now added a smoker out back and they are making the best smoked meats! Tried a smoked brisket sandwich yesterday at their cafe and it was so tender and seasoned perfect. So barbeque lovers be sure to check it out. Prices are good too.
I've eaten good steaks all over, and this was the absolute best! Donovan's in San Diego has been dethroned. The sides were just ok, but I have a new \"best\" by which to measure.
Good food, mostly good service. I've only had one mediocre experience with the staff.  Other than that they have a\ngood selection of food and reasonable prices. The pancake flights are amazing
One star just because the coffee and potatoes are good.  They use fake eggs that are not good and have poor portions for the money, the veggies were cold on the top of the eggs and all around I'm not impressed with the cleanliness or food.
Good biscuits and gravy and pretty good omelettes.  The ranch potatoes weren't very good, not sure if the hashbrowns are better.  Either way it's a good breakfast for the price.
there almost every morning, they know my order when I pull up I can be in and out in mins even if the line is long they have runners getting orders so it goes really fast, great coffee great people, thanks!
Love, love, love......the bar chef was awesome I listen to his suggestions and order it, it was a very nice surprise every cent was so worth it!
One of my favorite places in Central Phoenix. The 5 dollar wine by the glass can't be beat with an order of any of the bruchettas. Perfect for lunch or a light dinner with great friends.
Great food! First time coming here and the owner greeted us at the door and made us feel very comfortable. Great variety and the price was on point! Would recommend to anyone.
Horrible service waited for a table for 30 after being told 5 min. Waitress seating people removed us from list without calling our name. Sit down and still no service have to flag down a waiter to be told it isn't their section   Never coming back
Great driving range chipping area could be expanded. Putting green very good. Course was tough. Play it only u hit straight. I hit quite a few from the desert.
Love this place! Great food, great staff!!!
Wow. That was a damn tasty cheeseburger. Get the fry sauce on the side for dunking fries. Super nice people there as well!
Horrible. I don't even see how you people can think its good? I had once piece of California maki and almost puked. Their soups have no flavor and over priced one word horrid!
DO NOT GO ON THIS RIDE.  It is extremely rough and knocks you around too much to even enjoy the ride. I neck and shoulders have hurt for 4 days.
I don't think they should be calling this place Istanbul Cafe, there is nothing Turkish about it! The name is so deceiving...
Noodles were disgusting. Like spiced top ramen. They ruined everything. Anything they touched. Teriyaki chicken was nothing special. Sesame chicken had a bone in it. Drinks are way overpriced. Egg drop soup alright. There's a reason there's no line for this establishment.
This is the worst place ever for Chinese food. My boyfriend who is full Chinese couldn't even stomach more than four bites. The food was worse than Americanized Chinese. It smelled bad, tasted like greasy feet, and was just not fresh or hot. The price is cheap but I guess you get what you pay for.
A nice surprise.   A good deal for a family.\n\nReasonably priced, good food with nice views of the flowers inside the Bellagio's garden.   \n\nMeatloaf, pulled-pork, and salmon burger were all great.
the crust is the best and i prefer to make my own pizza combinations as some on the menu are a bit non traditional for my taste.  the place tends to be loud however on weekends
First time there and I really enjoyed Jacs!  Great food and great selection of craft beers and wine.  Very friendly staff as well.
Stop here about 3days ago.... Love it ...  The customer service was great ... And they give me some extra bacon on the side .... Will be back soon thanks five guys for making my lunch that day
Like it here little far from the strip but nice.
So I had to update my yelp review on this place because the details were so horrible that I had to edit my post... Just know that the worst thing that could happen here actually HAPPENED !!!! I believe they are not following proper sanitizing procedures.. Be aware!
Best hookah lounge in the valley! Great music, staff, service and management! Pay a little extra and bring your own alcohol. Doesn't get much better than that. The restaurant next door (same owners) also serves some of the best gyro in town!
Favourite Thai place in Vegas!
I took 8 items to Bell Auto after being recommended to them by a friend. Needless to say, I ended up getting a refund after returning 6 of the original 8 items because the work was incorrect. I will not return nor will I refer them for upholstery work.
I almost always find something good here.  Today a yoga type wrap top to wear over leggings to pilates, last time a BCBG maxi dress.  Not nearly as high end as My Sister's Closet but definitely on my paper route.
We purchased a half priced dinner coupon from the half price ticket booth for dinner prior to our show at the V Theater.   Service was quick.  Portions were huge, and we could not finish our meals.  We were able to get in and out quickly and were fully satisfied - nachos, wedge salad, and congee.
I have never been to one of these chains before.  So stopped in for lunch to pick up a salad to go.  A plethora of options for salads, which is the point of a salad buffet.  Decent price and it was super clean (always important).
The only good item in the limited menu is the short ribs. Everything else is bad to worse. Too pricy for the quality and choices, felt like a rip off.
Great food service is good. Their scotch pour is excellent. Amusing to watch the Romanian community take over the place sunday nights :)
Great burgers and fries, going to try their shakes for the first time.  They also give military discount 25% best anyother fast food place.  The BBQ is the best burger ever.
I went back tonight, it has been a while before. I had my favorite pizza a \"quattro stagioni\" and it was even better than I remember. Actually close to those I had in Italy!
I love this place ! I did some research and read reviews. So I came here and started working with Kay. She is very gentle with my sensitive nails. Kay did a very good job. I would also recommend any of the ladies for pedicures. I am so relieved to have found a place that can do a proper job.
Bad Food and Awful Service. Previously the food was good, but the service was OK..Now with the new Chef and maybe management both are bad.
Food was very good an tasted fresh! The cat fish an shrimp was amazing. I will go back!
Fantastic food, quick service, and great location. Just try it.
I have been a customer at this shop since it opened.  This is the second owner and the service and quality are excellent.  We have clothes cleaned, some washed and pressed.  Quilts and duvets washed and pressed.  Lots of alterations (hems, sleeves).  The work is great, quick, and everyone is friendly.
Walked in.  Hostess asks \"for how many?\" without looking up from phone.  I ask if they serve weekend brunch, as per their website.  Hostess says \"no\".  Still no eye contact.  Walked out.
The staff is always outgoing and willing to help, even if you're just browsing the eye candy. They have a few show pieces and historical bikes on display. The showroom is always clean and the coffee counter is a joy for a quick cup of joe.
Took my son to this shop as he needed a haircut and we are on vacation. They gave him a great haircut even included free massage and single blade neck shave. Even invited us back to stop in for a free touch up in a week or two five stars!
Found this place after a day at the New Glarus Brewery.  It was across the street from our hotel.  We were pleasantly surprised!  The food was very good!  Nice, relaxed atmosphere.  Everyone was having a good time as it was karaoke night!
Awesome food for great prices, just make sure your thorough when ordering (point to menu, pictures etc) as English isn't their first language, we received something we didn't order. \nAwesome Thai Tea, Pho, spring rolls & egg rolls. The squid wasn't great, fried, and lacked flavor.
Outstanding, authentic, creative Mexican food. Those looking to go beyond burritos and explore Mexico's rich culinary traditions should pay La Mestiza a visit.
Worst airline ever. You pay extra for everything! Yes, they come up as the cheapest when you are searching, but after it is all over....they have nickel and dimes you to the point where you are paying more than you would on a much better airline.
40 minute wait for hotdog and burger, others waited longer than us just for ice cream.... $10 tiny burger. Don't do it
I can't wait to go try the crepes! I was only here to get a quick drink.\nSooooooo glad for the patio! Can't wait to take Dexter. :}
Nice environment and great tacos.  Only problem is it seems like they are always understaffed and you have to wait a while for a drink, but overall good place.
Can't go wrong with the pinapple currie! I never skip it when I go here. I love the environment and the service is attentive, even though some can be stingy sometimes. The prices are on the high side. Have had desert here too and its really good. Great thai food altogether.
Will not be ever going there and my friend won't go back. Had oil change and did not even put oil back in it!
Love their lunch options - always busy but well priced and yummy!!! Good to go for casual dining - pretty authentic Thai - just about everything on the menu is good.
Yum! Late night, delicious donuts! We loved the glazed and the old fashioned. And, they were a good price too. We will hopefully return!!
Realllly bad ... Bad service , bad room, no wifi in room.... I will not come here anymore.  Horrible hotel ........
Great atmosphere. Food was great but overpriced but it's all relative since it's Vegas. Would definitely recommend and come back.
I have been a patient of MVFP for over 10 years.  I have a great Dr. (Roseann Collins). And I find them to be organized and efficient.  Nothing but good experience with them.\nRichard
I had a great mushroom swiss burger... and they have some reasonable prices. \n\noverwhelming beer selection...
Great new women's clothing boutique in Grayhawk... store looks great.
i really like to order the Graziano Special Pizza...hmm hmmm  good.  I also like to order the cinnimon twists for dessert.  I also tried the chicken sandwich which was ok.  overall i like this place and it's great for familes.  There is a game place where the kids can play around.
Best hotdogs I have ever had. These are the knife and fork kind. Chili cheese fries awesome and flavorful.  Friendly and welcoming staff. Will definitely be back for more.
If your waiting for Bianco or just want a glass of vino and some olives then go to Bar Bianco! This place is lovely :)
Love the sandwiches here, and of course the wine! I love to browse the products they have, I always find great gifts, we are also big fans of the ghost pepper salt! One of our favorite places in Ahwatukee!
Une cuisine italienne comme ont aiment! Pour les amateurs de p\u00e2te :) the place to be!
Best quick mexican food in town hands down!!!!!!!
I was really disappointed here. The meal was sparse. The spices were like nothing I'd ever tried (more numbing to the tongue than spicy). The goldfish in the tanks were cool. But otherwise, this was just not a good experience. Especially for Vegas, which has some of the best dining anywhere.
Great selection. Above average dessert selections including cotton candy, hand scooped ice cream, and mini cupcakes. Huge selection of seafood too! And don't forget the all you can drink beer and wine! Our waitress just brought us the bottle when we ordered one glass of Chardonnay!
My family and I love this place!!!   We live about 7 mins away and is our go to for a great meal and even better service! Anna and Don make this place!!!
i love this place! it's such a cute little restaurant and the food is amazing =] loved all the rolls and appetizers that we tried and the service was great. highly recommend it!
I'm picky about my sushi, but Koma is hands down one of my top places! Reasonable prices, fantastic service, fresh, tasty, unique, and yummy rolls. Everyone is very friendly and welcoming, You have to try the tuna carpaccio.
was here on business and noticed an ongoing line to be seated at the bar. I had the opportunity to dine there tonight and was not disappointed. I had the seafood pan roast spiced at #7. It was excellent. Recommend highly.
Coming in on Friday night hoping to get a great workout.  Checking yelp for their hours stating they stay open til 11. Showed up at 9:50 pm, Saying their closed. That's complete bull****. At least change your time
Great late night happy hour. Their seasonal IPA on tap was one of the better IPA's I've had. Also had their strawberry soda was quite tasty. Best part of our ding experience was the friendliness of the staff.
Such a great place! They are so affordable and always do a great job! Customer service that they give is above and beyond! Drive through is huge plus!!! They also do household items and waterproofing and scotch-guarding. They even do uniforms of any kind. You should absolutely check them out!!
Great service, a variety of side dishes that they promptly refill, and good Korean food.\n\nMy friend who just moved from Korea says it's his favorite restaurant so I suppose it is authentic enough!
Absolutely delicious chocolate fondue.... Nuff' said!
A great place for a good, cheap Asian dinner. All their dishes are reasonably priced and very generous (but not overly so). One of my favorite noodle places.
This was never my choice of bank. They took over my bank years ago. Now they're saying other people can't make cash deposits to my account. What kind of bank doesn't accept cash? So I'm out. Wells Fargo was very friendly when I opened my account with them.
This place is amazing. The drinks are amazing. So strong yet so delicious. The bartender Pete is a great guy and very personable. They also serve mason jars full of goldfish. If you go to Montreal this bar is a must.
Eww. This place tastes like old feet. I got the teriyaki chicken, crab wontons, and chicken fries rice. I will make the drive to pei Wei next time. Gross.
Good ole DQ. Still has the Mr Misty Freeze.  Try one. I guess it is now on the secret menu.
Good service and care. Went here withy girlfriend to get a pedicure that she forced me to do. I thought it was pretty good for my first time. I really liked the massage chairs while they cut my wicked man toe nails. Lol
I've been for both lunch and dinner multiple times because of the location in the South Side. It has really delicious food, but the atmosphere is a little more corporate than most other Mexican restaurants. I think this fits the vibe of South Side Works, so it's in a good place. I will definitely return!
Went in to get my bike checked out. Shane was very helpful and knowledgable regarding my Schwinn World Sport. \n\nNow I have a good place to bring my bike when it is not performing right.
The Cornish Pasty on University is very small place. There is more room and outdoor seating at the one in Mesa which is a little farther but worth it also. They have great Pasty's!!! They are truely gourmet hot pockets! YUM!
Terrible experience. I dropped my car off at 9:25 AM on a Saturday and there was one other person in front of me. I didn't leave until 11:05AM and was charged $99 for a synthetic oil changed. Overpriced, terrible customer service, and long wait times. Never coming back here.
Place is drat awful!! This place was disgusting! I ordered the chicken pad Thai, and it tasted like noodles with ketchup!! Awful! On top of that, the service was atrocious! I do not recomend eating here!
Best Buffet I experienced in Vegas! You have to be open minded to trying new and gourmet foods very ethnic foods. Everything was cooked to perfection! It was very spendy but worth every Penny!
This restaurant sent an employee to scam another business in the plaza out of money. After they were confronted they claimed they did not speak english. Please do not frequent.
This place is the business.   I spent the weekend here and enjoyed every part of it.   This has to be the nicest place to stay in Vegas.    Its awesome.
I've been here before and had no complaints but tonight the food was mediocre and the service inadequate.  They are giving out 20% coupons for the next visit and we left ours knowing we would not return. There are much better choices at Westgate.
Today, they were not busy. It was a blessing the pizza was here in less than 45 min and I ordered at 6pm. Usually, there is a problem, so Kudos! Thanks for making a effort to get our pizzas here before we died of starvation!
Service was a little slow, good cocktail menu and great food. This place has beautiful decor
Had sit down breakfast twice in the morning before heading into the office. Service was quick enough that we were able to get to the office on time. Staff was extremely friendly, especially the good sir in the kilt. Bialy had a nice crunch and the flavored cream cheeses are creative and all sorts of satisfying to the palate.
Great Burgers always fresh and delicious also the Onion Rings are good too
Nice shop.  Seems geared for the younger slender customer .  Nice handbags and accessories.  I felt too heavy for the shop and I am a  10-12.  The fashions appeared current and the shop owner was pleasant.
This was my first time seeing a new dentist and after 26 years I was a little anxious to say the least. The entire team welcomed me and made me feel like I had known them for years. Thanks guys!! Although I'm bummed I need some fillings I'm not nervous to come back next week! See you then!
By far the best meal I ever had! Perfect food and really nice service. It's a bit expensive, but worth the price.
Love the unique menu \nGreat fun atmosphere \nTiki drinks are bomb\nGo for lunch also it's less crowded
The people that worked there are extremely friendly nice rooms with an mini kitchen. However they charge for extra toliet trees I.e. toliet paper for example. So if you can come prepared
Good quality, the staff is nice, all the rolls I have tried have been great so far. Good happy hour menu
My favorite dining experience in Phoenix & I've been EVERYWHERE! I've had every pizza twice but I keep coming back to two pizzas. The, 'Margarita', & 'Bianca Verde' pizzas RULE here!
Love this place!  Close to home with quality food.  I usually get the salmon and out never disappoints.  Comes with delicious mashed potatoes and fresh grilled veggies. Yes please! Cute outdoor patio.
Number #3 no rice with cheese is one of the best things I've ever eaten.
great restaurant.....has been for years!
Called for a quote days ago and never got a call back.  Sorry, but if you can't return a phone call, then that's a big red flag about your customer service or lack thereof.
they use sunburst farms produce and products. everthing is fresh daily &absolutely delicous.  very hospitable and passion for there buiz. one of the unique things was, for  first time visitors you will receive a free mouthwatering chocolate.
The combo sandwich is awesome! The bacon barbecue burger is very good. I've been here a few times now and have had a great meal with good service every time.
So this is where I just paid for a $6 dollar burger.. did not taste like what it was suppose to or look like. GRRRRRRRR Was not satisfied and flavor was terrible.. This is why I hate air terminal foods!
Horrible 7$ grown up grilled cheese!!!!!!!!!! I felt like I got ripped off!! I wanted to complian but said oh well. Sonic has better Grilled cheese for half the price!
Love the food here, great service and ambiance as well. Love the option to have healthier options. Small location w/ nice decor. Service staff has always been friendly every time I have visited.
Just one word: Amazing.\nI went there for dinner and the food was delicious. big portion and price very reasonable.\nI will definitely plan to come back there for my next trip to vegas.
Great food, not the biggest portions in the world... Excellent atmosphere (works well for dates or just having dinner and a drink with friends).
This place was such a disappointment!  I read all the reviews, did my homework but Eva failed on this one.  I will give her the benefit of the doubt that the restaurant itself is beautiful but the food, service and prices are horrible.  YUCK!
Whole wheat pita bread! Amazing. Will come again when I'm in Vegas. Not pricey and quick service. A lot of seating probably because it's near the university so they must get a lot of students!
The food here is pretty good. I ordered the Mongolian beef and it was delicious. It came in a pretty large serving, at least the \"meal\"version did. Only bad thing is that  It's located next to a smoke shop, not the best place to bring a family. I recommend ordering take out if you eat here.
1 1/2 hours waiting for a drug test for nursing school. Won't be coming back for any of my medical needs for sure
Not a bad thing on the menu and extremely reasonable (price wise).  And ironically, maybe the best pulled pork sandwich in the valley!  Atmosphere is rather dive-ish however in my opinion, it adds to the charm.
Awesome food, service, and atmosphere! The chicken parm is fabulous!
Food was excellent!\n\nSunday morning brunch with bottomless champagne was great!!  Lots of great food so many options highly recommend this buffet while you are in Vegas!
This place is amazing. So many beer choices and awesome games. And the customer service hands down is the best I've had anywhere is a long time. And you can even get some of those tasty beers to go!!
Worst customer service ever. Sitting at the bar and never asked if I wanted a menu or anything else, it's been 20 minutes and still neither bartender had asked me if I want anything.  I left. It was awful.
My first clue should have been that it is on Grand Ave. \n\nDirty and moist. I felt like I needed a shower and a tall glass of Airborne after I left this place. \n\nThe best thing, people watching. It's very fascinating to see who walks into this place.
The food is amazing here. I've been here a few times and love it every time. I ordered the gryro platter and it comes with a Greek salad and rice. I have to say everything was delicious.
Bad bad bad\nService was so bad, that after 10 min in the cashier waiting to order to go, I just left.\nAnd the place was not even that busy.\nThey need to learn how to run a deli.\nWill never go back there!
The food and wine was excellent. If you don't know about wine they have a wine expert come to every table and answer any questions that you have. I enjoyed the experience and resturant is a large and has nice atmosphere.
Such a great place! It was our first time at Dutch Bros and we loved the iced coffee - we got the kicker and the caramelizer. But our favorite part was the customer service! Rachel was super fun and made great suggestions. She also made us try our drinks before we left to make sure we liked them. Highly recommend this location!
Fantastic surgeon who operated on my torn achilles tendon and my wife's ACL.. I am sorry to hear about his recent difficulties but i have complete faith in him and his abilities and I hope  he will be practicing again soon in Nevada.
Fish tacos were awesome. The refried beans were bland and kinda gross. The rice was decent. I'll come back again but I won't order beans.
One of the best MX food restaurants I have been to! I am a regular.
I called their \"corporate office\" at the end of December and never got a response back. I figured maybe they would care that their employees are unprofessional and are probably losing money for the company. I guess they don't.
As good and friendly Dr. Suarez is - the frontdesk is awful, unfriendly and just forget if you need anything - you will die trying to get if from this staff. Trying for years  to overlook it as the doctor is great - but it is getting unacceptable and actually pretty costly to pay for their mistakes!
Excellent restaraunt. Great food and service. Pad Thai was really good and so was the service. Valet on Church street side makes it an even better option. Highly recommend this place. It was spicy enough for me, but if you like your food crazy  hot, definitely tell the server to kick it up a notch.
real chinese food, excellent price
1st time here and NOT IMPRESSED AT ALL. Attendant very nice. machines are filthy!!!! one smelled like puke, had to use another machine. drawer where you put detergent in was filthy and slimey. machines are probably NEVER cleaned. will not have my business
Nice place, good coffee but no heavy cream?! Have to find other places with heavy cream in house for my cappuccinos.
Mrs Forsyth (?) was just adorable and lovely when we rocked up on a rainy New Year's Day last week. Yummy square sausage rolls and pretty decent coffee; only regret is not asking to have our picture taken with her and her new purple hair rinse
Hate to have to update my review like this, but the past TWO times I've eaten here, I've gotten violently ill immediately afterwards. Ikes hates me!
Nice, clean, very friendly staff help me find the perfect coffee travel mug for my husband and gave me tips on some other stuff I got \nNice brands love the retail price \nIm usually a Ross shopper but Marshall as for now had Better prices on brand names items \ndefinitely wil go back !!!
Ever since I moved in here (8 months ago) there has always been some sort of problem arising. Can't wait to get out of this lease!
Crappy customer service stay away!!!!\nThese people are d o rude and try in any way to make an extra buck! You can barely understand what they are saying and are fast to shut you up! The waiter rushes you! Food is okay but the staff really make this place suck!
all i can say is the best nails i have ever had.  my nail tech's name was cookie.  her work was flawless and she was funny to.
Love Jimmy John's and have been to one in many different states and places...I have NEVER seen one this slow in my life.
Ironically, we visited this place (finally) right before we went to Maui. Cute little place with great food that's not too pricey (for Scottsdale, anyway). Loved the fish and chips and the coconut shrimp. My boyfriend also loved the fish tacos. I'll definitely be back again!
What a joke!! I waited for an hour to see someone in geek squad!! No wonder best buy is going under! Customer service is a joke!  Please avoid this location!!!!!
Friendly staff, plenty of options behind the bar and decent food for the price. I had the \"boxty.\"
I really enjoyed the gambling area of the Planet Hollywood pool.  All the tables are Black Jack except one 3 Card Poker table.  The dealers are friendly and it's a really fun atmosphere where it seems like pretty much anything goes.  Everyone is really laid back!!
The best carne asada tacos!!!
I had a wonderful experience at Geisha House. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. Our server was very knowledgable about the menu and offered many suggestions. The food was great and the entertainment at the habachi grill was even better!
I've been using treasures for 6 years or so.   They have taken care of everything from our custom wedding rings to anniversary gifts and birthday presents.  Ive referred countless customers back to them and the reviews are always glowing.  I've dealt with a few other local jewelers and frankly I don't know why I bothered.  Thanks Scott and team.
Great buffets, puts china star to shame.
My son had strep throat and needed to get medication right away.  It was a Sunday and his doctor was not open.  Walk-ins Welcome.  Wait was a little longer than expected but excellent location and kind PA (Amy Pfister PA-C). Thank You. I also thought it was helpful that there was a pharmacy on-site,
Turkey panini was good but they served my coworker a chicken panini that was raw in the end. Service was ok. Wish they would've checked it better. That could be dangerous.
I loved this place!! Other than the great drink specials and the awesome staff, there are games to play like adult-sized Jenga! Hopscotch! And there is a free comedy show every Tuesday. Cant go wrong with this place is loud music, fun people and great drinks are your goals.
Stopped here very quickly for some appetizers: shishito peppers and the garlic citrus yellowtail.  Strawberry lemonade for the drink...service was great and the food exceptionally fresh!  I've been here before this time and will continue to return.  Lots to try on the menu!
Outstanding! I don't even like Italian food that well, but loved this place!
First time here, nice quaint casino... I ordered the breakfast croissant and it came with hasbrowns.  It was tasty and plentiful.  The decaf coffee was really good and the waitress was very accommodating.  I like it here.  I enjoyed the gambling too.
Great little park for your kids and also two separate dog parks. The parking is usually pretty easy to find and the walking trails are a nice change of pace!
I like that they change up the flavors and let you serve yourself. They have a good quality selection and it's the best prices for quality.
Salad, chicken and waffels, and the lamb burger.  So good.
I love this place so much and they have so many things to choose from. I can sit in this store all day everyday , never get bored and have an endless variety to choose from. The staff is always friendly and very helpful. I appreciate how they always try to relate  with there customers rather than just saying hi and bye to everyone.
Chicken Nachos and Steak Salad is good but the service is TERRIBLE! Not friendly at all...one of the waitresses was SO RUDE I was shocked at how they can have an amazing location with terrible service.
Really liked it alot.  Lots of interesting things on the menu.  Steak chilaquiles.
Excellent pulled pork sandwich! 100% pork -no fat! Also very nice French fries. My husband had an Amana blue cheese burger and he loved it also.
I'm giving a good review because I appreciate that they allowed me to return a pair of shoes that my wife had purchased.  She had only worn them 1 time but they were definitely showing some signs of wear...I would have given 5 stars but the girl who helped me had a little more attitude than I felt was necessary.
Great service, great food! Traveling through & picked here at the last minute, not disappointed!
Service makes this place a spot you want to visit once or twice or...many more. I had a rice noodle soup with pork and shrimp. You can order the one that comes with all, but my friends didn't enjoy it as much as I did mine. Good decoration and every thing tasted really good!
Went here once for labwork.  My wife had something down the street to tend to.  No one was there, and it was only me that Friday morning.  I was in and out in 7 minutes.  Too bad this place is now closed :-(!!!
Found out at home our to go order was not what we ordered. Called in and asked to speak with mgr. Manager was too busy to take our call and they asked to return our call which never happened. Food is good but service is not.
Fastest Brazilian wax I ever gotten! Awesome! The girls name starts with the K I can't remember, but she was fast and professional and very clean. I reccomend her! Plus they took me as a walk in right away Very friendly staff 5 stars from me
This place is closed! I was escorted there last night to eat and even though the hours on the door stated they were open, everything was shut tight and totally empty.\n\nDon't waste your time going!
First time dining here and it was awesome!! If you are looking for fresh Mexican food at a good price this is your place!! The servers were helpful, friendly, and professional!! The restaurant and bathrooms were very clean!!! Great spot in AJ!!!!
The all you can eat buffet is the best.  I love the hot all you can eat CRAB!  They don't have the all day pass anymore which was a disappointment.  Overall my family enjoyed it!   Thank you!
best restaurant ever \ni like the spicy dishes there\nand the environment is so great \nclassic chinese restaurant\ni recommmened the hot pot tish fillet \n\ni really love the food there and worth to  recommebnd to frds
shannon is awesome. whenever i asked her a question she took the time to explain everything in detail. shes hella sweet and fun.
Worst buffet in las vegas. Quality is sooo bad! No wonder studio cafe jacked up their prices to double....
Celebrated a friend's birthday and had great food and service. Their Lolita rice is excellent. Great service by attentive waiter named Nathan. I would definitely return.
Good and dependable family pizza spot! Come here often carry out and eat in with family of kids. Great service and food. Try the buffalo bites if you are skipping your diet!
If it wasn't because this place is so loud I would have given it 5 stars because the burgers are delicious. The music is played way too high which causes everyone to talk louder.We left with our ears ringing. Please, please, please lower the volume, people will have a much better experience.
This place was sooooo good! The food was delish and fresh. Ther service is super friendly too! We are thrilled to finally have an awesome Mongolian Grill in Vegas!
Love the staff and the selection. I wish there was a location a little closer to my house, but that's ok.\n\nThe staff has recommended a raw diet for my very itchy, allergic Boston Terrier.  It was an instant hit.  He had none of the typical tummy trouble associated with switching food.
I LOVE True Foods Kitchen! The staff is always so friendly and helpful!! Brandon and Megan Helped me yesterday and our whole table loved them. \n\n\nI personally love the shaved turkey with sweet potato hash on the side but everything Ive had there is exceptional!!
Service:  Glacial.  Food:  Cold.  On a Friday at noon?   Give me a break.  The kid loves the place but I won't be hurrying back.  Over priced, over hyped, but now with Magic Disappearing Servers (tm)
I dont mind fresh and hot...but when you have to wait 15 minutes to order and another 15 minutes to receive the order plus bad attitude....not a good mix\nTry two cashiers when you got 4 people or more in one line...that would cut the first 15 minutes
Best nail salon HANDS DOWN in Copa. Staff is friendly and welcoming and it is by far the cleanest and most sanitary nail salon I have ever been to.
Good food. Skip the spring roll and war won ton soup. Satays were great. Service very attentive. Happy hour good bargain. Great alternative to the strip.
OMG the bruschetta is to die for the wine is amazing. Ambience is wonderful a absolute must for a girlfriend lunch out. We definitely will be back.
I have been here 2x's for lunch. The restaurant location / shopping center appears to be a bit dodgey but the food is consistent, service excellent and fairly priced. Not a tourist trap and great food.
Buzzzzzzz in my room all night long coming from the vents. Creepy clicking speaker in the ceiling. Construction noises like a drill sting during the day. I can hear my neighbors talk. Avoid at all cost.
Great course. Play was a little slow but overall great place to play. The best course in the university/concord area.
Me and my GF ordered a salad and a burger today. Waited for a whole lifetime to get our food. I wish there's a 'negative star' review choice here.
We just took our maltipoo here for the first time today and they did a wonderful job. He not only looks great, but he was very happy and loved the employees (rare since they had just groomed him). We are definitely going back!
The best pizza in town in my opinion. I've been coming here for over 10 years now and it's always the same great, friendly staff and delicious pizza. Their pasta dishes are tasty too, especially the Chicken Tequila (if you like spicy food), and don't let yourself leave without trying the knots.
If I do not have to think about the consequences, I'd come and eat shrimp rice omelette @ Wendy's everyday - it's that addictive. Fun & casual asian comfort food joint. I'm glad I live nearby!
Awesome service and fresh food! Avocado bacon cheddar cheese double  burger was awesome!!
For the prices, you would think the menu wouldn't be printed with such an amateur and hideous font. Your typical \"white people on vacation spending way too much cash on microwaved Applebee's style Italian\" place. Enjoy?
Mischa cuts my hair and always does a fabulous job! This place is clean, friendly, and  very accommodating. I would recommend it to anyone!
This place is great! I really liked the bread they give you here. Pasta here is fresh and not fake tasting like some other well known Italian places. Good run restaurant with an attentive staff. I rarely cheat on my strict diet but if I do I make sure to have some pasta from here.
Sack's is a great local place to get a sandwich. The restaurant was clean and inviting. The menu is easy to read and the service was friendly and efficient. Sack's is perfect for a quick business lunch. The food was good and very affordable.
Great menu and good food!
Just got a haircut from Erika and she did exactly what I wanted without me even knowing how to say it! She spends a lot of time doing your hair and doesn't just do a half ass job. You can tell she cares about what she does which makes a world of a difference!! So happy with my cut!!
I have to agree with Devin J. I too have only had the Pho here. But each time I do it is awesome. The ingredients all seem fresh, and it is not too filling.\n\nThe atmosphere is laid back and the service is great. Definitely worth a try if you are in the neighborhood.
Love this place!   Don't forget the to start with the pretzels!!
We got the Adobo. Was okay but my pork was full of little bones and hardly any meat. I bit on my first bite and a sharp bone stabbed my gum. It was painful. I don't think I'll ever get it again.
Slow! 15 people in line and ONE server! Lame! This place is the worst when it comes to efficiency. They need to be retained. Customer service is fine. But what can you do when your customer has waited in line for up to 45 minutes! Owners of this franchise don't seem to care.
For a chain this (flamingo ave) Ruths chris is in my top ten of all times!\nOpen till 3am awesome wine great steak and service. I have been to four RC's and I think this is the best.
This is our second here. I like this place. Place is ok small and looks pretty clean. I would recommended this place to my friends. Good customer service. Food is always good just like the first time I was here. Getting something different just to change the game up lol. Food porn!
My boyfriend and I come to your place almost daily. ..it's the best pizza in Vegas.  All of the workers there are friendly and professional. .would recommend this place to everyone that visits and lives in Vegas...\n10 stars instead of 5
Outstanding service and food.  The crab cake is a must!!  Ask about any steak specials and ask to see the James Bond table.  Unreal!!!
Don't expect the traditional sushi place. Is so you will not like this place at all. We are now headed to McDonald's. the food was very fishy tasting. I would rank this place as the worst tasting sushi ever.
Food mediocre, pastries days old, service lousy (3 other tables arriving after me were served first), dirty dishes, floors, windows, bathroom.  Place is a dump!
Wow!  We finally found East coast New York pizza.  This is a s real as it gets!  Don't be fooled by the location, the missing signage out front or the dumpy look of the place.  The food is outstanding!  Go-Go-Go!!
Would give this place zero or negative stars if possible.  Service was awful, drinks were mediocre and they don't tell you that they charge \"for seating\".  So we ended up paying a lot of money for a very negative experience.
This place is aweful! I got my brakes done and just 4 months later they were toast. Called to have them fix and they refuse. They took my 400 and now won't honor fixing their crappy job.\nMy advice- avoid this place at all costs.
Super nice barista.  Great recommendation and patience after I stepped up to the counter and had no idea what I wanted to order.
The wait is not worth the money saved! Do not reserve a car. Get to the airport and look at line before going with them.
So delicious.  Try their tea, it tastes like Christmas.
just do it
i love the tropicana one of the best hotels on the strip thank u for the fantastic time
I actually buy materials here (even though I live in California) because of its incredible selection and very helpful staff.  \n\nThink of AKA GREEN as a environmentally-friendly products HOME DEPOT, well, a very small one.\n\nBest service and great selection!  Highly recommend it
Food is excellent.  Well seasoned.  Portions are just enough.  Good selection of India beer.  The restaurant is very cosy and intimate.  Don't just show up for dinner, make a reservation especially on the weekends!
Best Bean and Cheese and Large Strips in the world. Been coming here for since 93 and have never eaten anything that wasn't good! PERIOD.
Had an item placed on hold on a Friday evening. Received a call that night at 9:30 pm while at dinner basically telling me they sold the item to another customer as ordered by the manager. Will never do business with this company.
Yeah this place is good. I came here once after PURE. It was good because when you're witha  crowd of people who usually have some type of after-club attitude, its a good place for them to get whatever they want.
Had the best massage with Jeremy L. Also had my first facial which was wonderful. Worth every cent!
very good enchilada style breakfast burritos. Im from Albuquerque and it reminds me of when i lived there.
Great value and casual diner experience. Love their pizzas! Be ok with young people or go somewhere else!!
Eh.  Only found one flavor that was ok.  It is a nice clean little place, but all in all, not much to look forward to.
Worst sushi I've ever had. End of story.  Service absurd,almost impossible to get waiters attention to order. Excellent ice water though.
Good place for lunch dtown, but also really good Happy Hour.
Amazing atmosphere especially following any concert venue here!  Great Vibe;  great Martinis, wonderful WINE list, amazing Steaks!  Love the decor--\nAmazing music-  gorgeous people !!!!!
Roni Hale is a expert at mens hair grooming. Not only does she do a fantastic job she listens to what you want. She also is a American Crew Educator. I highly recommend her. #hairbyronihale
Food was great as usual! Need to go once every season to try the menu. Excellent portions and combinations. Love the healthy choices and the atmosphere.
Very nice place, sleek with a mix of tourists and locals.  Of course its over priced for what it is because of sheer location but your in Vegas.  Sushi is very good and so are the cocktails.  Service can be slow and the wait can be long.
as far as frozen yogurt goes, this place is the best quality i have found.  it is a little more pricey then most of the places around, but the yogurt and the fruit toppings just seem to be of such better quality.
I had an epidural by Dr. Pappoe in 2012,and he paralyzed me,I lost my business,my home,and everything that mattered to me! He knew he had done this to me,and didn't seem to care at all!
Really now?! There mold in the meats have you guys checked that recently?  Rice is old and soggy. Plates are barely cleaned. Not what I expected when it comes to \"fine\" dining.
Ive been to the postino's off central once before, and recently discovered this one a couple weeks ago. Really friendly service, and they sold me some beer at a stupid cheap price for me to take home!! \n\nIma Fan.
Have nothing but good things to say about iTech Customs. Andre is always very helpful and does a great job. Fixed three of our phones already. Would recommend this place for anyone who needs their phone fixed.
Best spot to have lunch. Yummy pizza and salads! I am going to be such a regular when I become a neighbor soon.
Favorite bar in Vegas
Loved it.\nFelt the most like a Vegas style casino than any other casino I've been to in AZ.  \n\n$5 blackjack tables, electronic craps and roulette, lots of blinky 5cent slot machines... I'm in heaven!
First time at this place and what a pleasant surprise. My wife and I come out to Fountain Hills for mountain biking and I think this may become one if our go-to places to eat post ride. \n\nFood tasted great and presentation was also nice. Much more than I expected for the price.
I like this store, it's easy to get in and out of.   I'm a fan of the self checkout.   Everyone wants to help.   GO FRY\"s.
I have had a few extraordinary dishes there and a a couple that missed the mark. Skip the hour wait at RnR and go there for bottomless momosas with your Sunday brunch.
Try the organic smoothies!!! OMG amazing! This is a definite MUST try -- and become a regular of if you live in Charlotte! Please please open one in Arizona!!!!
I love the Pollo Fundido chicken burrito! It's the only reason I go to Carlos O'briens. Go hungry, and stuff you face!
Wow! What a hidden gem! This is a convenience store with a good selection of beer and they make quality fast mexican food in the store. The chicken street tacos are great for late night. Good portions of very good quality ingredients. They serve 'til 2:00am!
It is one of the worst yogurt place in Tempe. Their custome service probably ranks worst in Phoenix metro area. It is shame that i cannot give negatIve ratings to them. They straight face refuses to accept living social voucher.
This place is right by our new house and I really enjoyed the flavor options and the nice outside area for sitting- plus, we got a groupon- which makes everything sweeter!
pretty good food, gets very busy but didn't have to wait long, nice wine selection, and ran into Jim Belushi there..
Always packed!  The atmosphere is always better than the coffee or the service but I just can't stay away.
If you're looking for a great corner dive with interesting folks, witty bartenders, decent bar food, cheap drinks, low drama, and weekly sex trivia, you found it.
From my walking around, this was the best value margarita station ($13 half yards with $10 refills) on the main strip and the drinks didnt disappoint.  Lots of different flavors to choose from too.
All their food was hot, fresh, consistent and just delicious! Their service was good enough for a buffet, and they even have Kilt Lifter.
Lettuce wraps rule! Other than that pretty average. Nothing super spectacular. Good tastey food and average prices.
Good food. Good service. We enjoyed our lunch of 8 people in the group. I liked the Ramen and beef teriyaki.
Delicious!  This place is great...everything is so fresh and tasty.  Salads are excellent and you can't beat the tacos.  Great drinks and food!  Love it!
Me and my Husband didn't get a chance to thank Cait with Take the Cake Las Vegas for the unbelievable cake she made us. It was so good!!! The whole family loved it very much as well!!!! I would recommend her to anyone looking for a cake in Vegas.
Great food in a friendly environment ! Prices are okay but they have coupons in the mail and specials!
rooms were nice and clean, but maybe they should change out the carpet in the halls. they were rolling up all over the place!\n\nI really like the location! close to everything and on the strip
funky/trippy little space on Murray Ave. in Sq.Hl. You pay by the oz. of yogurt + toppings.  I opted for the regular/un-adulterated yogurt .  Pretty good.  I will be back to get punches on my frequent customer card .
Awesome service, great food, a bit pricey
I got really really sick from eating one of these pizzas my pizza was reheated and was clearly left there over night. Will never eat here again there is a specific reason this place got closed down and now is reopened. You also can't see it's health permit anywhere!!
Reformed Pilates is absolutely wonderful! The instructors are amazing and the workout makes you feel good afterwards. It's a really great way to tone your core, legs and arms. It's definitely my new favorite way to get healthy and in-shape!
I stopped at the one on Flamingo for the first time yesterday and took forever to decide what I wanted.  I asked the gal at the counter for suggestions and one of hers was the summer salad.  I ordered a small one with chicken and it was absolutely delicious and very large portion.  I will definitely come back.
I was disappointed.  My wife and I had been a couple times in the past and it was good, but today was pretty bad.  The place was clean and the employees have always been great, but the food really missed the mark.  We will not be coming back.
Great food, great service, really friendly staff. We had to wait a bit but as expected for a Saturday afternoon.\n\nVery accommodating and very friendly environment. Definitely has the same quality as the downtown Phoenix location!
Unexpectly good...and they are on skates
Great location!  Very clean.  Some of the equipment is a little old, but it still works so no problem there.  Also lots of different types of equipment.  I'm very happy!
Ordered delivery Pizza was disgusting. Hot wings were disgusting. Price was outrageous in comparison to the quality. Cookie desert burn on the outside undercooked on the inside. Idiot driver placed ice cream over hot cookie so it was liquid by the time it got to us. Shouldn't have even delivered that desert.
The only Starbucks I know that can screw up an Americano every time. I ask for room and they fill to within 1 mm of the lid then suggest that I pour the excess off when I complain. My goal is taste not volume, is that hard to understand?
Excellent fresh sushi and friendly service. The prices were very inexpensive and the portion were generous. My husband had the spicy tuna jalape\u00f1o poppers and he said it was one of the best sushi dishes he has ever had.  We will definitely return to Yume!
Mothers Day brunch was a disaster, poor service no food . We waited for over an hour for our order, and when part of it showed up it looked like a child's portion.
Aside from the other reviews, I had a great time here. Although it is a bit pricier than your usual bowling center, I had an amazing time. When we didn't like our drink, they gladly helped us figure things out. I would definitely go back!
By far the cleanest Pho house in this town. No mystery meat and the owners take pride in their dishes. The bun, squid(awesome!), clams are also killer! Can't say enough about this place! Favorite Vietnamese in Vegas!
This is the worst out of the two. The service is awful and extremely slow and the hookah is crap and it doesn't smoke. I love the Paymons on Sahara much better the staff are nice and attentive. Take the drive to Sahara for that Paymons it will be worth your while .
I've only been here a few times, but I have never been disappointed. Excellent customer service and ALWAYS amazing food. If you love yourself, order the acai berry smoothie and the Smoked Turkey & Avocado sandwich. Best items on the menu, as far as I'm concerned :)
Very nice service, beautiful restaurant.  The food was ok, for those prices I expected it to be much better.  I probably would not eat here again.  Unless I won the lottery.
Went here last year with my family, and I thought it was amazing. Good service wise with the food and staff. The food is so original especially the gelato ice cream. The pool is clean *not like circus circus* Only downfall is that its expensive compared to wynn.
Was there for Turkey day. The service was impeccable the sea bass fantastic. ...the scallops not so much.. if u go get the lobster tail filet surf and turf...don't order the scallops....that item should be taken off the menu.
This place is hands down the best middle eastern food in Arizona (yes, even Pita Jungle..).\n\n\nGo to the counter and order cheese bread and schwarmas.  Little area to eat and great place to people watch.  Very diverse crowd from literally all over the globe.  The rice is the best!
We love this place!  Quality of food and service is always outstanding! Delicious food!
Sandwiches were good. Excellent selection of beer. Priced a little high. Will go back for the two for one specials on Monday and Tuesday.
Worst ever. They let pet owners bring dogs to the buffet and the owner can carry the dog wile eating from their plate and still grabbing from the salad bar. Manager has no manager about them. Get a spine and say u also think that is just wrong and discussing. NASTYYYY
This hidden gem offers delicious food with an authentic Italian ambiance. The menu is simple, yet incredibly flavorful. The ingredients are fresh and the wood fired pizza oven cooks everything to perfection!
Still frustrated over missing prices on expensive meat products but I just received exemplary help from the new department manager,  Jovan, looks like there will be no more green meat here - yay!
We used 8-Bit Entertainment for my friends wedding photo booth and it was great! There are a ton of props to choose from and the quality of the photos are clear! I would definitely recommend 8-Bit Entertainment to anyone!
This place is great, it's worth it to buy the yearly pass if you plan on going more than a few times and after going once you will want to take you kids to go again, they do give you the opportunity to buy a one day pass and at the end of your journey, use that receipt for credit toward the yearly pass.
This place is well decorated but DARK...a sconce or candle would be nice. The food was pretty good..a little spicy for me...we would have liked a bigger menu.  Steve provided attentive service.
Went there and tried the food and it was good. Kinda pricey but the food is good.
Delicious hot dogs and poutine.  Great way to grab a quick bite before a night of drinking, or to round out a night of drinking!  Love the local offerings.
Friendly staff, relaxed place, indoor and outdoor seating. Loved the crepes and Italian sodas.
Im not the biggest fan of sushi but my boyfriend and i went there awhile ago and the food was amazing! i got the philadelphia and something else but everything we got was perfect! will deff be going back! \n\nthe waitress was a little awkward though
Not quite the M Buffet but still a really good buffet! Plus it's inside the Cosmopolitan. Good food, good service.
Most honest mechanics around!  After 3 shops tried to sell me services I did not need, this shop told me the truth.  Everyone I work with loves this shop.  Great work and very honest.
Happy about food presentation and flavor. New fries are great. I did NOT like the large sweet tea is $2.20... Keep up with the times. Drinks SHOULD BE $1.00
greeted with Tea. No upselling. Simple adjustment and advise for the pain. Excellent. Thats what i want a chiropractor to be. V happy and will recommend this place to other.\n\nPlus - got a coupon for a shake and iced tea for the shop next door. Truly awesome experience.
Actually very fond of this well spaced, comfy pub. Its not high class dining, but the food is good and portions generous! Nachos here are fantastic! Also a very good place if you want to watch sport. Its clean, welcoming and very good value! and during the week occassionally offer some free nibbles!.
The only cool art gallery in Las Vegas :)
Very poor service, ordered tile from them which they were supposed to have in inventory it wasn't. Told us it was coming from Italy and would be around 4 weeks. 6weeks later not here. Latest excuse was tile container didn't get loaded on to the ship after all. Order cancelled, using someone else to source our tile.
Pure bliss!  Great location, ever better service, and a lovely pool. I will say that if you like a quiet room, don't take one that faces the front of the hotel. Nearby bar patrons line up there for cabs, and light sleepers will be woken up by their revelry.
Fantastic burgers, excellent service, I don't think my glass of ice tea went below half.
How low the mighty have fallen. Place was dead at 12:30. One of the bouncers tried to start a fight with me and my girl. Guess that's what happens when you have more bouncers than dancers. Don't waste your time.
Love this for a fun and fancy daytime activity with girlfriends or mom. I have had so much fun both times that I have been.  I love the mini food items and delicious desserts. Great cocktails too!! The service is fabulous, view is amazing and just a peaceful spot, and great experience.
Great food at reasonable prices in a city where everything is quite over priced. The sushi was fresh. Our server was excellent. I'll be visiting again if I'm in Vegas. Took a cab from the strip, and rode Uber back to our hotel.
Loved the \"build your own burger\"  one of the best burgers I have ever had!
great pies and phillys. please come to hendo.
Good food and good prices! It had a fun atmosphere as well.
Love it! Don't think we ever had a burger as good as they make them. I have eaten here twice and both times were great. Didn't care for the sweet potato fries, but the burgers are worth it! I drove 1/2 hour to visit here a second time.
We held a business dinner here following a tradeshow at the Mandalay convention center. The service here was top notch and the steaks were perfectly cooked. Exactly what you would expect this type of steakhouse. My coworkers who are a little bit older enjoyed it and were able to talk shop without all the vegas noise.
Nice private room overlooking mark's squate - Il Moro. Staff members seemed not experienced but no major complaints
It certainly won't make you feel healthier, but if you want to have a very nice, casual supper or breakfast, L'Avenue is one of the best place you can find in Montreal.
I always come here to get my late night \"island green\" smoothie fix. The staff is always friendly, and tonight was no exception. The young lady at the counter was so sweet and I had my smoothie in hand a minute after I ordered. Love this place!
Nouveau bar sur Mont-Royal qui remplace l'ancien Balthazar. Terrasse sur Mont-Royal et bi\u00e8res font l'attrait du St-Sacrement.
Cool funky stuff for a small chunk of change. Bought a buffet to transform for less than $60.
This place is amazing. We came here for breakfast and sat in the patio. The view of the fountain is great. The mighty veggie omelet is great! Perfect place to catch brunch/breakfast and has reasonable price. Will definitely visit again.
Waited an hour only to find out they didn't have crab legs.\n\nneedless to say, I was pissed.
Been there twice.  With all the hype you'd think it was out of this world.  I found the burger to be dry, small and overpriced.  Frys were overcooked and flavorless.  BLA.
Love, love Hair-Do! I moved to the East Valley a year ago and have been seeing Cami ever since for color and style. I have recommended her to friends, family and coworkers. Two thumbs up!
Food truck that's always at all the best events and consistently delivering the best late night meals in vegas.
It's half a block from my office and wish I could move my desk to their doorstep
Just watch where you pick up your produce.
Great food... Orange pancakes were yum yum! Our waitress Kaylah was awesome. Overall very pleased with our breakfast and will be going back to try other flavors of pancakes.
Ypu get what you pay for.  Tired rooms, stained carpet, patched plaster walls and ceiling.  Nice pool and friendly service at desk.  Inexpensive.  Old TV and appliances.
Good Jamaican Jerk wings, big onion rings, and Cuban Sandwich was pretty good. Price wasn't too bad, our server Stacy was nice. Went on a Saturday afternoon so it was busy, waited 30 mins for a table, but we sat upstairs facing the strip view so that was cool.
If you haven't had the dynamite roll... you must try it. It is amazing!!!! And they have red snapper shashimi here so delicious. \n\nNot a big fan of the vegas roll this particular place serves.
Great place to watch football and drink beer - the burgers we had were some of the best anywhere.
I'm shocked to see so many positive reviews.  Bread is subpar, staff at the location is rude, or at least they were to us.  Definately will not return to this store, nor purchase any of their products (which are sold under many different names).
Projector was horribly out of focus(we do screening rooms for a living so it's not that I forgot my glasses)) - notified the server who sent the manager over - told him the same thing and as assured they would address it.   Watched the whole movie out of focus - will not return.
One star for their great service. Food was the worst BBQ ever, horrible, ribs were rare?  Yes pink stuck to the bone not done, threw them away.   Expensive and horrible food.
Nothing wrong with this Subway.  Fresh and fast!  I've been here 20 times since they've opened.  My favorite Subway.
This is my go to pizza place at least 5-6 times month. We always get the #25, a bunch of food and we are always left very satisfied, I grew up going to this joint and I will for as long as I live here in Vegas. Great service too! Quick deliveries!
NFL football on and I'm listening to Casey Kasum tip hits from 1978. What is the target demographic? This isn't the only time I left due to terrible ambiance. I'll keep  giving this place a chance because of the happy hour pizza and wings. I hope they will find an identity.
Had the beef and vegetable pot pie and spotted dic for dessert. It was so amazing. I would eat here every day If I could!!!
Terrible service and even worse pizza.  The crust is chewy and the pizza is greasy.  Oh and did I mention that don't take their own coupons.  What a joke!  You can get much better pizza at just about any other pizza place in town for a better deal.
It was so not good. Not even okay. After getting into Vegas I was starving I and wanted something edible; we ordered the margarita pizza and it was so bad. It was burnt and had some funky weird taste to it, like chemicals or something. And the service was sooooo slow.
Service is incredible  make sure to make reservations   Especially on the weekend   And if you want a table with a view   \n\nAll the choices are nicely done      Missing a star because it is a little pricey
The food is just as great as the Scottsdale location, but the service here sucks! They are so slow it drives me insane waiting to get my food even when its not busy.  Even just ordering a coffee took 10 minutes. 10 minutes!! Would have been faster just to drive up to the Scottsdale location.
Brand new location. Staff was friendly and helpful. Look forward to shopping here often!
Loved it. Pulled pork & pulled chicken, bbq sauce & the cole slaw were ALL outstanding. ONLY caveat is that GPS tries to send you to thhe wrong side of the highway. It is in the shopping center with CVS & Circle K.
I really like this place.  I am begging the owner to please print some of the specials in English.
Went here after a run in nearby Frick Park, which I felt gave me license to have a (delicious) hot dog washed down with a few great beers. I can't wait to return!
Great small local authentic Mexican food joint! Average prices for this type of restaurant, great quality food. I go here so much the guys here know my order already :P Great for a quick lunch or dinner and good portion sizes. This place definitely gets me my Mexican fix :D
Don't recommend!! Found paper in my hash browns and a straw package in my butter for my pancakes!!! When we told the manager they took off 2$ from our bill!!
Za's was okay, but it wasn't as great as I was expecting. It was nice that it was cheap and they had a lot of options, but the food was average. I would go back, but it wouldn't be my first choice for Italian. It was cheap, and easy, but not the greatest.
Really great food, nothing bad to say about the service . Only complaint would be how full I was! Hahha. This is definitely the place to go in Arizona if you're looking for good chicken & waffles! Glad that they came to scottsdale about 5 years ago too so I won't have to drive down to the original
RUDE staff that wouldn't spit on you if you were on Fire... mixed up our party's orders, ignored us when we needed waters.  Honestly, it was the attitude of the staff that completely turned me OFF to this historic restaurant.
Good food!  I ordered a chicken lavosh and it came with a bonus side salad.  Despite being packed waiter was attentive.  I would go back!
Great service.  From online booking to airport dispatch to drop off.  Very reasonable pricing.
Nice gym not too busy even at rush hour. There are not enough water fountains in this gym. They don't even have a fountain in the locker rooms. Need more free weights. Over all I like this gym alot, its quick in and out love the covered parking at Gilbert.
What a wonderful experience. From the food, to the wine, to the service, everything was perfect. I can't recommend Sassi highly enough, especially for special occasions. The summer three course menu is a phenomenal value and the wine list contains some of the best wines I know.
Great beer selection and lots of Activities.  The food is good too - don't miss the pepper jack mac n cheese...holy cow!
The staff is super nice! They are quick too. If there is a line drive - thru line I suggest getting out and ordering from the walk up window. They will get your order done with lightening speed. Carmelizer, FTW.
Stopped in for mani/pedi while visiting Phoenix. The experience is full of frantic upselling and side glances from the technicians. My nails were filed into an odd shape and the polish chipped the same day. The polish selection is small and some bottles appear thinned out. I was incredibly disappointed.
Good food overall. Service was excellent. Nice atmosphere. 3 steaks ordered at my table. They all were happy with their meals. I had a mahi mahi entree and it was decent. Customer Service is so important to me, they won me over!
Probably the worst sushi in Old Town.  I've lived across the street from Pearl for 4 years and every time I go because of convenience I regret it.  I've even tried ordering take-out but they always seem to miss something in my order which means I have to wait another 10-15 minutes or come back.
Nothing too different from my Harrahs back in St. Louis or Kansas City. It lacks hot women unlike other casinos but it still feels homely to play at like that comfy old child blanket that makes you feel secure right before you go to sleep.\n\ndp
I pretty much now come here regularly for the soft tofu, beef & kimchi soup. It really is fantastic.\nOne day I'll branch out and try other foods, but for now, the tofu soup is what I need.
Not your normal Casino Coffee Shop.  Large menu for each meal.  Very good food served 24 hours a day.  It can get crowded but they do seat you quickly.
Lior love u your the best! Great service ! Gets you what you want... When you need it...free delivery... If you cant pay he takes care of you to pay him later... Love his family! Honestly i feel at home when i eat here! 10 stars!
I got my hair done by this hairstylist named Krista, she did an amazing job. I have a difficult hair type, never had a good haircut till I met her. The service was great, the place was neat, and great discounts.
Went to nan dos Sunday was not very busy and main course was good.  Chips could have used a little salt.  The hostess was little tired and sitting in the customer table area talking to a person cleaning the floors?  Not very appealing atmosphere while eating with my family.  But will return.
Love this Chevron. It is never too crowded here, there is a Terribles car wash, and a convince store for cigarets, drinks, beer, and etc. Also unlike other gas stations, this one is easy to turn in and out of
Outstanding donuts.  The regular donuts are much better than Dunkin or Krispy Kreme.  The cake donuts are about the same.  Definitely our new go-to donut place!
Steve burritoooo....mmmmmm.......
Its free and I enjoyed it alot.
Vegan selection \"The Soho\" is to die for!\n\nIt's inexpensive, the staff is meh and it's located inside The Plaza Hotel in Downtown Las Vegas.
The Food is really good! Delicious even! \n\nBe prepared for a long wait to order, or even get a table. The place is small, and seating is really limited, it is typically an hour to two hour wait for a table...or just go to the window outside and order.
Best tan ever... lasting about 12 days now. Laura is very professional and thorough. Can't wait to go back!
Great cuts!  Vadim is really good.  Got me to come back!
I was very hyped up about this place. I heard great things. Besides that, it's in the Bellagio so it has to be great. I will say it was good, but not great. Food was okay, selection was okay, but I must say, I expected more.
went into the dark bathroom\nflipped on the lights\nscurrying ROACHES, as in plural, ran into hiding\ni squealed\nwe left
Sylvia's La Canasta Mexican Restaurant believes drenching everything in grease makes it better. \n\nYou may as well just buy a block of lard and fry it up with a tortilla. \n\nLow quality, disgusting food with low quality, rude service.
Everything was average, the crowd, the food and the service.  It really wasn't memorable.  There are better options, even for Charlotte.
Love the food there and it taste just like Tommy's in cali nice and friendly place to eat me and my wife love the food there it is next to a Bar name the  480 also a motel.
Food was very good, ambiance very good, service good. Would eat there anytime.
So glad to find Al's in Las Vegas! Great service. Best. Sandwich. Ever. Order it dipped. Original Al's can be proud of this location!
Love it for the chicken entree and pizza!  Service is a little snooty, but it is worth going for the food!  The seating in the patio area is too close for comfort, but great for people watching.  Recommend eating in the restaurant for a more intimate dining experience.
Love the chain, hate the poor slow service at this location. Why do I have to wait 13 minutes for 5 cars in front of me? Drive through isn't intended to be a parking spot. Mgmt needs to wake up!!
GO TO THE BARRELHOUSE!  I've been there a few times and they always have great food and service. It's in a very random strip mall, but perhaps that helps to keep the prices reasonable. Great drinks!! Don't hesitate!
Super food.  Always crowded, but the staff get you seated and fed.  Order the pitcher of beer to save a bundle.
What a gem. Located on the corner of Water St and Lake Mead Dr. Owners are friendly, food is good, and the establishment is super clean.
Wow...everytime i go to Vegas i always stop by to this place. Their food is tremendous and excellent. So yummy especially their Krispy Pata and bbq. Most of all, d service is really good.
I take my dog here every time I go to Vegas. I've met the owners I have to say they're very standup people. The only negative thing I can say is that I don't live in Vegas and therefore cant use this service regularly.I have to say that I am a fan of the Las Vegas can bow out!
Quite disappointed with Zarkana.  We paid a lot of money to watch a well costumed circus act with a live band.  Not what we expected of our first Cirque show.  \n\nTheatre was awesome.\n\nSand artist was amazing.\n\nClowns were strange.
Our south tower room had great view of the Strip and casino isn't so large that you get lost. Room was a bit tired and there are newer, cheaper options. Not bad.
Ok I'll admit it, I really just like this place for it's name.
The adlava team is a top notch marketing firm specializing in websites, SEO, and video production. They worked on a project for my client and I was so impressed with their customer service, creativity, and ability to produce amazing results. I highly recommend working with adlava if you need web design or videos. They are the best around.
Great atmosphere, lots of space. Perfect spot to grab a drink with your friends at ANY hour! Alcohol plus finger foods! Yum! Multiple tv screens to watch all your favorite sports. They even have football specials aside from happy hour. With multiple locations all around Vegas, Its easy to get together and wine down.
I stopped going to this location. There is always someone waiting outside to ask for money, cigarettes, a cell phone call, etc. this store is on my way to work, I used to stop here at least twice a week, then I got tired of the vagrants, beggars, and drug addicts harassing me.
Bad attitudes from the workers, the food is not that great to put up with the mood of this place. This isn't like the soup Nazi from Seinfeld. Sometimes the place is open and sometimes it is not which makes for crappy business.
Ten cent wing Thursdays! Not the best wings, but pretty damn good and real cheap!
The food is poor quality.  The restaurant is filthy and the restrooms should be condemned.  Would not even recommended this restaurant to the dead.
I adore this place. Very friendly and I recommend this place
The outside looks fine but once you get inside it's a ghost town. There's really nothing in here at all besides a gift shop and the Bahn Mi place. Many of the shops are closed and vacant. \n\nOtherwise if you're craving a Bahn Mi that's the only reason to step on in.
Had a major leak. Person on phone was not concerned at all, told me that everyone had leaks. Wanted to make an appt a week later. If this is how they treat someone on the phone i can only imagine how bad there roofing is
Food is super fresh they grill everything right in front of u and don't make it til you order it :)
Definitely give the Alcoholic Milkshakes a try and if you're a teetotaler, try the Toasted Marshmallow Shake. It has the sweet essence of a campfire without any booze.\n\nI like the colors and shapes used in the funky, cartoonish decor.
This place is ok. With the had some fish items.  But ten again... I don't think they're known for their \"freshness\".  Most of the food just sits there for a while. It does taste pretty good tho.
Bought three pastries here. One of them was good, service was a little sketchy, I'm pretty sure the lady at the register pulled a Houdini and double charged us 7 dollars. Authentic taste, but I want my money back #wheredembands
Very low key kool area. A salon right across and beanch to sit on in front of the wondow. Overall it is like being in San Diego Ca.
Don't stay here. Stayed 2 nights. No hot water. Room stunk with a sickly sweet smell. Rust on the bathtub and stains on the lampshade. 6 noisy air conditioner compressors outside the window. They did not care.
Sharie is amazing. I've been seeing her for two years, and always leave with the best looking pedicure around. She takes her time and is a perfectionist. She always has fun suggestions. She is a joy to chat with. And always polite to update me via text. Thanks, Sharie!!
This place seems to have gotten its act together again and a lot of the issues I wrote about have been resolved. Hooray! Another exciting development is that they are starting to fill the retail spaces on the first level.
Walk into Black Bear, get a seat, and immediately order a huckleberry milkshake. Just trust me. Chicken Fried Steak is good, everything else is pretty good, too.
A cool place for a HOT city.  All the perks of a water park and then some.  Had a good time there and would go again!
I love this place I went here with a living social. I love old fashion feel places. This is def a phx jem! I had a fancy soda and ice cream basically a amazing soda cream drink that tasted like a pie! I love their uniforms here too reminded me of a serendipity :)
Fast, efficient. and clean. Called because of a leak and Nick took care of it the same day.  No more leaks.  Very professional.  Thanks Nick!
Awesome pie. Went for lunch after the lunch rush so didn't have to wait. I got the Bianco and loved it, I probably shouldn't haven't eaten the whole thing by myself but just couldn't stop. Service was very attentive and I'm looking forward to coming back again!
Food was great and service was friendly.  They had excellent options  and upgrades for the sandwiches and combo, seems to be home made
Nine am on a thursday morning and not one piece of toilet paper in the restroom.  Really??? Um yeah I just drank coffee.
Brunch was wonderful.  I love that there are so many choices for vegans for breakfast. All of the baked goods are vegan, too!
Nice patio, yummy late night pizzas, and nice bartenders
Been here several times.  Margaritas are great.  Happy hour is a great deal with half price appetizers.  Look forward to coming here any time I am in town.
Great for big groups! The food is well massively produced, somewhat bland, but try the 3 tier taster. It has different sausages. But mainly go for the beer!
Very clean room, strong cold air conditioning, all night check in, breakfast 6:30 to 9:00, staff was friendly, and far enough from feat to not be crowded. Place was awesome.
This review is on McKibbin's at Pointe-Claire.\nGreat place to drink, eat and chat with friends. Been there for lunch, great and efficient service. You will not run out of mayo nor ketchup, I got huge basket just for myself! WIFI available.
Excellent attention to detail.
The person working there says the bathroom is out of order because someone stole the keys.\n It's $.50 for ice in your own cup even if your buying a drink in a bottle.\n She was rude and acted like she didn't speak English when anyone complained, but was fluent when ringing up others.\n SMH.
Best pizza in Henderson/Vegas. Great, attentive bartenders. You'll always feel welcome and at home. Order the fried pickles!!
I avoid this place!  They play extrememly loud music on Saturday nights till 2am. I will not go there until they change their practices.
Awesome Stuffed Meat pie... needed more sauce, but I'm just saucy like that. I'll be back next time for a regular pie. Tip: Sit closer to the ovens... warmer part of the dining area.
fun lounge. despite the $20K prosciuotto machine, pros. was just ok. But like that they had the plates with pistachios and melon slices. I heard the roast beef was really good.
I was very disappointed. Service was awful, food was below average and if Toby Keith has any affiliation with this place I would say that he needs to get away from it. I would say listen to the other reviews and not go or go at your own risk of getting terrible food and service
We're back in town for our annual spring training trip.  So of course our first stop for dinner after the game was Draw 10.  \n\nSame as previous years in every way.  Good food, good service, god beer list. Had our usual great time.  See you next year!
Huge front courtyard with lots of trees to enjoy the Arizona \"winter\" weather. Owners are great and the home made breakfast pastries are divine. \n\nHaven't had lunch here, but if you work nearby why wouldn't you?
A great venue, lovely atmosphere, amazing beer selection and great staff.\n\n\nChrissy, you ROCK! Cape Town, South Africa, loves you.
Probably the friendliest coffee caf\u00e9 I've been to. Mike the roaster took care of me since I wanted to know more about the coffee beans and the different regions there from. He answered everything and even gave me a free espresso shot. Thanks again Mike for all the help!
Slowest chipotle ever.     \n\n\nIt takes forever.  The kids here don't seem to understand fast food.  Line of over 20 and the 4 kids can't even handle that.  \n\n\nThese kids need to be retrained or replaced
Great buffet but be prepared to wait in a long line. Number three on the strip behind the Bellagio and Paris.
It is a pretty casino. Visually interesting. The ceiling is low but is made up for by having the \"sky\" right above you. \nthe little shops are fun and interesting and are a nice break to take while right on the casino floor.
Took in one pair of pants to have a small hole in the groin area fixed. They took an extra two days then stated, was way over priced, and the pants look awful. Actually had to take them some where else in order to get them to being wearable again, will never go back.
With all of the hype I though it would be a lot better. The service is okay as is the pizza. If you like greasy east coast pizza then they have the grease down. The dough is cooked well done on purpose but if by well done they mean burnt then they achieved this too, perhaps its a new oven.
Cute, 50's-esqe (as currently manufactured in China) mid-century modern space. Interesting and inventive pancakes. Pineapple upside down cake was excellent, sweet potato didn't quite work.  Not too pricey for a breakfast place.  Will try again.
There are a lot of things I love about Yard House, but sometimes it just feels too much like a chain. The servers are always running around like crazy and seem super rushed. It's too bad, because it takes away from the great food and beer. Plus, the patio is a great hang.
Horrible! The girl at the desk was sleeping and the Staff was rude.It's crazy that someone  who just had major back surgery must wait 3-5 hours in PAIN to be seen. Just because the Drug reps bring you lunch does not make it acceptable to have your patients wait while you eat! Horrible bed side manner!!
Ate here last night and loved it! Sushi was fresh and greatly portioned. Sushi Chef and owner Jin, visited our table and provided excellent recommendations and shared his knowledge with us about sushi. Atmosphere (decor, music, and service) was amazing... Will definitely become a regular!
I loved this place. We are visiting Phoenix and needed my nails done. Mine were chipped etc.  Loved this shop. I have very pretty flowers on my toes.  Price was very low and my  satisfaction is very high.
I stop in here at least once a week to get my DC fix. Ralph is extremely knowledgeable and helpful. A great place for those discovering comics or have been reading them for years.
I LOVE their motto \"Judgement free zone\" and it feels that way too.   It is definitely the cleanest gym I've ever belonged to.  I'm really glad our family started going here.  The staff is really friendly. Anna is our morning favorite.
Awesome food love the protein pancakes and great service. definitely a must go for breakfast. Expect to leave full with generous portions. Packed on a Saturday morning but people were being seated quickly so that's good. Five stars easy
Mango in salad still frozen. Cactus in salad from a can and briny. Received my ap at same time as friend's main, my main came 10 minutes later. Slow but enthusiastic service. Clearly passionate about authentic Mexican; small store with Mexican products onsite. Overpriced. Left annoyed.
Jordan was amazing! I was nervous getting my piercings but he explained everything before he did it, was cracking jokes to help calm me down, and was amazing. He's soooo good I recommend him to anyone that wants anything done!
This is the best ihop in the valley. So go there because they have great service and everyone is nice. The food is really good. My favorite food is the pancakes. They are the best, so next time you go try the whole wheat pancakes. This is also a very good place for kids. That's all Folks.
We took home a baguette and three fantastic portions of the charcuterie, plus homemade cornichons for $19,20. \n\nBTW, the Today show was visiting from NYC when I was there. I love this place.
A really nice, smaller theater.  I always think of it as the little sister to the Benedum.  I have seen plays, ballet, and movies here.
Rude shop. They speak in Vietnamese the ENTIRE time you're there. She spoke 4 English words total. If you're providing services to English speaking people- SPEAK ENGLISH in their presence!!!!
The sportsbook in Lagasse's Stadium is a joke.  Since I was staying at The Palazzo I thought I would try placing some plays there. Got there ten minutes till 9AM Saturday morning, and there is long line of bettors,  because they only have one cashier working.   Everyone waiting in line was complaining.
Amazing items! Beautifully curated! Unbelievable prices! I wish I had a larger place so I could fill it with unique and quirky items.
Parking is always a jam, but the food and atmosphere rocks.
We ordered food for a graduation party. The food was wonderful: fresh, well seasoned, innovative and packaged to travel. The staff was friendly and solicitous. 5 stars!
Love it here! Best Sunday Funday Spot!
What a great company to deal with. From the girl on the phone being very friendly and helpful, to my installer Mike who showed up a couple minutes early and did a great job; the entire experience was very smooth and was handled very professionally. I couldn't be happier. Thanks Integrity. I'll be sending business your way.
Took my first class today, the class was awesome, but the owners/ teachers are the sweetest and kind people, and that's what makes me want to always go back there when I feel like doing hot yoga!
Seriously! If another security gaurd asks me to move.... no dance floor, plenty of girls, and no place to sit and chill. To hell with this place at night! NEVER again
We had a great time being entertained while eating a delicous pizza. Yes it was crowd but there is plenty of seating. A special experience.... it is \"cash only\" so come prepared.  It was a fun time..
I LOVE this place! It's about $1 - $2 LESS per entree compared to other Thai restaurants. The place is CLEAN and the service is good. Very solid dining experience.
This place has a great beer selection!! The steaks were perfect. The staff was friendly and attentive. Will be going back. Reminds me of a classier Yard House
Good selection of machines, comfortable environment and down to earth, friendly people.
Great authentic Thai and Viet-Chinese. Friendly, neat decor and reasonably priced. Huge portions and lots of fresh herbs. A winner.
I have never sat through a comedy show and laughed from start to finish like I did with Carrot Top.  I saw him years and years ago when he was at the MGM and loved it, but now he's even better.  I can't recommend this show enough!
This was my most favorite ramen place in Vegas! It breaks my heart to find out this place closed down. ;_;
I live 1 hour away from this place i gladly drive 1 hour for an 8$ thread. Because it is so worth it. Reeta does it perfect! !  \nI have never gotten a better brow job than here.
I got really lost in here one night. Not lost in a drunken haze, just lost. Add the bad music and sleezy men, this made my night truly awful. \n\nI have no desire to go here ever again, and can't think of one person I know who would either.
The mimosa bar on Sundays is tasty and inexpensive. I haven't had the food, but this appears to be a classic sports bar.
We ordered the 44 Magnum with the extra shot and 1/2 yard. Between my honey and I we were definitely feeling the effects of the alcohol by the time we made it back out to the street. Well worth the $12. Unfortunately I've got a horrid headache now at 7pm from all the cheap liquor from today.
Tried the sandwich and soup lunch special.   I did the french dip and it was great and I wished I had ordered the full version.  Clam cowder soup was just ok.
Yellowtail carpaccio is amazing. Waygu beef is done quite rare so it's a bit too chewy.
I really like this place. The service is really good.  The food is awesome. The price is right.  I will be back for sure.
The Rice was under cooked.. And the beans were hard than hell.. And the chips WAY OVER SALTED for my taste and my mother complained as well.. Its a shame because i usually go crazy over chipotle... But this chipotle i will NOT be returning to..
Believe the hype!  As good as In-N-Out, but with the best concretes in town.  Service is also excellent.\n\nI would like to add that getting a double meat ruins the balance, so stick with a single.
I was randomly driving around because I had nothing better to do while I waited for a flight when I found this place. Food was great, the staff was friendly, and the food came right out. Loved it!
I really like this place -- had to give it a shout-out.  The fresh rolls, the pumpkin curry, the lemongrass noodles -- some of the best Thai food I've had.   Likewise with Bangkok Balcony up the street, with a similar menu and (I hear) the same owners.
OK, I can't believe I haven't written a review on this place. I have been here on and off over the years for a good ham and cheese croissant. They never fail, and their donuts are delicious as well. Highly recommend...
Tim is knowledgeable and so honest.  I highly recommend TMK.
This is a great stop for a quick patron shot or rendezvous with friends/family before heading out for a night on the town. I knew I was really in Vegas when I saw that this place had patron on tap. LOL! I had to stop. Patron on tap is something I'd never seen.
Seriously, I'm not gay, except that one time, and those other couple times. \n\nTotal dive, which is what is great about it.
This is the best show I've seen in vegas. I'm not really old enough to have known this band but coming here and hearing all the songs I heard as a kid when my parents were driving was great. awsome show. recomended for everyone
I have been coming here for years.  The new owners have maintained the same level of service and charm as the last two. Everyone is great, but my favorite is Donna.  She is friendly and extremely good at \"toe art\".
Saturday I ordered a cheeseburger,  2pc poppers and onion rings.. Not only did I wait 10 minutes the fried food were as hard as rocks, and I was given a double cheeseburger and charged for a double cheeseburger and large poppers.  \nVery unhappy!
The cashier at this toys r us was extremely rude.  My husband was trying to return something purchased with the allowed time frame and she was a bit snippy.  She definitely needed some work on the customer service department.
Roof top pool is gorgeous!
If you like Thai food, Thai Rama delivers the basics. I wasn't blown away but I will be back for the convenient drive up take out option. Simply average Thai spot. \n\nBusy at lunch, which is a good thing. Service was unorganized but courteous. Over all average.
Terrible tomatoey vindaloo.  Terribly overpriced and the charge 3.75 for rice with your dish.  Who did they bribe to win a \"best of lv\" award?
Great Bosnian food, excellent friendly service. I love this place.
Zoe Zoe Zoe!  My drink was never empty- she taught me how to shake it; my best friend has the best birthday. Thank you zo\u00eb!
Great casual bar with inexpensive cocktails. I was nervous to get a cocktail with gin but must say it was very well balanced. Definitely a great bar to pop into if u live in the area and want to grab some cocktails. I look forward to returning.
slow, very slow.  you would think for what they charge they would move a little faster. slow, sloowww, sllloooowwww.
Service was great.  Picked up on time,  Chaffeur was extra friendly  Great value.
Most of the food was average for a buffet. However I really like the coconut Chicken. Green beans where a little hard. But for the price it's nice place to sit back with a book and a plate of food.
Great fish & chips... Very very pricey for what u get!  Unless you go on friday... but the Halibut is crazy expensive... One piece for 11 bucks... ??? Yeah....
The Peking style duck  steamed buns were great and also the Kiki burger and  garlic fries were great
The cupcakes are pretty''' But for the pri$e'' I want it to taste as good as it looks'' fresh Frozen taste:{   You can tell there puttin there cupcakes in the freezer and mass baking them....Not fresh tasting at all''' Not worth what they charge for!
Mediocre, bland, tasteless.  Tried several items and all pretty boring.  The Lo mein tasted errrr didnt taste like anything but boiled noodles with lots of bean sprouts.  Not going back
The $5 special turn out to be $6.48. I felt cheated and there was no explanation. The mozzarella  sandwich which I had was not good at all. After the meal, I decided to go to Einsteins.
Great office.  Most of the staff has been there for many years and they always \"know\" you when you go in.  Dr. B is very caring and compassionate and gives the most painless shots ever! His son has  joined the practice and is just as nice as he is.
We loved this place! Great candy, great service and sooo entertaining. We did the VIP tasting and tour and it was worth every penny ($5 for the general tasting and tour, $10 for the VIP tour and chocolate pizza.) Love to see and support locally owned, family run businesses. Can't say enough good things about this place!
Zero stars.  Of all the places in LA to expand it had to be this hellhole.  Awful people, awful atmosphere, and probably the most arrogant bartender I've ever encountered.  And that's really saying something.
Awesome!! Sooo yummy. The girl that works there is super nice!
Love this yogurt shop! Always the best, most unique flavors.  Friendliest employees and plenty of sample cups.  Great service and awesome yogurt!
Worse restaurant ever food was bad the waiters hardly ever showed and when I Went to the restroom an employee used the restroom and never bothered to wash his hands WOW.. Then went right back to work with FOOD! To make it worse i brought it up to the managers attention and  He said \"OK.\"
this place is pretty fun and it's HUGE.  i love the wynn/encore clubs, b/c they all spill out to the pool and provides a lot more ventilation (since they get super crowded!).
Good bunch of young barbers!  The lady (forgot her name) is awesome too!  They are very polite and greet every customer with a smile.  Great price, efficient, clean and one of the best barber shops I've been to.  I should know, I'm a 21 year retired AF veteran.
This nail salon is one of the best in Vegas, I recently moved to Las Vegas and have tried several nail salons. Diamond nail salon exceed my expectations with friendly staff and excellent service. I am highly impressed!
this place is a big joke, why do people go there?? big line?? lol woowww  \n Service is slow, slowwwww. 40min to order drinks, and i tip 40%, your loss sweetie.
They have a bit of everything. I recommend the Sushi Pizza, hot and sour soup, and I hear their General Tao is v good.
LOVE the trampoline classes!! I look forward to the workouts every time and I leave feeling that I got a great workout every time. The staffs energy is very positive and encouraging. With this studio their maybe hope for me getting in shape after all
What better way to spend some hard earned cash and then have some entertaining people watching to do as well! Love the ambiance of the miracle mile. Also love the fact that they have a jamba juice inside :)
Waited for 25 minutes before asking for a manager for assistance. Too crowded and for all the lovely blue shirts walking around nobody bothered to help those of us standing around. Once I finally got help it was ok.
Good Boba. I've only been here a couple times cause it's pretty far from me but if I were closer I'd be here every week. I really like the blended honey dew. I want to try the taro and thai iced tea. I'll review if I ever get too.
I like this place for all of the reasons listed previously. \n\nIt's just a nice place to hang out with friends.\n\nTheres also a rumor that George W. went there on his last visit to Arizona.
Cute, chic studio. Jolene has been doing my hair for a while now and always does a great job. She makes my hair look better than expected every visit. Such a sweet girl and I highly recommend her and this salon to everyone!!
Always a smile. Fun place for the kids. Food ok. In fact food could be way better. More just a good place for food with kids
CVS Minute Clinic system text me that my doctor was ready but they made me wait now 30 minutes. This was a very unpleasant experience when your so sick. Stay tuned for update.\n\nGoing on 40 minutes and no doctor.... Still waiting...
Food was okay. 3 of us got the surf and turf. They over cooked our filets. The desert however was delicious. We got the cheesecake, frozen s'mores, trio of creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e = yum. Next time I'd stick with fish. No meat.
This place leave so bad business for people...  They say they close at 11 but dont want to sell ANYTHING after 10.... Don't understand how the manager or the owner let this happen..  Such a good cakes for a horrible service
Best place in Pitt!  This is from an L.A. girl.  I was so fed up with the tacky shit out here then I found AVA and Shadowbox!  Awesome real music and real people.  Thanks for bringing the real back.
Breakfast offerings here are plentiful and delicious.  I had the fresh spinach, bacon, and mushroom omelette that was outstanding.  My friend had raspberry and granola pancake that she raved about.  Potatoes were a touch too salty.  Will definitely visit here again.
The service was amazing. The owner was extremely kind and welcoming. The food was freshly made and delicious. I would highly recommend anyone to give it a go.
Not my favorite at all. If you have the choice go to subway. Im pretty sure they put a whole jar of mayo THAT WASN'T EVEN GOOD on my sandwich. Not going back. Team subway!! ;)
Amazing Service. GreaT People. Will be right back for sure!!! Yay for the future of Hybrid Electric!!!! Among other great Things!!!
My wife got me an hour and a half massage for my birthday and I went in a little skeptical.  I was blown away with the quality of the message!
Sadly this business has closed. :(
Pizza and salads very good as well as the pookie. Only complaint is a few of the staff are pretty rude not very customer friendly. I'm still a believer in telling a customer thank you and some response.
The food tastes delicious. Karaoke night was extremely fun. Just extremely LOUD. The prices for what you get are a little too much though.
this was a great little boutique hotel. right at the gateway to chinatown. really easy to get to rest of montr\u00e9al. service was great, and friendly. room was nicer than i was expecting it to be for the price. and the free wifi was decent as well
It's alright!\n\nI personally think that it is too expensive for what you get. I enjoyed but my mum who is a woman experiencing menopause didn't like it. \n\nCould be a tiny more fun and less cheesy and I think would get an extra star.
While not necessarily an art destination, this small gallery is a worthwhile diversion in the Strip District.  The small space features one or two distinct installations, and in addition to the exhibitions, the adjacent store stocks a variety of handmade crafts.  Worth checking out if you're in the area, not least because the admission's free.
This is a neighborhood joint in Grayhawk which has a nice ambiance. However the food and service could really use an upgrade. This was my first trip here, and perhaps a Monday night didn't have the best and brightest working. I'll give it a second try.
Absolutly the worst pizza my wife and i have ever tried. We are from chicago and know our pizza.  Crust was the only thing that was NOT bad and it was just average. Very little sausage and the cheese was bland and not melted. Way too many peppers on it. Just plain bad.
Warm and inviting ambiance.  Breakfast panini and burritos are very good.  Plenty of froo-froo drinks but I like their basic hot, black coffee. Pastry selection is tasty, too.
Slowest drive thru and inside is just as bad! It's been bad for years. I don't understand why they can't get it together.
The live music was great but the food was way to expensive for lunch. I came there with my girlfriend and paid $15 for an okay sandwich. Management and staff were great and overall atmosphere. PLEASE do a Lunch Special!
Awesome panang curry\nGood pad kee mao\nPad thai was ok, not bad\nCrunchy pork basil wasn't my cup of tea
Lupie's is a Charlotte institution. It is the sort of place that you take out of town guests- but you never actually go there yourself. The food is not that great, but the atmosphere is perfectly laid back.\n\nI have to share the nachos. Gigantic portions.
Chili roasted beef burrito with the medium green sauce is amazing!  I had the enchiladas here once but ended up being sad because the burrito is so much better.  Portion is huge, so come hungry or take some home for later.
This place is great!  5 blocks from Fremont Street. Easy to walk. Excellent service and food is fantastic. This is much better than the crap food at the casinos.  I highly recommend it.
Terrible service. Staff claims they have no manager & can do whatever they want. Got horrible product the last 3 times. Was told by \"Elizabeth\" at southern & Dobson. that I could come back for replacement but got there 3 days later & told no way! \nVery rude!
Pineapple bun looked burnt.  I didn't enjoy the filling of the chicken bun.  Almond wafer cookies were good.
Brios does an amazing salad. My favorite has been the sliced steak salad.  Tonight I had their wedge salad with bacon, tomato and dressing.  Absolutely fantastic.
Carpet was sticky.\nBathroom was VERY mildewy.\nNon-smoking room stank of smoke.\nSeriously, the carpet was sticky throughout the room. Gross.
A japanese all you can eat place.  The hostess was a bitch, so this place gets a 1 star.  The food itself is actually pretty good, but that doesn't override the bad service.
Love this club because: \n\n- It's intimate\n- Easy to mingle\n- Fun crowd! \n- Can never turn down unlimited champagne before midnight...or was it\n  1pm?? Regardless.\n- Decor\n\nThere! This must be my shortest review.
Anyone who orders from here is too lazy to get on yelp and look for a better place. Normally I think crappy Chinese food is good. This is below my standards..yuck
This place opened too early. They have almost nothing in there. I would give them that but I bought milk that was pull date 5 days after I bought it. I got it home and it was so sour it was in CHUNKS! Clearly not caring for their products properly if that is happening.
Met Vladimir last weekend and he was exceptionally interesting and friendly.  Our sales person was Hannah and she was a delight.  We bought three prints for ourselves and one for a friend.  Wonderful art and great people!
Excellent gaming with a touch of the french!  Really good crepes too!
Pretty good Dim Sum menu.  Best to go between 11am to 1pm for the best and freshest selection.  Prices are fair.
Been here twice and both times had yummy treats! The cake shots I had we're delish and the gobbs were soft and yummy! I recently had a custom chocolate chip cake and it was so moist.
I have been coming to this location quite a bit and never had an issue. I went today and they refused to take my Discover card because they don't accept it even though I have never had a problem in the past. AVOID THIS LOCATION IF YOU USE DISCOVER!
What a great place!  Found it on the Around Me app while looking for a place to take my niece and nephew. The \"kid's burgers were huge and I had the southwest scramble. Amazing. Would be great place to have a drink too. Our server Christi was fun and quick. I'll definitely be back
The wine selection and the Sommelier are were both top notch! The domestic waygu chef's selection was awesome! I also had the best beef tare tare of my life. Will definitely be back and can't recommend Craftsteak enough!!!!!
I went in for an exam and birth control today. I saw Dr Pritchard and she was such a sweetheart and really knew what she was talking about! \nThe receptionists were very nice and helpful as well and I was very impressed with the overall visit. I will be definitely going back there again!
Had a excellent time here, we had the steak picado, shredded beef taco's, and cheese enchiladas! Food was the best, and will make a point to come back when ever we are in town. Great and friendly service!
Gordy is the best home inspector I have met in 23 years of Selling real estate.  He is a former home builder and he knows how a house is built.  He has every tool created for home inspectors.
Aside from the fact that we came late and all the seats were taken so we had to stand in the back the entire time - some of the act were actually pretty funny. I think we came on amateur night, so I wasn't expecting Robin Williams golf joke caliber or anything, but I found myself laughing a lot.
Hip and modern... Love this place oxtail soup was delicious and they always have a lot of specials that's not on the menu
Great coffee, good food, the staff is friendly, and free wifi... 'nuff said ;-)
Great food! \n\nCheesy decor.\n\nBut lots of tables to choose from.\n\nFast service.\n\nBut not so friendly employees.\n\nJust let the gyros take you awayyyyyyyyy!
Pretty cool show, beautiful and if you are a fan of the Beatles or for that matter music in itself make sure you catch this show.
I really enjoyed this place.  I had el pastor and carnitas  tacos and torta. All were very good. Nice to see a good Mexican restaurant in this area. I will be back again and again. The food ,service and prices are outstanding.
My Hawaiian family loves it here everytime my stepmom comes in off the road she's has a special place for them and I've grown more and more accustom to their kula pig great to go if your in town
Service - excellent \nAtmosphere - good\nFood - bad\n\nWon't be back...even fries and onion rings were bad
Well the hummus was good but that was about it. The Mediterranean salad with chicken was a disappointment. The chicken was over cooked and dry. I spent close to 13 bucks for a salad with dry Chicken and a two dollar bottle of water . Don't waste your money.
It's 10:16 am they just opened... The check out lines are long- elderly people scrambling to find a place to stand in a busy, unorganized Costco mess... Seriously management must awaken to a better effective way to care for their patrons.
I recently moved into the Pointe at U of I.  The move in went smooth.  There where a couple small maintenance items which where addressed quickly.  I am use to living on campus and its amazing the difference in response time at this property.
The only place I will ever go to get my hair done! Jillian works wonders every visit! The staff is always friendly and the store is beautiful. You will walk out feeling like a model :)
Great ambiance, great food and great service! Glad a girlfriend told me about this hidden gem. Ordered my entree but wasn't sure what wine to order so the bartender offered a few samplings before I decided! We will definitely be back!
Decent free show for adults and kids to see.  Need to get there early so you can see well.  Otherwise the crowds will obscure your view somewhat.  Gets hot if you are right next to the fence!
I don't usually eat fast food. being new to the neighborhood my family went to try. and we found it is really good!  It is always busy but delivers speedy and yummy food. The prices are a little high for fast food - but worth the occasional treat!
I mostly ordered Nigiri when I visited, the fish were not fresh at all.  We sat at the bar and the sushi chef were not very friendly; felt like I was asking for money when ordering sushi.  I think I would rather take my money and go to that Other place.
If you want good Cali style taqueria food this is it!! Everything had good flavor! Rice, guacamole, blackened chicken tacos, surf & turf, and the salsas were all excellent! Good service and a casual, unpretentious atmosphere was also exactly what I was looking for.
I usually only uses drive-thru to do deposits and payments.  Sometimes there's only 1 person working the drive-thru windows, so it takes a long time doing my transactions.  Wish they would change that so I won't have to take my money elsewhere.
Good food, good service.  Classy place, nice view.  Great outdoor patio when the weather is nice.  Try it.
I was starving after a crazy drive to Arizona and waiting another two hours for my friend's aunt, but the pizza was fast, cheesy and delicious, but INCREDIBLE crispy texture, but the sauce was thumbs down not good but I was completely filled and happy.
Went with my Portuguese friend. He was very happy.  Great lingusa  and beef. I would recommend it.
They have root beer in pony kegs!  This place is nuts!  I bought 4 different flavors of cream soda.  WOW!  It was the most different varieties of sodas that I have ever seen in one place.  Too much things for my mind to process.  Must go back to take in all the things going on.
Great food! Great prices! Awesome environment. Looking out the window at Guadalupe Road almost makes you feel like you're at a diner in Tokyo.I'll be coming back for sure!
Food was terrible. Clams had enough sand to build a sandcastle.  Sauce was tasteless.  Ordered veal parm, got chicken.  Only good things was the salad and the cappuccino.  Don't waste your $
When it comes to Hawaiian food, Ross J's is as good as it gets.
A really nice bar, they used to be over on University but are on Gorham now.  Their new location is huge and sometimes feels too big, but the bar is great and has this sweet ice strip through it to keep your drinks chilled.  Cool bartenders and good specials.
Dont do it!!! Food poisoning from the happy hour chicken taco's...i would have rather ran a marathon than get that sick ever AGAIN!!!
The grilled pineapple and the sausages were great. Nice and friendly staffs make the experience quite fun and enjoyable. I totally meat out for the week.
I went from saying \"Thank god it's Friday\" to saying \"this is the worst diarrhea I've ever had\" on Saturday.
Finally got around to eating here after many co-workers telling me how good the food was. It definitely lived up to the hype. The food was really flavorful and the service was friendly and fast.
Went there two times...totally disappointed. Super over price, food sucks especially the sushi, not many choices...totally dun worth $35 per person! Dun go here... go wicked spoon at cosmopolitan. Brunch only $22. Nice place, good food, many choices.
Took my nieces here a few weeks ago. Great place for kids of all ages. Very inexpensive too so that was a bonus.
Huge fan of the wings and chilli cheese fries! I always go for the Ranchilada and Red, Hot, and Bleu sauces. They're a good combination of spicy and flavorful.
Terrible service just trying to call and make a reservation. The lady on the phone told my husband that they can only take reservations for 6 people and up, and when I called, said only 8ppl and up. She also hung up on us twice. Would never go there.
Husband was there this week,DrPepper nozzle was lying on the floor.  He took nozzle to cashier who immediately came around the counter and put it back on, without any washing, ick.  What else don't they wash...hmm.
I've been here a few times after going to the gym. The service whether they are busy or not is always meh at best. The beer on draft is plentiful, but they always seem to be out of my first choice. The atmosphere is nice. The food only acceptable, but PRICEY for a bar.
These people are the friendliest people I have ever encountered.... seriously. The gelato is SO SMOOTH. Coconut is so delicious I almost died.
When our favorite asian food place, WOKS INN closed, we wondered where we would eat.\n\nWell these guys make some great food, if you haven't had it get the Wonton Soup because it is excellent.
Great food and great service. I will definitely come back \nStrongly recommend this place
The food here is amazing! Pure Italian food freshly cooked. If you love amazing food that's a bang for your buck then this is your place. I recommend the Spaghetti with sausage and for desert their cookie with Ice cream
You get what you pay for!   Cheap rooms, crowded pool equals nasty smoking people and nasty dirty pool water.  Shark tank is cool but the crowds are not.
Very subpar. Dessert is good (chocolate cake and fruit tart) but the rest is meh. Kind of worried that I will get worms or sick from the tuna poke.
I love love love the BEEF SATAY NOODLE SOUP !!!! \nI'm so addicted! Do yourself a favorite and try it! \nI'm here twice a week!
Very relaxing and the food on Saturdays don't hurt. Wish it had more vendors during the farmer's market. Clean and relaxing.
Best entertainment value on the Strip.  Very talented.  Behind Vinnie Favorito, he is best.
The teriyaki bowl with white meat is good.  It's not knock your socks off but I go there weekly to get my rice bowl fix on.\n\nThe lunch service is pretty fast which is a big plus.
casino closed again.\n\n\nwebsite states they are closed and their doors are chained up and have signs on them.
Stopped here for the first time tonight. The store is a small corner store with three or four tables. You can watch the three cooks cooking your meal. I ordered their chicken chow mein to go. The vegetables were crisp and the flavor good. I will come back.
9.95 for a 3 year old kid ..Its too much for the price ..a few pieces of beef and a couple bites of fried rice !! Never go back again !! \nCheap meat !! the food isn't fresh !! \nServer is good though ..
Save your money for something else ...\nThis SHORE is too small, the drinks overpriced, they will try to force a $250 bottle of vodka onto your table even if you say no to it ... scam!!!\n\nmusic is ok
Muuuuuch better than Sbux. I really enjoy this place every time!
Stuck in a little strip mall, which seems typical for the area. Nice ambiance given that. The staff was delightful and helpful, and the panang curry was excellent, as was the Thai iced tea and the Thai tea ice cream. I would definitely return and recommend.
See my review for Red Lobster in Tucson, last updated today, to see the contrast between how Outback Steakhouse and Red Lobster handles complaints.. I'm still waiting for the Outback manager to get back to me.
Beautiful place, very friendly stuff, close to free parking. But i came here to eat, not to watch pretty fishes... and food was just OK
i love this place. For the price and the amount of quality food, its my favorite place.  Very simple and the price is right.
Gotta love Chen Wok!  This place is FAR better than Kentucky Fried Panda (Panda Express)!
Freddy fixed an issue with my hot water tank and everything works great.  I found his service to be reliable, affordable and quick.  I felt like he knew his work well and that I can trust his opinion and guidance.  Would definitely work with again!
Never tried the food, the smell was so bad upon walking in had to leave. They must have sewage backing up in the building. NEVER going back. \nSorry, for the bad review but the health dept needs to look into this
I enjoyed the experience.  Good selection, decent prices, and quick service.\n\nI tried two interesting options: chicken pesto pizza and baked potato pizza.  Enjoyed both a lot.
A must-do in Scottsdale!!! We had so much fun and it was a great workout. I would highly recommend this!
great Pho, very friendly owner and great service. Pho is on the pricey side
Fresh fish, fresh n healthy preparations, good variety of seafood from sushi, to sandwiches to salads, all pretty good. We love to go there wish parking was a lil better and they were open later.
After a day at the Grand Canyon, we arrived late & not at our prettiest with kids in tow. Fondue excellent as was chicken & waffles. Prices very reasonable and portions surprisingly generous. Delicious!
A manager did call back and said they would call back in a couple days.  Never heard from them again that was 10 days ago.  So they took the $25 in cash for the bill and charged my card $25.
Gallo Blanco has the most delicious ceviche I've ever tasted in AZ. Portion size is plentiful and the chips are quality. I love the indie music selection it really adds to the vibe of Gallo Blanco. If I'm in the area I make it a point to visit.
Great burger and fries--hot and flavorful, good toppings. Not exactly Michelin star quality but a great burger joint, which it aims to be. Friendly and efficient service.
I had a pretty good experience at the Doric.  Yes, the restaurant is upstairs and you have to do a little exploring to find the staircase.  The food was decently priced and the beer was pretty good.  Service was fast and helpful.
Good cheap mexican food...that's it.  Don't come expecting more than that.  I like it during the day though because, again, it's cheap, good and the portions are pretty hefty.
I usually go here about 1:45- 2:15 a.m. Fridays or Saturdays during the school year to watch people fight., the pizza tastes like cardboard, and the crust will cut the roof of your mouth. Also there ranch tastes weird...
I just got off the phone with a manager (Rory) who helped me plan a special menu for an upcoming meal. He was extremely helpful and took the time to talk through each dish with me. The service at this restaurant is beyond fantastic...thank you!
First time here today... I have to say.. I will be coming back..  I had the Sake Rato I like it
Place has gr8 steaks especially on 2 for 1 Sundays.  Service is mediocre.  Sports bar atmosphere w/typical bar food.  Loved their rib eye.  Seating outside is an option.
SideBar is a great downtown spot. Always a good vibe, good music, nice mix of people and great cocktails. Perfect for a nightcap after dinner at one of Phoenix's many unique downtown restaurants.
My first time here and it was absolutely amazing!! Surprisingly superb beer selection. Our server was very helpful, made great suggestions and was genuinely kind.. Great place!!!
This is the worst company and the worst exp I have ever had. Save yourself being over charged and damages to your furniture. I will never use this company again! If i could give them no stars I would.
Great food and service. Must try the steak kabob plate and if u like chicken as well. Get the combo plate! Very filling so no need to order any extra.
Great atmosphere and food. Love the collards! Wait staff really accommodating. Best bartender is Eric. My kids also love going there and writing on the chalk board walls.
Had The 8\" big John.  Rare Roast Beef was very good, lettuce was cold in the sandwich good amount of mayo, not Their best sandwich, altogether.
ugh...this buffet made me sick.  I was eating my life away just fine.  And then I decided to have the crab legs.  Big mistake.  I walked back to my hotel feeling nauseated.  I spent the rest of my 21st birthday in the bathroom.  Enough said.
Never again. If you want to pay 20 bucks for frozen kool-aid then you found the right place. Do yourself a favor and find a Fat Tuesday and do it big
Dude, this pizza is gross. Canned mushrooms? Such a deal-breaker. Also, they put clumps of frozen spinach on top without really defrosting it or squeezing out water. And the clumps were COLD.
Loved the food. Great location. Family place. BUT service is hit and miss. Week day lunch took 90 minutes, and made me late for work. Coupons keep it inexpensive.
I agree with everyone on this place.... The best coffee in town, fantastic food.  Olivier makes everyone feel welcome.  I went there once and everytime I return, he always remembers my name.  It's a little hard to find but well wort it!
Easily one of the best things we did while in Vegas.\nBut take your time because you can go through it really fast.
Everytime we're in town this is our vape shop to hit up for juice and all our vacation vape needs! They have a wide selection of juices too!
24 hours to wait for a prescription is ridiculous! Hore more people or something. People need their meds!!\nI wish there was another pharmacy that accepted my insurance. I'm willing to pay cash at this point to go somewhere that can actually have a decent turn around.
Nice hotel that is starting to feel a little old school. I stayed her back in the 1990's and it was hip. Today I feel it's starting age a little. Still all in all it's a great place to stay.
Place has gone so far down hill only way to fix it is close down and start over. Got my whole order wrong offered me a 8 dollar credit. They can take a hike lost a customer forever
It was the best Tapas in Vegas and for the price, would probably still be(even with the addition of serrano and Jaleo).  I miss this place!
I love shopping here even in the 100 degree heat!  The place is small but all the shop are worth going too.  You just can't go wrong here.
Came in last night (Saturday) for a slice. 15 minutes and $5 for a slice?! Egads. Ya'll gotta do better
I live in California and I'm here visiting family. We all decided to get our nails done. This shop is very clean and nice. The staff is also extremely friendly. I would definitely come here often if I lived in the area. Complementary massages as well!!
Amazing start to finish. I brought wine for my date and I and I don't know if they just forgot or were nice to us being locals, but we weren't charged a corkage fee. Everything was delicious. I couldn't pick a fave!
great chai   !!!  this place has alot of room to move around and enjoy your coffee and wifi...
Always friendly employees.
Very attentive staff and very friendly. Food was excellent. I love spice and this place sure delivered. I ordered the pad kee mow, spicier than Thai hot. It was incredible. Great flavor, great spice. Would definitely come back here.
I had my wedding reception there, and it was AMAZING! The staff was wonderful and the woman that helped with everything (her name was Paula) was so sweet and so beyond helpful! We had such a great experience. The food was delicious, I have absolutely no complaints! We couldn't ask for a better experience.
it's a school, enough said. not sure what they are teaching in there but my nephew comes home saying things like \" that's COO\" or \"uncle i'm gonna be late for SCHOO\" .
Good for a few hours of fun away from the strip.  Nice exhibits.  Not too technical for me but not too 'dumbed-down' for hubby, who has a PhD in physics.  Besides, where else can you have your picture taken next to Robby the Robot?
The food here is good value and fast. Pretty good cheap fast gyros and decent burgers and fries make it a good place to visit.
Look fo coupons! Great bread. Good food.
If you're going to go raw in Vegan, this is the place to do it!  This restaurant is soooo amazing! The burritos are very tasty.  You have to try their juices as well; they're impressive!
Good food and great service. We went for lunch and had the italian nachos, which were yummy. They also have a combo special that is a good deal.
Love my massage therapist and intend to go only to her. Front desk is like going to McDonalds, unprofessional and conversations are those that clients should not hear. I am giving 4 stars because the therapist is SO good and I feel like she is someone I would go to no matter the price.
Great drink specials for happy hour and Tuesday lady nights. The food service was slacking. Orders were made wrong, food  was cold :/
People and company make mistakes. \nThe owner personally took responsibility for the mistake and fixed the problem. \n\nThis shows they care about their customers and value the business!!
I love this location. The managers are so funny and nice and the selection can't be beat.
The amount of oil used in the cooking is beyond ridiculous. Mexican cook for indian cuisine? Really? My wife got diarrhea 1/2 after eating food. Enter at your own risk
Fourth time here and the food is so delicious. Tonight I'm having the Garlic Chicken which is virtually perfect. My son is having the Traditional Kung Pao Chicken which is too spicy for me but the flavor is wonderful.
5 star service!!!\n\nMy transaction was handled impeccably, efficiently and courteously by Rich.\n\nThey had me in and out of there with 4 new tires, in under 45 minutes.\n\nThanks guys!
Unfriendly\nUnderstaffed\nSlow\nSucks\nThird World Like\n\nNot fun\nNot nice\n\nGood times, not!!!!!
I must be spoiled and realize that this is not a big grocery store. I tend to think the store is a good place in a pinch for Asian ingredients. Mostly, Chinese and Vietnamese products for those looking for Japanese products might have to go elsewhere. In a pinch it is great, hopefully with local support this store can improve.
Fun place to try out. I found the shrimp was a lot better than the crawfish. You just don't get enough meat from the crawfish. Overall the food wasn't really my cup of tea.
this is my local verizon store. these people are always super nice and helpful with all my questions. the only thing that irks me is they are always are trying to sell me something i do not want.
I've had  Andy Klein as my advisor for about 4 years now and been at ease the whole time. Mr. Klein always calls me when he thinks my investments should be placed in a better situation. Its nice to know that he is watching out for me and calls me personally. He is definitely #1 in my book. Thank you Andy Klein!!
This is one of our favorite Mexican restaurants.  Love the variety in the menu, especially the green sauces.  Have been to this new location and have always had good service.
This will be a boon to the PV Mall area, indefinitely. I'm just hoping a Sam's Club doesn't open up somewhere in the vicinity and the mall shatter beneath corporate giants, we don't need another Christown.
No ones answering the phone and ive been calling since 6:30pm and your business hours are till 8. Unacceptable. \nRegret purchasing yelp deal. I'm not the first person to complain .
The best samich I've ever had. I'm hooked on the turkey bacon ranch sub. I love going here, they are friendly and never get my order wrong. I definetely couldn't work here, I'd be fat as I don't know what.
Worst pedicure/manicure I've gotten in Charlotte.  The place is dirty & the 2 guys we had were not meticulous at all.  I will never go back there.
Gave me a quote for over $1100 to replace all 4 motor mounts. They said all 4 were \"toast\". Went to dealership for second opinion and they said only 1 needed to be replaced. Amazing that the dealership is more honest than this place. Will not be going back.
Great brunch at a reasonable price!! Highly recommend the mussels for a starter!!
I love the ambience.  Great food too! But the hostess is rude or doesn't know how to greet and treat people.
Super place to eat. Don't waste your money on Denny's or Ihop. Great food, staff and service. Open 24/7
Friendly atmosphere, down-to-earth vibes, and great coffee.  This is my regular go-to shop for caffeine and comfort :)
I went to this place on recommendations  by friends, I quickly found out that the bartender is an ass, acting like I am a bother, a bit racist I found.this is so sad in this world, noatter where I go, racism is rampant in the gay community.  If I would give a zero star if I could!
Loved it!!\n\nStopped in for a late breakfast. Enjoyed the Farmhouse Irish breakfast with coffee, while my wife had a chicken sandwich. Both selections were excellent. \n\nA must stop in Vegas.
This place is a sports bar so there's not really much to report on here.  The wings are excellent and so are the tacos. The quality of service here changes like the seasons. Some days it's hot and some days it's cold.
My wife and I discovered Roadside while house hunting in the area...simply put...good food, atmosphere and friendly and efficient service!!!\n\nHighly Recommended!!
Love this place & service!!!! Roberto is amazing! Plus mariachi girl singer .... Been here probably 100 times!!!
Food was ok, service was unfriendly and slow. Felt like they were doing us a big favor by allowing us to eat at their establishment.
Reasonable prices, great service, unique and delicious rolls.  This one is also in a great location right in Kierland Commons.  I consider myself very picky when it comes to sushi and this is a place I am very appreciative of having recommended to me.  I am a true fan of RA!
Average.  Many acts are very repetitive.  The sense of humor tends towards the juvenile and obvious.\n\nThe theater is small so all the seats should be good.  In fact, if you're in the balcony you should be safe from being pulled onto the stage and made to do things that may amuse or traumatize you.
Went there during lunch.   Had the crispy pork jerky and sticky rice.   Was delicous but would like to experience more dishes when they expand their menu.
Been here several times for breakfast and lunch.  Great home made food.  Soup is extra good.  Try the chicken salad sand. and potato salad.
They lost stars due to allowing grown men use the \"FAMILY\" dressing rooms to change and shower KNOWING that it's reserved for people with children under 17.  What does THAT tell you!
Totally rude staff!! Denied a glass of water because she didn't want to buy a drink up at the bar and we were rudely told to take a couple drinks from outside the bar out. I understand the policy but there is no reason to be so mean and rude!!
My family and I have been coming here for a very long time and I love this place!! The food is excellent! The service is great! You can't get better Chinese food anywhere else! I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys chinese food and a great atmosphere!!
Over rated, not bad by any means but definitely doesn't live up to the hype and I don't understand why its constantly busy other than location.\n\nMediocre food, mediocre service, great location.
Helpful, quick and cheap. The shady rental car company across the street (ACE rental car) screwed me out of my reservation. Without a reservation, I was in and out of the Hertz office with a better car for a similar price in 15 minutes.
The food is bland and we got sick after eating in this place so we never came back after that first visit. But if you like desserts I guess its ok.
30 mins and counting... I still don't have my food. The restaurant is half filled. What happens if it was a fully packed?
There food is delicious and they have a fine selection of gelato. The inclusion of the coffee bar is a nice touch. The spring and fall seem like the best times to go given the beautiful AZ weather. Give this a place a try!
Infusionsoft is THE best software for automating a small/medium business with the type of features and capabilities that were previously only available to the Fortune 500.  In addition,  there are dozens of great 3rd party apps that bolt on to extend the functionality even further.
This is a awesome structure. 40 stories up and 360 view of the city. Great staff that is knowledgeable about the city, history and great recommendations for stuff throughout the city. During the day is great but, by night, it is alive with lights. Not expensive about 15.00 per person and always a must do for me.
It's almost as good as In and Out only you pay more....oh, and the fries aren't as good.
Bring hand sanitizer for you and the staff. For years this franchise has, through lack of action, decided warm faucet water in the bathrooms is not a necessary franchise standard. \n\nGreat bar staff. Food product is fairly consistent and usually prompt.
Laid back environment, but great food.  I get the Hawaiian short ribs here all the time.  The food is cheap for the tastiness you get.  It's Yummy.  Try it!
Received a gift certificate for a birthday and stashed it away in a hiding spot. A year later I went to use it and they wouldn't accept it. I find it to be terrible business to not accept even a partial amount. Never going back.
Great tortas and baked goods too - will definitely be coming back! Place is very friendly and locally owned too.
Very unique and authentic breakfast. This is not a \"IHOP\" type. Everything is made and presented delicately. Will definitely go back to check out the salads.
Love Sunday Night Steak night
This is a cheap ass sportsbook. Yeah the odds are pretty much like the other books in town but i made a $20 wager and asked for a drink ticket and they said the minimum was $50 to get a lousy drink ticket i mean how much does a lousy beer cost
Food took forever to come out. By the time we got the food, we were disappointed with the food. The food was tasteless, hard, and pricey.
Terrible experience. They're being ridiculous. Rude staff. Pool area is a really sad place. Drinks ridiculously overpriced. Never staying here again.
This place was nice and clean but my roll was not good at all. The rice seem old and hard and not very flavorful. Hoping that it was just a one time bad experience.
I love this little place right in Market Square. I had the eggplant pram which was a whopping portion if delish. Friendly service and a feast little patio made for a lovely, if very filling, lunch
There isn't a Cici's in my neighborhood so I checked it out based on their television commercials.  The pizza has no flavor and the salad bar was a disgrace.  Not sure what I was expecting for a $5 lunch.
Absolutely wonderful service and the Half Shredded Prime Rib Sandwich and Loaded (and I do mean loaded) potato soup is stupendous
Multi-continental tapas with modest friendly service? Sure!
My daughter and I loved Mac King.  The magic is amazing and he is so funny.  We laughed and laughed.  Still smile thinkiNg about him days later.  Go and enjoy.
Great karaoke 7 nights a week ..the kj is good and the sound system was great..it is smokey inside but thats just what ya have to live with to dp karaoke in Nevada.  We will definately return ..a fun supportive karaoke crowd
Good service; friendly staff; great selection and fresh ingredients.  Clean. Doesn't get any better than this!
Check out my blog review and photos:\n\nhttp://food-tales-and-other-fun.tumblr.com/post/24344649924/
LOVED!!  Was one of the best parts of our trip and we go to Vegas often.  We have been wanting to try for year and our expectations were exceeded.  Can't wait to go back and try other flights.  Highly recommend!!
Fun college bar with good food! It does get pretty crowded because it's so popular. If you want to avoid the crowds, don't go after about 11:00 PM, if you like the crowds and the action, you'll love it after 11 PM. I wish they would make the patio no smoking.
Best hot and sour soup in town. OMG.  You can't go wrong in this place.   Best customer service.
Really enjoyed the steak i got and loved the novelty of the restaurant! BEST SERVICE I HAVE GOTTEN ON THE STRIP, PEROID! Wine selection is also pretty good
The service was top of the line.  Atmosphere is fun, fairly loud - ensure you are having a cocktail or glass of wine.\n\nThe rating is for the food - which was passable, but in no way memorable.
Really good. A solid 3.5\nSteak was good. Try it with the foie gras butter. Really enjoyed the lobster Mac and cheese.\nBest part - the smoking patio and a really good selection of cigars.
Delicious sandwiches and soups.  Don't just get the desserts!
Got boots that I've been wanting on sale for about 100 off
MaryLou at AZ Hair Co is very, very, very good!  Thank you for having such a talented stylist!
I had an issue with plumbing and did needed it fixed that evening.  Service was quick (only had an hour window) an problem was fixed quickly.  I definitely recommend Freddy Fox Rooter
Clean, friendly staff.  The bonus of this far from the main strip is just that.  Was great to have a more quite, low key place to crash - sure they food options were lacking and it is far from where you want to be, but for the price and the small amount of people, I'd recommend it.
Been wanting to try this place for awhile.  I enjoyed my meal, Service was good.  My friend thought their meal was only ok.  Will be back to try a mojito.
Poorest service I have ever had in my life! Never go there again. Took them 45 minutes to get a damn piece of cheesecake. How hard can it be, people! I mean really!
Love it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Love it ! So japan just come and eat ......................
Convenient and quick.  Very attentive staff. Varied menu, including 24/7 breakfast selections. I appreciate that you can itemize the breakfast options.  I hate having to order \"breakfast for a king,\" when I only want a quick snack. Priced fair.
Great service and the mango ice is pure heaven! The staff was very friendly and they get skimpy on the servings. So glad they are open for the spring/summer season!
The bagel was good but I'm more of a NY style bagel kind of girl. I don't like my bagels as dense. \n\nI did quite enjoy watching the guys make the bagels though while waiting to order - that itself was worth the taxi ride from our hotel downtown to try Montreal's Best Bagel!
The Arizona Attorney General's office would be able to help us. File your complaint here.   https://www.azag.gov/complaints/consumer
Had 2 Sonoran Dogs. Great! Chips salsa and bean dip free was a nice surprise and my wife got the mango salsa chicken tacos which were really good. It would have been a 5* but her chicken could have been more moist.
We seem to be on a BBQ tour of the midwest.  This is one of our top 3.  The place is tiny so be prepared to wait.   The service is very attentive considering how packed the place always seems to be.  Will be back!
I love their coffee!! Any form of mocha, cappucino, etc. Gimme gimme! Happy happy girl here. They have lovely sandwiches and you know I never got to anything else but do try the high test!
easily one of the best pizza places anywhere, the family is from Brooklyn, New York and they know what they are doing. Next time you are in Las Vegas take a trip off strip and go to Rocco's...west charleston location or out in Summerlin...try the fried rice balls and the garlic knots!
Great restaurant and now they have a satellite location at the airport! Awesome staff and service that is very friendly and helpful. Food is very flavorful and fresh. Ingredients are top notch and it is definitely reflected in the food. I love that the airport now has a great food option instead of the normal fast food garbage!
This is one of the biggest, nicest Sephora locations I've been into. It's located right next to the Venetian and is pretty easily accessible if you park there or at Casino Royale. They've always been pretty nice to me here, including telling me where to find items that they no longer carry.
Delicious hot dogs.\n\nThe Wednesday special is great, Chicago dog, fries and drink for less than 5 bucks.\n\nService is decently fast and the dude that owns the place seems cool, although some people think hes rude, I think hes cool just for owning such an establishment.
Favorite part of the meal - hush puppies and sweet tea! I think i can just eat that for dinner.
Great service and fresh toppings. Glad we went here instead of TCBY , great flavor and tons of toppings. Give them a try sorta a hidden jewel!
This location closed December 28, 2013. I work in the mall and this JC's Five Star (JCPenney) is closed and now vacant.
Chinese food is generally speaking horrible for you, but this place bucks the trend. They use healthy fresh ingredients, and don't drown the meals in sauce. I've had the whole menu and can say I've liked everything. Great prices too.
Came by over the weekend to hit a bucket of balls. The mats were getting pretty worn out. The mats near the pro shop looked decent, but the further you went, they were pretty beat up. Not all of the mats had the rubber tees. Just needed to be cleaned up and maintained.
If your on the ROAD! quick stop ...Always Clean! Massive various variations of quick snak to quick drinks, and slurpies.  The famoust rooster booster is a must get as well as there bbq chix taquitos. prices are outrageously low. thumbs up to that!
hang out with my wife, food is bad and service is poor, no one service us until we ask for check. If u want to try real Chinese food, please dont come; if you wan to try western Chinese food, u should think about their service.
Basic hole in the wall greasy fried food.  Really good prices.  Can be a bit slow and can get pretty crowded.  I have only tried their wings and some of their fried items, not the burgers or pizza.  Overall mediocre food, but a pretty good deal if you are feeding a large family or group.
A great alternative if you haven't been able to visit the original Serendipity in NY. I love the cute decor inside! Though the Frozen Hot Chocolate isn't exactly the same as Serendipity3 in NY, it's still pretty good!
Very, very, very good pizza..... But ive had one better at Bianco Pizzeria in downtown. It blew pomo away some how!!!
We love the theater in South Point and have gone here for about two years now.  From the XD theater to their high tech soda machine, every thing in this place is great.
Good, cheap diner food. They have all the diner classics served whatever time of day you crave them aaaand they have a bar.
The Bobbi, nothing special, just a little underwhelming for a cold sandwich.  The meatball sandwich, just a flavorless sandwich.  If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!!
Went here with my mom while I was visiting.  Great food at a great price!  I'll definitely go again next time I'm in Phoenix.
I stopped in here for a latte and a quick snack.  The coffee is average, the people are very friendly, but what really sets the place apart is the quiche that they make fresh daily .  It is to die for!!!!  YUM!
Food was decent but not amazing while the service was pretty slow.  Atmosphere was rather stale and uninteresting so I'd recommend take-out.
I came here because I had receicwd employee of the month so I got a $100 gift certificate and lets just say if I had had to pay for that meal I would have been livid! the food was mediocre and our waitress was quite a bit rude. Never coming back here!
$2 movies or $4 3D movies = cheap family day.  The theater is always clean and the screens are not miniature like many discount theaters.  Popcorn and soda is the normal price, but they have to make money somewhere!
Fun Ride, something to try when you're in Vegas (and you're not 21) =D\nbut yeah, took the girlfriend here during the day to kill sometime before the night life and had to say it was not a bad experience.
Yum! I had cucumber lemonade & a GREAT vegan koshari plate w/ salad, hummus,& a pita! \nAll for Only $10!!! \nIt was super Delicious with good portions! I'm definitely coming here more often.
Fanstasti evening for a corporate event. The atmosphere is fantastic with a old world class. The steaks were great and lived up to their reputation.  Definitely would go back
16 bucks for a BLT sandwich? 2.50 cents extra for some fries instead of chips? this place wasn't even good and a rip off.  And those little popcorn things are stupid. PUKE
Cancelled my membership today! Noelle at the front desk was horribly rude and unprofessional! I have a call into corporate and the manager was told to call me. Well maybe not. Either way I WILL be compensated. And if they were smart they would get rid of Noelle before they lose more business!
Thee worst BK I have ever been to!!\n\nThe burger was so over cooked that it tasted like the smell of cow manure!!... I couldn't even dare finish my burger.
There isn't a bad thing I can say about Vito's.  It's one of my wife's and I favorite establishment.  Everything is done well and the service is top notch.  I would not hesitate to recommend this place.
I love it, the two piece leg and dark is quite tasty. I will definitely go back, they have remarkably fresh salsa.
I would challenge anyone as a first time user of the AMT service to figure out what ticket they need ( and how to get it)  from the machines. Don't try to secure a ticket any time close to train time as you will miss the train trying to secure the ticket.
As usual the place is way over priced for the service... I have lived in a few other cities where the prices are about half what Autobells are....I will not be back
I am very pleased with the services and staff of Bell Collision. \n\nThey are fair and trustworthy of taking care of my car.  Grant helped take it an extra notch and replaced a stop light bulb. \n\nI would recommend anyone to the center.
Nice and rare to find a pizza place that's all organic, not to mention the gluten free options! Split the shrimp and pepper pizza and the honey smoked salmon with a friend, they were both really good and we took quite a bit home. Save room for the apple cobbler, it is melt in your mouth and totally worth it.
love this place!  traditional pub style place with lots on tap including Strongbow Cider.  I went with the Bit Burger Pilsner and a peppersteak pasty and it was awesome as usual.
The owner (pakistani guy) is just so rude and he always change his prices. Just so u know guys they don't put tag prices on they're vape and e-liquids so they can change it everytime they want. Zero star would be the accurate rate for this store.
This is a very good Cheesecake Factory. The service was exemplary but Heather was outstanding. Very attentive yet not overbearing. The food was very good. We had Calamari, Endive salad, Ahi Carpaccio. The perfect light dinner. We will be back!
Been looking for an authentic spot in Vegas for Mediterranean food and I defiantly found it. Trying to find a place that cooks like your mom does is hard this place hit the spot!!! Worth checking out.!!
awful. went to phx for the comic-con and stopped here for breakfast. rubbery potatoes that were clearly from a bag and overcooked eggs. avoid.
Went here last night with the hubby. It was recommended by several people. It is definitely an old school place. Older crowd too. The food was amazing. I had the muchaca chimichanga and it was the best one I think I ever had. Very flavorful. And the prices were so good! We are absolutely going back.
This is what I call a retreat for grown ups. Bedding excellent. Pool heated just right. Breakfast yummy and chocolate mousse at Prado is the best. Can't wait to go back.
Nothing negative about this place. The food is amazing. We had apps, two different salads, two different pizzas and dessert. All of it was delicious!! The staff was just as good. Knowledgable of the menu and made great recommendations for wine and kid friendly modifications to the pizza. Hands down we will be back!
I have stayed at the Phoenician over 15 times in the past 20 years and I always find the resort to be one of the very best among the five star hotels!   Awesome golf course and grounds.
Try not to go to the ER on a Friday night. Packed house and you'll be treated like you're an inconvenience.
Second time to El Pollo Loco in the past 10 years and was very disappointed in the chicken. I use to absolutely love their chicken years ago while living in California and now find it not as tasty nor worth the money.
Great place to come out and shoot on the weekends!!  We bring a few handguns and a rifle and shoot just about every Saturday.  The staff has been very friendly and helpful and always works with us to keep our group together.
Sympa bitro , mais se rempli trop rapidement . C'est petit .Bonne musique d'ambiance .
I cannot say enough about what a great experience I had. My highlights are done to perfection, and my difficult cut is on point. On top of a amazing haircut, I also had an experience to match. Maggie knows her craft and has a fun demeanor. I felt totally satified and beautified when I left!
Very rude service, worst manager ever argueing with the customer, cold nasty sweet shredded beef, disgusting ceilings and air ducts, health code violations all over the place!!! 0000 zero stars not recommended. Horrible.
Horrible! Horrible! Horrible! Worst service I've ever had. Prices are high and way over priced. Don't waste your time
Very disappointing, the drummers on the street which playing on buckets are more entertaining than this blue man group!!!\nDon't go to this show!!!!!!!!!!!
This place is huge and has a friendly, helpful staff. Starting with an excellent selection of small items all the way up to stunning antique furniture. They also have lounging areas with large TVs and a kid's room for those who wish not to partake in the \"festivities\".
Good collections of clothes and shoes. Very clean and organized. Good value for trade in. Happy to have a consignment store on southwest!
Probably the best place I've ever gone to when it comes to broken electronics. They are so incredibly friendly and do great work!! Highly recommend
Dinner here was just ok....service was outstanding, appetizer was delicious (Quesadillas)\nHowever for the main course I had the 22 0z steak, wasn't impressed it was boring.
Meatloaf with red wine gravy and amazing mashed potatoes, followed by the best bumbleberry pie ever. Best place for comfort food. Did I mention the pie??
As a business on wheels I get dinged quite a bit along our wonderful freeways. Sewall always keeps the glass looking good. Great Service, Good Quality and Awesome Price. Thanks and keep up the good work!!!
Good mall except there weren't as many stores as you would expect to find in a mall this big. Was really happy though with the amount of different food places you can find here! They have a huge food court upstairs and a lot of other food places around. Stores are clean, mall is clean but I wish that there was more varieties of stores.
My husband is a professional Bass player and he gets everything he needs from Sam Ash. Today, we traveled 2 hours (from Asheville NC) to come here. We like this place! Decent customer service and they are willing to match prices!
The staff is sweet and the food is great. I tried the chicken katsu and the sauce is sweet and the chicken is very crunchy. It's clean and reasonably priced. This was my first time having Hawaiian food and I will be coming back.
Chances Are - now Chances On Sixth. They have completely remodeled and updated their facility and their menu go check it out!
Really nice atmosphere, great service, food decor really lovely, tasty def will come back for them calamari its was heaven yeah it was a little pricey but got the good calamari
I iike how damn big this place was.  The Hip Hop room was ok- music could be louder.  The crowd a little bit more energetic, but the house area was off the chains. Huge- but thought it was odd that there was a super long line to go pee for men.
It is a decent mall. It has some good shops. The layout isn't too confusing like some malls can be.\n\nIt is clean and it usually isn't to busy when I am there. I haven't used the bathrooms there in a while so I can't say how those are.
A gift shop in the bar? I am not the too cool for school type but really? Cheesy atmosphere, chain, bad service and gift shop.  Sorry in this case 4 strikes you are out.
Well once again Penny came thru like the pro she is. Brought Piewacket in for a bath and major trimming today and my long hair kitty is loving life again. She gets really pissy when she needs to be groomed. Thanks Penny love you.
safe place for sushi.  great service.  \n\nI saw the sushi chef making this cool boat platter with lots of sushi on it.  I want that next time!
I've been coming here for almost 4 years. The customer service has always been on point! I really like the simplicity, the atmosphere, and how quickly everything happens. An easy five stars from me.
I want to love Mojo, special location, great feel, looks great. Good service but.... Coffee sucks, your a morning joint you need great coffee \n\nPlease please try another brew
5 checkin's here - need I say more . Bar side service is quick and easy - awesome Martini's..
I LOVE this place! It's adorable, and the food is delicious. They also have really good drinks too.
We go here quite often, but tonight they were a bit off on the customer service.  Not that busy......but we were not given extra water or ice tea service.  Waiter young, not a suctomer oriented as the last time we were there.  Different staff.  Tonight just fair.
Whenever I am back in AZ, this is the first and sometimes the only place I will eat! Everything is good - love all the apps and margaritas!
Did you guys see the trash after the Marathon??? The City had to foot that bill. For what? Charity? Yeah...the needy never gets most of the money. It is corrupt people (kickbaks etc.) that always benefit. That is why I am always suspicious about charities and /or charitable. foundations.
This place has the best pizza I've ever had besides Keste and Paulie Gs in NYC.  Wood fired greatness.  Expect to wait on weekends in a crowded wine bar.  FANTASTIC red sauce and olive oil.  Not extensive on the wine list but good by the glass selection. A gem in Pittsburgh.
So glad they have this branch right across the street from Pho Kim Long since we always dine there while in Vegas. I always forget to bring enough cash and we frequent this location to get more. The line was super long last time but it moved fast thankfully.
Love this store...associates were very nice....ran out of something i wanted but overall very nice..i love that its not in a packed mall
Tried to go here for a nice coffee and a read on a Sunday evening. While the coffee was excellent, two or three of the proprietor's very loud (entire conversation clear as a bell from across the room) and sweary friends were installed. Reading or having a conversation weren't really feasible. Won't be going back.
Don't go here, you could save a lot of money and time. Most of the time they don't know what they are doing and you will have to pay extra because of that. They remind of a used car salesman trying take your money.
Tried the Caesar Salad was so very GOOD !  I posted a photo of the long line, and the JUMBO shrimp !
This place always pleases!  In a city of many fine Asain restaurants, this one serves the best pho and spring rolls. \n\nThe vermicelli bowls with an egg rolls is also addictingly wonderful! I wish I could tell you more but I'm stuck on the few dishes I must have on every visit.
Nice little spot with simple outdoor seating. Excellent omelets with fresh ingredients. Panini sandwiches were very good. Friendly staff.
Price to quality for china wok is great. Their sushi and typical American Chinese offering are as good as you'll find elsewhere, even if it isn't the most \"authentic\". The Wok is a great lunch option for a typical weekday, but I wouldn't take a girl here to impress her.
This place is magic! Their salsa is out of this world, and their margaritas are stellar! The service is awesome as well. We love Tony, he is always on top of refilling our drinks, and refreshing our chip basket! Try their cheese enchilada comb, you won't regret it!!
A friend and I ended up here b/c the Vig was too packed, and the Dilly was too dirty. It was Tuesday and there was no room at the bar, and people were waiting to be seated. Our drinks were decent and the bar tender was clever.
It's honestly just like any other red lobster. It's good for chain restaurant seafood. The live lobster is always extremely good. The drinks are good. Amazing selection of drinks. The staff is nice, I haven't met a rude water yet.
I bit into a truffle from Candinas, and found a bunch of what looks like fuzzy bluish mold inside. Yuck!
Chicken was dry, veggies & egg rolls were soggy. Go to the one on 67th, it's way better !
Enjoyed my first and only visit.  Great service, nice food, will return next time I need a good restaurant.  I would say 3.5 and moving up to 4.0 stars at times.
We ate there this weekend. Food was terrible, service was worse. My husband ordered the ctab cake sandwich and took 1 bite. Server never ask how was our food. We will never go back
YES, they fixed it, it works fine now. They are lowest priced, and fast service. My Cell phone screen was cracked it was back  like new in 1 hour, for about 75$
Great ambiance,good service. The food was not typical Mexican. My wife and I liked it, the folks did not. The fish tacos were the best we've had.the enchiladas the worse. \n\nIf your looking for a party....you might check out the Irish pub next door.
Amazing!  We sat in the 3rd row and felt like we were sitting on the stage (side of the pool)  so to speak.  This is prob the best show in Vegas right now!
Their menu is very creative and the tastes are unique. The atmosphere inside is great and on the weekends it's really lively in there. Service is top notch- I have been to this place several times and never had even slightly bad service. Great place if you want to try something new or take friends from out of town!
good food. Great service but i'm still hungry after$ 60..\nI would go back. But not when i'm really hungry.
Had the ultimate steak breakfast.  Ribeye, eggs, and hashbrowns. It was very good. The steak wasnt as fatty as I usually like when I grill myself, but still very good. The hashbrowns and eggs were awesome. Fresh squeezed oj was great.
Very good. Best sushi by far in appearance, environment, and service.
Ok nothing to rave about chain food restaurant. Don't get the crab artichoke dip but the lobster tacos were pretty good. Burgers weren't anything is return for.
Run away and don't go here.  Stinks, fishy business going on here.  If no other place to stay sleep in your car.\nIt made me give a star rating, this really should have 0 stars.
Favorite non chain in Chandler. The staff is great and they have a great rotating beer selection. The owner is very cool and always talks to us. She loves Freddie Mercury! haha.
Made my car like new after being rear ended. They even fixed some prior damage for cost of parts only. Also, they detailed the crap out of my car. Looks awesome!!!
Love love love this place... Fun environment. Great love fun music!!! Hidden gem! Rock this town rocked the night!!!
Late night specials are great. Cheep Breakfast food and Burgers after midnight. Coffee was not the greatest. DId the trick before the journey back to LA.
The closest thing to a NYC bagel here in Vegas. Enuff said.\nNjoy.
Dr Roach is amazing!  He is thoughtful, kind and clearly loves working with our furry family. I am grateful to Dr Roach and his staff for their quick, compassionate care.  I have definitely found my new vet.  I would highly recommend West Russell Animal Hospital!
The decore of the place is really attractive however the food definitely not worth the price.  Talk about over priced food, the sushi was no better than that of a buffet restaurant.  Spent over $30 for 2 rolls, completely unsatisfied.  This place gets 1 star for good decore.
Came in on a Monday afternoon,  no wait and almost empty restaurant.  Yesss. Good came out quickly and was sooo good. Great place to get down and dirty with your family.
Jason is a great therapist. I have been to a few good ones over the years so am speaking from experience.
The ribeye sandwich was pretty tasty and the Buffalo Chips were awesome. The fries are okay. The service was friendly and helpful. I would return again for sure.
I've been here a few times and they never disappoint.  The seafood is incredible, service is good and the decor is - colorful!
I love this place. The pho is great and consistent. Be carefully with those condiments though, it can get really spicy really fast. The spring rolls are also great. They are always fast and get you seated quickly. I eat here about once a month.
Best espresso in PHX \nTattooed punkers serving it \nBeautiful women drinking it \nOriginal art everywhere and for sale \nWifi \n\nI miss this place like hell too...
It's Safeway.  What can I say?  This one is typical of Safeway.  Usual range of products, typical pricing, etc.  Nothing special compared to any other Safeway.  They have good sales sometimes, especially if you use their smart phone app.  Some of the store brand products are pretty good, including their deli soups.
OMG!!! Sugar-Tooth-Heaven!!! As a kid I enjoyed rainbow cake. Italian/American folks know what I am talking about. Carlo's Bake Shop nailed it. The chocolate strawberries are so freaking good.
Always great service, very quick. Drinks are delicious and they definitely don't skimp on the boba.
Absolutely delicious beer, the lager and dunkel were both perfect.  Food was extremely delicious.  Shots of j\u00e4ger will earn you a spanking from the paddle so be weary.
The area seemed a little sketchy at night, but the Columbia Outlet (the only one we shopped at) was awesome with awesome prices. What more can I say other than I wished there were one in San Diego!
I was beyond disappointed with the service I received here I tried them out because of all the great reviews on yelp but even tho the service was less painful then The Pretty Kitty the results from TPK were 100% better then the T.Birthday.S \nI had so much hair left on me it was ridiculous
The fuckin guy is sitting here but is going to make me wait 30 minutes for a ride when the airport is 5 minutes away. Wtf. These people should be out of business.
Delivered a package from amazon. Left it on my side porch with no note on the door or call or anything. I just found it, 4 days later! And only because I got curious about where it was and checked the package tracking. Otherwise it would have been out there for another week.
i used to work across the street and call in my order. sadly, they knew me over the phone. now, i seldom come in but its still the bomb. large beef veggie all day.
One of my favorite locations.  Always friendly service.
full function new massage chairs .spotless, bright,  uncluttered.  Hospital clean-seriously.\n\nWith an $18 pedi, usually you can get a 5 minute shoulder massage included while your drying under the black light.  Sweet !\n\nThey always have tons of recent gossip/celebrity/gossip mag
Advertised Botox $6.99 - too good to be true???   Yes!!\nBotox did not take effect even after the two weeks Doctor promised.  I have talked to other ladies and they are having the same effect----Nothing.  Do not waste your money girls.
Went to the bar for happy hour and our bartender was so rude...and so was everyone else...They acted as if we did not exist...They're lucky I left them three cents instead of the two I really should have given them...boo for them!
I am in love with \"The Student\" Campus Specialty Sandwich!!!! It was amazingly flavorful! I was expecting something plain and just about ok to go in but it amazed me completely! One sandwich was enough for 2 meals (I can eat a 12'' sub at subway at a time)!
Very friendly staff and kitchy decor. Really great soda fountain. Best egg cream I've had in a very long time. Food is straight forward and unpretentious. Very tasty. Good value.
Amazing place! Picked up my snowboard, boots, and bindings from here. The guy that helped me was extremely knowledgable and helpful.
Their coffee and tea are the best in the burgh! I love watching the coffee roasting in the back. Also, I usually do not enjoy flavored coffee, but I have loved many varieties that I have bought here. Definitely worth a visit while in the Strip District!
Unbelievable the amount of amazing meats you get to choose from. Went for a bachelor party and everyone left full and happy
The lady here was super nice. I really liked this spot as a breakfast joint. Everyone knew each other - the food was okay but the atmosphere made it up. It it is in a rinky dink area but I would still check it out again when I am in vegas.
I have seen others have had problems, but I have known and used Albert many times in the past. I get good service at good prices. I plan on using him in the future. \n2 back yards installed and many front yard clean ups.
AW-FUL.  Dumb and unfunny.  Those two morning idiots (the blond girl and the chubby guy) say something so asinine every time I flip by it that I am stunned.
Awesome choices, great katsu, good prices! I wish I could eat here evey day! Curry chicken is good for the sniffles! I was lucky enough to live nearby for years and drive 6 miles to eat here, worth it!
Vegas local and I've been to this show many times and there's always something new and fun every time. Great music, good comedy, and just an all around great show.
I would call this a trendy, but low-end quality Japanese place.  Everything on the menu is just plain average, that's all.  Happy Hour is just okay.\n\nAll the location's decor is nice and modern with trendy crowds.
This place was clean, lots of interesting folks from all over, plenty of group things to do (Gabriel, thanks for taking us to the Fete d' John de Baptiste!!), nice cafe, love the pool table:  great way to do Montreal.  I highly recommend.
Threading was great hadn't had it done and Love it more than waxing...doesn't burn my skin like some wax did\nI also have had a few facials. D is great takes care of my skin needs!!  Would recommend Diya !!!
Wow, can't believe this is in an airport! I'm glad it is. Stopped here for a quick breakfast, ordered the breakfast enchiladas & they were AMAZING! Great ambience, great service, so full & satisfied!
They moved my 84 year old parents to smaller quarters today.  Prompt.  Careful. Courteous.  Expert at negotiating big pieces into small spaces.  Did it in the time frame they anticipated for the price they quoted.  The savvy seniors are impressed, as am I.
Great food! The Grizz gives you three meats, eggs, potatoes, two pancakes for under $12. My husband and I shared it and could not finish it. Everything was delicious especially the pancakes! We'll return!
Hidden gem! Staff was very friendly, especially Marisol. The second floor heated saunas/quiet rooms were amazing & relaxing. Did I mention they have wifi? Just in case you wanna stream your favorite movie/show.
Great Pho and they're not stingy on the toppin's, good Spring rolls and Banh Mi Reasonably priced to boot.\n\nPhenomenal service.  Exceptionally clean restaurant.
ALWAYS a good time\nIll DJ's, dance floor and drinks\nLose your voice/balance.\n\n(b)
good sandwiches
Loved this place. Workers were very honest and worked on my car the same day I called. Owner showed us what exactly was wrong with my car and how they were going to fix it. Would highly recommend this place!
Awesome place.  Everyone there is so nice & professional. They really put u at ease especially for my first brazilian wax. I love it here & definitely will keep coming back.
I've been back since my initial review and I will confirm that venue and class size do make a difference. My second experience at Black Mountain Grill was a lot better than my first experience at Kahunaville.
This place has good ratings not sure why. The food is bland all there sushi is precut all there ingredients are cheap knock offs the wasabi,ginger and soy were gross. 3 stars at best.
I got some strawberry sorbet from here a couple nights ago and now I can't stop thinking about it! Wish I could fly back to get more! The owner is so friendly too. Great service!!
The drinks are VERY weak.  Not worth the money.  Go instead to the stand in front of Paris casino.  You will get you money worth as they don't give just 1 or 2 shots.
Decent sushi for the price, the hand rolls are great.  Nice place to sit on the patio and enjoy some sushi and a beer.
fantastic
I love this place. We are staying at Paris and have gotten crepes for breakfast every day. My favorite is the Bananas Foster. So incredibly delicious! Some other reviewers have mentioned flimsy utensils and paper plates, but who cares, really? The crepes are the best!
This place is seriously amazing! The smoothies are out of this world and the staff is so friendly and helpful! The fruit tasted fresh, not frozen and everything was delicious down to the last drop. I just wished that I lived closer so that I could stop in more often!
This Mexican food is more like Mexicant. This place is disgusting! Idk how you all love it so much. It's degrading to Hispanics everywhere! 2 THUMBS DOWN BLEH!
Went in here to grab a quick soda. I walked to the back grabbed and paid.  The store was pretty clean and the employee was friendly.
I found this place using yelp and I was not disappointed.  Friendly staff who worked with me to stay in my budget.
Pizza is very good and the Philly & fries were great. People there are always nice to my wife and I even when we're wearing our Bears gear & they're Packer fans. We live nearby and hope they stay around!!
Really good and creative sushi, can't complain about a thing. Staff was nice.  Ohhh my goooodddd!  If you order, you will know what I'm talking about.
This place is confusing as heck. I always get lost walking in there because of those canals and bridges...use landmarks and stores for reference. lol\n\nI love the way it's decorated. The food stalls and restaurants are great. Might be my favorite of all hotel malls.
Time Warner over AT&T any day of the year...
Friendly staff. Unique concept. Absolutely exhilarating fun! Loved the ability to use critical thinking and problem solving to play this real life puzzle.
Veggies taste sour, their rice is disgusting, and they can't even properly cook a steak.\n\nThe service was alright, but the food is just...disappointing.
After my experience at Anna's I ended up with an ingrown toenail and an infection because my nail was cut too short. Because of that I had to have my whole nail removed, it was a very painful experience.
I only go here because I have to.  If you have an account at this branch I recommend driving two or three miles further to go somewhere else.  They always have a line.
Very much enjoyed the croissant and apple fritter my wife and I shared. Add in a bottle of apple juice and it cost just over $6.00. The bakery had a wide selection of other pastries, tarts, sandwiches and bagels. Warm atmosphere and very friendly and attentive service.
My first time eating here... Oh my goodness... why would anyone eat here food is gross.  worst chicken  ever, it was like rubber.
A small and amazing zoo. It's free, has lots of animals that people (children) like, and  is an easy way to spend a couple hours. This easily beats Chicago's Lincoln Park Zoo. A must-see!
Not surprised this place is closed. If pure going to specialize in sandwiches it may be a good idea to make sure your lunch meat is also the best. Great interior and the bread was good but service and quality was a loser.
The guys that make the guar with the rolling table are no joke. Stuff is good. Portions here are out of control. You get more than your money's worth at this place. Drinks are huge too.
This place is fantastic. Great vibe. Ambiance is dialed in. Great place to start the night on Fremont St.
GREAT PARK! with a lot of great wild birds :-) If you're a photographer this is a cool place to check out. Its clean! people are jogging, fishing, picnicking and just having a good time :-) LOVE chaparral park
Great place! Relaxing, clean atmosphere with efficient, courteous staff. I stopped in on a whim for a pedicure and they got me in right away. Decent prices and my technician did a great job! I would definitely recommend this salon.
Always come here to get my haircuts. My hairdresser, Eileen, is the best! :)
This place was pretty busy. There was more than enough cars to choose from. The one I got was very clean/almost brand new. Sucks that service was less than okay. Seemed like they'd rather be doing something else or wasn't really aware of much. At least the person who helped me seemed that way.
Didn't even eat! Customer service was horrible.  Everything on the menu they were \"out of\". Waste of my time and gas to get there. They should've just closed down until they moved to their new location (wherever that will be). What's the point of staying open when they have NO food to serve?
I have been here many times but last few trips I ordered a burro..it was filled with mostly rice and beans and very little meat. Very disappointed and will not go back.
Came on time as planned.  Walked through the entire process for me and finished within and hour.  They hung my 55\" LED and soundbar.  Very professional and safe.  I would not hire anyone else.  True professionals.
My favorite burger place near my home. Working my way up to the crazy huge burger challenge. And yes the onion rings are the best ever!
Tried this for Thanksgiving dinner.\nServer got order completely wrong, dinner was rushed. Food just okay.\nCompletely and thoroughly disappointed.
Let me amend my review, because I refused to let them wither on the vine, so to speak.\n\nThey have outstanding specials, price wise, and the food isn't half bad. Get the right bartender and you'll actually be happy.\n\nAnd id hate to see them close.
I love this place. Everyone I know raves about it, and every item I try is out of this world! I recommended it to a friend, unfortunately he doesn't understand the appeal of fresh authentic ingredients and the rustic charm of the place. He's missing out!
Said an hour for delivery, called after an hour and ten minutes and they told me the driver had left a few minutes before I called.  Total time an hour and forty, and when we got the pizza the driver had driven so crazy all the toppings slid to one side!
Ok beer selection. Cook looks like the bride of Frankenstein and never wore a hair net or gloves when making the food. Bar service was awful, no personality and very slow.
Call 2 weeks in advance (at least)! Great staff, fun environment, inviting atmosphere, and most important- GREAT hair afterwards!!!
I've been to a couple brunches here and always been pleased with what I order.  The place has a small town vibe and a great wait staff.
Best beer selection in Champaign. Cool atmosphere too.
Wonderful beer selection and great bar food. Typical Pittsburgh place with friendly atmosphere, great beers, and fattening food. I would give it 4 stars due to the crowds and the wait you must endure, but then I can't blame them for being popular. 5 stars.
This place was wonderful! My boyfriend and I ate here before going to see David Copperfield.  We just had drinks, appetizers, and dessert, but it was still delicious.  Hope to go back for dinner one day.
A lovely little place! Excellent fresh pasta & meatballs. I'd definitely dine there again.  Our server was quick & very polite.
Just terrible.  Took 2 hours to get my food by then the food was cold and stale.  Asked for a discount offered more crappy burgers.  This was the worst.
one of my favorite places.
We were going to a Cirque du Soleil show and came across BLT Burger. The service was a bit slow, but the burger and milkshake were great! I had a Tex Mex burger with a vanilla/Oreo milkshake. Highly recommend both! I would definitely go back!
Definitely my favorite new AYCE location.  Great food and decor/ambience is better than others.  Fish was fresh and A+ for presentations.
I've been getting my dog's compounded medications here.  They are fast, inexpensive, kind and take a lot of time to explain medication side effects.  They are also a local business.
I was expecting a bit more. Service was OK, ambience was OK, food was OK - All in all, a very \"meh\" like experience.
The staff & management were rude made me feel fat, and then bad for feeling that way. They are seriously lacking in customer service & general professionalism. I will never be back.
Food was mediocre at best. Service was absolutely terrible. It took almost 15 minutes to get a drink. Chips and salsa weren't offered until we were almost through our meal. Cross this one off the list.
The place looked like a great time because of the ASU game. We loved the bartenders.
Tried calling in a order and was on hold for 15 min. Called back 10 times and line was busy. FAIL FAIL FAIL
Worth the yearly pass! I like coming towards the end of the day when it's not so busy. They also change out their exhibits quite frequently. This is the second best museum in southern nevada (mob museum is well done but not for kids). Try it! You will not be disappointed. Check out the yelp pictures!
We have been going here almost daily for years.  Love the coffee and bagels.\nNice community of regulars that we have gotten to know.\nThe Dutch Apple Bagel is the best!
We came here because we bought a Restaurant.com certificate. The food was decent. The server was very friendly. It is a bar with tables and they have a number of TVs.
The food is excellent.  The service is very good.  Prices are very reasonable.  If you like Caribbean food you should go there, it is really enjoyable.  GET THE CURRY GOAT.
:o) Great shoe selection. Covered parking. Clean.\n\n;o(  Overpriced clothing. Erratic service.
Awesome breakfast. I recommend the steak and eggs or the breakfast burro. Biscuits and gravy is awesome also. Has The Place been on Food TV or Travel Channel? It should be...
The pad Thai was absolutely disgusting. The Mongolian beef was average. I would have been happier at a Panda Express. It's sad because the service was good but we should have taken a clue when the restaurant was empty.
service is really slow on a Saturday night...disappointed, dodge this spot around 7pm ...maybe from 7pm to 10 pm
A great quilt shop!  They serve hot apple cider during the winter months.  Very helpful employees and a vast selection of Civil War and Kansas Troubles fabrics.  Great shop for making a folk art quilt.
Lobster Bisque and Kobe is excellent. Have a great selection of British Earl Grey, Black Tea.
I used to go here a lot when i resided in vegas. This place has some bomb pho. Good portions and good service. They also have good vietnamese shabu shabu. Everything i ate there was good. This is one of the best pho joints in sin city.
I go to the movies 1-2 times a week. I come to this theater the most, because it is close to my house. I don't have any complains about this place.  The only thing I don't like is young kid's watching movies that are rated-R.
My FAVORITE buffet on the strip! Unlimited bone marrow for dinner and so many yummy desserts to choose from. \n\nMinus one star because the dinner buffet is pretty pricey.
The staff here was friendly and amazing. I didn't have to wait countless hours for my appointment, and their receptionist was so helpful and accommodating!! Highly recommend.
Don't waste your time, keep driving.  Employees are rude and have lame stage names on their name tags.  \"Jazzy\" tried to find reasons why she couldn't help us the finally sent us to another store. Gave them 1 star because you cant go any lower.
First time here and was not very impressed.  I got the pastrami sub and theres was 2 little pieces of meat and all bun. Flavor was good if not for all the bun. But  I\"ll go elsewhere for my sub Fix.  I do like the hot sauce selection...Nice touch there
Don't pass this place up. The food is good but the taro Macaron with coconut pandan Icecream sandwich is out awesome! The best $3.50 we spent.
I love the flavors of the panang curry. The atmosphere is beautiful enough to impress a first date. I love this place, the staff and of course the food!
This is just a gem in Chinatown. The chef and entire staff are very nice. The food is excellent! I will be back again.
Tried the salted caramel latte and it is good.  Next time I will try the pour over coffee which sounded good too.  I like how conveniently located from the light rail station it is.
If you love options, you're at the right spot.  You can get a burger that can help keep your girlish figure or you can add foie gras and truffles and then go jean shopping after.  Overall, one of the best spots to grab a bite on the strip and you wont break the bank.
Absolutely LOVED this dentist office. \n\nThey were extremely friendly, got me in and out quickly, and the dentist herself was very thorough and sweet and walked me through my x-rays and explained everything to me.\n\nWould recommend to anyone and will definitely go back!
Unless you are 60 and over during the day,then this bar sucks!\nGo across the street to the Rib Shop !
Just go. Great service and stoopid good vittles:) And bring you dog. Staff loves the canine!
I love this bar! the food here is good and the drinks are great! this is a great place for day time drinks in the heat. It just has a great vibe that really makes you wanna get your drink on!
Ive had better food for a lot less.  The service was great...food....ok nothing spectacular.   For Buffett Food it was good but nothing special.
Solid tacos. authentic.
Went there for a relaxed breakfast with the Mrs.  The food had good flavor, the service was above average and the owner was nice and attentive.
Went to try those pretzel hotdogs, and the bun was all moldy. Didn't notice until halfway through, so yay for a dose of penicillin.
If you're looking to redo the garden or lawn this is a great place to come.  It has a variety of fountains and lawn decorations, as well as any gardening supplies you might need.  They can even install your fountain or pond for you.  So it the redecoration urge hits, give this place a try.
If I could leave a 0 star, I would.  This company is a bunch of bullies.  Andrew Garcia is the worst!  He came to my home and was abusive and bullying.  Steer clear of this company.
Great Irish dip sanswich! And the service was pretty good! Although my friend was comped his coke and I wasn't. Maybe the waitress like him more...still a good experience!
Usually one of our favorites. Waited 1 hr.  for pizza that never came. Finally left after paying for salads. Mentioned to hostess on exiting. They were very busy but should know Friday in December always is. Very disappointed.
Great lunch.  Fast service.\nFriendly atmosphere.
It was good, but not good enough to justify the prices. I will admit that the service didn't seem like a franchise place, it felt more intimate and welcoming and the setting is nice. The price to food quality ratio was a little off though.
This was our 3rd time at Famous Dave BBQ, I usually order the ribs. Food is good, portions are okay, waitress is overdoing it a little bit, with asking if everything is okay and was kinda pushing to get us \"finished\", because it was starting to get busy.
Absolute favorite Italian restaurant. The Chicken Riggies is a great dish from Upstate NY.  Someone in your party should get it. Nice to go to a local restaurant that isn't a chain. They do lots of great deals on FB, Yelp, Restaurant.com.
Get the tomato jam bruschetta it's the best. Followed by salami pesto and the roasted peppers. Such a great spot
Didn't have a purpose to buy anything, but the folks I went with did.  Overall, the customer service was great. They have a variety of electronics to choose from. They also have price match, which is a plus. Floor plan is great since there is a lot of open space. It doesn't feel so cluttered.
the only negative i can say is that there are alot of supplement on the menu such as the soufles, this is a french restaurant..... try it for lunch or the pre theater..enjo
Pretty darn good chicken sandwich, french fries were above average. Chicken wrap for take out was so-so, but I'll definitely be back since its so darn convenient
The Good\nLots of local food\nDelicious pre-made food options\nPretty decent bakery\n\nThe Bad\nNot a lot of options for staples\nA little hard to navigate\n\nThe Ugly\nPrice are sometimes just too high for my taste
Real good pizza.  My mom loved the titan veggie burger.  A little expensive or I would give it a 5.
ho mean, taught I was in Maui when I walked in till BOOM, register talk straight English.
disgusting food rude workers. signs everywhere to not take more food than you can eat/not to wase food to prevent rise in cost....if food was edible i would eat it.  $28 for me n hubby wasted.
Unable to get a table on nights that fights are shown.  We specifically went to this restaurant to be able to eat a nice dinner and watch the fight.   Received absolutely NO service OR a table.  Had to stand to watch the fight and left hungry.  Very disappointed.
Service was great , food was great. I loved the shrimp and corn tamale dish!  Patio is fine, but sits on walkway next to parking lot of a mini mall.
I love this place... it's great to have a neighborhood center with good food and great coffee!!  The patio is great all year long.
Great daytime hangout spot.\n\nCons:  lockers get used up fast, so travel light.  No rinse shower but hotel pool is just outside so bring a towel as Venetian pool staff are not going to help put Tao guests.
Haven't been there in a couple years, but this place has great burgers and a good beer selection.
The best sandwich on campus.
Very booster spot but gosh check out their breakfast specials. Make the guy take the board of the wall and bring it to your table. You will love their breakfast creativity. Don't forget to stop by the international presse shop next door on your way out - I found Mongolian fashion magazines there, beat that.
This used to be an IOWA bar with the BEST tenderloin sandwich in all of Las Vegas but it changed ownership and they closed the kitchen. I hear it is now a gay bar.
Staff in this place are very RUDE and make you feel rushed! The food is NOT that great and they give you waay to much food on your plate.
This is the worst place ever on the face of the earth. Horrible food and worst customer service. Joe was one pathetic guy who was unwilling to do anything about burned and tasteless watery pizza. Don't waste your money here. You will regret it.
What's all of the hype? There is better pizza in town like everywhere. Napolis, Sammy's, Angelina's, Rocco's NY PIzza, etc. etc.
Expensive and horrible service. They cut my finger during my manicure and gave me no massage.  Would not go back there even with a gift certificate!
The people here are awful. They were talking crap on my wife within earshot because of what she was wearing. I understand they work in one of the more \"difficult\" service industries but you'd imagine that the heaps of money their family has would be able to educate them enough to have some manners.
WOW! We ordered 3 different entrees, and each was superb. The food was delicious and the portions generous. The service started out poorly, but improved greatly before we left. This is on our \"Must Eat Here Again\" list.
Amazing!  Super friendly and they literally let me try 10 flavors.  Service was great too, they bring you water and are super friendly!  Check it out
A very nice Peruvian girl took me here, she certified it authentic, I certify it tasty. Good value, you will take home a box. Feels like grandma is making you dinner. Clean place. Go here, try it.
Seems nice. I didn't see much. I know there are NO Reese's Pieces in the bldg.\n How do they sleep at night?\n It was pleasant, clean, and had enough seating.
So I've subtracted a star and if I could give this place zero stars now I would... Come to find out they charged my co-workers credit card (4) times each totaling $150!\n\nRun far, far away :)
I like this location a lot. They have a very friendly staff, lots of adoptions and pet trainers, and good deals.
Here's the thing about the food there.  While it is tasty, it is so overly expensive.  I would recommend eating offsite, if you can.
N\u00famero one-o. Never let's me down. I had family come in from Mexico and now they can't wait to come back for more.
They do great work, were reasonable priced and were able to diagnose the problem pretty quickly.  I will use them again for my other vehicles.
The only reason I have come back to this place is because of the groupon deal they offer but the service is awful and they treat their costumers so bad, none of them are friendly and sound rude when they talk to you. Last time I will go there after i am done using my last groupon from them
Awful. The course is a disaster. Temporary greens in the fairways and numerous patches of clover and bare spots. Stay Away!!
The food is very fresh and the taste was wonderful.  service was also great!  Highly recommend!
Absolutely loved the service! I wanted a dozen donuts and I got them and was out in less then 5 minutes! Great friendly staff
One of the worst restaurant I've ever went to. Would rather go back to McDonalds (something that I've not done in 8+ years) then to go back to this place. Avoid like the plague!!!
Oak room will never waste my time again smh. If you don't buy a table you will not be admitted entrance to this so called exclusive club. Seems like you need to be of the Caucasian decent to even be in there. Hate to pull the race card but it is what is.
Great steaks!  Great service!  Scott, our server, was perfect!  Make sure you are out on the patio so you can see the water show at the Bellagio while you eat!!
Friendly service, clean. Love the pink lady and salmon skin hand wraps.
Great quality food, large portions and friendly prompt service! Most of my orders here are to go and I have never had an order wrong. Gyros are great!
This is my favourite bar in Vegas. Super drunk drinks: $1 beers. $3.50 for hard cider and a shot! Limited menu but the atmosphere is awesome. Everyone is friendly. No snobs.
Nice light food which is a good break from everything else Vegas has to offer. Buffalo chicken is really good, ham and cheese is decent, bacon and egg is good but too cheesy.\n\nI stopped by a few times because its fast, not chain food and pretty tasty/cheap.
I ate breakfast here while staying at Harrahs this past weekend. Our waitress was an older woman that was really friendly and cute. We got exactlu what we wanted plus more for not too much money. The food was ok quality.. nothing too great. but it did work for our hang over :)
Butter crunch sundae is where it's at!!! We got there first when it opened at one on Sunday. By the time our orders came up, the line was very long. I usually just get plain custard with no toppings, but this time tried the Butter Crunch. It's amazing.
This place is awesome! Kevin and bee are very good in what they do and both very nice. My wife doesn't want to go anywhere else even if its a drive for us. Will make u come back for sure. :)
If you are familiar with Mexican drive through places like this, then you know this one is a good one, tacos were great, beans yummy, rice was decent, etc...
I had to copy, print & ship. The staff was extremely helpful, very efficient and friendly.
Great food, awesome customer service.
Great food and nice service!! Really recommended if you like Asian food. Tried wok noodle with chicken and bean sauce and it was simply delicious. Open until late so it's a good choice for a late night dinner.
Loved my baby shower cake, cant wait to see my sons first birthday smash cake! Your the best!
Had a blast! very nice service and the bouncer was real cool he let me be bouncer for the night.... I was running JET!!!!
It's nice we finally have a GetGo in Sq Hill. This one is conveniently located on Murray Ave and Forward. I think there's 10 gas pumps, and I'm not sure if any diesel. This place can get pretty crowded in the mornings. The store inside is pretty small, and there's no bathroom.
I frequent this establishment and generally ignore the poor service, but after my latest encounter they have lost me as a customer. I waited 30 min to even be acknowledged only to have longer waits for food and drinks. I have never had worse service.
I have been turned away twice even though there were empty seats in the restaurant.  Makes me wonder . . . I will never go back and encourage you to go to the next restaurant.
I am a foodie.  I seek out local markets when I travel like others seek out fancy shopping.  So I spent a very rainy afternoon here enjoying the local flavor.  There is something for everyone.........cheeses, meats, maple syrup at great prices.  Very much worth a visit for everyone.
THE most legit glass shop in town. They've worked on two of my cars on a few separate occasions & have done nothing but an awesome job. While some glass shops leave you with wind noise, crooked glass, purple tint, or just a messy job in general, United Auto Glass very professionally installed original Lexus glass.
Ate here with a group of friends and food was pretty good. After more people arrived at the restaurant, the service started to slow, but the staff was still really nice. I definitely recommend this place as a sushi joint.
!!!!!!!!   beware   !!!!!!!!!!!!   food is disgusting.....nasty red cheap egg rolls. lo mein  is loaded with msg..... i am really feeling sick after eating there over priced nasty food......
This review is for the cafe. We ate here for breakfast and then again for lunch. Embarassingly forgot to pay for the breakfast so we came back, paid and then stayed for lunch. Both meals were reasonably priced & staff was friendly. Good food too. :)
Such an amazing experience! The people are really friendly and make you feel very safe. I wouldn't do it again, just because of the price, but it's certainly worth doing once!
Great tasting crab rangoons...very creamy and smooth.  Mongolian Beef lunch special was delicious too.  Great flavor and the fried rice was good too!  $5.99 lunch special is a great deal!
I don't like their sandwiches at all. The bread is really hard and cuts your mouth, like its old! The portions are small and the prices are quite high for what you get..
best clam chowder ever.\nI had the one that is mixed, half white and half red, whatever it's called.\n\n:)
Filled up both car in the same week with two different cards.  4 days later on both cards had about $1200 of fraud.  I suspect skimmers installed in the pumps.  Called station.  They were not overly concerned.
Not bad for a quick stop to fuel up. One slice usually does the trick for me. Nice variety of slices most of the time.
Wow, this is the place we have been waiting for! Food is amazing, very fresh ingredients and everything was cooked to perfection. Loved the atmosphere and the cocktails were spot on! We will be back many times, this is a must try!
Love the concept of Frozen Hot Chocolate!! The children love them... The prices are crazy expensive that's my only complaint... But we still stop and have it whenever we are in town..
I would HIGHLY recommend Gary's.  They definately take care of their clients, and do a superior job.  It's challenging to find good quality people and work, and this is the ONLY place I will take my vehicles.
Horrible non-Japanese sushi, over-priced, with ear-splitting ghetto rap music. If you're 21 years old, and love crap food, this place is for you. Otherwise, head to Kyoto up the street...Japanese owned, and great prices.
this place is fun because it is on the light rail line.   things here do tend to be expensive, but i will say the sushi is yummy and normally priced.  the tizerts cakes are so delish i would eat them until i died.
I just paid $15 for a double cheeseburger /fries/regular drink. I am kicking myself. There is a FIVE GUYS across the street and I wish I went there.  First and LAST time I will ever eat here.
Love their fresh OJ...Fresh juices are great.  Kids love the easy to prepare single servings that are packaged up and easy to cook.  I also like the fresh and easy water, 24 pack it tastes better than arrowhead.  I also like the hybrid parking in front.
Just went here for the first time earlier this evening, based on Yelp reviews. Excellent food and service. Staff was very attentive and friendly. Food was AWESOME!
Good place for a cocktail and some food after work.  Food is made with quality ingredients, something hard to find at a good place to drink as well. I recommend trying it out, PLT is delicious,  as well as the mac n cheese. Also the quinoa salad is a  perfect healthy snack. Check it out!!
Excellent Subs!  Nice size dinning area with outside patio area.  My wife loves the Italian sandwich!
The atmosphere is okay, but the food is average at best for Pittsburgh Thai. Prices are relatively high for what you get and it's not BYOB like many Thai Restaurants in the area. Luckily we have lots of other good Thai to choose from.
This is my girlfriend first  time here. We ordered the ham and cheese and bacon 6in it was very good. We will return.
Food was excellent.  Was disappointed when staff said Emeril had only ever been there once.  Was also looking for more cajun spicy flair.  The food was missing the Bam factor though it was excellent.
One of my 2nd offices. Never disappointed. Employees happy to help. Incredible food. Free wi-fi :) Free refills. Lots of table choices, Ideal location. It's a winner - go there
T\u00eeI
Waste of money...don't waste your time or your money!!!  It's a joke!!  The shots don't work for weight loss!
This location has been under two different names . The quality of the sushi is not the same as the location on Rainbow . The service is OK . Improvements are needed if they want to carry the Oyshi's reputation. The only thing I liked was that they weren't packed like the Oyshi on Rainbow .
My favorite place. My family has been coming here for generations. ...since they have been opened. Love this place!!!!
The good: \n- excellent food\n- creative presentation\n- unique flavors\n- great price\n- excellent service\n\nThe bad:\n- none.\n\nDefinitely one of my new favorite restaurants.
i stopped by multiple places today just to find a kitchen cabinet door.  Finally I found a single cabinet with the right door still on it here.  $40.  That's all I needed but the rest of the place had a huge selection of doors, windows, granite, etc.  I wish they sold appliances and more lighting fixtures.
They do take out and delivery! The pizza is tastier than most delivery places. The 10\" is a good size for an individual pizza. The staff was a lot of fun to chat with and answered any questions we had. We will definitely be getting food from them again.
Was there yesterday and was able to watch brad gerret and it was such an amazing show. All the comedians were excellent. Kathaline dumbar, Tommy mctuige, and Brad. Excellent place wad nice and did not smell like an ash tray
I haven't been in to this location for some time.  They have done some remodeling and the employees are very friendly especially a server named Susan I think.  The place was very clean and the food very good.  I was very impressed and the price was great for all I got.  I'll be back!
At Aquagrill the Oysters were fabulous and I enjoyed the Chilean Sea Bass. It is a must dining experience. Excellent service by Mark and the bartender made delicious pomegranate martinis.\nAmbience is lovely and it is a must destination for dining.
There's a reason no one goes here. Service is horrible. Even with only 1 other person in the store the staff acts like their overwhelmed. How this location is still in business is some type of weird paradox. Don't bother to stop. You have been warned.
my friend and I tried two different tasting menu there. Generally it was good, but just felt a little bit over priced. I paid 180 for mu meal in all including a cup of Rose and tip, tax. If you never tried any modern mixture of French and Japanese cuisine, I would recommend it.
ChiroCarolina  doctors stay on the cutting edge of technology and really care about my overall health. I really appreciate their services!
Very friendly... just great people... just not the most reliable or best results with our yard.  I am going to try them one more time since they are just so great, but the uneven yard and the dying shrubs can only last so long.
Tucked away next to Hakkasan, so it doesn't feel deserted like your normal casino bar. Expensive drinks, but nothing unexpected. Solid spot for people watching if clubbing isn't your scene, and the bartenders were really friendly and willing to give drink recommendations.
Cute place and a great atmosphere!  I got an iced Rolo (a mocha with caramel).  It was super tasty.  The employee that helped us was very friendly.   Definitely will be back!
We received prompt, courteous, and professional service from Mike when he replaced the spring on our garage door.  If we should need garage door repair in the future, we won't hesitate to call him again!
I totally agree with the previous review.  Stay away from that Coke guy at this firm!  He leaves a very bad taste for this firm!!!  You are better going to another firm who will not harass you.
Love this place. For a fat guy they put all the xxl shirts on one rack in the store. easy shopping for fat guy like me who do want to walk all over the store.
Candy, fruity drinks and fun inside Paris Las Vegas.  Get the $36 goblet of your choice but be sure to eat some food because they are strong drinks!
My Fiance and I went out for my birthday and we were very pleased with our whole dining experience. The staff was excellent we received our food and drinks very quickly. The food was also excellent. I will definitely be returning :)
I am a big fan of a smeggy Chinese takeout and this place fits the bill. You get a big portion of hot food, real quick. There are numerous dishes that I have had that have been pretty meh but after a few attempts I found some dishes that are exactly the kind of Chinese artery clogging that I want some times.
Sandwiches over priced and what sandwich place doesn't have mayo only something called dirty sauce.  Waste of time and money.....
The chicken satay was rubbery and the rice dull. The cucumber was tasty, though. This is too bad, because the other times I've eaten here the food has been fine. Hope the cooking comes back to that level.
Had a catered dinner here with 40 colleagues. Food was very good, service very good. Great location - even enjoyed a live string quartet playing in the \"courtyard\" outside the restaurant's entry.\n\nDefinitely would go again.
Awesome service and awesome prices!!! Had a friend who is a cigar aficionado and went here via yelp.  He was impressed. My go to cigar. I'm hooked.
One of my favorite Marriotts... As a Gold/Platinum you will receive a full cooked to order breakfast, wifi, and a spacious two room suite with French doors.  Parking is free and it's within walking distance of the convention center and Wynn and a High Dollar Mall.
I feel that it is important to mention that neither Laura nor Lisa are working at the Brow Lady USA anymore and I therefore cannot recommend the new aestheticians as I have not experienced their work.
Smoothies and sandwiches at this location are hit or miss. Also, I went here 2 nights in a row after working out at LVAC and both times the staff were ridiculously unfriendly... I wasn't annoyed, in fact, I thought it was kinda entertaining because they seemed to really hate their jobs lol
DO NOT GO HERE. I found this supercuts on yelp with 1 review and it was a positive one, however they butchered my hair. I basically have a buzz which should be a very simple job, but the stylist managed to hack up my neck line beyond repair.
Granted, I'm used to San Francisco prices, but $6.50 (tax included) for a full order seems like a steal! First time in Madison and gave the place a try after seeing all the positive reviews...boy am I glad I did! Freshly made, local ingredients, and friendly service. Awesome spot.
One of my favorite spots.  Food, beer, and awesome ambience.
Clean facility, very friendly and helpful staff. Could just update their machines and add a little bit more seating other than that it was a normal laundromat.
Very good food. All is from scratch and fresh. Pierogi's are excellent. Serrol soup was new to me and was a pleasantly surprise in how great it tasted. Staff very friendly. If you are not familiar with Polish food, they are more than happy to share how it's made. Will be going back.
Great sandwiches, and they were so fast I nearly did freak.  Unwich helping me keep it carb free! Holler!
The french toast is RIDICULOUSLY delicious.  I love Matt's! Definitely one of my favorite breakfast places in Phoenix.
Poor service, awful attitudes and sub-par food.  I could make the same food in my own kitchen ... Hope to see another Thai spot open downtown.
Somewhat limited menu -- but really liked this place. Pad Kee Mow was delicious -- one of the better I have ever had. Would return.
Sadly, it looks like the cursed location has taken what was actually the best restaurant ever to sit next to federicos.  Just stopped at Luu's chicken bowl and they appear to have shut down :(
Service is excellent. Food was so-so. Music is also good. Drinks were tasty. Sit upstairs where the band is.
Awesome food, great chef(s). I love that you can bring a bottle with you instead of paying triple for wine!!!
This is a great casual pizza place.  We really enjoyed our cheese pizza.
Best gourmet pizza in Phoenix. The wait time may change your mind. If you really want face melting pizza travel to Chicago, Boston, New York. Even Salt Lake City. However, if in Phoenix/Scottsdale area, try it when it's not busy. Good luck
Big fan of the wait board parking lot. You don't have to take laps like at other airports, you can just sit there and watch until the flight you're waiting for has landed. The airport is clean and friendly staff are available to help.
Great dnuts, the only issue is where it is located and its cash only but great dnuts
Very expensive, take the time to go somewhere else and you'll save a ton of money. Everything is marked up at least 100%.
Not the fanciest hotel, but a great mid price option. The rooms are acceptable and the location is key so I'd stay here again!
Not worth it. \nGot the full rack ribs and my wife the 1/2 they look exactly the same. \nWhy come here when there's some many more choices. Never again
Cox is the worst company on the face of the earth.   My internet has doubled in price over the last 3 years, and each time without any notice.   Goodbye Cox, hello CenturyLink.
If you just imagine you're in mainland China, this will feel right. Service is a bit strange,  but it's traditional Chinese service. I come for the ever elusive, hard to find chichen chop suey, and I love it !
Pretty good food,I had the burger and the philly cheese.. horrible customer service those people have no manners.. These people should be no where around customers stay in the kitchen guys.\n\nCustomer service has improved new employee
This is the place to stay. If you don't mind being just off the strip and are looking for a great place. It has it all
Great crepes...although it needs to open earlier and 7 days a week.  It seems that I have tried to go when it is closed as often as it is open.
You will not find more honest business people than the owners of Select Glass. They stand behind what they say and do. I will do business with them again and again.
Yummy coffee, friendly service & best of all it's not a Starbuck's!\n(or a Sixbuck's if you will)
Friendly staff and great price on mini pitchers but very smokey inside.\n\nAttached to a laundry mat with a decent size bar and a liquor store as well.\n\nSo-so
Had breakfast here this morning. Went with the pastrami and cheese. It was absolutely delicious. The pastrami was lean tasty battery and warm through out. The fries added the perfect snap and the cole slaw was amazing. Greatest breakfast I ever had.
When it comes to eating at a buffet you, of course have to have a strategy.  Know what you want.  The make very good Brussels  sprouts, duck and other things.  But they also ruined the macaroon. Not impressive!  But hey it's vegas baby.
Yummy!!  Offered to let us take some peanuts to go.\n\nThe soda machines are awesome with 200 different types of soda combinations.  One of the soda machines broke while we were there so took a little longer to wait for the other machine.
Love this spot. The owners are awesome, the food and service are great and the chill atmosphere is unbeatable.
Good food at an awesome price!!! Need I say more?
Our waitress was great. But the service was super slow. Probably cause one person was taking table orders and waiting on every table. And 4 people standing up front not doing anything but talking to each other and playing on their phones. The owner needs to start managing this place. Very disappointing for a first visit. Better pizza places right down the street
The service was great until the new waitress took over, she had no patience and rushed us (my delicious glass of sangria was half full when she took it away). The food was great. I got salmon salad. And they offer hookah on the third floor, with beautiful view!
Room was clean but that's as positive as I can be.  Very little water pressure in the shower.  Tiny soap bars. Only 2 towels.  No tv channels to speak of.  The casino and midway smelled horrible.  Very out dated will definitely go back to our regular spots on Fremont Street!
This is best the Thai restaurant I've been to in Edinburgh and has quite a unique take on a few classic dishes that works out really well in my opinion. Their Pad Thai is the best I've ever had. Being a basement restaurant it has a nice dark, cosy atmosphere.
Friendly staff, very helpful. Great deals at the end of month. Most apartments have recently been renovated. Diverse community. Great workout center.
You pay for what you get. I thought the food was good in taste and quantity for the price. Service wasn't great, but I don't think I have ever had great service at any Thai restaurant.
Try the fish and chips.  The staff was nice and courteous.  KInda small but cool place to grab a bite to eat before leaving sin city.
It's obvious this is my favorite store! Nothing like getting the best prices on clothes!
One of our favs for pizza!!!!! However, Renee was amazing as our Server!!!! Thank you Renee for making my evening with my Parents so enjoyable!!!!!
Yes,this place has been the worst ,service is bad,dirty and over price,think mcdonalds is still better than this place! Wife and kids didnt like it.
Nice restaurant and bar, great seafood (try the lobster risotto), and scotch/cigar bar next door.
We ate here because we were just looking for something nearby and quick.  The food was okay, nothing super special but decent.  I'm not sure if I'd come back to eat here, not so memorable.  The wait staff was very helpful and friendly though.
I love this place for its unique atmosphere in a pretty run - down strip mall. I love the variety of coffee drinks, alcoholic beverages, and awesome bruschetta. My complaint is the service: once you order, the wait staff rarely returns to check on you.
the renovated room is much better than the old ones.  the bed is really comfortable.  the bathroom is outdated (likely did not get renovated).  they do charge you a 'resort fee' which was a surprise since i booked it through priceline.  it's good value for what you are paying for on the strip.
Gold spike is fantastic to chill, have a drink and play a game. Love giant Cornhole and beer pong! Bartender Brittany is amazing, super nice and has such a positive attitude, which at times can be rare in this city! Would love to see her working more often!
I will go out of my way to go to this Wal-Mart. The store is clean and not messy and crazy like the one on Northern and 55th ave in Glendale.
Lunch buffet $10.99. Yummy garlic naan!!
Great beer and wine selection. I love the vibe of this place and the outside patio is cozy. Good music. Good atmosphere. I've yet to try the food though. I'll update this once I have!
You can never go wrong with Chompies! Everything on the menu is amazing!
Shrimp rice krispies was outstanding.  Filet was decent, creamed spinach side was good.  Took forty minutes between the appetizer and the entree, so the bartender gave me a free shot.  Vibe was good - more lounge than steakhouse but could still have jovial dinner.
Delicious Thai food. I work within walking distance of Mr. Chop Chop, so I often drop by for lunch. The lunch specials are very cheap and very tasty. Try their Pad Thai and their curries.
Ordered blackbean burger anf falafel salad. Food was ok and lacked proper seasoning. But the ambience and service was really great and worth coming for again.
Nice location. Friendly staff. Lines can get long at times. If you can print from home, try to ahead of time.\n\nThey have PO Boxes, Passports.. anything you'd need.
This place is great. The owner Doug is the best very friendly people. and the food is AAAA+++++
Awesome boneless wings, great happy hour, our bartender Jake was super friendly and gave us awesome service
CARLO is GREATEST bartender!\nCame to meet some friends late night and Carlo was super friendly and took good care of our crew!
Tea Rex is a really cute, unique tea shop. Specialty stores like Tea Rex probably aren't doing so hot in this crappy economy, so I'd recommend looking here and at other similar shops for Christmas gifts. They've got cool teapots and other accessories, and, of course, a wide selection of all types of tea.
Great food and service . I have been coming for years and still nothing compared to the food and service, no matter which store I am at.
The TSA videos are great!  A little humor always makes the time in line pass faster. Airport is easy to get around, plenty of options for affordable eats to take on the plane or before boarding.  The best part has to be the  kiosk selling diamond jewelry in the boarding area.  Only in Las Vegas!
Very friendly office staff and clean grounds, pools and new fitness room. Trees and quiet feeling made this my choice.  There are monthly events for tenants and free dvd rentals from the office.  We re moving in for a short trm rental which was difficult to find in Vegas.
Should be less then 1 star the place is horrible  and the staff are assholes just rude and  sloppy avoid at all costs !!!!!
This bar is awesome. They have a great selection, everyone is incredibly friendly and down to earth. Least douchey bar I've been to in Scottsdale.
Sooo this is my first time here and i would say this is my new favorite place to go for happy hour! Food was delicious and service was excellent. I would definitely go back!
Wilted, soggy house salad. \nTiny sushi pieces over balls of sushi rice that breaks apart. Sloppy presentation. This is no better than a strip mall sushi joint. Prices are laughable. There are many more satisfying options around the area.
This place is terrible i been to many foot massages and this is the worst, the attendants just keep talking the entire session, using their phones while working, the massage is terrible its like they are not in the mood of working and do their job. Go and spend your money somewhere else any other place in china town is 10 times better
I am not a huge doughnut fan, but Pink Box is to die for. Every single kind of doughnut I have had is amazing. This location runs out fast, but the lake mead location is 24hrs. my only issue with Pink Box is I wish they had a different brand of chocolate milk, true moo is gross.
The outlaw burger may have changed my life. Awesome food and even better beer. XXV from North Coast, CA is excellent. Great little joint. We were in and out quickly and everyone enjoyed the experience. I highly recommend.
For reasons I can't repeat that have nothing to do with the food, YAYO is AMAZING.
The best food I have EVER eaten!  My mouth danced the whole time.  Beautiful and unique admosphete and exceptional service. Ahhhhhhhh!
How do I say this? A good dinner but it was not one of those off the chart places. Nothing wrong, just a good steak and good service. I'm still looking for that epic steakhouse in Las Vegas.
Slow service, bad pizza. The only good thing was they had 5 TVs and had the World Cup playing which we wanted to see. Other than that yuck. Pizza was greasy and undercooked.
Awful!!!\nNever EVER follows schedule! Lets you wait for literally over an hour on a bus that is supposed to be running every 15 min.
The Pizza was excellent: thin crust, coal or wood fired oven, fresh ingredients.  I wasn't expecting it to be great, but it was really good.  The atmosphere is nice too.
Great place, food is everything I expected. The frys are home made and the fish sandwich was super good. They also give coleslaw! The owner is super cool too. Go here and eat!
These guys have a great show room and they really spent the time to go over all my options. Very pleased with their work and price. I would recommend to friends and my family.
For what people say about this place, I just don't see it.  I tried it and will not be back.  Too expensive for what is offered.  The wait is way too long and it didn't taste that great.  I would pick subway every day over this place.
Love not only the food, but the service!  Homemade taste and lots of yum!
A lot of cool stuff. I came by to donate old uniforms and the owner gave me a new pair of boots in exchange.
There were quite a few unique games in here, but I didn't really find it to my liking. Although, if I had a friend who liked games I would come directly here to buy him/her a gift.
Don't you hate it when you accidentally hit the jalape\u00f1o cheese pump like 5 times too many on your fries?...........ya, me neither.  \n\nNot much wrong with this place.
This is the worst venue for a concert.. #brunomars concert avoid at all costs.. never again will I ever come here for a concert
Chinese food good.I think they should just stick to Chinese food leave asian food alone. Do not Order Hibachi from this place didn't taste like it to me.
I loved my sandwich. The Bobbie tastes like Thanksgiving! It's turkey, w/ stuffing, and cranberry on fresh bread. For reals! Extra yum! ...The two dudes that made our sandwiches were cool.
Chose 4 different tacos which had very different flavors and all were very good. I'd definitely come back here next time I'm in town.
Yes it is good food. The food definately backs up the name of the restaurant.
Amazing, amazing, amazing. I love their cucumber salad, their tempura is delicious without being soggy, the bento combos are adorable and overflowing with food.. and oh yeah, the sushi is AMAZING.
I'm a North Indian and know the North Indian food very well. So In short, Horrible location, Horrible Food, Horrible Ambience.\n\nI can say it for sure that everything was stale !!!
Awesome lunch specials for crazy cheap.  Greta sushi as well. Never had a bad experience.
Love the breakfast at Randy's!  Always delicious and the best service ever!  Do more events like breakfast with the birds! That was awesome!
Need I Say More?
Food was decent, waaaaay to overpriced for the quality and service. I am always scouting new and exciting places worthy of making my weekly dining list of places, however this placed missed its marked. Cool deco though!
Go here for liquor and bloody mary mix not wine. I get my wine from my nephew that is a wine maker in Santa Barbara so suck it you AZ wine people! Like BevMo MO Yo!
Love it! Lots of options.  Great service.  Only place I go.
Wow great food! We had the Roberts taco, potato tacos, enchilada, and Chile Relleno. Nice to get good Mexican food without me having to cook it!
Casino review.  Disgusting smell.  I had a horrible head cold, could barely smell or taste a thing and even I was nauseated by the smell.  What IS that smell?  We couldn't get out of there fast enough.  We considered dining at one of their many restaurants and based on the smell decided against that.
For all you curly headed  or fine haired friends Angela is the one you want to see!!  She is the best at cutting hair in flattering fashion, no matter your hair issues..believe me I have seen miracles.
Enjoying my strawberry raspados right now, and it's 105 degrees out. Great way to cool down, but the staff wasn't super helpful with the all-Spanish menu.
Best hotel ever.\n\nThe location is perfect, the price is usually just right, the pool is the best in the entire world, the rooms are nice, the people are nice...\n\nIt's a winner!
Legendary smoke meat and at a affordable price, and amazing service, you haven't come to Montreal until you have tried schwartz's
This place is great! It has a large lounge area, with spacious private dining rooms and an enormous patio that faces the quaint small shops of Old Town Scottsdale.  The atmosphere is warm and weloming and the staff are very helpful.
We just visited this place over the weekend for the first time. We used a groupon for $20.00 me, my husband and two kids could golf! That was a great deal! The place is a little small ans could be a bit cleaner but overall we had a blast and the glow in the dark theme is a great idea!
We have eaten here several times on family trips. Not only has the food always been well prepared, but the service has always been fast and very friendly. It is standard Chili's fare and a little overpriced, but okay for an airport. I highly recommend if you want a sit down meal at CLT airport.
Sorry, we're from Seattle, and this place wouldn't last a week there. Frozen processed fish patties are NOT fish and chips. How about fresh halibut or at least cod instead?
Iv'e been here a few times. Just about everything here is pricey. If you shop at Fry's or Target Or.... Even Walmart you will save quite a bit of money. The shops a little bit older but its clean.
I'm here right now and am sitting next to someone Who works here who told me if I continue to ask him where my credit card is, which has been gone for 30 minutes - that he  will kick me out. I cannot imagine a worse place to spend my night then a place where people people like this exist.
Good oysters, cold drinks and great service. Makes for a wonderful date night or a day out with friends
I was in that part of town and craving pastrami. This was the karst place and had great yelp reviews. The pastrami and phili steak both suck. \nThe pastrami is fatty and chewy.  Very poor quality   The phili beef was nothing exciting and flavorless.
I went to eat here a few times.  The first time, I forgot what I ordered.  The second time i ordered pasta which was decent.  The third time i ordered the mushroom burger and it was disgusting.  They had the mushroom and the meat blended together.
I love this nail spa.  I have always had great service here and they do a good job.  Prices are very reasonable. They recently expanded the salon and the place is very clean and modern. They do a great job with gel nails (no bubbles) and usually get me in and out pretty quickly.
Great service, great drinks always at a good price music is cool.... but the main attraction.... THE TACOS!
Really nice staff at the Regal - good people and very friendly. \nTheaters and bathrooms were clean, parking ample, and sound was good.
Delicious food! I had never tried Peruvian food before, but the owner & his wife both came by our table & made suggestions, helped me learn to pronounce everything & came by several times to make sure we liked what we ordered.\n\nGood prices, great service, authentic atmosphere...I will go here again!
Incredibly good food, amazing, friendly staff, reasonable prices! It's the Chipotle concept with fresh Italian ingredients! Built in front of your eyes and ridiculously good! Add them to your list of favorite places!
When ordering the person was extremely rude. She told me I don't know what I want. Took forever to get the food. In-n-out burger has better burgers. I will not waste my money here I'd rather drive another 20 minutes for quality food.
Terrible food. Terrible management. Terrible time. I'd rather get food from AJ's next door, and cook that at home versus ever coming back here.
I love McCarran Airport!! One of my favorites. The D gates are the nicest at LAS.  It also depends on the gates you are at. The D gates are my favorite. I only had one problem with the TSA agents. They are all rude and expect you to treat them like they are royalty.
Like this lil grocery. Very convienient, lots of choices for a smaller store,  clean, produce is always good and keeps well. Love the fresh meats they have at the counter and their ground coffee.
Thrice I have dined at this establishment and thrice I have enjoyed my meal.  The french onion burger is wonderful and the forbidden rice is sinfully flavorful.  \n\nGreat decor and good vibes all around.  Cheers.
Good food, fun atmosphere and friendly service...  The beer is not bad either.\nTry \"lifting the kilt!\"
Alyssa has been cutting my hair for 7 years. She cuts my daughters hair too! I recommend her to people all the time because she is fantastic. She does a precision cut that grows out great!
Love our new sunglasses & watch! Customer service is A+ and prices are not bad either!
Great Peking Duck & Chinese Sausage Fried Rice!  Nice restaurant inside and great service.
Good ribs. Decent brisket and pulled pork. Not my favorite chicken.  If you want some BBQ ribs - come here and get that; 5 stars in that department.
I have been going to this practice  The whole appointment with blood tests took 1. 50 mins. And I am a VIP patient paying an extra $1,000 a year. Shame on the scheduler.
Fantastic food from starters (hummus, olives) through mains (shish taouk). Great service and atmosphere. We will look forward to returning soon and often.
We went there for lunch on a weekday.  Worst customer service. One of our waiters was extremely grumpy and got upset when we werent ready to order. I got the grilled chicken and it was RAW. and cash only. Awful experience and mediocre food. Never going back again.
Our food was above average and they greeted us immediately and offered drinks. Service was perfect and down to earth when they had to explain the definition of menu items to me. :) I didn't like paying $15 for small sides with dinner ... the small side plain caesar ain't worth $10, even in that environment.
***Fashion Show Mall is a huge mall and there are plenty of stores to visit, but in terms of big malls, I prefer Costa Mesa's South Coast Plaza***\n\nI think Fashion Show Mall offers complimentary self parking.  I'm not sure if they also offer complimentary valet parking.
I recently brought a relatives car here after we replaced the fuel pump and other things on the car and I have to say it was a great experience! I arrived at 7:30 when they opened and they had all of the work done within an hour and the managers were very friendly.
Holy hell! Just had the best massage of my life today with Eric! I was extremely relaxed and comfortable as he worked his magic on my aching body. He has super prices- he's in an extremely convenient location- he can come to you- and he does an absolutely amazing job! I've already booked my next appointment!!
Used to go here all the time until the last few times I walked in and couldn't handle all the dirty dishes sitting around and good covering the floor. I don't plan on going back. They really need some more staff or something.
Worst pizza I have ever had. The manager Anthony was so rude after messing up my order twice! How ridiculous, he didn't even treat any of the employees with an ounce of respect for their mistakes. Horrible corrupted company. Never returning to this establishment
This place is great. The staff is so friendly and knowledgeable about their products. Lisa is  the best; she is  helpful and extremely nice. This is the ONLY bath and body works in the Las Vegas area that I will shop at from now on.
I really like this place. An eclectic American fusion menu including unique pizzas, burgers, seafood, and more. Good stuff.  You order at the counter, and seat yourself.  Service is friendly.  And on your birthday they credit you $10 towards your meal. \n\nA nice little gem in Gilbert.
Bar tender at the Venetian location was super rude and really ruined the experience. If you are already drunk, maybe it wont matter, drinks were strong however and left us refreshed after a long day and aching feet.  Looking over the other reviews,I'm wishing we had gone to a different location.
Very authentic. The best we have found when visiting Phoenix. The green chile sauce is similar to what \"Grandma used to make\" and i just can't get that anywhere. Its just good old fashioned home made Mexican food made to order. Can't wait for our next visit.
Very friendly staff. They work as quickly as possible to get everyone in and out. Very thorough with vehicle inspections. Prices are reasonable and competitive. I would recommend to others!
I ate here a while back when visiting Vegas with a friend. I had a GREAT time!!! The belly dancers were awesome, the food was delicious and the service was good. It was a little pricey, but defiantly worth it! I will totally visit them again!!
Had the kisra with hummus - so yum - such big portion that I easily shared it w/a friend! Would like to have a full dinner here, besides HH. Watch out - bartender seems to have a strong pour. ;)
I had the Sedona and it was great.  Service was fair, not real slow but not great either thus 4 stars.
Service beyond bad. 13 people behind the bar and crap for service. I've been a bartender....it's not rocket science.
This is the best Indian food I have ever eaten! The staff is wonderfully polite and attentive. I went the first night I was in Edinburgh and went back 4 nights later and the waiter remembered what I had ordered. I don't eat dairy and he remembered what I had asked them to make special for me. I highly recommend them.
I vow to avoid this store as much as possible. Smugness is not a virtue yet some of the employees at this store can teach a class on it.  I did shop here knowing their prices were high yet it was convenient.  \nYet due to their employees poor attitudes, other stores will get my business.
Honestly don't know why everyone loves this place? The Yelpers below me must be drunk when they went here... Food sucks, prices are too high for quality of service and the people cooking the food look like convicts recently released from Tent City.
This place is OK.  The food is always good but parking can be tricky at times.  It is my least favorite of the 3 locations although it is still a very nice restaurant.. I would recommend heading to the 63rd and Bell location if you feel the food is more important than the aesthetics ..
These guys are awesome! Had a technical failure with a BMW remote key access and they provided a solution, allowing me to continue my destination. If it wasn't for them this issue would have cost me HUNDREDS!!
Ever see the 2 girls, 1 cup video?  I think I'd rather try that than ever eat at Tortilla Factory again.\n\nIt's that bad. Really. The worst (in every way) restaurant I have ever been to. In my entire life.  And I'm 369 years old.
Went again yesterday and again it was excellent.  Still high quality, consistent, good service, everything you could ask.  I had the steak salad, wife had breakfast, daughter had banana pancakes, all great.  Consistency counts.
This is a terrrible store! I went in to simply buy Milk. They had the isle closed off  and when I finally did get the milk the lines were so long it took me 20 minurtes just ot buy a 1/2 gallon of milk. Next time I will go to Fry's
Dr Phan is excellent, he took his time to give me the best service ever. He even took the time to call me at night to follow up with me. \n\nDefinitely the best experience I've had & I am not afraid of the dentist anymore\n\nA+++
I will never, ever take a taxi again!  Or park my car at airport!  Gilbert is the perfect answer to a quick trip to airport; he is punctual, reliable, and a real gentleman.  Ive used his service many times and ( am VERY VERY picky) and I highly recommend using Gilbert and his staff.
Great concept but the service was so slow and unresponsive that it made it hard to enjoy the food. Was surprised to be charged for a mere change in vegetable choice...bad form. Food was good, well seasoned, and nicer portions--not too big, not too small. Very nice outdoor patio area.
This review is for the associate who helped set up our cable/internet service. Kyle was incredibly helpful and didn't try and push unwanted services on us - plus we got a good deal compared to what we could get with similar services. \n\nNice associates make the painful cable/internet bills a little more bearable, so thanks Kyle!
Pricey... very much so.\n\nBut, hey, if you wanna impress, that goes out the window. What's left is quality. And DB Infusion Chocolates provides premium quality... and a lot of very interesting flavors.
Great classes.  The instructors are very knowledgeable and great with dogs (and people).  We did Puppy I, Puppy II, and Intermediate classes (all at the Happy Dogz Middleton location) and we'll do more in the future.  The classes were really helpful and they were fun too.
For the price the food is great value, portions are good and the staff are very pleasant. Great thing is you can finish off your meal with a Starbucks from next door.
I just got a tattoo by Jason. Beyond anything I could have hoped for. Went in with a sketch, and knew exactly what I wanted, and he delivered. It's beautiful. I will go again. Beautiful, clean, environment. Walked in without an appointment, and got great service.
My wife and I were in Las Vegas and got a massage from the Rubb Massage company. The massage and experience was terrific. I would highly recommend them to anyone in Vegas on holiday.
Love D&D but not the prices! Wait till Whole Foods Market arrives area markets will really be hit. D&D will have to make some changes.
Rude clerks. Never had terrible customer service before from GameStop. Jalen was actually joking about customers at the front desk in front of customers wtf!? Won't be going here again :-(
Great food, great drinks! Fun place to go!!
waited for 15 minutes to be seated, another 30 and no one took our order... i got drinks but that was it... i like chompies but avoid thsi one...
Do not have a private party here! You will get robbed, double booked, and treated terribly. I will make sure for the rest of my life that no one that I know goes to this restaurant. The owner is an absolute crook!
After posting this review, I sent a copy to the owner at Organic Dry Cleaners by e-mail.  He never responded.  This place does bad work and provides bad customer service.  Don't go there.
wow im just going for it yes 5 stars fantastic staff excellent pizza and i love the appitizer platter, we had a nice bottle of wine and fantastic house made lemoncello,
Great food! Fries always seem overdone but they taste great. Wait can be long so get there early.
I got a good price on 2000 sq ft of carpet and the sales lady and installation team were very friendly and helpful :)\n\nKaren Hudak
Don't rent from here unless you have a half hour to kill in spare time. Picking up and returning takes way too long. You think if you have a reservation they would have a car ready for you. Not wait until you get there to clean and wash it. None of the staff was friendly or helpful either
10 bucks for a horrible buffet in a grimy strip mall.  The irony is that the owner (according to articles on the wall) is responsible for Renu Korn in Norwalk, Ca, the best Thai place I've ever been to...
Came here for a carpet clean and shampoo seats. They told me it would be charge 80 total plus addition 15 dollar tip! \nSeriously?! I thought you tip on how great they do. Not on how much they demand.\n\nThis is gonna be the last time I come here.
There were four of us and the best thing about this place was the bread that doesn't get refilled. Don't come here.  It smells funny and the service is horrible!  I have heard good things but this is like being in the twilight zone!
The crepe with brie, apples, and maple syrup changed my life.\n\nI'm not kidding.
Came here for DJ Benny Benassi! Had a awesome time just being drunk and dancing to good music. Other than that, it is a huge club with a lot of pyrotechnics, and the club gives you that big studio/warehouse environment.
Just had AMS complete a job another landscaper left in a mess at mid-stream.  AMS showed up exactly when they said they would, gave a fair price, and completed the sprinkler pipe repair including cleanup afterwards.  I will definitely use them again and recommend hem to all of my friends who need landscape work performed.
This place has the most disrespectful staff ever.  They are always outside smoking and bringing that  smell in with them. Then  you make a  purchase and they barely acknowledge you and NEVER say thank you.   They could all take a Manners 101 class.  They are too busy socializing to acknowledge paying customers.  Ridiculous.
Best place for chicken breast! Always looks good, never suspect! Though I will walk around aimlessly, chicken is really all that I'll buy from them.
Food is always good although the service could be better and seating is limited.  I prefer the truck.
Blah blah blah bland.. If your 67yrs old and on a strict no flavor diet, then this is the place for you. Never again. I wish i had 2 more hands so i can give it 4 thumbs down
3 words: Licked the Plate!\n\nI had all but given up on a good fast food Mexican restaurant in the Norhwest Valley. This place is it!
I quite enjoyed the dinner I had here and would definitely return. Friendly service, excellent food... Seems on a par quality wise with Bankok Balcony in Squirrel Hill. Fairly small inside.
Delicious! A variety of frozen yogurt at reasonable prices. And there's a good amount of toppings as well. \n\nThis is one of my favorite DIY frozen yogurt places. Love it!
service was by far the best at this buffet then any other we had in vegas, food was ok too\nbut way over priced for a buffet
This the best Boba place by far in Vegas. My favs. Are fresh Taro and Jackfruit here.
Visited on father's day, service was prompt, we had eggs Benedict, healthy breakfast and original. Hollandaise sauce was excellent,  healthy breakfast was packed with flavor.\n\nLocation is a little tough to find but worth it.
Expensive but good quality. All in all it was pretty good.
The staff was polite on the phone and delivery was fast but the food was horrible. Had the family dinner a and everything in the order tasted old. Nothing was fresh the crab ra goons were hard as a rock. Won't order from here again.
We have been to this restaurant twice and both times was great. Sushi is wonderful, just stay away from the saki. It is awful. \n\nService is great but is a but pricey, but you are in Vegas.
Not my favorite gelato place by far.  The gelato was icy and was more like the consistency for ice cream of frozen yogurt.  Felt rushed by the person at the counter.  Not really any reason to go back but not terrible.
Was not very good, got blueberry waffle it came out with defrosting cold blueberries. That didn't taste good at all. Friends potatoes were undercooked, service was nothing special. Complained about the blueberries and did not eat them, but still got charged. Wouldn't go there again
We got there just before 9 and supposedly they were cooking them fresh, but the ones my husband and I got looked good, sounded good, but were pretty tasteless hard and kind of skimpy on the filing. For how much you pay its a rip off.  Gas stations and grocery stores have better donuts.
Chicken nachos was awesome.
This is gonna be short and sweet, included is a pic of the chicken salad sandwich that was picked up for lunch. Enough said.
What an awesome sushi place! I highly recommend How do You roll, if you want some sushi done quickly and freshly and without wait. what a novel idea. I want to thank the manager Amanda for taking good care of me, can't wait to come back again!
Lots of choice, plenty of parking, no queues, clean, bright and generally great. Minor gripe is that when I couldn't find something, it wasn't easy to differentiate between staff and customers. Some staff just seemed to have on their weekend clothes! Thank goodness for name tags......
Great food, excellent service for exception price.  You MUST try it if you are in Chandler!
Foodwasn't that bad but service was horrible. It took 35 minutes for a party of 8 to be seated on a Saturday night. Our waiter was slow, didn't refill drinks as often as he should have and our appetizers came with our dinner, 35 minutes after we ordered ! Cannot recommend
Perfect combination chow mein.  Crab rangoon needs more crab; then would be just right.
Folks. This place is CLOSED. It's now a Mediterranean place. I don't know why Yelp hasn't updated its status in two months.
5 people at the bar, 5 waiters hangin out in kitchen area chatting it up. Finally bar tender waits on us. She was great. Obviously no manager on duty at 9pm on Wednesday.
Cheuvront's is a nice little spot in Downtown Phoenix and a perfect place for a date night. The wine and cheese was fantastic. I was also very impressed by the attentiveness of the wait staff. I'll definitely be going back!
My experience at the Mirage was not that great.  The room was not that big and the view they gave me stunk for being a player cards, well I guess M-life member now.  Not trying to say that I am a high roller, but I spend a good amount of money at the casino.
Why would you go anywhere else!! This place is the BEST! Tyler knows everything there is to know about BMX and can hook you up with the best parts. I have been going here since they opened and couldn't be more pleased. Keep up the good work!
Worse customer service at auto center. Don't online order. They don't have a clue what they're doing here. Will take long.
Good food...bad customer service. Even on a slow night, they walk around as if they don't have tables. Very inattentive & we basically only saw our server twice & waited longer for our bill. Want to kill some time? Come here if not, avoid this location.
Love the French vanilla coffee! Dunkin Donuts had fast service and their workers were very pleasant.  They have cute seasonal donuts.  The donuts were tasty and the price was very reasonable.  They also offer discounted coffee prices on different days of the week.  I plan on becoming a regular customer.
I ate here a few weeks ago and while I was waiting for a refill I saw our waitress pick her nose before she came to our table. I was so grossed out I had to leave. I will not return here. If this is happening in the front what is going on in the back?
Reveled in it more than I suspected - diverse choreographed fountain shows with distinctive soundtracks through out evening and nighttime. Saw day and night show.
The grilled cheese sandwich was amazing.  And cheap!  The truckers here were friendly but, holy crap, do they have some sad stories to tell.  And they will talk to anyone who will listen.\n\nCASH ONLY.  But really, what did you expect.
I just had them here to install a new fridge and take away my old fridge they were very nice and the first thing they asked is if we have any dogs or cats so he could shut the door. They came out the next day and gave a call prior to arriving. I would definatly recomend them again.
Great food & great service!
Beans are hard and undercooked, burritos overpriced. They're only in business because there aren't a lot of decent quick options around.
Incredible dessert case!  Solid lunch place for sandwiches on wonderful homemade bread.  Dessert case is studded with amazing sweets!
extremely good fine dining. I really liked the sweetbreads, which might have biased me towards it because I really like sweetbreads and they are rare to find in restaurants in the first place. Also, great roasted bone marrow!
Steve Wynn did not make a winner with this spot.  Mediocre to terrible bland overpriced food.  Sorry Steve. \nGo elsewhere
I had a blast here. It's huge and gorgeous. Very expensive but you get what you pay for. Next time I head to Vegas I'm totally coming back here. The confetti cannons are cool and light effects. Seriously, such a great time to be had here.
When i'm in Vegas for work, i often go to Sura BBQ. It's a very big place and their food is decent. Will be back in few months.
I am restraining myself from so many expletives but this place is effing horrible. The customer service is the worst I have ever experienced.  Don't ever ever ever ever order from here unless u want rude service, complete waste of money, cold food, high prices.
I live @TheResidence so happily found The Cowfish after relocating from Miami Beach in January. The menu, ambiance, and staff rock! I know the wait is long but there is always take-out. The truffle fries are a game changer. Good luck in Orlando -- SouthBeach needs you.
I stopped in here this week, for the first time in years to catch the Wofford vs. Wisconsin basketball game.  It was about 3:00pm, and only the bar side of the building was being seated. Can I say it was an utterly chitty experience, and leave it at that?
went there again today on Labor Day. Service was not good. It took 70 minutes to get our food! Hoping this was just a fluke ( I do like their food).  I'm going to have to frequent some other places for brunch for a while though.
The sushi here was horrible! We ordered two rolls, the dragon roll and California roll.... Both were so small! It's not worth your money.
Happy that there is location near me that serves Honey Toast. Now I don't have to go all the way to China Town to get my fix. Btw... Ask for extra Honey.
I've been here twice in the past two weeks and have had no issues with their service even when there is a significant amount of customers. The food and the beer make this place worth any wait you incur.
Although it has a sister coffee shop on the Royal Mile, I didnt get the same experience in this one.  The staff were a little rude, although it did supply some lovely goodies.
A cozy spot just off the capital square with  a not to be missed breakfast selections all worth splurging over on your next visit
I'm so scared or brother-in-law wants to go eat there today last time it was so bad I don't know everybody wish me some luck hope I live have a great New Year's. Happy New Year's to all.
Every time is just as good if not better than the last. Thank god I don't live closer I would be here every day! On this visit the bread was extremely fresh and added to the overall awesomeness of Corleone's. Keep up the good work!!!
Was craving a calzone or something tonight and stopped here for the first time.  After much confusion on my part, I ordered a Stromboli and a cannoli.  The Stromboli was delicious! About to have the cannoli now.  Will definitely be back for more! Probably zeppolli in the morning!
Great pizza but DON'T order online! What a mess! They didn't have my order, charged me twice, very frustrating. They did refund one of the charges and comped me a 2 liter soda. But do yourself a favor and just call it in. :)
Staff is friendly and attentive, but food is AWFUL & expensive. The only reason I dine here is for the view. Breathtaking view!
Love this restaurant, beautiful setting with quality food and reasonable pricing. The soup trio app is fantastic, as are the lobster shrimp rolls! This place deserves more praise and recognition than it gets!!
I want to love this quilt shop because it does have a great selection of fabric, but both times I have traveled to the store, I have received less than helpful/polite service. It is very disappointing that their customer service wasn't what it could be.
We've been here a couple of times and we love it. The food is good and I love the atmosphere. After we saw Jennifer Lopez, we stopped for drinks and salsa dancing, so fun!
Overpriced burgers.  Sweet potato smashfries were good. I like the fact that they support a local craft brewery-Four Peaks. Staff was very welcoming. Three words In-n-out.
This place is beyond amazing. Been there over 5 times and every time I go in, it only seems to get better. They have a variety of options that are truly tasteful. The service is great as well. \n\nDefinitely go for the lunch buffet. It's awesome.
We had a wonderful Valentine's dinner!  The food was great, the service was even better!  The short ribs were amazing as well as the Mac and cheese!  Will definitely be back!
Old school interior but in a way that reassures you the food will be good... and it is.\nMy wife had the Gollo Buro, which was excellent. I had the Machacca Buro which was good, next time I'll probably get it with some green sauce on top.
Nothing is worth a one star but this place is pretty close. Terrible service they always mess up the order AND they are rude. One time i even got a piece of chicken that was solid rock hard like it was days old. I do not recommend this place. STAY AWAY!!!!
I wish there wasn't glass between me and the people behind the counter! They are so damn rude! I'd slap the crap out of them! Their lettuce was soggy along the my sandwich! Please do not support this shithole!
Without a doubt one of my first stops when I get to Las Vegas. If your a fan of a good cigar you will find what you are looking for. The staff here really know their cigars so I usually buy a couple of their recommendations as well as my long time favourites.
Great food and great service. I came here last for my stepmom's birthday and everyone was happy with their food. I ordered the french onion soup and a plate of seasonal veggies. I'd like to go again to try the fruit and cheese plate!
I almost missed my flight because these guys are ridiculously slow! About 20 minutes for a bagel. I finally asked somebody to check my order because my plane was boarding and her response was, \"Not my problem.\" Terrible service and terrible attitude.
Do not waste your money on this place. Price definetely did not match the food. We found this place by accident, the service was slow and you can get a better burger at carl's junior. Burger bar between the Mandalay Bay and the Luxor  is a better choice.
Great location, nice atmosphere, good food. But very slow service, and overpriced. I ordered a breakfast sandwich with no meat --  it took 20 minutes and cost $6.75.
Great happy hours. Half off menus and $3 drinks. Much merriment can be had for very reasonable money for a classy joint! High recommendation.
What's the point of opening until midnight when vendors are closing left and right and others are out of specials! What are we paying for?
Not even worth a review.. will not spend any energy on corporate scum that steals from the poor.. Spirit Airlines of the bus industry mixed with soul plane.  WASTE OF $39 BUCKS! If theres ever a class action lawsuit I'm in.
Awesome place. Right around the corner from my work. Love the chicken cesar pita and the gyro platter. You have to try this place!
Very good. More chicken in the chicken taco, please.  Small, focused menu that they cook well.
Great new downtown LV bar! Used to be next door to Pizza Rock and has since moved inside the new Grand hotel and casino. It's got a really cool old town Chicago vibe and the wine list is great. Don't bother asking about the Yelp checking special tho, they wont take it.
Love this place. Never have I ever went in their once and not been satisfied. Great service. Amazing food. Amazing prices. Especially their happy hour
Let me start by saying that this was the best hot dog I've ever had (which says a lot considering that I have lived in both Washington, DC and New Orleans).   I honestly wasn't expecting much, and to tell you the truth, I wasn't very hungry.  But what a pleasant surprise.
It's the best place for Mexican in Oakland.  The service is always great and so is the food.  The patio is a great place to hangout in the Summer.  I always recommend going here.
I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE sandwiches and this is by far my favorite sandwich place!!!  There is enough meat on one sandwich for at least 4 Footlong sandwiches at subway!  Fresh bread, veggies and an overall pleasant experience.  The people are always friendly.  I wish there was one in the East Valley!!!!
Absolutely amazing!  Attention to every detail in both taste and presentation. Plus fair prices.  Far and away the best meal we had on our trip to Vegas.  Salmon broil and black sesame pudding, mmmmmmm!
A bit nicer than other good wills I've been to but the quality has gone down a lately.  You used to be able to find some brand new and high quality clothes tiger, now it's all low quality stuff you couldn't sell at a yard sale.
I have loved going to Delfina Salon for the past seven years! Denise goes above & beyond your typical customer service. Last week she went shopping for me to add to my 50's attire for a party while my hair was processing. Who does that?\nDenise always makes me look my best!
Cut my leg on a table piece that was absolutely out of sight (nobodys fault) and notified the manager. He was quick to be very concerned about my leg and fixed the table while ensuring that the remainder of our experience was exceptional. We were very pleased with his customer service and ability to turn our perception around. We will be back for sure!
Good pizza good salads ..great place for lunch..
Great bourbon selection, awesome atmosphere, and a total let down due to lackluster bartenders.  Was hoping for great cocktails, but was disappointed.  Creativity and enthusiam distinctly absent.
Overpriced,\n\nOther than that the place is fun and the service is friendly. The food was ok, nothing special. The soda & ice cream were good, but again overpriced. I can't see myself ever coming back.
Mike was awesome! Called him on an afternoon from my office and he came within the hour. Ten minutes later phone was like new! Amazing prices and great service!!
Great place!  I went here on a referral from one of my co-workers. Professional, competent, friendly, state of the art equipment,  and very clean.  My hygienist was so nice and caring!  Loved her!\n\nThis one of the best dentist offices I have been to.
Good food but you'll be surprised by your bill. Go to share a small order of fries with your small burger...seriously.
Good burger and amazing sweet potato fries.  Good service, but my only complaint is they keep the music pretty loud in there so if you wanna chat with whoever you bring you really have to pay attention lol.  Food and service is good though ... not an amazing burger by any means, but good.
If you need athletic shoes this is the place to go, knowledgeable staff, state of the art equipment to assess your walk or run, one of the biggest selections of various name brands.
Good gym, never ever packed with very many people. I just wish they had a few more machines for lower back.
Blandest tasting seafood fettucine I have ever had.  Portions were large but what's the point... Burgundy wine was fine as was salad and garlic bread.
Checked this out last week and the chicken fajita burrito was actually ok based on my airport food standards (lower than regular food standards). I would look for other options if you have more time than I did.
I make a real effort to avoid chains, but I can't stay away from this place.  We have one in KC and it is the perfect solution to a Sunday hangover.  \n\nFresh, fast and clean....I feel good eating here.
We visit here about once a month or so. Staff is nice, sometimes they are understaffed so it might take a little longer. I always enjoy breakfast food for other meals. Pancakes, hashbrowns and eggs.
This place is great!  Great food, some nicer beers, and a good wine selection as well.\n\nWe ordered an antipasto, and a pizza, the food was all incredible, and the pizza was one of the best NY style pizza's I have had in the phoenix area.
Uninspiring and lackluster thai chicken salad. Some of the ingredients such as the edame and red bell peppers were not fresh at all and tasted like they had a bit of freezer burn. This location is just a good place to meet a group of friends with a beverage and a scone.
Great food! \nReasonable price!\nAte at the bar because it was packed on a Thursday night at 8!\nBartender was very attentive even being busy! \n\nHighly recommended
This hurt; but 3 stars is being generous.  Don't get me wrong, their food is great, but I spent 45 minutes waiting for my to-go lunch today; and when I walked in the door there were only 3 other people seated.
Awesome selection of food and desserts! A bit pricey, but the variety and creativity of the dishes made it worthwhile.
Great food, wonderful service !
Food is very good. Price is comparable to Bottega, its closest competitor. Service is slow and not very good. Atmosphere is wonderful\n\nI would recommend going here if you want something trendy, tasty and have a lot of time to kill.
Great Service and they are always busy - everyone is super nice and orders have always been outstanding.  They know my name and order every time I go!
This was one of the many bars on Mill Ave. that we went to. The food and drinks were cheap, the service was okay, and it wasn't that crowded so you could actually have a conversation in here. \n\nDefinitely worth checking out!
The best dentist EVER! From the time you walk in, Maria is warm and friendly. To seeing Dr. Hsu she's informative as to procedures, and an infectious laugh. I'm sending my wife and kids, ASAP.
Really nice! Had a facial. Felt very pampered. Very professional - one of the best I've ever had. Well priced.
Nice little bakery hidden in the Chinatown area. Lots of good looking desserts. The cracker with sliced almonds in it are really good.
Seating at late evening was poorly done as no hastiest was there to seat you.  We were told sit where you want;  after 10 min, the waiter for that area said he was getting off and we needed to move.  Pricy for what you get, will look elsewhere next time I'm in town.
Extremely rude customer service. Talked badly about a client outloud to another client. Absolutely no customer service. Will never go again
The slowest pharmacy (by far) I've ever experienced. There are plenty of bodies behind the counter but what they're doing back there? Who knows. More often than not, my prescriptions aren't even ready when I arrive so I have to wait while they fill them.  Unfortunately it is the closest option to my house.
I love downtown this week the card flippers are downtown you know the ones where sexy girl will meet you in hotel room. Come on downtown has enough issues keep these people on the strip or in metro lockup
since eating here 2 months ago, i've gone another 3-4 times.  the price is very reasonable and the taste can't be beat.  I've talked with Mr. Minh, the owner i believe, numerous times and he's a great guy.   i'm looking forward to next time
Disappointed.  There were a few signature items that are rare at an every day buffet (crab legs) but the quality of the food was not the greatest.    On Sunday went to the Wynn for the Sunday Brunch and was blown out of the water.  The price was about 40% more but worth 1000%.
My husband and I been wanting to try this place and we finally did. Wasn't bad at all. The price is very reasonable and they have a great selection of root beers. Will come back again.
Cheap overpriced knits.  Big selection of basic styles in multiple colorways with a mix of unique styles (holographic stretch pants!).  Not so nice sales people.  I did like the tall socks and legwarmers though.
I am completely amazed at their wide range of seafood. The prices for the crab legs and claws are incredible. Sadly their Potato Salad from the fresh salad bar was a let down. It was tasteless, but I highly recommend everyone to get their seafood from Wholey. Five stars indeed.
great name
Definitely a regular here!!  Always greeted with a smile and my miller lite in a koozie.  Very clean, food is always on point and its a great local place with a diverse kind of crowd that all get along well.
Went for New Years. Very nice casino, drinks tasted like they were watered down. Staff were very friendly and service was decent considering the crowed. Over all a good experience.
I hear it's much better here if you have a few drinks...maybe to keep your mind off the rude bartender (whom actually snapped at me when picking up a to-go order)....I'm giving my money to Compound Grill now instead!
Just a quick update, Paria is back from her extended leave and cutting hair again!  It's a regular Christmas Miracle!   So if anyone had been having difficulty trying to get a hold of her over the last several months, try again.   Welcome back Paria!
This is a heap rock and roll vampire love story show. I like it. It didn't wow me, but I liked it. The story line was pretty typical. I would watch this is again if I had left over cash from eating.
Poor service is what earns this location a one-star rating from me. Sorry DnB's Concord, NC. I HAVE had positive experiences at other locations however, namely those in my home state of California. Your mileage of course may vary.
Kudos for the decoration and the 90s feeling.
Not the best sushi ever, but pretty good for the price. It's quick and very affordable. I like how everything is color coded so you know how much you're racking up. Dinner for two for less than $20. Awesome.
Ok because I had a groupon. Otherwise the chips were stale and the food just wasn't that good. My food and my husbands were both wrong when they came out.
Linda works miracles!  The most offensive scars, disappear!  She has such a talent and passion for helping people!  Even wrinkles disappear!  Linda is a master at anti aging as well!  Anything related to the skin, Linda is the best!
Ghost town...not so much. Tourist trap that is more interesting than most...yep.\nTwo stores have orginal foundations of the town...the rest reproductions. After 10 min\nwe had enough...but stayed an hour to make it worth the drive.
Always long wait in line to pay. Never enough cashiers. Terrible.\n\nExcellent prices.\n\nVery messy store.\n\nNeed more merchandise in scrapbook department, too many empty displays and shelves.\n\n\nEmployees not helpful.
This piece of shit place doesn't even answer the phone. How are THEY still in business with SUCH SHIT SERVICE!!!!
Great food tucked away from the fast life. Very clean restaurant and very friendly staff.  I most definitely will return again!
This is my first time coming here and my last I place my order at 7:24pm I'm just now getting my food at 7:52pm the rest of the employees was moving Hella slow well at least the employee say thank you
I walked in and the owner told me to come back in an hour as they were booked. I came back in an hour and I still waited an additional 30 mins. The owner began doing my gel nails and then another lady finished them half way through.  My nails took forever and I wasn't happy with the end result.
I could hardly hear the waitress, have a conversation with my wife, or even think. Food was good, but not worth putting up with the noise.  Stick to the Stingray in Old Town.
Super Yummy! Steaks were perfectly cooked to our liking the sides of sauteed mushrooms were amazing as was the flemming potatoes! Our waitress Britney was very helpful and on top of every thing and very sweet!
Why is your white pizza SOOOOO delicious!!! \n\nThis is definitely the place to go after some bar hopping around the Cosmo.
Delicious. This high-end sushi bar in a wealthy area is some of the freshest around. Fancy marble bar with plasma TV. Friendly service and nice atmosphere make this a very enjoyable experience.
Clean and healthy chinese food. Great service too! I really enjoyed the chow fun with gravy and rice cake with egg. The best of all....hong kong ice tea. You have to try it. It's sweet and sour, great combo.
Highly recommend the steak and fries and sitting outside.  Had a great meal with a great atmosphere.
I love House of Yang! Their orange chicken and low mein are fantastic.
Fruit Pico de gallo is bomb!  If  you are looking for a bomb fruit salad the fruit pico de Gayo is definitely the way to go they do it up right!
The food was terrible do not eat at this restaurant. When the sever asked how our food was, I had to tell her It was not good at all. She looked at me and nodded as if to say I know. Go for drinks that's all.
Worst place ever. Sat there for 10 minutes with my 3 year old son and no one came to the table. 2 groups of people got helped who walked in after us. So worst service ever. Need to work on greeting people. The place wasn't even busy. I give this place a zero
This place is gross and really rough on my nails.  I was in pain half the time and walked out with bleeding cuticles.  There are so many options around, go somewhere else.
Very good Beer!  The food is not to bad either however lets be honest you are going there for the beer.
We found Luisa's on Foodie Call, and soooo glad we did! Great specialty pies, great pizza, awesome crust...I have found my new favorite pizza place!
The BEST deals on the internet on SOG Specialty Knives & Tools, COLD Steel, Maxpedition Hard Use Gear, Youngstown Gloves and tons of other great stuff!  http://www.testedbestproducts.com/
I give it three stars, because while the gelato I had was delicious, it was really expensive (too expensive for what it was) Alas, it's Vegas, but still.
Pretty standard gas station for this chain.  Clean, easy to find a pump considering how large this location is and standard priced for area.  Been to this one several times and never had an issue and am always able to easy get gas and get out in a timely manner!\n\nOverall: A \nQuick and easy.
Awesome thin crust Pizza and good wine.  Great patio
One of the coolest bar off strip. Gothic and noir theme. Drinks were pretty reasonable.  Pretty good after-hours.  The lobby is awesome, Great for hanging out with your friends.
Good convient store. Everyone is nice and the minute clinic is awesome.
Loved the food and friendly staff!
Best pizza and pasta in middleton west side of Madison extremely great service everytime the pizza or past is made of  great fresh ingredients convenient reasonable fresh good food good service prompt there is nothing better than novanta take out alcohol and good love ur shit
Ich sag nur rotes Curry.\n\nPreise gut. \n\nRelativ neues und nettes Ambiente f\u00fcr einen Schnellthai.
First off the garlic truffle Parmesan fries were to die for! The actual burgers were so so, had to wait for a table at lunch on a weekday, and service was ok.  I felt the prices were fair and I enjoyed the decor.
Decent sushi\n\nHorrid service they forgot half the rolls took them 40 mins to make 4 rolls and was not busy taking excessively long times to bring out nonsushi items\n\nHad to ask for refills on drinks. Will not come back
A bit dissappointing.  I have no idea how anybody would rate this place higher than a 3/5.  For those with a 5/5, what are you thinking?  All I can imagine is the place is paying you to post on yelp.
The Country Chef Salad is my favorite!!\n\nStaff was friendly and fast, and we were sent on our way with to-go drinks - great for our road-tripping!
Love...love...love this place its like  vegas, its beautiful inside food are fantastic.  There running specials most of the night so you have to get those.
Cutting them a lot of slack for being a new business and being new to Las Vegas.  They have a friendly and considerate staff that has gone out of it's way to be accommodating to my group of friends.\n\nGood food, reasonably priced beer, I will continue to come back and patronize them.
I expected so much more out of this luxury hotel and resort.  The internet in your rooms is god awful, like really bad!  The electronic gadgetry is cool however it is definitely not reliable!\n\nPlace is clean and acceptable however there are several other resorts that exceed Aria.
Nice club, plenty of room.  Didn't have to pay any cover which was also a plus.  I would return, and if you find pictures of me and my girlfriend from the photo booth let me know.  I was hammered and dropped them.
Looking for good boba? Not here for flavor.  The boba pearls have the right chewiness, not too chewy that they stick to your teeth and not over-cooked, but the Thai tea flavor is less than desirable, too sweet and artificial, kind of like a vanilla nutritional shake
my sushi spot since my friend took me here! Order a bunch of appetizers and half a roll or two! BOMB!! Worth the wait!! LoL there's always a line!
Like Andrew Zimmern, hole in the wall restaurants have some of the best quality food! This place is it, we always come here for made to order all you can eat sushi. Never is it a disappointment, always fresh and service is always fast!!!
Nice! We had so much fun!!
Ok this place is just plain nasty.  If I was able to do zero stars I would give it that.  Do not come here... I really would rather go to Panda Express!
Great beers, great atmosphere, great service.  Just a great place, did I mention this place was pretty great?
2 times I been since I moved to Las Vegas. Wow amazing time. All you visitors from the world I recommend this club  wow
Wonderful food !! Great place for dinner or drinks ! I will be back !!!
YUM! I love their vegetable broth and garnishes and everything! Great service(FAST) and great food! What more is there to say?
Best chinese I've found so far. Hot and sour soup and their won ton soup are fantastic. Sometimes I'll go and just get the soup.
This is the 2nd time I've been here and they ran out of BBQ sticks and Lechon Kawali by 5:30pm.  It's a popular item so they should\ncontinuously have it available from opening till close.  What a disappointment = \\
I Love this place!!  I come here all the time because of the service and the awesome food... Tiger, the tepenyaki chef, is awesome!!!
The service wasn't great. I ordered iced green tea, and I was served hot tea with a glass of ice that melted and watered it down quickly. The catsu, not great. However the softshell crab was good. Wont be going back..
been to this wendys a few times not the best customer service but its ok if ur really hungry i have not returned to this location since the redesign to the walmart in that complex (the reason is because they have a subway in walmart now)
Where is 2470 W Happy Valley Rd.  It's not near the large 2480 number on the building in the middle of the block on the north side of the street.
I never fail to feel relaxed and comforted by tea here. A quiet oasis where the focus is truly on the tea, not food or coffe and tea or anything but the tea. I never have felt comfortable ringing the bell to get service, as it breaks the quiet, but that's a completely personal pickle.
Its Little Caesars, its 5 bucks. For the money its ok. I wouldn't eat here all the time but good for a snack for a bunch of hungry kids who all want different drive thrus but can all agree on pizza....
Food and service not commensurate with the price.  Not what we remembered from 10 years ago.  Not recommended and never coming back.\n\nThe food was generally bland, not very warm.  The service was extremely slow.  Perhaps they are understaffed?
New menu! Check it out!
Friendly service and tasty pie. I try to grab a bite here everytime I fly through Sky Harbor.
lobby & casino - nice. rooms - FCKING DISCUSTING! Motel 6 would've been a better choice! Hell, they (motel 6) even have better everything!
I really like this fry's market! Their produce was always very fresh and plentiful. All of the aisles are well stocked with a great variety of products. The staff are always helpful and self check out makes it easy for a quick in and out trip. Parking is plentiful and convenient.
This place has watery frozen yogurt. Not a fan. I had the cake batter and I really shouldve went to cold stone.
Pizza is pretty bad. They don't carry stromboli on menu regularly said it be about 40 minutes to make and they ran out a few hours ago.  Beer is 8 bucks from bottle on its on.  Should really step it up.
The food as terrible. I have eaten veal Parma all over the world. That was the worst!  The spaghetti tasted like it was cooked in dirty water. Even the iced tea was awful.
This place will probably not make it for another year.\n\ntortillas and meats are of low-quality. we do not need another mediocore taco joint in this town. we've got filiberto's for that\n\ntwo words: overpriced meh...
Paris hotel Las Vegas is not a 4 star hotel it is 3 star  hotel all the way...  If the customer service was better it might be a 3.5. But the customer service is just as awlful as the hotel. Please pay the extra money to stay somewhere nice like Venetian or Bellagio.
I've been to SW twice.  Great service, great food
Had the Fried Chicken it was cooked to perfection hot, crisp and juicy! The crew was friendly and accommodating all food cooked and prepared to order. Service was fast and friendly . If they are on your area give them a try you won't be disappointed !
Great food.  Great asset to highland park. Delicious.   Need to go again soon.
Love the big kahuna slice!
There were six cops here when we came in. I'm not exaggerating. It was a complete cliche.\n\nCoffee was good, donuts were fresh even though it was the afternoon.
By far the most family friendly environment I have seen in a dance studio.  The hard working lady at the front desk is absolutely amazing. If you are looking to take your kids to a great studio this is the place!!!!
Still one of the best places on earth to buy toys and video games.  Their selection is great and usually they have great sales right before major holidays.
Tr\u00e8s sympa! Pour le vin, faites confiance \u00e0 Fran\u00e7ois!
Ordered another great deal from this location while studying for summer school exams last week.  Again another treat!  The staff is always very friendly here, my order is always right, and the pizza is always a good value.  Thank you for the continuing excellent customer service.
Good place to get a haircut looks very clean and classy. So far from my 2 experiences the cuts were great. Very friendly people. However, make sure to tell then exactly what you want or they will do what they think you want, which isn't always a good thing.\n\nI would recommend it to anyone
Horrible service. Our waiter forgot one of our dishes and was rude. The food was mediocre. Do not come here!! Worse experience ever.
Great burger at a great deal especially with Restaurant.com gift certificate.  Buy $20 worth of food for $10 buck.  Wife and kids had dinner here about 5 times and everytime we have left over.  1/2 pound of meat is alot to handle.  the place does need remodeling, has that old feel to it.
I know that they're supposed to be like the korean/mexican style street food that you can find in LA on some of the street trucks, but I'm just not feeling it.  Food was meh, and I wasn't tickled pink at the price.
I went in for a gift and the staff was just not that friendly and forget about asking for gift wrap.... it seriously took 18 minutes to wrap one box. I don't think I will be returning to this location, plus once the Summerlin mall opens Sur La Table will be getting my $$.
The place is nice and classic depending on the night of crowd to determine noise level. It's inside Bellagio so no fountain view but beautifully light courtyard pool view by the window. The food is great based on comfort American style dishes with generous portion. Our server is friendly although needs further training to help the restaurant to obtain another Michelin star.
Their wings are not bad on the heat , but sometime light on flavor.  The prices are pretty decent and the serving stuff was very nice.  My favorite part about the place is all of the fun stuff cluttering the walls.
First time here , but the first impression is always the lasting one.  I ordered the Kalbi burger and some salt & pepper fries.  The burger was perfect.  The fries were amazing. I'm definitely coming back.
Yash you rock! Really a nice guy... btw...he's not my friend :) ... They could do a better job of keeping the tables clean, and it would  be nice to see more sugar free flavors..
Cheap happy hour, good location, ok food, ok drinks, awful service. 7 of 8 visits the service was terrible. Go check out the crowd, grab a drink then go anywhere else for a nice evening.
I've been to this restaurant 3 times and it has gotten worse each time . The food is never fresh I won't be back . I'll drive 6 miles  farther to Carlos Obriens.
Hands down the best empanadas in Las Vegas. The malabon was excellent. The pastries were very delicious. Service was fast and friendly. I will definitely be back for more.
Our waiter talked too much: he Blah-Blah-Blahed about the trip he took with his mom in France.  Lamb I ordered was not gamey/flavorful enough.  Not worth $$$$.  I will not go back.
A Montreal mainstay. If you are looking for chicken schwarma forget the chain restos and head to Boustans.
Great place to leave your kiddos. Safe and secure. My 3 and 5 year old had a blast for a few hours while we gambled. Very affordable!
we  happy to have it great store love their collection, if we  can have a card for discounts above certain amount will be great. great job
Whether you're a professional chef or just  a novice who likes to cook for fun, you will love this store! Owner Jennifer should be very proud!
I ordered chocolate and it tastes like bananas.\n\nHorrible customer service. \n\nMy husband made a special trip from Summerlin to there what a disappointment.
Went here over this past weekend, and found the price for drinks were less than other places nearby.  Also, there is a place to sit outside on the strip and people watch.  Never a dull moment in Vegas.
Trendy spot?  Maybe, if it was 1982.  This place is in need of a serious update, but it looks like most of the customers need one too.  How does it survive in this competitive town?  \n\nI expect it to be shut down when I come back to town.  Good spot for something new.
Stopped by this evening to enjoy some great Italian food.  However, they seemed to be in the middle of a team meeting at 6:20 on a Saturday night. There was no notice or sign about the closure so I'm not quite sure what is going on.  If you have plans on visiting tonight, you may want to call ahead!
I love hooters!  This however was the worst food I have ever had at any location.  The chicken was so dry and cheese sauce was hard and tasted disgusting.
Outstanding customer service\nBrad is wonderful to deal with concerning our 2 cars\nHighly recommend
Not the experience we were looking for.  I have had this on my list of places to check out in Vegas for a couple of years.  Certainly didn't expect Sports to be blaring on multiple TVs in every room.  It was so noisy in there, we left after our appetizer.
Food is good and the price is good.  Staff is friendly as well.  It is a great place in this neck of the woods.  I am looking forward to going again and again.
Not a fan of the phone you have to pick up to order your food. Had to go wash my hands before the food came out. Dog was OK. Milkshake was average.
ZERO STARS. Good food, enormous portions however the service is POOR. Too many amazing places to eat in Vegas to have to deal with the crappy service and inappropriate people working here.
Fantastic! Clean facility and always busy (a good sign- but make a reservation!) The polishes aren't old and crusty and they always have new colors.
A beautiful hotel.  It lobby is serene and provides immediate relief when you first walk in to check in after a long drive or flight to Vegas.  It has a free tram connecting to Treasure Island.
Our new hangout nice friendly service, awesome food and cheap beers brewed in house and descent loose slots. Amber brew  is a must try :)
A place for trouble every time I'm in Vegas.
Went here today to have my tailpipe extended for emission testing. George was very courteous and the price he quoted me over the phone stuck when I visited his shop. It took all of 20 minutes! AND HE IS OPEN SATURDAYS! Will be going back for further modifications in the future.
Great menu selection would have given it a 5 star rating if it wasn't for the AC Unit, pretty warm eating lunch.  But overall I was extremely satisfied with my selection.  The El Salvador house special plate.  Coming from a cook. The food was made perfect.  Give it a try if you're looking for some Central American food.
It wasn't terrible food but pretty expensive for what it was. For the same price we could have gone to Culvers and had a 1000x better burger. There was no one there when we went and like one person when we left. Don't see this place lasting very long...
The food here is amazing and consistent. Love the noodles, chicken and seafood. We stop here every time we are in town.
Came here to try some real Neapolitan pizza and I wasn't disappointed! The pizza is made right in front of you and the staff even helps recommend items.  Very friendly staff and knowledgeable. Will be back for more!
I hit up T's for drinks the other night. Was a decent place that had a pretty decent crowd in there. It was good service at the bar and I was able to get drinks with a decent pour quickly. So overall, decent setup.
Wanted to try a local coffee place and our cousin recommended Bergies. They make a delicious caramel latte! Too bad I didn't see any ice blends on the menu, or else I'd return for that ^.^
FOOD IS GREAT.  The service is average.  The prices are cheap so you tend to get idiots in there who have no manners.  I recommend, taking the food to go or sitting in the back.
Fantastic chiropractor.  Staff was just as good as he is. Tracy was extremely nice at setting the appointments and Dr Wright was very personable. The entire experience was great and I look forward to having a chiro again.
The food was not good. The booths and tables were not clean. (We went at 6am.) The staff was not friendly and they were sitting down eating breakfast and drinking their iced coffee like it was a social club not work.
The sushi was just marginal.  I've had much better sushi in Iowa.  It doesn't compare to San Francisco Sushi.  The prices were outrageous. The atmosphere wasn't great.  Very disappointing.
Average Chinese-American restaurant. As far as service goes, I live next door and gotta say this store cannot compare to the one in Vegas. The staffs here are not as friendly and enthused.
This must be what gelato tastes like in Heaven. It was so good. White chocolate Nutella flavored, are you serious???
Best burgers in C-U, hands down. \n\nHard to find the place, but worth finding.
I love this place! The Lechon is to die for. Too bad they dont have an LA branch.\n\nI will definitely come back whenever im in Lost Vagus! Their lumpia is to die for.
I like this place! haven't been disappointed yet! Apparently they have good breakfast which I plan to try out some time!
The ambiance is really nice- I really love the waterfall!\n\n The service was also decent. \n\nThe part I wasn't particularly impressed with was the food. For the price it really wasn't worth it.
My favorite Mexican food.  THE BEST BEAN BURRO ENCHILADA STYLE IN THE WORLD (yes I've tried them all)  Get the red enchilada sauce, and a tortilla on the side.
Had great coloring experiences and not so great haircuts. Tried to stick with them, but it was just one mediocre cut after another.\n\nGreat location, and ahem, atmosphere.
Great service and an awesome business. Used bikes without the head ache. 30 day warranty plus a trade in program. I bought two bikes from bicycle exchange and couldn't be happier.\n\nwho trys to buy a bike for $50 bucks and expects quality and a warranty?
Get over the girls in kilts already. Didn't Hooters already bark this tree out? Whatever, food is good, but not worth that price! The atmosphere is sophomoric and annoying. If you are some kind of douchebag go here so I don't have to be annoyed with you somewhere that I am.
This is our favorite Portuguese restaurant.  Food is delicious, though service can sometimes be slow!  Make a reservation on a weekend night.  \n\nMy favorite dish is the Porco Alentejana (pork with clams and little fried potatoes in a sizzling sauce).
I'm so over this place.  Without fail, it is an unpleasant experience.  The upselling is obnoxious and they a half-assed job.
Poor airport layout. Never enough phone charging stations for the amount of people flying through here. Not super clean. Busy always. Wear your walking shoes. Also be prepared for disgruntled workers at the restaurants. 3 stars for location close to the Strip.
Great massage therapist. He really knows what he's doing. He is flexible with my schedule and really has helped my shoulder. Highly recommended.  I like the location.
I love chipotle, so good. Sometimes the line is long, around lunch and dinner time. If you've had this place before you would understand why. It's a little expensive but it really good. I just wish they would dive you a little more meat.
We visited the Mirazozo exhibit here, which was excellent. It was very colorful and great for photos, although you will need to be patient with all of the crowding. There were also many other activities around the center, such as LEGO building stations for kids and human statues that were interacting with visitors.
We have ordered twice now for delivery and have been fully satisfied both times. They forgot our crab rangoons and the driver went all the way back and brought us double order. Yum! It isn't the greatest top notch cuisine ever but for the price and service its delicious!
Like every other brew house chain. Been to Gorden Bierch, Hops or the Yard House? Then you've been here. Constant food quality, $1 off happy hour drinks 3-7pm Monday to Friday and late night happy hour 10:30 pm to close. Nicely executed chain food.
Awesome pizza, consistently horrible waitresses. If you decide to try it out, order it to go! We have eaten in a few times at different locations and the wait staff is always awful. We only get delivery or take out these days.
My brother got very ill eating here; the food poisoning ruined his last nite in Vegas. My meal (bone-in ribeye) was good but not great. Definitely not worth the price.
We love this always get great service and food is also as good.
First time, happy with results and same day service. Fahad was very courteous. Thank you very much
Great place, excellent breakfasts, everything done with a creative flair.  Cornmeal pancakes, lemon ricotta pancakes, tiramisu pancakes.... too much to choose from, that's my only possible complaint :-)
Great place on Sunday afternoon and sitting outside. I'll be a regular.
What an disaster of a restaurant. This place is like a fancy version of Del Taco, all show on the exterior and even a flashy interior but then the food arrives. If you like generic faux-Mexican food which is prepared with no care or attention then go for it. Went once, hated it, will never be back.
I like the ambiance here.  I went with a big group late-ish and we sat in the back.  The servers were super nice.  But there wasn't much of a selection for a pescatarian.  I ended up having the gorgonzola salad without the bacon and that was very good (although pricey).
Chimichangas are very good and filling....couldn't finish it. The salsa was decent and slightly spicy.  Had a peach Margarita...very yummy and strong.
I just left and they did a decent job. But it took over 40 minutes to do a basic wash!!! And they weren't even finished, I forced them to let me leave because I had to get to an appointment. Don't go here unless you plan on staying there all day...
Today I tried the bean, rice and cheese burrito . It is good , not dry and its a good size considering its like 1.69 in price. Taco al carbon was delicious and the green and tomatoes sauce were fresh.
I thought El Torito would be too fancy for me, seeing as how it is on Scottsdale road amidst all of the resorts, but it was surprisingly good and inexpensive.  If you order guacamole they make it fresh at your table and it is delicious.  They have a wide variety of food and great house margaritas.
Delicious, inexpensive chinese food.  I'm definitely trying the crabs and lobsters when I return.  Their mongolian beef was really good with just the right amount of spiciness.  The porkchop with spicy salt was very addictive and the ong choy was cooked to perfection.
No more vibrations in my Jeep at slow speeds or on the Freeway. Increased top speed and accelerates so smooth now!\nAny lifted vehicle most likely needs to stop here! Reasonable prices for custom jobs.
Went for Happy Hour.  Waited just about an hour for a california roll and a spicy tuna roll to get to our table.  Fish was warm by the time it arrived.  Overall it was gross, which was a shame because we have had good experiences at both the Scottsdale Quarter, and Old Town locations.
Rude welcoming by owner. Store was completely empty and owner yells from back of salon \"what do u need\". Walked out before giving a dime to a business that doesn't understand service
Great Food they can even make dishes New York style.  Prices are great and big portions plus they have discount coupons for take out or eat in,  Ask for Tony as your waiter he will get your dish the way you want it abd without a long wait.
The wheels completely fell of this place!  After enduring a number of weeks here for work I finally gave up living in the slum and moved to a much better location right around the corner.  \n\nOne to many mornings with a cold shower, cigarette burnt bedding, mystery stained towels, and horrible smells in the hallways.
On our way home to Cali, stopped off to eat and found this place. This place wasn't bad. But it's not great either. I did enjoy my fried chicken. Daughter did not like her salad and cheeseburger. Yes the bread was good.
Great food selection, excellent buffet
i went here once many many moons ago and then again recently.. this club is too damn small.. there also way too many kids here..
Not my favorite valley star bucks but okay. The drinks are good, the baristas are friendly and do a nice job.  The layout is odd.   The patio usually smells like dog do and it has very limited seating. Also, the misters drench you. There is a better location in Hilton village or in Old Town.
I have be going to DeBlasio's for at least 15 years.  Quality of food and service is consistent.  No surprises.  Prices are reasonable and daily specials are a value.  Can't give the restaurant a four or five as I believe the interior needs a serious makeover.  Too dark and rather dated.
Such a cool place! Stopped in for lunch and had a wonderful experience. Even got a free appetizer for checking in! Split an order of delicious calamari followed by a lobster roll. The roll was messy but worth it. Would definitely return and recommend to friends.
I've been at meetings at The Center.  Great meeting place.  With The Bronze Cafe there, we can eat great food while in the meetings.  Friendly staff, tasty food and good prices.  If I worked closer, I would use this as a lunch place for myself and a place to meet clients at.
Excellent Mexican food with an inspired twist. It's been awhile since I visited, but I do remember enjoying myself and that the service was above par. Classy date-worthy atmosphere too.
This is my favorite burger place...ever! I have tried multiple burger bars and counters and nothing outshines rehab. The food is great and the atmosphere is really cool. The pricing is very fair as well. I always get the Mac gnarly burger, and I just love this place.
Seriously. Just go here. Makes lame things in life (like getting smog checks to register your car) so easy. Done in less than 5 minutes. Also the guys working are always super friendly and its cheap. Win.
To start with.  The spring Rolls are pre made.  That's why I'm giving them 3 stars.  They should be made to order.  The menu is very good and all the dishes are fresh, hot and taste good.  Presentation is good, service was above average.  The Happy Hour oysters are a great deal.
I've eaten canes before in Midwest. I loved it there and I loved it here. Everyone should stop by at least once to try the freshly made chicken as you order it.
Can't go wrong with an \"A\" rating of 98.5% -- clean, neat, and welcoming!
For the second time this place made unauthorized charges on my credit card after i checked out.  this also happened last year when they accused me of taking a bottle of water from the mini bar and i was billed $40.  Other Las Vegas hotels don't do this!
Its been awhile since I have been, but the food is really good. Make sure you save room for dessert as its all about the  Pizza Cookie. YUMMO!
Underwhelming gyro. There are french fries with it? First question: why? Second question: why are they not any good? I will say one good thing, it was cheap, and I didn't leave hungry.
Pho was pretty salty.. I felt like pouring in my ice water to even it out.. Maybe its done that way to please the non -asian crowd. The waiter was pretty funny tho, mexican fella totally spoke vietnamese to me (extra star for that!).
The food is great, but turn down the music so you don't jack up my order. I was only asked to repeat it four times and it still got screwed up. Not like wrong toppings kinda error, but totally different sandwich. I like the new location, but the service seems to have gotten worse.
Way over-rated.  My boyfriend and I got two sandwiches, one regular and one whiz.  The meat is too salty and doesn't taste like anything special.  I did enjoy the whiz which is the only sandwich I recommend.
Descent food bad service.  Ordered green curry with beef. They brought yellow curry with chicken. Then for the bill we had 3 different checks he put 2 on mine. Not recommended.
Other than this place being a little pricy for what you got, I thought it was a great stop.  My burger was HUGE and tasted very good.  Beers weren't the cheapest but it's also inside Ceaser's Palace in Vegas.  They do takeout so great for late night munchies.
Loved this place! Got the pulled pork , sweet tea and coconut cream pie.  Couldn't have asked for a better lunch!  I will definitely stop here again, next time I'm in town.
Yupha's has become an addiction in our house! I love love love the red coconut curry with fried tofu and veggies. The staff is friendly and fast, and take-out is very easy. The restaurant itself is always clean and the decor is tasteful. If you love thai food this is the spot for you.
Really good. Great service, too. I got the margherita pizza and my husband got spaghetti and meatballs. So seriously delicious. Nice and simple too. Out waiter was very nice and attentive as well. Definitely recommend.
I walked in to inquire about appointments as I recently moved here. Instead of being greeted, I was barked at that they were closing. There was still a shop full of customers. I suppose they have enough clientele.
I had a piece of peach supreme pie last night, it was good. My friend had all you can eat fish and chips, she enjoyed it too. Next time I like to visit on Wed to just enjoy the free pie. =D
Bad service. \nGreasy, flavorless dishes. \nNot worth your dime even if the lunch special is under $10. \n\nOrdered chow fun beef noodles and the chicken cashew dish. I doubt if I had ordered something else it would have been better. Never coming back.
Yes 5 stars isn't enough to describe the beauty and creativity involved in this production
Just ate at this restaurant and all 4 of us disliked our meals. Could not even finish my salad. Save your money and do not eat here. I'd give it less than 1 star if I could.
Tastiest selection of Tagalog cuisine in Lost Wages.
Meh, I should of just stayed at AJs.. I wanted to save a couple bucks so I swung by here since it's close by, the quality was not so great. Some of the fruits don't look fresh at all. I mean overall this location is okay, but very far from being close to perfect.
Planned on lunch there after reading the great reviews.  We started with the black bean dip.  When I noticed it was microwaved, we quickly paid our tab and went elsewhere to eat.  This is a neat little place with a cool Jamaican atmosphere, but the really have to lose the microwave.  I can make microwave dinners at home.
Great barber shop. Really relaxed atmosphere. Very reasonably priced and Adam definitely knows what he's doing. Great rapport with customers. Always satisfied with my haircut.
This casino is kind of jungle themed ... with all the plants and fish every where. Loved the Beetles show here and the volcano show! I really want to see the tigers next time!
The entire hotel smells like SMOKE!  Do not stay here if you have asthma or children.  Your kids will end up getting sick.  I used to like staying here but now that I have kids, I would rather stay at a smoke free hotel.
Dump. Outdated and run down. However the staff is friendly. The restaurant is so so. And the free wifi is so slow it won't work. You can easily do better else where. Two stars for the staff only.
Finally found a transportation company that is reliable and reasonable. Personalized service.  I have used this company about 5 times so far and have not been disappointed. Have these guys in my address book, won't use anyone else.
As of July 1st or before it's officially closed. I read online that Al's and Presidio are turning into new places but I believe it's the same shitty management.
Came back for dinner. I'm big on Chow Fun (it's a broad noodle) and I like theirs. Other dishes are solid. Good mix of borderline authentic / Americanized food.
Great breakfast!  The banana pancakes were delicious and the coffee cups are cappuchino sized.  I would definitely return.
I think they're open 24hr on the weekends, which is only the real selling point for this place. Loads of different types of poutine, but it's a bit disgusting.
Simple, well prepared food. Good atmosphere, good service. Heavier and more traditional than the meal we had at Bouillon Bilk the night before.
Best aloo gobi in town!
Meatball sandwich was okay.\nKale potato salad disgusting.  Tastes rotten.  \nWeird vibe...I was only person in restaurant at 12.30 pm.  \nWill not return.
Hands down the best pizza in town with the freshest authentic ingredients....family run and the TV's at each table during sporting events doesn't hurt !
The decor and service are wonderful. The food is okay.  If it wasn't so expensive, it would be a nice place to go eat. \nokay food + expensive= not worth it for me.
The shakes are extremely tasty and have a wide variety to choose from, chili fries are pretty decent and the burgers sent half bad they are a tad bit small but they are juicy and packed with flavor.
Cheap blackjack tables!!! Finally found a $3 table!! Great for beginners and jews! ( I'm jewish, I'm allowed to joke =))
I can't believe how rude I was treated. I waited in line a long time. Then I had a couple of question regarding some dvds I wanted.  I was rushed out the door without  what  I wanted. This place has really gone down hill. I guess I'll  just go to ebay for now on.
Went for the first time today. Kitchen was just wrapping up a re-model, but they extended happy hour to accommodate and the food was pretty darn good.\n\nThe happy hour specials were a great deal and the staff was really nice. Also love that the patio is in the shade all afternoon/evening. Great summer spot.
Nothing too fancy about the food here. Decor was nice but could still hear the slots coming from the monte carlo casino. Service was horrible but food was ok. Like I said, nothing to write home about but the deluxe fried rice was a large portion that kept me full.
Food was good but not hot. Service was lacking and slow. With many empty tables it was a surprise that getting another drink or being offered dessert was difficult.
5 star service and a wonderful beet, wine, and spirits selection sets this market apart from the competition.
food was ok. not many, if any irish fares on the menu. bangers and mash - nope. that was the only disappointing thing. friendly service and reasonable pricing.
This place is great! I got lost trying to find it but so glad I didn't give up. Their Pad Thai is a bit more expensive than what I'm used to, but totally worth it. The staff is so friendly and best of all...they deliver!
Did a family style dinner for a wedding rehearsal. Not well designed but had a good time. Wait staff seemed a bit over whelmed. Will need to try a regular dinner to judge better.
A good option if you're looking to go healthier than the usual mall food.  Basically, a super salad bar with a nice selection of soups.  My favorite is the chilli.\n\nStay away from the pasta bar though.  The mac & cheese wasn't as good as the stuff in the blue box.
My main complaint before was lack of seating, but with the recent expansion even that small issue has been fixed. I love this place!
Totally agree with Steve L comments in his prior review,especially the rewards card usage to get specials. A real pain! I would also add that check out personnel were not the friendliest.
Pink Taco is just mediocre. Plain and simple. I was at  the one in Vegas first and it was a pretty good time and the food was acceptable.  Contrary to what everyone else is saying I thought the service was fine.\n\nDon't waste your time at Pink Taco.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! I always come here on rainy days and hangover nights. They are open late and the service is really quick! The deep friend spring rolls are bomb!
Great customer service and incredible food!
This restaurant is a very healthy option for somebody watching their carbohydrate intake. I had the chicken avocado sandwich which was very tasty. It had fresh avocado, and was very light and healthy. A plus on a SUPER hot day shopping at the mall in Vegas.
Fresh ingredients, a little of everything on the menu. You go up to the front, order food, find a table and then wait for your order to come. The food is good and it's not a bad place to come to for a quicker-than-a-sit-down-restaurant-bite.
Been about 3 years since I came for lunch.  Tried it again for a business lunch on Friday.  The place was very busy.  Had the salmon lunch entree with angel hair pasta.  The salmon was good, but the pasta was drenched in too much butter sauce.  The meal was decent for the price, but nothing wowed me.
So much Wrangler in here. This is redneck heaven! I will definitely be back!
Horrible service. They couldnt seat us for 20 minutes even though there are open seats. Waited another 15 for a server. Ill go to tempe next time or just not here
Dirty tables and bland pizza.  A few tables with paper towel rolls and those were dirty too.  So many more options than Pizza Hut.  Pizza Hut is a restaurant destroyed by franchise and quality sold out to shareholders.
It pains me to say that Next Coffee Company has closed. Good cofffee, good people, and a wonderfully diverse atmosphere (including live music and comedy in the evenings) was no match for this crappy economy. Sad days.
Used to like this place now it's sucking more and more each time I go this was my last visit when I ordered country crepes and I got hash and eggs even the coke was flat
They have palabok! But they don't sale ube cake anymore since two months ago :(
I am not a picky eater but everything here is so bland and boring. The spinach dip was watery and tasted weird. My pasta needed tons of salt and pepper because it tasted like a Michelina's frozen dinner.  The prices are pretty cheap but you can go elsewhere for food that tastes much better for the same price.
Classic, independent, college coffeehouse in a cool neighborhood.
The salon is very clean and the staff is always a pleasure. I love their pedicures. They use new linings in each foot bath and the basic pedicure comes with a hot stone leg massage.
So disappoint... We ordered a live lobster but It turned out to be a dead one. Ruining my taste.
I had dinner here last night and the food and service was outstanding.  I had the Delmonico steak with lobster mashed potatoes. Wonderful! It was my birthday, so we got a complimentary butter cake and ice cream.  Outstanding! I wish I had the recipe.  I would love to go back.
Great food. I love the lunch buffet. I took my wife for her first Indian food experience and she loved it. She talks about it all the time and wants to come back every week. I highly recommend.
the worst don't do it!!!! terrible service! terrible door man! 1961 decor-no ac don't waste you money here!! no food!!!
food is ok.  a little to much salt and butter in most of my dishes.  the pulipo was the best part of the meal.  staff is young and inattentive.
Ask for Michal, she was patient & very helpful. We would definitely go back.\n\nGonzalez - Gonzales
In bad need of a haircut and couldn't do a walk in with my usual stylist gave this place a try at the suggestion of a friend who had recommended this place.  Good hair cut, nice service, and like the walk in availability.  Would recommend but wish they were open on Saturday as I need another haircut.
Home of not only the biggest sandwiches but the tastiest as well. A stop for me every time I'm in Vegas. No human\n  can finish the Woody Allen in one sitting.
Shade, what shade? There is no Stinking SHADE!\n\nWater, what no water...oh give up a taco ticket for water or choke on tacos.
greal  food and great service !!!! clean nice environment . defiantly coming back !!\"\"
Come here for Ali all the time needed a style for a little photo shoot today she does an awesome job every time!!!
Always a favorite spot for great apps and sushi. Sake selection is amazing. Best Gyoza's in town! Still have yet to find time for Paint Nite.
We've been back a third time and had much better service. It is one of our favorite places for thin pizza. Nothing else really compares in Madison that I have found. It is our go to place when we are craving good thin crust pizza. Highly recommend it!
the fact that they reopened after an abrupt closure had me excited to go back. i was ready to enjoy one of my favorite cupcake places once again. unfortunately, the combination of dry, possibly day-old cupcakes and an overtly rude staff/management team will ensure that i will never return again. ever.
Normally love Baja, but this one has been very disappointing. Shrimp tacos, taste like rubber. All but one salsa was worth eating. Beans are a no go, and rice was average. My suggestion, don't let this be your first experience a Baja Fresh, go to another location, they do have good food!
This bar used to be better in the early 2000's before it was given a makeover. Great place for stiff drinks that are super affordable. Music is usually pretty good and they sometimes have DJ's come in that play good dance stuff.
First time at the Cina-Capri!  We really enjoyed ourselves!
The food is great but they need more wait help.  Our poor waitress ran herself ragged.  Had brisket, chicken and ribs with mac n cheese, cole slaw, potato salad and green beans.  Everything was delicious.  Even the water was filtered which is rare nowadays!
Great food! Excellent value, ambience! Belly dancers are fantastic! More than a dinner, this is a memorable event for anyone who enjoys a relaxing experience!
I went here for lunch yesterday.  Nice building but the area can be a little tight getting a parking place.  The atmosphere at most Starbucks is good.  It was totally weird at least one of the employees (especially the guy who fixed my sandwich was a rude.  Next time I will not bother to stop here.  IJS.
I really liked my food, the service was quick and the place was nice. Definitely a place to go again.
I have been a patient of Dr. Griego for 7 years.  I am 32 and have had several cases of basal cell carcinoma.  Dr. Griego is simply the best at what he does.
Kids pedicure by Lin. She was so sweet to Isabella. Ada was a sweet lady as well and did an amazing job with my gel nails. Under new management. So they have happy hour special. Plus a rewards card for returning customers. They where not pushy or trying to rush us out the door.
I'm giving a five star because this is one of the few places in my area that serves almond milk for those that are dairy free. There's plenty of outdoor seating for people\nwatching. Music playing outdoors. Each visit to The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf has been very enjoyable.
I ordered salt fried chicken, one bulk of the chicken had a bad smelling inside. I spit the food out. I am wondering if the quality of the food is good.
this place is poppin' !!!! just put it on your hit list !
You can't beat the price at Kohler, roughly $60 for cut and color is unheard of! However, so are the five whole hours used to do so. Great products, students and outcome. With the exception of the lengthy process time.
One of the best patios in Downtown Phoenix. Love the atmosphere!\n\nThe salads and pizza are all amazing! It's my go to spot for lunch or a nice dinner. Romantic yet casual, this is one of my favorite spots!
Didnt explain menu and what a 'pastry' meant to them vs expectations, plastic silverware and styrofoam plates. Just ok
I had a really nice time. The food was a little better than I expected which is a plus! We sat at the bar and the bartender was working hard, serving a lot of people while maintaining drinks and positive personality too. I would like to go back for more.
Really good Mex food. Clean spot and great service. Not as good as Mom's but does the trick :)
When I want a fast food burger, the Jack Sirloin burger is my go-to. Chez Jack hits the spot en route to or from a night of revelry. This Jack was fast and friendly, can't ask for more.
I've been to this particular restaurant a few times and i always seat by the patio, the view is really really beautiful specially at night. I always order the BLT shrimp salad! OMG its soooo yummy!
They have the best Paprdelle I've ever had.\nGreat service too.
The original stromboli was really good and the ladies working there were friendly.  It's worth a stop if you're in the area.
Good service. Great filet wrapped with bacon. Good wine selection. Attentive service. Menu selection includes tasty chicken and seafood dishes. Great all around steakhouse with unimaginative name :)
Nakama tries to be very trendy, but I have experienced much better sushi for a better price.  Still, the sushi is better than many people claim.  I had very good service here.  And there is some great people watching.  But we have much better choices for Japanese food in Pittsburgh.
I was forced to eat here one time.\n\nOvercooked. Under-seasoned. Flaccid.\n\nNice staff though.
For the amount of money I spend in this location I demand respect. These workers are rude, down right jack asses ( that's a donkey) I can not believe the way they treat people.
As a 'person' goes , Garick Ho is probably the worst type of individual you could possibly meet. Very dishonest and misrepresents himself as a professional. Purchases used items off websites to use at Practice....sterilized...yeah right! Consider yourself warned.
Just visited to buy new running shoes\nStood in the shoe department for 15 minutes without a single\nemployee acknowledging my presence. Ther were several employees not helping \nAnyone!  Rude!! Go to Omega, better service and prices!!
At Monte Carlo. Wait was kind of long. I had the Chicken Tostada Salad which was big and came in a huge chip bowl. I liked the wonton  tortilla chips. It was okay though. Kind of pricey here.
Nothing exceptional! Cost more than others for same service. They often close Before closing hours leaving you with a dirty car plus the frustration. This last time the machine was Completely out of detergents; my car was washed with nothing but water.\nOnly come here because it's in a very convenient location.
I was pleasantly surprised. Carlos, was great, helping us choose our tapas. We will be back!!
Great local BBQ spot!
This place inside the Wynn is actually pretty good. The ambiance is nice and the food was tasty. It was just expensive for chinese food, but at least it wasn't too americanized.
Donna was our server today, she always makes our visit to egg works even more enjoyable. She is quick, efficient and friendly. Donna goes above and beyond to make sure her guests are happy. Not to mention the food here is always delicious and fresh! Thank you Donna!
As mentioned earlier it was quite empty.  I asked it the place was opened.  The food was about the same as most bars.  What I really wanted to do was ride the bull.
this place is the shit! the desserts are excellent and beautiful! I'm gonna come here every time I'm in vegas. I think me and my friends tried every single one. They were all exceptional and outstanding cept for the creme brulee. It was iight. Stop by if you're in the area!
2 stars for good friendly service. Lavender scone? Sounded interesting but bottom was completely burned and overall just wasn't that good. Soup was watery and no chunks of veggies or any substance to it.  Could've been microwaved straight from a can for all I know. Left hungry.
Amazing massage!  Felt revitalized!\n1.5 hours for 68 bucks which included the extra 10 for more back/shoulder massage.  The private 2 chair rooms were very clean and the music soothing.\nWe will  be back!
This place sucks! Not only do you have to pay more for routine DMV services if you are not an AAA member, you will wait for literally HOURS to be seen. Complete waste of life. I hate this place with a passion!!!!
Well, LOVE Gordon and the restaurant is so good, but to just go to have a drink...bring you F*UCKING earplugs cause , sans dance floor why is the music so loud???? Really Gordon, fix it now!
We have been living around the corner from this place for months and just found it!!  We have been missing out!  Almost walking distance from our place, great food, great beer, very good service!!  Can't ask for more, they have a new customer for life on us!
Pet kingdom USA is a cruel store of black market animals. The animals this store carries are deprived of the enriched environment they need. I highly discourage supporting this store.
Great atmosphere. Bar staff was incredible. Food was amazing. Highly recommend this sushi spot. They have a little bit of everything on the menu as well. And the surrounding area was incredible. Food was affordable for sure and tasted great.
42 dollars for nail trim and anal gland expression is highway robbery! Unfortunately I am not returning, I had good hopes about them. Service wasn't anywhere near the cost
It's a nice location and clean and the employees are always extremely helpful, but on Friday and Saturdays avoid going between 5-7pm, you'll have to wait in a line that winds around the entire shop. One thing that could make this saq better:  Get some Oregon reds on the shelf.
I'm not a vegetarian but I really like their veggie burrito. It's a great mix of ingredients and the salsa adds good flavor. I've recently become quite the fan of their lattes as well.
This place is in A class by itself. Can't compare with anything else in the valley. It's Awsome.  Great food. Clean restrooms. Not to crowded.
Checked yelp tonight for Chinese delivery and ended up choosing this place. Delivery was exactly as described time wise, and the food was incredible. Great portions for a good price, and nothing sketchy! Will definitely be ordering from them again.
the sandwich was amazing....but defintiely not worth $9. I've definitely had better.  It didn't even come with a side. great location and outdoor seating, but overrated.
what a dump, so small, owner is always a coked out drunk and the people who go there look like trailer trash. never going again
It is old school Vegas.  The food is excellent and classic steak house.  I loved looking over Freemont Street, but would have liked to have a seat next to the window to watch it.  There were several that were open the entire time I was there.
this place is awesome!  Got a mink stole for $25 and a 1960s silver clutch in mint condition for $12.  Stephanie is so sweet and helpful.  Be sure to stop thru here on your vintage crawls
I maintain my disdain for the Palms.  I was here last week and the service was just awful!  I was overall unhappy with my stay.
Hidden Little Treasure! \nService was impeccable,food was outstanding! We both had the Pre-Fixed $55 worth every penny!!! Highly Highly recommend this restaurant to not only locals but visitors as well! Well worth the trip 5 miles from the strip.
food sucks. tastes processed. cooked two days ago. vegetarian chili tasted okay. living off name and location. mostly deep-fried food. Cornbread from the day old store.
Erika is the greatest bartender in the history of TGI Fridays. That's all you need to know.
Smells like burning hand lotion. And, you have to walk for forever to get to that free tram. Anyplace with Sbarro's can't be all that good.
Do not go here. King of like maggianos. I hate it. Huge factory. We had bad experience with almost everything we ordered. If u love french fries then this is your place.\nWe both got sick after.
Good beer selection and friendly wait staff. We were the first ones here before going on to a party. Apparently I blinked because the place was suddenly packed and loud. \n\nWe had a couple beers at the O next door waiting for this place to open.  They should open a little earlier on the weekend.
Food was okay, my rice was good but my flautas were super greasy and not very flavorful... The best thing about the experience was probably the bean dip and chips. But I've still had better
Really good pizza. Way better than the major pizza chains. The Chicago deep dish is amazing. If you order it you better love lots of cheese.
Neil and his staff go out of their way to make sure all of your needs are met. Massages are very reasonably priced and they take pride in their work. I recommend!
You have to be goofy to not like this pizza. Their sauce is tangy and delicious, probably the best I ever had, and The crust is perfectly crunchy not doughy and chewy which I cant stand. Truly unique and worth a try. I will be back.
Living in the neighborhood this is a great place for meats, never had a bad experience the staff is always friendly and ready to help.
I have heard of this place and had never gone. I recently went with a friend. MOST AMAZING SUSHI. Also have a wine saki that is awesome.
I expected an energetic friendly staff when I visited this restaurant as it is new.  Instead the staff was rude and lazy.  I will not go back!!!
Ice chai latte is to die for! Got two large ice drinks for 7 bucks.
Came here for all you can eat sushi for lunch.  There is a decent selection of fish and the ice creams were really good.  It is difficult to try a lot of dishes though since I had to eat all the rice with the raw fish.   If you get tired of eating typical Las Vegas buffet, this is a good place to try.
Big store in beautiful mall. Service was very helpful. I thought the selection would have been bigger with a big store.
Caught these guys at Food Truck Fest 2 and they were delicious!  A relief from the heat in the Costco lot and with flavors like Wedding Cake and Creamsicle I was in love.  Plus, muy cheap!
Love this place,every time I come to this location it's empty! The employees are great, love grabbing a quick breakfast or lunch on the go!
Decent place to have a quick lunch if you are attending an event at the hotel.  Our server was extremely friendly and made us feel welcome.  The grilled cheese with tomato was tasty too!
This place has went down hill. Bartenders are rude have they know nothing about customer service. Also the clientele are a bunch of thugs.  I would stay away from this place unless your looking for drama.  The guy I was sitting by was telling me about how he just got out of jail the night before. Unsafe place!!
The food was good, but the wait time was not. Ordered a hummus plate that took 15 minutes. How long does it take to put hummus on a plate and heat a pita bread up? There was only one other couple in the restaurant too. The service was okay.. Nothing good or bad to say.
Ryan and his assistant came out to my house today to clean out the dryer vent.  They were on time, professional, friendly and did a great job for less than other people I called.  It was hard to find someone to come out on a Saturday for just cleaning the dryer vent.  I would definitely recommend Ryan and his team to anyone.
All good pizza, no complaints and arrives on time.\nThey also do catering or group orders which we got at work a few times but these were not very impressive.
Just left from getting a pedicure. Dirty salon, not one nail tech used cleaned tools, not a good massage; quick and rushed. The better the massage, the better the tip in my book. Tech was really rough with my nail beds. Not a good or relaxing pedicure, wont be returning.
I didn't like the Pho there. I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland. I also had the Bun Bo Hue. I like the side sauce that they gave but, without it, again it would taste very bland.
Way overrated. Pizza was bad and had no tomato sauce despite assurances that it would. Nothing like artisan pizzas available in NYC.
The best pho ga ive had. they cook their broth something insane like 24 hours and you can tell. the service is super friendly and you can tell the family owned store has a passion for vietnamese cuisine. the bakery beside is a good place for dessert after, too.
For the price the food is decent.  Chicken was a little tough but if your on a budget to feed 6 your money will go a long way
Best Carl's experience in a long time. Went around noon and the food was fast and fresh. French Fries were the best ever at CJ's The new Red Hot Buffalo Bleu Burger was tasty! Staff was courteous and friendly. Will return in the near future.
Delivery is not really an option....great pizza, huge fan, but when I live 2 miles away and can't get delivery when it's advertised, why even say delivery....apparently it's only within walking distance from the place and only to 4 casinos...
This is the only Vegas show that I have left early from. The act seemed more Ringling Brothers than Cirque du Soleil. Unless you are a fanatic Michael Jackson fan that idolizes him as a God, avoid this show.
A severe food poisoning all day, sake cup soo dirty, we asked them a new one but still dirty, spicy tuna & hotate sushi weren't fresh, and grilled items is ok. It's not cool to pay 100$ for dinner after got food poisoning.
Best Christmas tree selection and the guys helping are so helpful and nice. They give a fresh cut and assist to the vehicle. Janis, the owner is really sweet and supports the community charities. Thanks!
Cool place to watch Raider games during the season!! $10 dollar buckets of domestic abd $12 for imports. Loud and crazy bunch with a live DJ that plays old school west coast rap during the commercials and TD's.
Always good lunch, excellent soup... Gooood  sushi. The reason for the missing star is restroom. Clean but cheap stuff... Doesnt have to be that way. Soap n paper towel is important!
Wanted to try because of all the great reviews but sadly a little disappointed. Service was really great but unfortunately the food was mediocre.
Some of the best ice cream out there! Toasted coconut with hit fudge and chocolate covered almond! Divine
Sadly   Foskoskies closed its doors :(       I pray that Walter opens something else soon ! !  ! ! !
Yum! If you need a quick pizza come here, or better yet have them deliver. I love the thin crust pizza, will never get papa john's again when we order in. The pizza is always hot, flavorful, and fresh. Plus you can't beat the price and they mail out coupons too!
Stopped in for some Gelato for my nephew since it was so hot out. I understand this stuff melts, but why did it seem like it was melting before she scooped it? the gelato did not look appetizing one bit.
Another Fabulous dinner for 4! All different meals all great for a great price with great service. Not our first time here nor our last
Ok - I'm going to go with four stars because this is one of the very few places  that I've found you can go for a late night dessert and coffee. The coffee doesn't stand out but the desserts yum! The best part is they don't make it feel odd just coming for the sweets.
Decided to check out the buffet because of a Groupon deal. Line to get in was super long. They had a standard Vegas spread of options: seafood, Italian, salad bar, Chinese, soup bar, dessert table. The food was not the best quality and they were too busy for the servers to get to us.
best bar i've found in vegas for unique beer selection and friendly bartenders.    it's not really a standalone bar, it's in the upstairs level of NYNY on the way to Excalibur.
I your kid is close to 54\" beware different employees perceive it differently...drove across town for the go karts that my son had previously driven to be turned away...just wait till your kid is clearly over 54\" s
If you want a taxi ride don't call this company.  They won't show up!  Booked 24 hours in advance and received nice confirmation emails but...\n\nMy wife and daughter waited outside 30 minutes.  No call or message from these guys.  Finally 40 minutes later they send an email stating they cannot make it.
I don't know what everyone else on here is talking about; this Whataburger is super fast!  The entire drive thru process took a grand total of four minutes.  Great place to stop for a quick lunch when you work downtown.
Food was delicious, the service was above and beyond and the restaurant is really clean.  2. Thumbs up!!!
Sooooo yummy! Really like the shanghai rolls & free water!!! :)
The food was ok. My friends rave about it I thought it as ok. \nLots of TVs.\nService was forgetful and that's why I'm giving 3 not 4 stars.
I love the preschool! Every teacher my child has had has been outstanding. Not only are the teachers loving and nurturing, but they are also highly trained early childhood educators. I am always greeted with a smile and so are my children. My Kindergartner was so ready for school So happy with my experience at the J!
OMG huge portions! You definitely should share I ate chicken and waffles which was extremely good my boyfriend ate the famous chicken thing the guy on man vs food ate and the leftovers fed us for 2 days LOL
In City Center, pleasant, open location.  Good place to get away from alas Vegas madhouse.  Food was fine but not memorable.
Food and atmosphere is wonderful! I would recommend this place to all! Plus the bartender Jason is simply adorable!
Been there 4 times already and Hot n Juicy has not disappoint our family!!!! Awesome service by Myra and Trent and great seafood. We will definitely be back. Great job !!!'
Really over rated on here. Food was basic, chicken was slimy. Staff were friendly but not  very attentive. Had to ask for plates, a knife, napkins and a glass of water which tasted like pond water. Bit of an odd experience.
It is very simple food, and you probably could find the same dishes prepared in the buffet.  No offense to anyone who enjoys this restaurant, however, I would challenge you to expand your culinary horizons...
Todd's always exceeds expectations & New Year's Eve dinner was no exception. We have been going to Todd's for at least 5 years and have never been anything but impressed. We are always greeted warmly by staff and feel at home. The food is first rate! 5+ star rating. Looking forward to our next dinner there!
Great food! Love the music. A bit overpriced, but a good time.
Thank you Becca for your outstanding help. I bought an I phone 4 at Verizon.Thanks to the Apple staff person for making me glad I did.Final score 3 trips 1 phone call to Verizon and one visit to Apple .Thanks to Verizon too.
Horrible. Horrible staff. Never again. I can think of ten places to take my kids other than this place. Totally not worth the money when you have to deal with people like that.
I don't know why people like this place. There wasn't anything wrong with the service but the food was awful. Very weird... Especially the salsa and sauces.
I'm not sure what happened.  He seemed very nice and willing on the phone, and actually did a treatment several months ago.  For some unknown reason he stopped returning my calls and my tenants calls.  After a full week and no response I had to hire another company.  Very odd?
Enjoyed the fish and chips. The fish flaky, thick cut, with a thin crispy batter. The chips... a little to soft. Overall pretty good. Looks like a great place to catch a soccer game. English style food.
Another cheesy place by BMG! No sole and lots of fluff. Worst floor plan I have even seen in dance club and food awful.
Use your GPS to find this place.  Once you find it you will not be disappointed.
The store almost has it all.\nNo puma clothing and only one choice for cobra hat. So i wasnt able to spend my gift cards, they also dont stock the tour callaway glove. Maybe i should rate it lower.\nIt is a cool store though and they have tons of other things.
Fantastic.  Only complaint was the late reservation.  Great ambiance. Great staff. Great menu. And delicious food.  Branzino and braised short rib are pretty incredible. Prices are fair based on quality.  Possibly a larger wine list (by glass). Definitely going back.
Amazing home style breakfast. I come here every time I am in Vegas. This location is better than the Vegas locations. Some people might not want to drive to Henderson but it's worth it. The stuff French toast with sausage is my favorite.
This used to be a premier rice bowl restaurant and now it has turned into absolute garbage. The staff is seriously rude, they started using a different chicken, and it doesn't taste or feel the same. \n\nI go now to Yogi's on Camelback for a better experience.
Amazing amazing food. Ordered the veggie tacos, empanadas, nachos and pork tacos. All very very good. The patio is happy hour ALL the time. Great pre/post event eats!
I eat at Leticia's frequently.  I have tried many different dishes (all fantastic!) and have had many margaritas (delicious).  Great staff!  They have fun street festivals during special occasions.  So happy that it's close by!
Best salad bar in town IMO. hands down. Quality inredients, good Quinoa and quality oils and vinegars for the top. Not to mention at $7.99 its tough to beat.\n\nAll the sandwiches are pretty good too but the Salad bar is the star of the show for us.
I do not like this company! For years I have been forced to work with them for Internet and cable and have been consistently dissatisfied with the customer service. Inconsistent billing, poor customer service, and lies sum up this service. Can't wait for more service providers.
I have been here for dinner 6 times over the last year and I keep hoping that the food will get better and it never has , it gets worse every time ... will never go back and I don't recommend to anyone it is expensive for the quality and the tap waterthe serve you warm is terrible .....
The tellers at this bank, although friendly, are not very competent. They do not pay attention to anything you write on the check, like the account number on the back. I wish I could find a bank that actually cares about my business.
Best burritos in town.  great salsa and the best homemade tortillas.  Check out this hidden jewel and don't let appearances deceive.  This is some of the best food in the valley.
Best buy staff are knowledgable and engaging not to happy with the venders if u will that are within the store but happy none the less
Great NY style pizza.  Good dough  nice sauce & toppings.  Quality toppings too. Big surprise was wings are the biggest and best I've had around. Sweet pepper glaze are my favorite. \nIf you like authentic NY pizza,  this place reminds me of home.  Try it.
this lounge was ok. We was in vegas for superbowl weekend, and we stayed at the Rio. And decided to try their lounge.. it was ok. Music was ok.. That's all I really can say about it.. Just ok..
You're looking for a place off the strip that's more relaxing in casual, this is your place. Five dollar blackjack tables all day; dealers very friendly. Great food selections at a very reasonable price. And the bowling alley that beats everyone! The rooms are average at best but they are clean. The staff was a little lacking.
The food was very good!! Everything we ordered was tasty. The service was excellent! Highly recommend this place.
Great family diner.  Everything is fresh and homemade.  Can't leave without trying the homemade jelly. Love the owner Mary is awesome. Great variety of different hashes. Sage sausage is made to order hand patted patty. Just enough sage and thyme.  Can't get enough of this place.
Our dog got suddenly ill and had to be put down the next day. The staff here was amazing, answered all my questions, helped us make a very hard decision and was there with us through the whole thing. Very compassionate and understanding! Highly recommended!
I ordered my sub to be delivered at 12:15 for lunch came an hour early and cold.  If they can't read or follow simple instructions that are set in place as options to chose its not worth it.  Many better places to order subs from.
It's just breakfast. Eggs, Potatoes and Pancake Flour cost pennies not $9.00. Take $2.00 off every meal and stop overcharging.
Service is not so great. Took long to make my order no waitress in sight for 15 mjn. Eggplant crisps are good. Margarita pizza came without basil tho :( Once fixed was good. My Italian soda never received.
They only serve poor tasting fried food and the service is so bad. The bartender was rude and ignored me. I simply needed food to go but he was too busy talking to his buddy and reading the paper.
Excellent pulled pork!!!  And damn fine chili!  We have at least one meal here on every visit to Vegas!
I like their special offer on Saturday. BOGO (Buy one get one free)\nTaste is good. Good burger.\nGo and try it.\nBut if you want a cozy, quite atmosphere, you'd better find the other restaurant.
Coffee is bad, place smells like burning manure (cigar shop next door). Most of the time hipster barista is outside smoking.
The golf course itself was maintained well. The staff here are very courteous and friendly. The ponds are horrendous with buildup and flying bugs. The smell from several was very gross.
Girl who took my order which was surprisingly happy with her voice. Love seeing happy nice people.\nWas busy when I went hot food
Great place. The ooey - gooey cupcakes are unreal. Not always a cupcake fan but these are fantastic.
Played here on 11/26/05\nCourse was in great shape. Greens were slow. Some amazing views and some not so amazing views on the course. Great course for ladies as their tees only play to 4400. Good value for 100 bucks not quite as challenging as Wildfire.
great yellow curry and Thai tea here. think this the BEST chicken Satay I have ever had, but its made the traditional way so be prepared to wait awhile for it .  well worth it
good coffee, friendly staff, good food.  they forgot to bring out the bagel I had ordered, but were very apologetic about it.  I will go here again.
Gave me a handicap room when I didn't order one. Said they don't gurantee me a room unless I pay a fee. Ridiculous and stupid!!!!!!!!:-(
Home southern style cooking. Meat and 2 sides. Daily specials offered. Used to come here more when I lived nearby. People still remember you and are so friendly here.\n\nNot fancy. You can come as you are and nobody cares. Closed Sunday. Open 6am-9pm.
Nice to have a familiar coffee shop.  The higher prices is expected but not the service.  Very slow service when we were here.  Only one person working!
Advice to everyone , always check your receipt , when you sell them anything always make sure you count how much you bring in and how much the receipt says you brought in, sometimes they tend to keep people stuff for themselfs.
I have to agree with the first reviewer, very disappointing.  If you want better Indian food at an amazing price, I would have to recommend Thali on the corner of St-Marc and St-Catherine a block away.
Meh...clubbing is not my thing. \n\nNice staff.\nBeautiful decor. \nGarbage music. \nCover: Free but I believe it was $20.00 for girls and $40.00 guys.  (not worth it in my opinion...)
I was served a cold $8.95 seafood Benedict and it was served 10 minutes after my family's meals. When I spoke to the server and then manager, they were extremely disrespectful and defensive. I've been coming here for years and have never had such a terrible experience. How sad.
Had a service related bad experience but it was attended to promptly & simply was some of the best customer service I have ever experienced! Highly recommend this place.
Very good!  Service was great and the food... Oh my, it was absolutely the best flavors my mouth has had the privilege of tasting!! The best! Yum:)
Amazing visual feast.  Well worth the price.  Just see it.
I wish I'd has as good an experience as others with this cafe.  My bacon was burned and the coffee smelled and tasted burned as well.  This cafe is priced higher and the food quality is lower than other breakfast eateries in the area.  I certainly won't be back.
Lay off the salt in the food and we'd be 4 stars. Had the goulash and spetzle and the goulash was way too salty. Other than that, awesome atmosphere and fantastic beer. I'd certainly come back for the beer, but might hesitate to eat here again. I've had better German food elsewhere.
Love this store!!!
Pricey for what you get. I've tried:\n\nVeggie burger - not great and it's deep fried.\nEggplant pasta dish - very bland.\nSpinach salad - pretty good but very oily.
Love the sauces, inexpensive. Got the coarse chopped sandwich.. Loved it. Great lunch
Good food at a good price!  I had the Tomato, basil and mozzarella sandwich, which was delicious.  They challenged me to compare their cafe mocha to that 'other' coffee shop's version and I must say it was very good!  If I return to Montreal, I will visit this place again!
For what this is - fastish type sandwiches and pizza, it is great! Their bread rocks - sandwiches and flatbread are good and fast.
I would travel all the way to Edinburgh for their seafood pasta -- absolutely delicious....\n\nGood service and actually pretty reasonable given the quality of food. Would return.
Great food! \nIf you like a little taste of New Orleans in Las Vegas you must go!
Friendly service and decent prices.  During the current drought of .22 ammo they had some and were rationing it so everyone could have some, and didn't gouge on the price.\n\nGood selection of black powder guns and supplies too.
Great source for local meat, also very friendly with some very awesome prices.  Meat is all grass fed, so it won't have the same marbling that you might usually expect.  But he will go out of his way to get whatever cut you want.
Had a great time with co-workers at Hi Fi on a Thursday night. Great cocktails and good dancing. Also, I must RAVE about the staff / customer service - Asst. GM Michael M is fabulous! He went out of his way to take care of us. Thanks Michael!! Can't wait to go back!
$9 Burger, Fries & Drink what jep... Like the other guy I can smell frozen patty miles away. Wish it was slightly cheaper but the atmosphere isn't bad. Not sure that I'd recommend this place even to my enemies!!!
Terrible customer service each time I've come to this place.  Only gave 2 stars because I like firehouse and my subs are always good but I've never been greeted by employees here when I walk in. Will not return. Subway it is!
Been going there since it opened. Just recently learned it was christian owned. Hence, I saw and never noticed Scripture on a few of the items. Basic burgers and fries that is fresh and yummy!
Food phenomenal! Service can be hit or miss.
My first time hear and It was very good but not the greatest. I had the chicken fettuccini it could use more Alfredo souce I had to ask for some on the side but the bread is so good I loved it.\n\nI also liked the setting around me it was very cool and different!
No line, bigger then everyone made it sound! Seen way smaller pawn shops in the D! We got to take some pictures inside, so I was happy.  As seen on TV.  Something small to do if your around the Stratosphere.
Simply dishonest, unprofessional, n don't step foot in there .Hope they spend every penny that they got from me for medicine .
8-2010  Update  \nThe owner passed away and they have made a lot of changes for the worse.  Smaller portion sizes, higher prices.   Service is not as good as it used to be either.  I have stopped eating here.
Cute place. Fantastic bakery items. Very accommodating with English speaking customers. Highly recommend the brioche cinnamon rolls. They were amazing! We even got more to go for the next morning.
Really good sushi! Hell...really good everything!
The food was bland and the service terrible. The waitress actually asked us if we could pay our bill so she could go home. It was five pm and we were not finished yet. \nThe decor does remind you of Greece though!
This is a fantastic spot for views & a healthy lunch!  Love the Bento boxes...all under 400 calories & delicious!  Keep it up Sanctuary!
Very dirty dingy little dive bar. The crowd is all regulars and they are very friendly. If your looking for something in the area to just drink this might be your place. The tvs are not great in here either.
Not impressed. Food was waaaaay too salty and bland. Save your calories and dough for the other great resturants in Vegas.
Hard to find so ask around..the secret is that it is hidden w/out signs to point you in the right direction so do ask..worth the time.
Love this place! Always great food every time and great service too! Highly recommended! High quality Mexican food.
Nora's was a favorite of my husband and I for years, however, on the recent visit here, the service was horrible . Our waitress was rude and inattentive. On top of the bad service, the food was greasy and not as flavorful. Would not go back!
My favorite place for Mexican food. Relaxed by the lake\nI have never been dissatisfied
The food was pretty typical of your mid-range restaurant but the ambiance is what you come here for!  The staff is deliberately rude and sarcastic but not over the line.  Our server was fun!  The more we \"hassled\" him the more he \"hassled\" us. It definitely made for a funny experience.
Great brisket!!!  Wonderful people!!!!  Get there early as they sold out today before 1pm.
Worst Starbucks service in the general area. The location is beyond slow inside or through the drive through. If you can avoid this location, do it. Otherwise if you have ample time to sit around and wait for your coffee for 2-3 times longer that you should, this is the Starbucks for you.
Best donuts in the world.  I have not traveled the world but I'm pretty sure I'm right.  Plus they DO have free wifi so why go to another place for mediocre donuts.  If I'm gonna eat those kinds of calories I want each one to be delicious.
Great location near the newest side of Vegas. Well kept facility with nice decor. A very pleasant experience.
I accidentally ordered the 24\" in pizza, biggest pizza I've EVER bought. The 2 of us ate on it for the whole week. 13 huge pieces. The place is a whole in the wall, but definitely convenient.
The service has improved over time.   Post Office boxes are still the rule in Carefree, so we do the walk of shame every 2 weeks when we pick up the mail.   Take the yellow card out of the box and walk to the line to join all the others that are picking up the mail.
The only place in the Valley that I trust for an excellent pedicure. It's only $18 and it includes a hot rock massage. What more you could you ask for? I pass dozens of other nails salons on my 30 minutes drive here but I wouldn't think if going anywhere else.
Best family owned place!! The most amazing pizza my husband and I have had. Will be back many times
Over half an hour and still waiting for my pizza they said would take 15 minutes... some people have been here waiting longertl than I have...
I love this place! Amazing food, super flavorful and healthy, great service and great atmosphere! I'm back every weekend!
had the bulkogi mini plate. very cheap at $5, but it's not really bulkogi - more like a thin steak with very sweet barbecue sauce - and the rice was too sticky. the lone bright spot of the meal was probably the potato-mac salad.
Worst starbucks I've ever been to. I repeated my order three times and they still got it wrong-- twice. Even after they remade it it still didn't taste right. They messed up two other people's drinks while I was standing there. And they were slow!! Won't come back here.
I would highly recommend the North Tower! The room was big, great bathroom and nice view.\n\nThey also have a massive high rise parking deck which is FREE!\n\nThe downside was tube TV, time to upgrade!
This place just doesn't do it for me.  The food isn't bad, but it's definitely forgettable.  I just don't like being there, either.
Was here for a couple of nights and had a regular room. It had a decent view and was nice and clean. The rates I scored were so good it was silly.\nIt was a perfect location for our nighttime wandering of the strip.\nIts not a fancy hotel by any means but it was great for what we needed.
Grilled cheese was great, but the Hungarian Ghoulash is not to be missed!
This place is AMAZING!! We don't even live in Phoenix but we would drive there just to eat here!
The sushi was good  ,sorta pricey if you don't catch happy hour . No liquor License yet would be my only real complaint . I would only come here during happy hour because like i said its good but i have had better for cheaper .
This place is great. Friendly staff, great classes, great prices all of that and yet still professional. We ARE dealing with guns here, so the level of professionalism is great. I wish I had more guns, I would shoot there more often!\nHeck with 'The Gun Store', come up here!!!
Just found out they serve tacos. They were really good! Pleasantly surprised. I will definitely be back for more.
Just stopped for lunch before driving off. Food was below average. They had about 3 vegetable dishes and 3 chicken dishes. Nothing great .. Probably won't ever go back.
Great d\u00e9cor, atmosphere, food and drinks.  Service was a little slow, but made up for it overall.  We will definitely be going back soon.
Service here blows.  Waited twenty minutes in line. Only one cashier.  Second employee didn't even bother to assist.  Go somewhere else.
As others had mentioned, it was just ok. Needed some food during a long layover, so it did the job. Nothing spectacular. Nice slide show of Sammy though, and nice memorabilia.
I've been getting tattooed by Steve for a few years now and send him my friends whenever I can. He always does such an awesome job. \nI love that when I have ideas he can draw them up and make a tattoo just for me, not the same that's just picked from a book in the lobby.
This place had decent pot stickers and pad thai. The fried wonton strips with spicy mustard and sweet and sour sauce were a nice touch. I thought the service was friendly and attentive. 3.5 stars.
Walked in....instantly received Free tix to Phantom (wanted LeReve but will take em') Spa is killer and so is the Merlot!  Far cry from Cosmo but still very fun!!
Facility is dirty, staff is unfriendly, location is hard to find.  Try Body Heat Yoga in Silverado instead.  Much cleaner facility.  I bought a groupon for Vegas hot to try, tried once and I will be returning to Body heat instead
Sat at the bar as usual and received great service as usual along with consistently excellent food.
I stop by this Michaels whenever I'm in the area.  I think it is an older store, not as large as some of the newer ones like at Riverview Center and Ray Rd, or the one south of here on Gilbert.  But I always enjoy looking around and find the clerks helpful.
i love this place. \n\nbut it is a good idea to be in the mood for really loud house, trip and electro if you plan on eating here.
What a filthy shit hole. The place stinks and they leave trash all over the floor. It reeks of stale beer and smoke. And they have the balls to only  have 10.00 and  15.00  tables on the weekend. Place is for losers and drunks. Don't waste your time.
Employes are very friendly. I enjoyed the decor very much. Very awesome. They make the best handmade tortillas i've had here in Vegas. I will definitly come back here and recomend people to stop by here for a taco or two ...
Was not a fan. For the prices I wanted to be wowed but it was only eh. Servers tried too hard (we ended up with 3 servers some how). Sorry but won't be back
It has a lovely sky-coloured ceiling that sometimes seems to move, and the floors are decked out like cobblestone roads.  It's a pretty casino but I didn't exactly have a religious experience - there are more compelling ones.
Great friendly staff that care and I am so grateful to find this place. I would recommend anyone looking for a good doctor to come here and see Dr. Alfreda. He is a great doctor who cares about his patients.
Awesome!  Know nothing about the history of Montreal?  This is a great hands on museum perched above the archaeological dig site of the original fort and the first cemetery. Don't miss the very well done multimedia presentation at the beginning of the tour.
This place sucks; worst customer service ever! Then if you're with a group of friends you can't split the bill, also they don't really close at the time listed on the door, they close more than half hour before the closing time listed.  Servers are so rude too; worst place ever.
The gyros meat is delicious but the pita at times throws everything off by not being super fresh. \n\nWhat I will say rocks at this place is the gyros salad. I've never seen one with such a generous portion of gyro meat. Delicious dressing too.
*** They never responded to this review, but kept sending me customer service surveys I was more than happy to respond to, and then I finally got an email from Lorena asking about my service. I responded with my review and never heard back. This company literally couldn't care less about how they pretty much robbed me.
Omg....terrible place for frozen yogurt!!!   I would not recommend this place at all!!!
ive stayed at Planet Hollywood twice this year and each time i make it a point to hit up this place. hands down best sandwich ive ever had. i just wish and pray one will open in Southern California soon!!
I was not a big fan of sushi, but after tasting here I started loving sushi. It is little bit costly but the food is good.
Ordered the hot dog special. It took 25 minutes. It came with fries and a soda. The soda calibration was set to more carbonation than syrup, my bun fell apart, and the fries were bottom of the barrel with so many tiny pieces and shriveled.  Take some pride in your quality of food.
This place was not my jam- the burger I got was simply a frozen patty with absolutely nothing special- I would not suggest this place to anyone.\n\nThey do have a good atmosphere but the good is a definite PASS
I just recently joined and recieved an introduction to Crossfit... truly life changing and a really fun way to challenge yourself, no matter what your starting level.
Worst service in the Venetian.  I sat in my seat for 20 minutes and not a single server came by. They all stood at the bar with their backs towards everyone and then would help 1 section of the bar and go immediately back to the bar position. HORRIBLE service and never again will I go there.
Went there with my wife and mother.\n\nRecommend if you want a date place.  In a strip mall.  Decor is nice and the server was informed.  Service was touch and go.  Food was good, but small portions and high price seemed like we should have been on the Strip.
Stopped in here for lunch while in town for a wedding.  The food was solid, the service friendly, and the atmosphere welcoming.  I particularly enjoyed the mashed potatoes and the tomato-basil soup, which was excellent and a surprisingly good complement to the more traditional southern food I ordered.
Worst pizza in the world! I wouldnt take there pizza for free let alone 30$ for it. Much better choices in town. Service is not professional and lacks attention mid week afternoon shifts. The bartender has to serve you because theres no waitstaff on floor. The place is so dead, they dont staff and it effects service.
I had the chicken sandwich, it was surprisingly bland, and a little dry. My sister had a salad that wasn't great. I was with a whole table full of family and all were underwhelmed.  I had heard that is was so great... I would say, ehhh.
Not bad pizza but not the best. It's pretty expensive which is understandable since this is the Las Vegas strip but if you need a late night slice of pie it will do the trick. If your looking for something to stand out or taste like a top notch pizza joint you may want to search around a little bit more.
great sandwiches. Fun location on State St. stack up the sandwich with all the meats and cheeses!
Such a great variety of sandwiches, burgers, hot dogs and SODAS! I usually always get two bottles of unique soda, one to drink and one for my collection at home
This place is awesome. I'm still sitting here finishing a perfect Old Fashioned and a veggie flatbread with super fresh, fragrant veggies and herbs with amazingly creamy goat cheese. \n\nBartender is lovely, ambience is chill and classy. This place is great all around.
Food was great but the dinning room was not inviting and the staff was not that inviting either.  Go there for the food not the experience.
Just Okay!! Some good bargains here and there but nothing to go crazy for!! A little run down I would say, just saying.
Just okay.  Not the best Thai place.  Skip the Pad Thai (worst I've ever had.). Price is okay, but I wouldn't go back.
Awesome service, little portions, very expensive, and the menu had a small range of foods to choose from. I wouldn't recommend this place if you are on a budget and really hungry. Although, If you're looking to spend, go for it!
Stayed in the Augustis tower and it was beautiful. Nice view of the Bellagio. \n\nThis is really a Resort!! Theres so much to do!\n\nid stay again if the rate was nice.
I would give it zero stars.\nI work there and their company and management is full of shit.\nFuck Macy's.
I am so happy with the improvement I have seen in this car wash. They are attentive to their customers and are really doing a better job on the cars. Prices are decent especially when it comes to the job that is being done.
I love this Target. Good thing to keep in mind though is that it is the Target closest to ASU, so pick and choose your battles when you're coming to this loc! However, always friendly staff and it's nice and big. I've never been let down here.
Very authentic Italian restaurant.  Excellent Veal Picatta, and delicious chocolate martini
Decent.  Some creativity with the waffles, and other waffle-iron-cooked items, but generally in the \"more is better\" school.  Huge portions of pretty good food.
Sorry to hear that Billy sold the place today.  Really loved the atmosphere and sitting at the bar enjoying a beer.  Will be missed.
BEWARE!!!!!!!\n\nStayed at Planet Hollywood Resort and their staff STOLE a pair of expensive pair boots while my wife was taken to emergency due to illness!!!
its a nice hotel.. i havent been to the hotel rooms yet, but marquee is there, which is the new hottest club.. \ni wish i could say more, but i was only at the cosmo for about an hour...
I have eaten here three times and I now have a fav new restaurant in Phx. It is the best in Phx for NY Itailan foodies. Manga!
Good atmosphere to workout. Lots of yoga classes. The gym is seems to be almost always close to empty. Not as \"hip\" as the other David Barton gyms around the country
CUTE CUTE CUTE shop has a little something for everyone and prices for everyone too.  It's a mish mosh of things, jewelry, laptop cases, purses, shoes clothing, knick knacks.\n\nStaff is really cool too.
I had higher hopes of being true mexican pizza like i got growing up.  I will say it was very cheap!!  I also love their marketing.
Wow this place has bad service bar tender really sucks got a card and it had someone else's name would not fix asked for something and he ignored me
The food was delicious and cooked to perfection. Unfortunately it took a while to place our order and get our food. They were completely understaffed and while the girl was trying her hardest it was too much fit her to keep up with.
Supermarket on Steroids!!!! NOT to be missed! Bring lots of Canadian Money, (they dont take AMEX) not because things are expensive but because you wont be able to resist filling your carriage with goodies! Love, Love, Love this place! Bring a cooler and stop on your way home to the states!
Hip and casual with great lighting for a morning nosh and tasty espresso.
It's staff is better than the Orchid. The food is an array of dim sum.\nThe decor is typical. The quality is okay.
With Mr. Goodcents, Blimpee, and Jersey Mikes don't waste your time with Firehouse.  The atmosphere is a bit much and I didnt think the subs were anything to  return too. \n\nThe store was clean and the employees pretty nice, but the subs just not there for me.
Seriously this place is amazing! This is exactly how food should be made. The nachos with pork and prickly pear sauce are incredible.
First time here this past Saturday.  \n\nI enjoyed my chicken, fries, & slaw.  Most of all I love their Texas toast & SWEET TEA.\n\ndidn't wait long for our food & staff was friendly. Prices are very affordable.
No problem recommending this place, convenient booking, friendly staff, decent selection of frames and efficient service.
how do you ruin a good quality burger?  fail to season the meat properly prior to cooking.  GR, I know you've heard of salt and pepper.  like most other strip restaurants, BurGR suffers from the inexplicable need to play down to the blandest of palates.
Should you try this place? \nSure.\n\nIs the food good?\nI wasn't amazed\n\nWould I come back?\nEh.
The food is absolute garbage.  Period.  Anyone who says otherwise knows nothing about good food.  Happy hour menu is exceptionally bad.  Nice view, but that's about it.  Don't eat there.
I love coming here, the line moves quickly, the food is fresh, you can create anything you want from healthy as you want to, well anything you want.  Never had a bad meal from Chipotle.
Hoegaarden on tap\nWhen you're in an Uptown mood\nRi Ra is the bomb
My kitchen drain was stopped up and I called and within a half and hour Ron came and fixed it. VERY polite and prompt. no problems with this company.
The dentist does the cleanings so you get a maximum amount of time with the dentist.
A \"for profit\" thrift store with \"sifted\" thru products sold at a higher second hand cost...Just some thrift store capitalizing on the \"thrift\" trend...Goodwill or Savers better choice! Terrible housewares section with near throw out condition crap...
I expected a Greek place and had no idea what to think about the hot pink building. But, this place was surprisingly good. Had the fish fry, which was good (but they are pretty hard to mess up). Everyone else seemed to like their food. The service was a bit slow, but it was Friday and they were busy.
Wow. Not good, I can't even come up with a better statement than that. The sushi wasn't fresh...
Great Restaurant with great food nice wine. The inside ambience is good but there's no nice view of the city.
The buns fall apart so you end up eating your burger with a soggy bun.  Staff does not seem to know what is going on and they are not well trained.  Can't think on their own.
I have been going to Sutra for a few months now and I have fallen in love with this studio. The instructors are amazing, the desk staff is always helpful and nice, and the schedule is great. This studio embodies exactly how I always envisioned the perfect yoga studio - warm and welcoming. Namaste. : )
I got into an accident which was not my fault. The other party recommended this place. I got a good rental car, quick and painless insurance process. I was on my way to go. Easy to call and access. Good job. I'm satisfied. I didn't pay anything.
Although I was greeted upon my arrival, I found the staff to be very rude, short, and MIA when I was trying to check out. I do like they offer a variety of options when it comes to hair products, but not sure I will rerturn, knowing I can find those products elsewhere with better service.
Best cupcakes around!  Delicious, Gorgeous and Creative!
Peach ice cream is in season. So here we go. Also, there is a special for buy two get one free. It beats the heat. 'Taking done pints home.
Bridesmaid dress was done on time. Price was ok for what was done - a little on the higher side for simple alterations. Nice that she continually said to keep coming until I was happy.
So apparently the food was horrible according to 4 people so i know i wont be back for food even though the gravy cheese curd fries looked yummy enough
Caf\u00e9 ind\u00e9pendant dans le Ghetto McGill, on y vient pour ses sandwichs et ses banquettes pour travailler. Wifi gratuit !
Matt's Big Breakfast is AWESOME\nThe food is great, great retro-atmosphere and the staff is very attentive and friendly.  Centrally located and very easy to get to by the Light Rail or plenty of parking in the rear.
Awesome place. Eggs rolls, pho & coffee were top notch. To bad it's not closer to my home or I'd eat there more.
One of the best kept burger secrets in this town. Sweet potato fries and a burger you will not soon forget.
Great wine and bruschetta, especially the apple one. Good live music when I went. They need a fire pit outside though! There is not much out there and they need to liven it up some. But great wine bar
This place is simply the best cafe in town. No question. The coffee is impeccable and the baked goods are divine.\n\nIt's a good thing I don't work near the Capitol or I'd spend far too much money here... and I'd be fat and diabetic.
Very bad service. Bland food. We had to wait forever for even booster seats. Some dishes were okay but some were messed up.
this place is bangin' like a crip or blood!! a new fav. in my book!
This place was like a huge toy land.  Everything you can possibly imagine in the world of M&M.  I've been to the New York one and this is just as good.  Tons of stuff for everyone from clothes, nic-naks and of course M&M's.
Worst service worst food ever you call yourself a restaurant almost compares to eating out of a garbage can and our server told us under his breath to go to hell when we asked about food quality ... I wish I knew his name
Stayed there for a few days and service was all right. There were no problems. The custodial staff was very great when we had a toilet situation. Overall, I was satisfied.
My boyfriend and I hit this place twice a week! Service is fast food is great along with the delicious canes sauce. . Love it!
Wonder how many hours of my life I have wasted waiting for shitty customer service from Walgreens pharmacists? Weird. Why do I keep returning? Don't know. Will go anywhere else but here from now on
WOW!!! I called to get information regarding the community and the gentleman who answered didn't really seem to want to help at all. He seemed to be annoyed that I was calling. I will definatly not rent here based on the customer service.
The rum runner burgers are awesome. everything they make really is delicious. On some weekends my family and i like to meet up there and enjoy some delicious food. we kept the tradition strong since 2011, constantly meeting up there at least twice a month.
well done! removed candle wax from my work uniform-saving me tons of $
Not sure what this restaurant is trying to be..because the steak is tasteless, the fish was unrecognizable, the chicken tasted like the fish and finally the vegetables were inedible!   We were dumbfounded how one could ruin so much food.  We left our plates barely eaten.  They need a better chef with taste buds!
They missed a couple little spots, but otherwise it was a pretty great job. The employees were all friendly (except for one of the vacuumers at the beginning) and made certain I was satisfied before I drove away.
I love the design of this place with all of the firepits and dark decor...  And that is where my love affair begins and ends with this place.  Maybe I've just been to too many bars, but this place doesn't really stick out in my mind for better or worse.
Walked in around 10:00pm. Waited 15min and still not greeted by a server, to top it off the silverware had old food deposits on it. Absolutely unacceptable in my book. Did not hang around long enough to try the food.
Nice atmosphere that was neither too bright nor too dark. Prompt sevice. Come for the happy hour appetizer specials. Tasty mussels in a very nice broth for only $5!
Went for lunch a couple of times. It's a solid place for a bite. If your not into \"healthy\" food it might be a bit of a struggle.
This place sent me to collection even though my insurance & I  paid in full on time. Not one bill or phone call and I have lived at the same address for 7 years!!!!! This caused a huge mess for me and staff didn't even care........ Stay away
I  went   there  last  Sunday   and  men  !!!   really  god  sushi   I  think  come  back   asap
Small but busy Starbucks, no drive thru, indoor and outdoor seating.  Busy all day because of huge number of nearby business offices.  Free wi-fi, treat receipts.
I've been here multiple times now, and WOW. Always an enthusiastic welcome from all staff and the food is excellent. Everything is made to order & selection is awesome. Very hip interior, especially for a quick bites place. Definitely a new favorite.
Nice Flight, but sucks you have to pay $25 for a checked bag. Attendants are nice, seats are comfortable, and they have plugs in between seats. Also they have fun games and movies.
The bang-bang shrimp is ah-MAZING! So is the black cherry guava mojito! Ambience and wait staff also great!
Overrated and definitely not worth the money.   Spent thousands and was still treated like crap.  With Light and Hakkasan now in play, this place is losing its luster.
This is a joke right? What idiotic restaurant owner is CLOSED at 6pm on a beautiful Saturday evening? Just drove by... 6:12pm and the place is boarded up. Next.
Best Thai near uptown by far.  May not be as trendy as Thai Basil but the prices are reasonable and the food is considerably more authentic.  Staff speaks Thai & Lao.
Slow service and didn't give my kids any sauce for their nuggets even though we asked for some. They were not very friendly either
I don't like writing reviews and I never take the time to...so just trust me, book the appointment and let them show you why I took the time to do this- mark my works, you'll be impressed
This place is AWESOME!  Great service and selling to work with you too make your experience fantastic!
Had the great time having the delightful latte here. The steamed milk was perfect, I did liked it when I had the first sip to it.\n\nThis place could be better if they had good place and good service.
We love this place.  The smothered chicken, red snapper, greens and corn bread are delicious.  Actually everything I've had has been terrific.   Friendly service too.  If you like soul food this is THE place to go!
I rarely give a bad rating. But sometimes a meal is so shockingly bad my fingers act out on the keyboard out of survival. The filthy bathrooms managed to be the highlight of my visit. One could get a better meal at Petco. I imagine the convenient location keeps them going, it's not the Steak burro.
Gourmet fast food as I like to call it. Five Guys has one of my favorite burgers and I am so glad they made the move out west.  Service at this location is the best I've experienced from this chain. For a juicy and tasty burger topped your way you must try Five Guys!
It sucks to see all these negative comments about this place! I'm a huge fan of the show, it's kinda bogus that you don't see Corey, chumlee, or Rick in the shop
Love the variety and great freshness the staff is always very friendly and smiling always willing to help...i love to go in and get fresh fruit and vegetables. ..can't go wrong with anything that they sell...\n\nGo in and experience how all grocery stores should be
Really Really Good!!\nYellowtail jalepeno.... excellent!\nBone in short rib...... excellent!\nSashimi is super fresh... amazing!\nWe will be back very soon!!!
MECHANICAL BULL.  Do I Ned to say anything more?\n\nExcellent selection of tequila and Mexican beer. Had the chicken fajitas. They were great and more food than I expected.  Ask for Anna at the bar.
Not very good. 25 min wait for what should be somewhat fast food. The flavors were not very good on any of the 4 items we had. I'd suggest they reevaluate the menu and then figure out how to be more efficient. People will forgive slow service for good food, but this place is a bust on all fronts.
The price is fine, pretty mediocre though as far as cheap chinese buffets go. The eggrolls were undercooked.
Lazy gyro. Not carved off a rotating hunk o meat on spit. This one is thin sliced lunch meat. I don't know how they cook it but mine was burnt
Amazing.  Simply AMAZING food.
Went for happy hour, service was great drinks were good, but the food was SO SO.. Prices were very reasonable, atmosphere is nice. These folks are new to the happy hour game perhaps they will catch up! We are rooting for them because they have a great patio and wonderful owners.
Talk about overpriced and boring. Our waitress SUCKED. The other waiters were awesome and funny. Ours . . . nada. Won't be back.
Perfect med rare tuna sandwich\n\nI have order that fresh tuna sandwich several times recently...eating more fish and chicken...it's so good and perfectly cooked every single time.  Friendly staff and very clean.  Thank you
Best CUBAN food ever. This place is a family owned restaurant that is super authentic.  We have made this our necessary go to place every time we are in Vegas. Get the lemonade,  tostones, cuban sandwich,  anything! You wont be disappointed!
I have to update this place.  It was one of my favorite places to be in Vegas but they cut down on their tapa portions (prices are the same).  The martinis are still amazing, and the view is obviously the same, but just don't come hungry because you'll leave disappointed.
Had breakfast with my son today and it was a great experience. Kathleen was a great server and made us laugh. Quick and friendly service.  Great food. Will be back.
Fuego Cantina Closed.........\nI predicted this 8/17/12\nToo bad they didn't stand up to their other 3 restaurants.
I dont know what the other reviews are talking about...I had excellent food and excellent service! Angelo even came over to our table and shook our hands!
Sometimes I wish the course was more difficult and had more novelty tricks to them, but I'm actually rather content with the way things are. Good clean fun, unless for some reason you would prefer to make dirty jokes the whole time you're out there.
Good place for eating before a Cardinals game.  Ribs are somewhat over cooked and a little dry. Cajun sauce is good. order it on the side.\nBrisket is great and moist.
Met with some friends here.  Our server was Jake.  Seated quickly and service was great.  Beer was cold (which is important to me).  \n\nMost importantly we had a blast sitting there talking and didn't feel rushed to get up and leave.  Very nice for a Saturday eve.
This was our favorite Ethiopian restaurant in all of Vegas.  Unfortunately, we just drove by the other week and they were closed - looks like they have gone out of business.  I really hope this is just temporary.\n\nFor now, Merkato is a decent alternative.
My boyfriend's grandmother celebrated her 90th birthday here. It was a lovely location, at the foot of Cammelback Mountain.  She was the happiest that I've ever seen her.  Being that she is a lifelong Catholic, it was a really special location for her.
LOOOOOOOOONG Wait just to get served.  As the line was way into the casino, I see a Starbucks Employee stocking shelves.  Understaffing leads to poor customer service.
CREEPY, CREEPY, CREEPY!!!! Like Becky m. Just not good. And weird!!!!
Quick and friendly. I ordered the Zinc Croissant, add avocado and bacon, it was delish! A bit pricey but tasty and a bit fancy.
Gets the job done, large rooms, good location.  On the other hand it is run down, a bit dirty and smells funny.
Terrible service! If I was rating the food I would give it a 3.  Thanks to their terrible service I found a much better crab shack!  Angry Crab was wonderful... I will not ever return to Hot N Juicy.
Amidst a sea of chain restaurants along a seemingly endless row of strip malls, I expected this little Mom & Pop to at least try to compete. We should have stopped at the complimentary chips and salsa because everything we actually paid for was bland... even the service!
Best dam BBQ period !\nSpudtatstic super taste\nBest Ribs in Vegas !\nWho dat !!!! Dustin !!!\nYou make Biggie  happy !!!
Stopped in before heading to Springsteen concert Wed. night.  Nice local tavern feel to it.  Staff was very helpful.  Decent beer selection.  Tried the Caswell Chicken Oscar sandwich on staff recommendation.  Good sandwich.  Cold Beer.  Good selection on the juke box.
Not awful, but I have had much better. I just can't help but compare to Chinatown LA. I must give them credit for having chow fun... or as they call it chow ho. Good service a well.
Good gelato place, but lacks traditional Italian flavors that I've grown to expect from a gelato place.  Very friendly staff and the location is nice, too.
The best in pizza in Pittsburgh, though it's very similar to Mineo's...just a bit better.
My experience was in buying a 3 gallon water bottle.\nit was overpriced. I later purchased two more of better quality and less money at a Water & Ice in Chandler. I was talked down to, told vending machine water is bad and his bottle was a better quality plastic.
Fun atmosphere. Good music.  Fire pits.  Horse shoes.  Staff always friendly.
As others have said, nice location and sitting on the patio is nice in the warm sunny months, but the food is not anything special.  Fried seafood, decent lobster roll, other non-impressive dishes.  good for a few drinks and a quick bite if in the area.
We were staying at the Bellagio just steps from this place, so I had my share... fantastic everything, really!  I read that the lines are long and confusing, but not when we were there.  A must on the strip.
I had a kitchen sink leaking and I called precision plumbing. Dustin Rush came and did an amazing and thorough job. He was very personable, friendly, and helpful. In addition he installed a new reverse osmosis system for me. Everything is running great and I'm happy!  Thanks Dustin!
We had a 4 day stay at the Rio and it was wonderful! The Penthouse is beautiful, the service was superb! All our needs were quickly taken care of!  Woot woot! We will be back!
was disappointed that several slightly used pieces i was looking at actually cost more than buying the same item completely new!! thank goodness for smart phones and being able to research things on the spot!! hopefully more consumers start doing that at places like this.
A must stop every time I am in Phoenix.
If you haven't tried this place you must!  Everything is good, but I had the bacon wrapped dates which were amazing!  Happy hour at the bar is fun as they give you little appetizers.  Totally recommend it but it does get busy.
This is a nice gas station. Everything seems clean inside and out. The store is well stocked and always had Vanilla Coke, which I am addicted to but have such a hard time finding in Vegas. They also have a car wash here that is pretty good for a drive thru style.
The kids, magazine and non-fiction sections are normal sized but there's hardly any room for fiction since they've turned a bookstore into a toy and useless crap store. Will I still visit this location? Sure but not if I'm browsing for a book.
Updating my terrible review from 5 days ago. The owner of the new Stephanie location personally called me to discuss my bad experience 5 days ago. With the location just opening & it being a busy Friday night it shows he cares taking the time out. I will return to check it out once more.
Foods pretty good, a little over priced. They have a happy hour where a few things are a little cheaper but they keep switching it around and it's not posted so hard to follow and bad business if you ask me. I think they just keep switching it around to throw you off, very annoying.
Meh. Really, no more than meh. Loosely wrapped burrito, mediocre ingredients. The \"mix it before we wrap it\" gimmick is silly and doesn't add anything. \nSorry, kind of harsh. But I take my burritos seriously.
Did not like...my burger was under cooked actually it was still breathing. YUK. Would have liked the burger if I was a vampire.
I see this place has mixed reviews, and I can understand what the complaints are. But I've never really had a issue. I've been coming here for years. Reasonable rates. Never have to wait long. Not the best mani/pedi I've ever received, but it's perfect for regular up keep.
lulu's is to asian food as cleveland is to pittsburgh.\n\n\neh, that doesn't completely make sense, but neither does the crowd at this place.
Wonderful spot in Parc-Ex! With a great atmosphere, food and people! They also do alot of good for the community.
Little pricey but very good!\nSeasonal ice cream 3 variations of Pumpkin really good. Also have apple dumpling.\nGreat place would visit more often if price was reduced or specials offered.
Went for breakfast. Carne Asada was good. Cheap breakfast that is worth leaving the hotel for.
Went here because it was featured on Triple D. \nService was good. And so was the Pizza. I was a little disappointed. Minus the brick oven I could have made better pizza at home. Perhaps if I try this place again I will try something else on the menu.
Hands down they have one of the best iced-chai that I've had! I strongly recommend it!\nEverything is excellent!
A great place to pick up your snack and beverage essentials for your room.  Don't forget to pick up bottles of waters so you can stay hydrated after a day of drinking!
Great little neighborhood bar and grill.  Friendly and good service, great food, I had the daily special and companion had the Philly cheese steak, plenty of good side choices not just the usual fries.  Food was great, atmosphere was friendly and they acted like they were real glad you came in.
I love Miro..one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. Small portions but its good for those watching their weight. I 've several times and had only 1 bad experience when I ordered the special, the fish was not so fresh but the food and service is usually splendid!
This place is huge and for a convention with 120K people and millions in heavy equipment I can't think of it being anywhere else.
We waited for 75 minutes and weren't even close to being seated. The front desk looked and acted clueless. It was truly unbelievable. We left hungry and frustrated. \n\nThe food looked really really good though.
Very disappointment. Nothing to do with what they show online. Once I got to the hotel they sent me far away from the main hotel and the room was so dirty, dusty and old, the bathtub in bad conditions. This place is worst than a cheap motel never coming back.
Beautiful place, mediocre food.  Frustrating since I drive past it every week wishing we had a great mexican place in the neighborhood.  Nearby Juan Jaime's is better and cheaper with 1/10th the attitude.
I don't know where everyone was but this is a rad little place. Pretty good food, cheap beers and quite delicious. Very personable staff as well. I enjoyed my visit.
Cuban sandwich was great and wow the fruit smoothie!  definitely going back..
Best prices in the valley; very helpful staff and tastings every weekend...Try the Chives 18 Scotch or Basil Hayden's Bourbon!
The Palm was the restaurant that we finished our Las Vegas trip with. I wish we started there. The service and the meal were excellent. A wonderful closure to a great trip.
I don't come here anymore because they are never the same ..when you eat here is hit or miss..that's pretty bad for an establishment and I used to brag about this place to everyone..
Not impressed. I'd rather have a Big Mac and fries at McDonald's. Can't understand why some rave about it.
Went there for a birthday party - the service was pretty ok. But the food serving was just unsatisfactory for the price. For the same price, I could have gotten a similar order but twice as much food. Nice location - but the kitchen needs to get on top of things.
Quick, helpful, and clean  what else do you want?
Food came in only 25 mins, there were friendly, and the food was great! Great Chinese delivery!
Best Chinese food in the area because I think it's the only Chinese food in the area. Hop on the metro and head to Chinatown, this place is expensive and really nothing special.
Don't joke with the girls... there is a zero tolerance policy and you will get kicked out!!! Seriously,  the place is sad.
Loved the gyro, friendly staff, great location and affordable prices.  Will definitely return.
Finding it to be a clean, quiet resort, in spite of it being filled with kids from the NJCAA track meet this weekend. Has the feel of a restored, character property with its arches and Adobe construction. Room is spacious and comfortable, and location is close to where we need to be.
Food was awesome,  we sat at the bar and Tara took care of us,  she filled us in on the menu and made suggestions, everything she suggested was amazing.  Nice little date night place reminded us of a place you'd go to in LA.
Just got home from picking up wings and a salad. Why would you pack a end of a bone?  Don't the employees look at the food before they serve it? No bueno.
Thursday is Tsunami Thursdays, an up and coming Thursday night event. This place is nice. I really like it! Excited to see what this place can become!
Hatte heute mitgenommen, es war sehr lecker und frisch.\nEin bisschen fester Rollen k\u00f6nnte man es da die Rollen fast aufgegangen sind und etwas mehr wasabi w\u00e4re auch gut
Before we moved to Vegas, I had never even heard of this place. Now, we tee everyone that comes to visit us to eat here. It is Amazing!! Be sure to order your burger \"animal style.\" Delicious!!!!!!!!!
This must have changed owners from the last time that we visited.  You now have to pay for refills for sodas and there was a hair in my food.  The waitress said that the manager was kind of mean so he wasn't going to discount our meal even though I couldn't eat it.
I must say that I was amazed that I had purchased a Groupon Now to use for lunch this afternoon and they were not even open.  It looks bland on the outside, I really could not see inside.  I get the feeling that I may have been better off not going inside (but may never know).
One of my favorite places! Love coming here for a laid back night with friends, to enjoy great food and awesome beer.
This Sears gets three stars for selection and pricing but it is old and needs to be remodeled. The restroom was not stocked at all. Only one soap dispenser had soap n it. Paper towel container was broken and hanging open. No seat covers and not much toilet paper. Not clean at all. Gross!
My daughter and I were in Edinburgh in October and had dinner at Black Bo's. This place was such a pleasant surprise. We felt so welcomed, so relaxed and the food is excellent. It's quaint, warm and delicious. I look forward to returning. Try this place, I am sure you will feel the same way.
I love this place. Old time dive. This is a place where everyone will know your name! Food is great. Amy, Ben, and Matt are amazing so is the rest of the staff!!! Awesome happy hour deals that can't be beat!!!
The worst experience ever! The \" ribeye\" was the worst! Waited for 1 and half and got piece of burnt meat!
This is based on the fact I have ordered Latte to go. I did not try their brunch so for now its a-ok. Proper review to come when i have properly experienced this place.
A group of friends and I tried it out (was my second time eating here) last week and we ALL got sick. We all had different things, and the food was greasy and gross. I do not recommend this place and I won't be back.
I have nothing but praise for the work of Taylor and Zach at Aniu for the hair and makeup styling they did for my wedding. They completely got what I was looking for and I felt pampered, beautiful and confident as a result. My wedding photos turned out beautifully and I am so happy I went with Aniu for my special day!!
Absolutely delicious. You won't be sorry if you go. But you will be sorry when your friends tell you how delicious it is and you don't go. Plus Crystal, one of the servers is amazing.
We were craving Thai and decided to give this place a try and WOW such good food! My husband and I stuffed ourselves until we were sick because every bite was so good. I had the red curry which was excellent and he had the duck and pineapple dish. You will not be disappointed with this place!
Tried the BBQ sandwich a few days ago, pretty good. Soup is still delicious. You can't beat these prices.
I got my regular espresso as expected.  Pretty much what I've come to expect from your run of the mill Starbucks.  They do what they do best which is provide a consistent experience.  I can see how at times they get a line but that can be said of any sbux everywhere you go.
Always great service, Ismael has is very friendly and knows what we want.  Food is good and priced right.  Since we do frequent this establishment we would love to see their menu change a bit.   New items to choose from.  Other than that.  Great food and service.
This place is awesome! Their drinks are amazing! You should make sure to dress warm because it's really cold in there. The coat that they give is not enough to keep you warm. It's a little pricier, but it's worth it. I will definitely will be coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
Big anchor stores and wonderful brands with above average selection.
Good beer although brewery tours are limited.\nBartenders need to be more attentive and more knowledgable on local beers
WORST SERVICE EVER! And they make you wait a stupid amount of time, good luck if you waltz in here with an emergency they'll treat you like you're at the DMV.
I have not one complaint about Bluebird Kitchen. They are quick, attentive, thorough and nice. Not to mention their sandwiches are sensational and very upscale for a Pixburgh sandwich that typically contains french fries. A little taste of France in the Pitts sounds like a fabulous way to spend my lunch hour!
The Japanese food was very goooood. \nThe menu were huge, and the sake perfect. Only point, the high prices ....
Awesome selection. Muchas gracias to the tattooed lovely for her timely assistance. She made an excellent recommendation of the Lake Louie Arena Premium ($10 and change) which will soon occupy my complete and undivided attention for the rest of the evening.
This is my favorite sushi place to order take-out or delivery. They include all of the sauces separately so your sushi isn't soggy by the time you eat. They also always include soy, ginger and wasabi. Their rolls are decently priced and I've always been happy with everything I've ordered!
Horrible drink prices. $18 mojito(weak) and $4 soda. Watch out for the \"entertainment tax\"($4.44) This a glorified casino bar charging nightclub prices.
This bar was terrible. The place was empty & the bartender was still too lazy to get up & take our orders. It was so bad that we had to go to another bar.
Expensive.   Good croissants.   Marginal service.  There are about a dozen tables.  $3.50 for bottle of water.
This is for the people living here. Perry is the most wonderful, delightful man. If you ever need anyone who is really looking to help and care for your problems contact Perry.
Tr\u00e8s beau petit resto pour les amateurs de tartares. Formule int\u00e9ressante ou l'on choisit sa viande et le style du tartare. Les service est tr\u00e8s correct et sympathique.
Check out the bakery cases before sitting down, you might want to save your appetite.  The salads are wonderful, and ordering a half sandwich and soup will be enough for dessert.
Tho Pho here is great! Broth tastes almost good as Pho So 1 :)\nthe restaurant is very empty around 4pm. (Maybe that is the only reason they have times to keep the place very clean all the time lol ) \n\nGood place!
Awesome place if you want to almost get hit by a car. An 8 year old can put together a more functional parking area.
Very few 80 music songs and when we went up to dance the security guard took our drinks. He did not offer to replace them..
LOVE it...Food is always so fresh, the bread is just fantastic. They bake it themselves there
This place was ok.  I'm not going to say I'm a huge fan nor am I not a fan either.  If I didn't want to walk further down or up the strip I'd eat here again.  There is a good variety and well very decent place to kill any hangover too :-)
Admittedly we were here during the Festival, so service and quality is not expected to be high. This place is simply a place for people who never have decent Italian food, and are happy with something in the neighborhood of Italian. I'd suggest a tattie or chips in a local pub for your money.
I heartily agree with Whitney H.  Stubhub is a ripoff.  I paid $150 for a $32 Trans-Siberian Orchestra ticket.  This is \"reasonable,\" Anthony Z.?  Stubhub promotes usury.  I will never use them again.  Also beware of Steve Jana, the seller.
The food here is OK, nothing more. They have really gotten chintzy with discounts from Restaurant.com, too, as you get very little discount for your money. Deli night is a joke, as they charge full buffet price for cold lunchmeat that I could buy at the grocery store.
If you want quiet and a private entrance into your hotel, this is the place to stay.  The room, the views, everything about this hotel is perfect.  At Christmas time the lobby is decorated lavishly.  Highly recommend for a romantic stay in VEGAS.
Great prices for great variety, taste, and portions! I always love coming here because the food is so flavorful. The desserts all look awesome as well. The times I have stopped by it has been pretty quiet but in a good way. Definitely a must go especially if you're in the area!
Burgers look great but been here 22 min and still waiting for fries and the place is dead with a ton of staff. Hope the burgers are worth it.... They were. The burgers were amazing and so were the fries. 3 stars because the wait was horrible.
The best sushi In town, cockers are real Japanese and the quality of the fish is super
By far the best beer bar in Vegas! Always an amazing selection of craft beers on tap and the tap takeovers are always a good time. The menu is top notch, but the Buffalo Chicken Mac & Cheese is a must have. The service has always been outstanding also. Great bartenders!
went to get my nails done for the first time today. I was not impressed. They used the rotary file to file the tips, and burned my finger, every nail was filed crooked. I have a good mind to go get my money back!
I don't normally review grocery stores but if your looking for a good flower department go elsewhere (Shea & 92nd St.). The flower lady is a miserable human being to deal wiith. Just miserable. One of those people that can easily ruin your day.
Terrible...service took forever...food was cold, meat very chewy and over cooked...no flavor...place was filthy looking, tables so wobbly almost spilt drinks just moving, cigarette burns in booths. I would never step foot in this place again. Should be closed!!!
Great simple, affordable, and authentic. 'nuff said. \n\nThe entrance is misleading, there is more seating in the back.
I thought this was the closest location to me, but it isn't! \n\nI only like the chicken tacos and green sauce, pretty good. Not tex mex though!
While typically a fan of quick Mexican food, Zabas is my least favorite of similar style eateries. The flavors are bland and leave little to want to go back. The one positive is their chips. They are very tasty. But if looking for this style of food I would look for Chipotle or Qdoba.
Getting my hair fixed.  Right side is 1 to 1 1/2\" longer!\n\nTime to stop paying for \"quick and easy\" and get a real haircut from a real stylist. \n\nNice people.
So I've ordered pizza a couple of times from Fuel. Both times have asked for extra cheese. Must say pretty lame, very thin layer. Not worth it, will look for pizza delivery from someone else.
Ok. This is obviously not the Cadillac Ranch anymore, but the mechanical bull is still there. And the prices too. The food is not terrible nor is it tasty either. Just average. Which is strange because it is eye appealing. Just the taste is not there. I recommend going else where overall.
Fairway bar and grill except there is no grill just cold cut sandwiches and $8.19 draft beer. But the beer was my fault because the price isn't on the menu and I didn't ask.
The owners and service is very nice here. I come here regularly and I can always expect everybody to be incredibly friendly. The food is also exceptional.  From crab legs to fried fish, the restaurant is sure to offer a high quality meal for a reasonable price.
I really wanted to love everything about this place.  Unfortunately, it fell short in the food department!  The ambiance is spectacular . . . and that's about it.
I have been to Tott's many times and I have tried almost all the dishes on the menu. KungPao and Angel Hair soup on the menu are amazing. Great for college students.
I have to admit a little sticker shock when I saw the prices, but took the plunge, and I am so happy I did. I am pleased to report the food was actually worth the price.
The service was great but the food was all right.  I've been to several Qdoba's and this one was just not up to par.
I have been taking my car here for two years and feel that I've been treated very well. Jack and Corrine take good care of their customers. They stand behind their work I feel it's a very honest shop. \n\nMy boyfriend takes his car here too and has been treated very well.
I did not eat here, I was looking through Yelp to find a place to eat and I noticed this place had a coupon - so I clicked on it and Ya .. it said Happy Veteran's Day - Vets get 0% off ..... disappointing.
A stunning building...\nExams to graduation...\nUni centrepiece.
I don't know why i have been here more than once, but the parking is horrible, and the food is only so-so.  lots of color and flare but not much going for it.  the baja sauce is great but i seem to get sick later that evening when i eat it.  i need to learn from experience
Yum! I got a four pack of baby cupcakes for less than $5! Red velvet and birthday surprise were delish, and while they were tasty, I could not tell a difference between the chocolate chip and the chocolate cheesecake. Kind of out of the way but really a nice treat.
Michelle & Irina were awesome! They were quick & easy to work with especially since I live out of state. everyone gave such positive comments about my hair & makeup. My wedding pictures proved that they are very professional artists!!!!
Great space. Came to pick up my bib for the R&R Marathon. Stopped at Tortilla's Mexican Food inside and it was delicious! Chicken taco plate was pretty good!
We stopped in for breakfast and were pleasantly surprised.   I had the Greek omelet and it was outstanding!   Great service and affordable.
My iphone 5 's screen was broken and I shown it to them. They took  around 20 minutes to fix it . Very efficient! Now my iphone looks like a new one.
Lamb burger was terrible.  Bread was too hard, the lamb burger patty lacked flavor and all you taste is salt.  It came with a home made ketchup which was too sweet.  Fries were great.  Good wine selection.  My colleague had the meatloaf and he thought that was excellent.
First time ever spending 80 dollars on a steak... I'm your typical guy who doesn't care about steak, until I stepped into this place.  Worth every bite, yes alittle pricey for the average joe.  Would rather do buffet if you know what I mean.  Only good if your boss pays for it!
I've lived here three years in 3 different units but now I own and I can't say I've ever enjoyed living any other place in life better than I love living here!
It's junk food what do you expect! I don't eat there much when I do in only really like there mini corn dogs. The reason they get 2 stars is cause it takes them 10 mins for a drive through order that is with no one ahead of you.
We have been eating at the Carolina Ale House on a regular basis.  We both love the fried chicken salad.  Service can be fair to good at times.  Rarely have we had a great server.
Great place they treat you like royalty.  For sure i will be back
Oreo donuts tasted pretty good. The baked goods did not give me an orgasm but is a little more fun than dunkin donuts
Terrible. That is one word to describe this place. Terrible service, beds, pillows, etc. Don't waste your time. Trust me. I wish I can give them 0 stars.
Love the bottomless chipps/salsa and the queso dips.  I ordered a steak that had bacon on it and it was very good.  I have always enjoyed Chilis and this was just another good experience.  Good food, good service, good times.
I stop by this location daily on my way to work, staff is always friendly and just about all know me by first name.  This location does get very busy, but they try to keep up as good as they can.
This place sucks. Be careful when making reservations you have to tell them you want the grill.  40 bucks for dragon roll...come on. 25 bucks for four pieces of sushi. Should have went to Mandalay Bay or Luxor for some fine seafood.
A little pricey  for the best tasting pizza.  Happy Hour specials are good, and it makes for a great place to snack after leaving the bars :)
This isn't really a fair review since I was here for a work event at 7P, but I'll just go along with the crowd and say that this place is undersized, understaffed, and underwhelming.
Indian food done well. Friendly service and great atmosphere.
This is a solid neighborhood place.  My BBQ brisket was very good.  Always friendly service here at the bar.
Old school deli is pretty good but not the best I've ever had or anything. I still don't think anybody can beat Harris Teeter as far as subs go....the chips & \"dip\" we ordered were just chips from a bag with a side of ranch lol
they delivered a mac&cheese hot dog and a black bean burger to my home and it's wonderful. So fast and so tasty!
It has decent stuff but overpriced in my mind. I know its Vegas and its in a hotel and it's famous but still.
Was in town for work and was in desperate need of a haircut - and I had a fabulous experience!  All of the staff were very friendly, and my hair stylest, Claire, did a great job.  I would highly recommend this salon to anyone.
Always good service and great deals on organic, good food.\nQuick tip, go here for Lunch! Sandwiches are $3 and awesome.
This is good old fashion service. I had a broken washer. I explained the problem over the phone to a technician and instead of coming out and charging me a service trip, he was honest and told me it needed to be replaced. Any company willing to forego profit to maintain integrity can have my business!
Seriously underwhelmed.  Great location on the strip but goes downhill fast.  Bad margaritas.  Very bland food.  Overpriced because of the location.  With all the Vegas food options, avoid this place.
food selection same as all the thai resturant in charlotte.i ordered yum tum soup..to greasy all i had in my soup is mushroom.nice place for friendly family dinner!they also have sushi!!
The food is SUPER salty and fattening. Everything is covered in oil. The amount if truffle oil is ridiculous. The only thing that saves this place is the service\n Extremely nice people. I won't come back
Grade: B-\n\nCheap drinks. Good food. College bar.
This place was awful.  The server couldn't get the order right, cooks are yelling from the back that food has been in the window for 5 minutes, and the management thinks we are going to pay for that?  \nWe walked out to find two servers and a cook talking outside.  Sad establishment.
I should have been warned by the fact the place was more than 1/2 empty on a Saturday at noon. Service & decor are good But the pizza was not. Overcooked and brittle,served luke warm and very little cheese. Taste OK but nothing special,rather bland. Overpriced for what you get.
Another fast delivery and my two friends of asian descent said it was good-not great or craveable but having delivery makes it desirable. 3 1/2 stars, rice could be better.
Denise is great. I felt super comfortable and the product she uses is the best (that I have experienced). I was pleasantly surprised. I have found my new spray tanning gal!!
It was under construction, was hoping for some fun ambience and a cool design in our mochas and lattes but that didn't happen. So so. Starbucks would've been better.
I love this resort and this bar is no exception!  Beautiful decor, great service and excellent drink selections!
So during your stay, $200 are taken out from your credit card incase you break something in the hotel... when i checkedout they said the money would be returned my account in a few days. well its been 13 buisness days and still no money. found out it was given to the wrong account!
Great atmosphere, sushi tasted great, and the customer service was excellent! I recommend sitting at the sushi bar.\n*order the extra spicy tuna*\nWill be returning with my wife on many more occasions.
Worst place ever I love port of subs but this location! I should have known when walking in there and no one there! There where flys to and nothing looked fresh! I can't even finish my meal I'm disgusted never going back ! 0 stars but have to select one :/ horrible!
Not the hotel of my choice, but definitely fit the bill for sleeping accommodations. The desk staff was pleasant and very helpful in helping us find food at 9:30pm on a Monday night.
Hungry for sushi, and in Vegas ... got pointed here.  \n\nHit the happy hour, and there is a decent selection of things for cheap.  Was good, but the rolls were smaller than I am used to.  But $5 hot sake and Kirins, $5 rolls and sushi - who cares.
Haven't been here for a while; still great service and great food; had rice noodle soup...Yummy...
I don't know how to rate them. The hours are not correct on yelp. Only open Monday thru Friday 7-3. I came on a Saturday even though it was an office building. I was hopeful they were open based on the reviews and menu. I drove in from SC.
Everything about this place is pretty dam good. I haven't one thing that didn't impress me. Also you can't beat $5.99 for a Gyros, frys, and a drink. Also had their hummus is really really good, Highly recommend this place.
$4 Corona on a Sunday night?  This did not even feel like the same bar as the 8th St location by ASU campus.  Nothing but d-bags and ladies playing dress-up.  One beer and out.
Pizza and Caesar salad were great, pretty neat place to get a quick eat
Awesome place! Ask for Missy most amazing person!:-) Food was good but service was absolute the best!
Friendly service, dinner was ok....a bit expensive for what it is. The pretzel bites were awesome and so was the kale salad. Will eat here again, but choose a less expensive meal.
Excellent. Staff, food, service, quality, freshness delish. Excellent prices.
Not really impressed.  I spent nearly $10 for two tacos, rice beans and a drink.  The tacos were okay, kind of bland actually.  For the money I feel like I could do better elsewhere.
I was very impressed with the promptness and knowledge that My technician, Zack showed on my first service call.  He explained everything and took great care to advise me about the area (I am new to AZ) and showed great care for my pets and home.
Delicious food, nice, clean atmosphere. Not too busy, especially since Saturday brunch-time, were seated right away.  Good price and very friendly staff. Definitely would recommend.
Place is very clean and friendly service. I love the chicken Pho and the spring rolls are to die for. I highly recommend giving this place a try. Everything was fresh and made to order.
And know apology from you, the owner, shame on you! \nRead my review I did state you were out twice. It's not you or your company it's unfortunately your estimator Jim and I would suggest that customers ask not to have him out till he learns how to call or text a customer!
Craft beer selection is second to none here in Las Vegas.  Keep a look out for there festivels and events.  Great barteners that a very up on the beers they have on tap.
Decent food, pretty decent service...but it was hot in the restaurant, the medium had no spice whatsoever (although my husband appreciated that), and the service was a little slow. Maybe, if there is a next time, it will be better.
Great happy hour. Fantastic prices.  Fun music and videos. A must stop by bar with a good neighborhood feel.
I love this place! They have three bouldering caves and enough wall space to accommodate beginners and expert climbers together without having it feel too cramped. The staff are friendly and approachable in either language and add to the good ambiance of the place.  Excellent route setting keeps you challenged and never bored.
I went to Vegas for my 30th Birthday. My sister told us about Garduno's Mexican Restaurant at The Palms Hotel. It was good. the service was good. I would come here again.
Always get great service here!  We usually take a table in the bar section & get seated right away.  Good chips & salsa.  Great margs & my husband loves that with a shot of premium tequila a little mini corona beer is included.  Good food at good prices.  Try the Pollo Rico!
Excellent Sushi, great service & amazing happy hour!  The only think I would suggest is gluten free soy sauce so I don't have to bring my own.
This is a small farmer's market. The variety is minimal. The atmosphere is very friendly though. It is fun for the kids, but if you want to actually shop, not too good.
Unbearably slow and not nearly as good as Chipotle.\n\nThe line in front of me today at the noon hour was ten deep and four of those people were placing orders for their office, so the ten I saw were equivalent to 30 orders.
Delicious, juicy and tasty chicken. Very simple menu but they do it well. It's like the In-N-Out of fried chicken. The texas toast is awesome and that sauce, whatever it is. nommmmm. Would go back a whole bunch if I wanted to be the fattest person on earth.
Was a Hot n Juicy fan at first, but then drifted over this way, and i have to say, this is the new place for me!  The atmosphere is much more comfortable and the food was great!  will totally be back!
Love working out here, I really enjoy this location. It is quiet and peaceful and I don't feel weird or uncomfortable working out here. The people here are very friendly. A much more hands on experience especially working with a personal trainer, rather then going to the over priced larger gyms. I work out here 3 times a week.
This place smelled burned walking in. They didn't have some of the items on the menu and I had to end ordering fish tacos. They took forever to make them and when I got em they didn't taste like fish tacos at other locations. This place is on its way down....
Got the much praised fish and chip and was pretty disappointed - the batter was so thick that the taste of fish was integible, I wound up removing some of the batter to get a taste of the fish, which definitely lacked salt. I have to give props to the tartar sauce - different and pretty interesting.
Surprising Good food by a restuarant one would expect to highlight view and little else.  Great Veal Chop and Excellent Service.
Great dj, played really good hip hop. Good crowd all the way around, and my bartender was awesome. You could tell they had good customer service training.\n\nThe Bank salvaged my Saturday night, which started at a terrible spot. I will definitely go back when I'm in town.
There is nothing better than an \"Eliza Slushie\" from Mamas right after a Hot! workout!! =)). Hands down my \"feel good\" restaurant! See you there.
We went for thr first time today, no dogs, but it was early and not hot yet, oh well.  People are obviously not cleaning up after their dogs and no grass, only gravel?  We won't be back.
The food was good with a decent selection, not amazing. The atmosphere isn't anything special. It's not lively, especially for Vegas. Went with a groupon, so it was a good price. Otherwise it is overpriced
I stayed here on a previous trip to Vegas.  Place is fabulous!   Impressive rooms and facilities.   LOVED IT!!
Food was excellent menu selection is huge! one of the best I've been too!
Lamb kabob plate with humus, rice and a delicious Greek salad.  Chicken gyros for my two comrades.  Very tasty and surpassed expectation.  $49 with tip.  Very busy at lunchtime but the food came out  in 10 minutes.  The lamb was cooked well and flavorful.  The comrades loved the salad.
Awesome group of ladies serving up great coffee. Amazing space and nice chill coffee shop vibe.
The food was decent, but the service was awful. There were easily 8 servers on the floor, and I could not get anyone to stop long enough to refill my drink.
The NY restaurant is much better.  We were eating here often, but it got boring quickly. The staff are great and the location is good for people who drive into Pittsburgh. I'd like to see some the dishes that make the NY restaurant great.
Omg!! I got a gift card for Chipotle. Tried and now I never want to go anywhere else. This place is fantastic. I love the pork carnitas. Most of staff is very nice. Depends on what time of day it is.
Went to mario batali's @ the palazzo the night before and this place whipped his ass.  The food was awesome and out of the kitchen in about 4 minutes.
These guys are always super helpful, get me in whenever I need to in a pinch and will always check out my tires and even plug them if I get a nail - at no charge! Wouldn't think of going elsewhere for oil and tires!
I love the Beef Pho and would have loved the spring rolls too if not for the overpowering mint taste - my friend had no trouble fixing this problem for me btw. I will be back once it's under 100\u00b0 again - because seriously, soup in the summer just sucks.
Clean. Great quality. Wide selection of colors and styles. Had a great experience and will return. Shout-out to Don the nail tech!
Pretty light on things to see and do, we were  in and out the door in about 20 minutes. We went on a culture pass from the library; I would have been unhappy if I had paid to get in.
Great view overlooking the strip way overpriced got two non alcoholic drinks a shrimp cocktail and a side Caesar salad and the bill was $37
This is one of our favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh (along with Seviche). It is a little pricey, but the quality of the food (from mostly local sources), the preparation methods, and the services is outstanding. Highly recommend it.
Trop-Aquarium has a wonderful selection of fish and they are very reasonably priced BUT good luck getting an employee in this store to even acknowledge you exist much less help you purchase some fish.  WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!!!
First time there today to grab a pie to go. Friendly Service. Fast Service. The Pie was pretty darn good. I'll be back sometime soon. Give the place a try. I think you will like it too.
Cappuccino in a bowl - my favorite!  Best for brunch over looking the fountains.  If it's not too cold outside, wait for outside seating. It's worth the wait!
Ok, I know it's Vegas and everything is expensive, but these were just mediocre over priced deli sandwiches and small soggy potato pancakes.  However, as in most casino spots, the staff trips over themselves to make sure that you have everything that you need and that you aren't waiting for good service.
Mesa does not have a lot of fine dining, so Blue Adobe is really a gem.  I love the Vegetarian Chimichange and the fish tacos.  But perhaps my favorite part of the meal is the dinner salad.  They really know how to put together greens.  I highly recommend the entire experience.
Bought a groupon and thought I would give this a shot.  The beans and rice were fine but the meat seemed to be of a low quality.  I will not go back and wouldn't recommend.
Smelled like pee, had tweekers standing outside looking like they couldn't wait to break into your car the minute you walked inside & no one noticed us or seated us so we left. Won't go back there ever again.
If I can add a half I totally would be at a 3.5 on this place.  The Mexican food is probably the best I have had in Phoenix.  The price is very good.  The service was fair, skip the guac but I would recommend two magaritas.
One of my favorite Thai restaurants.   The Tom Yum is really very authentic and I enjoy the gai gatiam pad thai or garlic chicken.    I have not been back since I turned vegetarian, but know I can get some excellent vegi dishes.   Service and take out is great.   Strongly recommend.
Yummy good Tex Mex.  The lime salad dressing is delightful.
I like everything about this company - from the quick returned calls to the best price in the valley to taking the time to explain their plan of attack to taking care of my fire ant problem and to working around our busy schedules.  I would definitely refer them to a friend.
I've been coming to Taste of China since moving to Gilbert in 1999, and I have never been disappointed, whether eating in or ordering out. Service is great, food is great, and prices are affordable. Two must-try dishes are the House Chicken and Orange Chicken
Great to eat lunch by the pool.  The Pizza Marinara was probably one of the better pizzas I have ever had.  The service was good, but not great.  The scenery and the food was worth it though.  If you are staying at te Venetian or Palazzo definitely give it a try.
Love this buffet. We stayed at the california and walked right over to main street. Lots and lots of choices. We literally ate breakfast at 9am and stayed till lunch time. Awesome breakfast choices from the eggs, omelets and pancakes. Great for kids and large groups!
Absolutely one of my favourite Vietnamese/Chinese restaurants in Phoenix if not my favourite. I grew up in a Vietnamese/Cantonese household so I might be a bit biased but everything from the Goi Cuon to the Pho is delicious. I would definitely recommend it!
We went here for a friends birthday during restaurant week. It was pretty yummy. I really liked their banana cream pie. The crust was nothing short of amazing. I'd go back again, for sure.
Best Late night Ox tail soup in downtown Las Vegas
1 pound Boneless wings are not a great value.  Felt ripped off.  Service was fine, but pricey for what you get.
Ok ,,,, I haven't been to this restaurant in about three years I went back thinking it was going to be the same O same O(which I loved) it turned out to be a very big disappointment;( won't be back plus they were rude
Went to the party room for a reception.   We got to sample a bunch of the food.   It was so good!  The service was great also.   Will definitely return!
The Encore is nice.  It is a step above the Wynn, but allows for easy access to it so you can easily pass back and forth between the two hotels.  The Tower Suites are nice and the view from the top floors is stunning.    Room service is good and service is excellent.
I called about the deal they are running, and the douchebag that answers the phone was very rude.  I wish I was in front of him, I would have uppercut him.
Just finished my last bite of the fresh grouper. My company got the rib eye. Both dishes were absolutely perfect and interesting in their own way. This is a small, quiet treasure. Our server Patrick was a nice server. Highly recommended.
Thank you to Daniel, the manager, for being SO attentive, informative, and knowledgable.  He repeatedly took me outside to compare lenses and made sure I understood every charge and aspect of ordering my glasses.  I didn't need an exam today but I was still treated like a special customer.  Thanks!
Portions are large, pizza was average. Place was moderately busy, so service was slow. I will not be in a hurry to come back.
I like Del Taco better than Taco Bell. I also like their selection better but I don't like the fries or burgers. They should stick to the tacos and burritos They have many tacos to choose from I like the Macho Taco and Del Carbon.
Came here for happy hour, pretty good food for a good price.  I would like to come back for dinner next time.
Awesome all you can eat sushi! Super close to my place too! Sushi is super good and fresh! Place is kinda small so need to go early or call in advance!
It could be good or be great depending upon what your interested in and who's promoting that eve and/or what major happenings are going on in Vegas.  Decent layout for a lounge but sometimes the bar can be a tad crowded and challenging to get a drink.  Drinks are decent.
place is great try to take my family there as much as I can even if you don't like kiss its great
Great fresh Indian food with great service...found this place on YELP as we were leaving Scottsdale to go to LA.
Love Jamba juice!! Stop in one day at 7pm ish and it was happy hour! Not sure if they still offer it but regardless I would still come in to get my fix! Try the WHITE GUMMY BEAR!
I used AZ Keys a few times now. He came out to my office in Tempe, fixed an issues I was having with my door and made me a few copy's of the key for me. Levi (the owner) is a great guy, price was fine and best of all he was on time!
The girl who worked in the Starbucks lacked customer services, unfriendly and are very rude. Not the kind of service I typically gets at Starbucks.
I've had a copy of Jingle All The Way since it came out and they haven't charged me a late fee yet. Talk about refusing to enforce the laws.
Don't bother going here to watch the NFL unless you're a Packers fan.  Refused to turn up volume in a room full of Bears fans so we could actually hear the game.
I love Starbucks, but this location isn't the best. Most of the time my drink either tastes off or their staff doesn't really listen to requests.
Food was good, service was great. Nice atmosphere
Some of the worst food I've ever had. I would not be surprised if whoever came up with the recipes they serve had no tongue.
The place is pretty cool but a little creepy, reminds me of that movie Cabin Boy from 1994 with Chris Elliot, man that was a bad movie. Anyway they serve the beers in stemed goblets and there is a small dance floor. Didnt try the food but it smelled okay.
The service is very good.  The prices are ok.  The meat could be marinated or flavored a bit more and they don't seem to spread the meat and vegetables evenly in the pita sandwiches.  Otherwise, not a bad place to eat.
Under new management and ownership.  Was there last night for my first time in months and the new owner was walking around everywhere with a beer in his hands talking to his employees like crap as though he was king shit or something.  NOT impressed at all and I will not be back there.
I use Push all the time and refer my clients to get an IV. The nurses are always on time and friendly. Great experience.
Brian{Syvrud} was patient, available, creative, professional... truly a delight to work with! \nGreg Dunlap} did an excellent job communicating and managing the construction project beginning to end!
Very decent rice plates at reasonable prices. I've come here multiple times when it's busy to order take out, and it still gets done in under 10 minutes! Steaming hot when I pick it up, and still very hot after a 30 minute drive home!
I've eaten a lot of pizza in my lifetime... This is the freakin best I've had!! Create your own and be amazed with your own creation!!...whatever it may be...
We go here all the time, love the food. Last night, we waited over 30 minutes for a table. There were over 10 empty tables but supposedly you did not have enough servers. Really, you have good business, buck up and hire more staff. The table we ended up sitting at had been empty and cleaned for 25 minutes.
Best gyros (hard g) in Pittsburgh
Although the food here has always been impressive on many visits, i have to say im a bit dissapointed to see my favorite dish go from $17.95 to $27 in the space of a couple years....
We really enjoyed our time at Monte Carlo.   It's in a good location and service is very good.
The food has always been good. This review is to echo the numerous other reviews about poor customer service.  Please address this at all levels...  It sucks when you really want to be a regular, but roll the dice when you sit down.
Enjoyed the show, a little boring without any story but still cool acrobatics and big pool of water which the show takes place around.
I love their hula pack with sesame chicken! If I'm on that side of town and they are open I will stop by.
This is a throwback to an old school burger joint.  Prices are on the high side for a not so gourmet burger and the service was lacking.  Went once a four years ago and tried it again recently.  I probably will not be going back again.
just try the pretzels!!!!!!! they are heaven.
I am a fan of the medium size crispy chicken deluxe extra value. At $3.87 it is a bargain. So, usually when I head north and I am in the Wendy's mood I.ll dine here.\n There is plenty of parking. The restaurant is never packed.
Some of the most amazing fried catfish and mac 'n cheese I ever had.
A little different than what I'm used to but, I love Gina's class.
Wow, nice surprise! The variety and quality of food were great, I do not drink alchocol, so not comments on that. I will definitely come back!
Whatever you do, WAIT in line, it's worth every expensive penny!
All they sell is overpriced crap. Why would I pay full retail for a not so gently used dress? Their way of having everything set up by color is a horrible. It's not even worth the time to go through everything. I will definitely not be returning to this store.
Probably one of the worst restaurants in Charlotte. No Joke. The service is horrible. Bad attitude, not helpful and lazy. The food tastes like cheap frozen boxes.. The view is great, but don't eat there.
Horrible crooks !!! These people are con artists and are now impersonating another moving company with good reviews to get clients ! Please file a complaint online with the attorney general if they have scammed you and damaged your items.
Avoid this BK...bad food, bad service..gotten wrong order last two visits. ..help surly when told of mistakes. .Mgr very defensive...would not provide phone number to voice complaints
Still great wings and a great staff.
Great experience at the Griffin. Good music, good bartendars, and nice atmosphere!
Out of Hefe-Weizen?  That's not cool.  Otherwise, beers were decent and the Irish Stout is probably their most appealing beer for craft beer lovers.  I was able to get free samples and it was a nice touch to have my pint to go in a plastic cup for mall shopping.
Love their coffee and food! Very friendly staff.  I just wish they had more seating:-(
this is the only time I have had a medium rare burger that was cooked medium rare. great selection, great burger and lots of beers. Oh and awesome Sweet Potato Fries
Good food...but won't return because they sell shark fin items. And I don't believe in finning a shark and because I don't know how it was harvested (properly or not) I won't be returning to eat there.
I like the atmosphere almost as much as the small plates. It's busy and lively, and the waitstaff are helpful and friendly without being overly familiar or intrusive. The food is fantastic! We tried 5 dishes and loved them all.
Once again , my life is fresh and new All because we had the carpets cleaned. I love Brett!! He makes appts. on short notice , shows up on time ,gets the work done and as the little midget lady said in Poltergeist \"this house is clean\".
$15 for 3 slices and a large soda.  Mediocre pizza. Soda was good.  Service was fine. You decide if it's right for you.  I won't be back.
Good place to stay.. Away from strip but u wil have 24 hours buses to strip.. Shark aquarium is highlight for this hotel... Rooms r good.. U wil njoy stay
A smaller nordstrom rack.. maybe the smallest ive been to. But as always has a lot of items to look for and since there is a lot of designer not the epic sales you hope.. but there are always some staple pieces you cant live without.
The yoga is really great....the problem is the bathrooms are very dirty.  I dont think the shower has ever been cleaned and if you go into the bathroom bare footed, your feet will be black-literally.   All the ladies comment on how dirty the bathroom is, but it's never cleaned:(
Popped into the bookstore for a bit to make some time pass while my wife was nearby in an appointment. Surprise, there's a small coffee shop here in a space that could well be a closet.\n\nBut the coffee was better than the stuff they sling at *$ and it wasn't any more expensive.
This place is pretty chill and relaxing ! I have been here twice and the last time I was here they had glow in the dark bowling which is pretty awesome ! The environment is cozy, the staff is friendly !
Intimate ambiance with good farm to table fare. Good presentation and wine pairings. Outdoor area is nice, though as others have pointed out, there's basically no lighting back to the parking lot after dark.
Zachary is the best!  He provided the best customer service experience I have had anywhere  in a long time!  And of course the food is good here too.  :)
The food is good - both breakfast and lunch, however every time we have eaten there, it is a little slow.  One time we were there for 30 minutes after we finished eating - waiting for the bill.  Seems to happen quite often.
the food was fast clean fresh tasty,house fried rice rocked ,delivery dude was kool . i would do it again
This place has terrible service!  They cannot deliver a pizza in under an hour and always say it's a few minutes away if you call to check on it after waiting an hour and a half..  If it weren't for the fact that no other pizza places around here deliver as late, I would never order from this place!
I can see why this place inspires adulation in all the reviewers.  I don't go out in Chandler that often, but given how great this place was, I might be tempted to go out in Chandler again.\n\nWell, on second thought...\n\nbut this place is great.
Amazing food. Great beer. Can host a business dinner or a date night. Prepare your carnivorous desires and stay a while for the atmosphere.
Even though my draft Yuengling tasted way off and made me terribly sick, the wings here are, genuinely, the best ones I've ever eaten, ever. And I would definitely come back for those wings at any point.\n\nAnd in the future, I'd just steer clear of draft selections!
Generous portions and ample vegetarian choices made this spot a great place to celebrate a friend's birthday.  The service was good, the food came out very quickly, and the price was just about right.
One of the best Thai restaurants in town.
If you need a hat, this is where to go.
Pretty good craft your own then weigh it froyo joint
As the name suggests they have great biscuits and great breakfasts I had the omelet and my wife had the eggs Benedict they were great, only compliant\n is its a bit oily
This place was pretty good and friendly service. I had the chow fettecini while my wife had the quesadilla w/ bulogi...and we split a 1/2 nachos lol. We were hungry :) Bathroom needs to kept up though. Still overall good experience from California visitors :)
The absolutely most delicious Cajon food I have ever eaten.   Great family atmosphere,  friendly staff and yummy drinks.  My favorite restaurant of all times!
The food is great but the service is not very good. My sister and I have been waiting for our order for fifteen minutes, we've been watching it sit in the kitchen (the entire order) for about five. There is no line, and there are at least three people working the front counter.
Stopped here while visiting from out of town on a clear chilly day. It was Beautiful and the snow covered ground was neat! It appears to have some history here along with a lake, raptor museum etc and other things we didn't get to explore.
Had the pork combo burrito and it was almost devoid of any flavor other than the chile sauce. Maybe this is how New Mexico does it, but I was not impressed.
Fast. Reliable. Amazing.\n\n\nMax and his company and the best in Wickenburg!
Great place to eat. I loved the atmosphere as well as the fact that they buy their food locally. Props to them for keeping business local. Great twist on traditional Mexican food. I kind of loved the old church feel. I have already been telling my friends to come check it out.
PF Changs is to Chinese as Olive Garden is to Italian.  Restaurant is good only if you don't know much about Chinese food.  Quality of food is good and service is also very good.  I have ZERO patience for the waiter droning on and on while they mix sauces at my table.
I will never rent from Fox again. We just rented a compact . Along with other customers who had reservations, we waited over one hour in line. Then another 15min downstairs waiting for the car. The car was fine. The wait was not. Not worth the few dollars saved at Fox.
Hmm...yummy coconut curry with chicken is defintely one to try here.  This is place has good Thai for Madison.  Another favorite place of mine that has never let me down either in price, service, or quality of food.
I went there early in the morning so it was busy so i felt bad for not knowing exactly what i wanted and holding up the line. The guy on the other side of the counter was super nice and patient and helped me out. I would go back again.
Excellent pallamillo steak salad with local beer. Stick at Clt we spent a lovely two hours here \nBest at the airport.
Beautiful park. Safe. Kid friendly. Pets on leashes welcome. Huge space to play. Shaded, newer playground equipment.
Horrible! Read on the internet that this was a great place. Sadly it is dead and boring. Not where I would recommend on a Saturday night. Bartenders seem like they could care less about their patrons.
Nyoshi's replacement Niyo has the great Japanese hibachi food you are used to with a new clean and updated look. The food, service and atmosphere were top noch.
Excellent korean bbq tacos, quick service from friendly proprietor made this an awesome, cheap lunch.
The Carne Asada burrito was a lot better a couple years back when they use to put chunks of meat in the burrito instead or the thin sliced stuff they have in it now. It's still a good burrito though and not a bad place
Great drinks but don't bother with the food. We have eaten here twice and there was nothing on the plate that made me want to come back.
Went there on a saturday night.  Super loud, crazy music, and people all hovering in front of the flavors.  Too chaotic.  Yogurt not particularly good (and it does NOT take a particularly good version to please me.  Dissapointing - just ok.
We love the 25 year aged balsamic and the chocolate balsamic. The chocolate balsamic in particular is great on strawberries and cream or peaches and cream. We bought from them when they had a little kiosk at the Seventh Street Public Market. See you soon! We ran out!
Spectacular service and nice waiters. The food was great and I got the peas paratha and the gobi manchurian. The restaurant was spick and span. Great environment and nice pictures on the wall.
Always a great time. Great food & great service. I recommend the Top shelf guacamole. Also try the pescado tacos
I loved it, met the owner who was there and he was a delightful host. Lot of food choice here .  I would like to try new items next visit.  Good friends eat there often and like the place as well.  Has a local following.
They pour great drinks and tons of bar options . Street tacos like being in Mexico. Definately aa kepper if you're not looking for fancy but want a good time. Definately recommended.
Amazing food at a very reasonable price. Great atmosphere and service. I eat here on a regular basis and have never been let down. Highly recommended.
After leaving a review voicing my concerns, I was quickly contacted by the CEO of wildflower bread Company,  he was very concerned about my experience and wanted further details to ensure the problem was taken care of.  This is the type of company and company philosophy that garners my support.
Closed as of 12/5/09 =(  Really tragic, as this was by far the best coffee shop in town...sigh
Food and service was great! Like the selection of drinks on the happy hour menu. Prices were a bit too high to go any other time than happy hour.
Fresher noodles you may not find in this town, I tried the steamed vegetable dumplings and the chicken noodle soup - loved it! But careful the portions are big but the staff box it nicely and it still that's great next day :)\nAlso the mango bubble tea was tasty.
i love the food here!very expensive,the service is very slow,only one food server,i really dont like to wait around for 40 minutes for food when i work all day without lunch plus i have to pay a food that expensive!not worth of my time,lots of restaurant out there folks who will care for good customer service!
Great pizza, great service, nice location close to work!
This seems to be a busy location, at least during lunch time. Service was prompt and employees were cordial.
We ate there twice, the kids wanted to go back for a third time before we left town.
The food is really good there but the drive thru takes FOREVER. Wow! Not good if you have a short lunch break.\n\nI would recommend getting the bacon avocado burger but it may be faster to just go in, order and leave instead of going through the drive thru.
Hands down the best pork belly bao in Las Vegas!!! The Won Ton Soup also a winner...add noodles for $2 more.  Another champion dish is the sesame noodles....add pork belly!!! Love this place!!!
A beautiful location in Old Montreal overlooking the river and Habitat 67. Very good service. Tasty food. I can't put my finger on why, but I rate this at 4 stars, not 5. I'm glad I went but perhaps all the hype is over the top. Still, a great meal.
Iced Caramel Latte. For the freaking win.
I love the buccos, win or lose.  Going to the games are always a good time, and when they are on TV at the bar, I always find myself happy to enjoy my meal and watch the game.  Gotta love them battling bucs.  Please just let me see one round of Playoffs in Pittsburgh before I die..
Daughter suggested this place for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised by their food. I had the lamb cous cous, which was very tender and tasty.  The service wasn't great but the girl did her best of taking care of everything by herself. Expect some wait for a table during lunch  time.
Coffee was good.  Soup was yummy.  Staff has not been friendly on either visit which is why my rating of the place is low.
Pretty darn good.  Tasted like an expensive restaurant burger but for a lot less.  Cashier is friendly.  Cook is fast.
Great food,great service!
This place is fantastic! Scottsdale needed a good, fresh Greek place that wasn't run by a bunch of dodgy characters. Love the atmosphere but nothing tops the food. Healthy, fresh & delicious!
If I could give 0 stars, I would. Booked via Orbitz, so there was no option to pay for bags, which meant paying $50 for a CARRY-ON. Won't be using them again, ever, and will advise all my industry friends to avoid them, too.
Came back for another bento box - this time the miso soup was really delicious!  Everything else was just as good as before if not better, even the salad dressing was better.  Still super cheap, still great.  Love it!
Definitely not a gourmet las vegas buffet. Average at its best. If you have kids it is fine otherwise spend a few more dollars and go somehwhere else..
You want good coffee?  You want good service?  You want nice people?  You want convenient location?  You want easy in/out?  You want *free* WiFi?  You want good sandwiches?\n\nYou want Copper Star!\n\nEnd of story!
Great go-to restaurant for tasty and healthy.
The food was delicious! I ordered the Green Chili Stew with Pork, it was so tasty! The flat bread was a great compliment to it. Everyone at my table enjoyed their selection as well. Their chips and salsa is really good.
Very quaint, the atmosphere is awesome for a romantic date. \nThe food... Ok, it was good food but I expected better. \nThe service was some of the best I have experienced, they truly treat you well.
There is nothing here, not the food, not the service, not the \"ambiance\", that's worth the inexplicable and inexcusable wait for food to be delivered when the place is half empty to begin with.  I'm done.
This place is the perfect atmosphere for relaxing and taking in a TV novella or two while waiting to get your auto glass tinted or repaired. The abuelitas are adorable and welcoming, and the food is as good as it gets if you are looking for something rich and authentic.
holy mother of god.\n\nthe tofu polungo is so deliciously well done. the tofu has unbelievable texture and is well-seasoned . the vegetables are properly cooked and the sauce is tasty.
I've been back a few times now and I really like Dr. Paul and his staff.  They are top notch heath care providers and they are real people who know how to balance health care with your busy life.  Entire office has a GREAT sense of humor too!
Just about every cuisine in this marketplace. I was craving a hotdog which turned out to be a $16 dog --typical Vegas Strip food price. But what made it worse was that it looked and tasted like a microwavable oscar meyer's dog. The experience was horrid.
I needed an estimate on repairs for my computer, they were all very friendly and helpful.
The italian noodle with rib eye is great but the sauce which taste too light , and the noodle with shrimp and wonton, the soup almost no favor in it, no recommend the two dishes!!! anyway , it is nice place for low price !
Love the food, BUT got here 45 min early to watch 1:25 steelers game and they had NO idea which TV it was on! Really?! Blue 32, Zipps, Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers always have the TV schedules done ahead of time!
I enjoy the atmosphere, the size could be more moderate to keep the private cozy feel but you win some ya lose some.
Long lines, long waits, high prices mehhh. I'll go to the Carl's junior across the street or red robin next time I want a burger
I went here on Mother's day because I received a text for a free frozen yogurt.  It felt dirty in there.  They had very few toppings and their selection of yogurts was ok.  I honestly would not go back!
Best breakfast in town and everyone is so friendly.   Love the atmosphere.  Biscuits and heavy for the table is a must!!  Yummmm
On par with similar places around Charlotte ( Bad Daddy's, etc).  Friend pickles were good and not over-salty like some places.  Burger was respectable and properly done.  Fries were good, hot.  Nice outdoor seating area.  Will go again.
Always good, and close to my home! Love stuffed crust pizza & breadsticks on my \"cheat\" day :)
i wasnt really impressed by the meat or the selection of sides. i was expecting more and i was really excited to go since i hadnt had KBBQ in awhile. oh well guess have to go elsewhere. upside the decorations are awesome!
Free chocolate chip cookie with check-in!!\nThe cookie made my top 10 cookie list and the KFC was very good. Basically a Chicken Fried Chicken with gravy
Great food and beautifully presented. Very friendly and attentive staff.
Grilled salmon pub entree with veggies while Hubby had Irish stew cooked in Guinness were both enjoyed thoroughly. We also enjoyed Guinness on tap and Harp. Difficult to find excellent pub food for relatively reasonable prices given the surrounding area!
The place is small but clean.  Good service and friendly staff.  The food is OK, just your standard fare. I was disappointed that there wasn't enough tripe and tendons in my soup.  Definitely geared towards non-Vietnamese palates.
Green Burrito always closes at night and as for Carl's Jr. side every time I have been there they are always out of a promo or just other items. I have given up.
I stopped by for a quick bite.  Very pricey, as is everything in Vegas, but the steak was wonderful!
I am so disgusted that there was a used condom on the ground at the entrance. Even after telling a store associate, it was still on the ground before I left.
Great Food at a reasonable price. Excellent choices for Vegetarians! Order at the counter & have a seat. A micro-version of P.F. Changs.\nFantastic for a quick pick-up to take home after a long day at work.
i like their food, but man why have i been waiting for my takeout for an hour and a half?!?!  i call and they said its on their way....ummmm if you find me passed out at my desk jus call 911
Was finally able to speak with Heather (owner ) about everything that happened . She is a sweetheart and I feel soo much better . I can't wait to go to my appt later today and this place is back to 5 stars in my book :) ... Can't wait to see Britney and Shannon !
They have been reopened for a year or more.Average food at a cheap price.  Not bad if you are hungry and lazy like i sometimes am.
great deal for breakfast.  its on the way to the Lv convention center.  $4.99 buffet
Best toy shop in vegas, bought a match box Lesley car which was reasonably priced loaded of others great items would defo go bk when in vegas next time :) 100% best!
Real NY Bagels!
There aren't enough adjectives or stars. If you only see one show, this is it. Stunning!
Great food!  Great ambiance!  The outdoor patios have a jungle feeling with the street closed off by large trees. It's very quaint. Always busy.
This area has several similar restaurants with similar quality food. I chose this one due to proximity to my house. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here unless I was in the mood for their mandarin chicken which was excellent.
The most original tapas we've ever had! The liquid olives were amazing, they literally melt in your mouth- there is absolutely no need for chewing! \n\nThe GM was very helpful and charming! \n\nMy husband and I adored this place! \n\nWe will be back!
Food is amazing!!! Best Bang for the Buck! Definitely worth the drive
Good service. The food is Mexican but looks like is prepared for not Mexicans, the taste is good but the way that make it is not right at least the chilaquiles are too crispy and have to be more soaked in salsa is just to short on the salsa, the orange juice not good taste like sunny D.
Tried this the other day, and found it wanting. For the record I had the S'mores cupcake. I thought the chocolate frosting tasted overprocessed and the cake itself was very dense like foam rather than moist like cake. Pass.
A campus eye sore...\n60s called, wants it building...\nWhat were they thinking...
Eh pretty much had everything on the menu in 1 sitting.  Had a huge ribeye and lobster tail and it was good but not jaw dropping mouth watering good.  Price again is expensive as hell but thats no surprise since your in vegas.
Cheap beer, greasy food and friendly lesbians.  \nIf that sound appealing to you then this place should be the place for you.\n\nI really like going here for beers after work on their side walk terrace.\nI also appreciate that the place is dog friendly
For a touristy day on the strip, stop here and have a blended cream sickle (21+, of course!) Seriously, it's so good!
I defy anyone to find a civil, knowledgeable human being who works in this place. I'd rather be stuck in Newark Airport than shop here.
We just moved to Vegas from Phoenix. I must say I'm pretty impressed. We typically try and find the best Chinese place and so far this has everyone else beat. The to go portions are a lot bigger then usual. Good quality food too. A must try if u want good quality.
Good food and service. The 5 course meal is too much food.
this place blows! the drive thru girl is rude and worried about her moped out front instead of my order! she doesnt like my brittish accent and her boss tells me to be quiet while ordering! what the heck?! screw you alaina!
The service was slow, we were supposed to wait for a table when like 10 were available. The sushi was just ok, not impressive.\n\nI wouldn't go back for the sushi.
The food was very good here however the service left a little to be desired. The waitress never came back to refill drinks. We found a manager to do that. After he did that, she checked on it once more.
Stopped in for lunch a few weeks ago, the verdict: overpriced mediocre and slow. The Reuben was unremarkable and I nearly died of thirst. Latenight is better with plenty of half and half stouts (ie black and blue) and generally likeable live music on weekends.
a phenomenal open-air market that's one of the very largest north of Mexico, but also one of the city's most significant crossroads and a terrific place for people-watching\n\nit's been known to bring those visiting from out of town to tears (pleasure/envy)
I won't be going here again. It was way too expensive for the quality of the food. The best part was the salad and bread.
Typical Denny's food but this one had good service. It was 2am and we couldn't find any other place that was open.
The only good thing about this place was our server by the name of Dawn.  I do not know how she does it. The place is a zoo, but she is able to keep all the animals calm.
Great service, but way too expensive for me.  I get a buzz cut.  No frills.  Just go over my head with a really short blade.  $16 is way to much for that and the most I have paid anywhere in the country.  It should be around $10 - $12 at most.  I will never go back.
Went to this place for dinner after reading the reviews. Not what I am looking for as far as Chinese food is concerned for my taste.  Portions were decent but lacked taste.  Will not return as there are better places out there for me.
Great food, great atmosphere, great patio with view of the strip, great service! And I ESPECIALLY love the sign behind the hostess stand advising parents to keep children seated. A-MEN!!\nWe took friends who were in town visiting and had a wonderful experience!
Definitely a great museum. We happened to be here on an extremely busy day.
It's a warehouse of a dive. Too true the beer is cheap. Staffers were very laid back as were the customers I encountered.\n\nI've got to say not my cup of tea. I want more in the way of atmosphere.
Excellent fast Mexican Food. Guy Fieri led us, once again, to a great local eatery!
Visiting town from Colorado, my friend and I love Hawaiian restaurants. Moki's was good. Nice menu selection. Got the chicken katsu and short ribs. Pretty good. Ribs were a little tough, and the katsu sauce was t great. A little pricey also.
I'm sure being the 353rd reviewer that all has been said that can be for this place. Just suffice it to say I have to stuff my face there once every visit to Montreal.  The smoked meat isn't even my favorite part - I really like their cole slaw.  Wish they prepared it this way in America.
The whole fucking staff is loud and ghetto in this jail. They act more ghetto then all the hookers they have booked in jail LMFAO
I have tried tons of nail salons in the north valley, only to get bubbles and nails that break in a week. But this place is amazing! Awesome service and my nails last at least a month! I drive 20 miles to get to this place and it is worth every penny
This place is very comfy.  With free Wi-Fi.  Sometimes hard to find a parking space and sometimes people go in the drive through just to exit the parking lot.
Very good - consistent with most Capital Grille restaurants.  Inside the restaurant we had a near 5-star experience.\n\nRight outside the restaurant however were some very shady characters.  We would not let the ladies we were with walk unescorted to their cars.
Best. Hotdog. Ever.
Nadia new to us, as a waitress was very well mannered and a shout out to the cooks I really need to meet them one day and tell them how much I like the food
Too bad they're closed on sunday. Definitely better than mcdonalds. I love this place!
Management at this hotel has a twisted view on customer service. Do not expect a good experience here. With so many options nearby, I recommend you skip and head somewhere you'll be appreciated.
Found the food was good, but the restaurant is now a sushi restaurant...
Great service all around if you need some new and hot they are right on it. Love going to panda most days craving it. Like the fact they change things up here and there see what works. Doing good job and continue to do great
I liked this place until I find out a long hair in my vegetable fried rice until I find out. I wouldn't come back this place.
I love Barro's all over the Valley, but this one is closest to home.  Really good pizza, and decent prices.  The only ding on it is that the wings aren't the best around.  But if you're looking for a good pie in an area that is extremely far from NY or Chicago, this place hits the spot.
Pleasantly surprised by how good this pizza is. Great selection of toppings, reasonable prices and the people who work here are very nice. \nThey even deliver for not as crazy a minimum or fee as most other places around. This is a good spot in this neighborhood.
Stopped if for supplies and found everything I was looking for so I vote yes to going back.
There' was a lot of selections and everything was good. The set up and displays were clean and neat.  However, there's no crab legs for brunch so that was a big disappointment for me.
goat cheese stuffed pork chop - sucks for you it's not on the menu anymore - not sure if that's a good thing but it was VERY good.  all around great place to have dinner in vegas.
Good sports bar. Love the wings but be careful. Hot is really hot! Good burgers and fries. Would like more craft beers but they seem to prefer the basics. The focaccia sate awesome. This has become our go to sports bar.
Went here last night for my oldest 21 birthday- we arrived early with our stomachs on central time. Food,service and atmosphere was top notch. We had some amazing $29 special that included even dessert.....special, special time for us at Joe's. They did it right
Design & Wine's new location in Henderson is the bomb!!  Same great service, same outstanding staff and same delicious food that they've spoiled us with at their Las Vegas location!  So glad I now have two Design & Wine locations to choose from! I will continue TO GET MY PAINT ON at this fabulous place!!
Greeter at the door was just indifferent, not much personality.  Our waitress was very nice, and she is the reason for a two star, not a one.  Food was not good.  French toast on stale bread.  Just didnt sit right.\n\nI wont be back.
SJU to Las Vegas One stop in Atalanta on time. Las Vegas to SJU One stop in Atlanta on time. Thank you!
I agree with Sheila... this place is better than Panda Express. But in the way that manslaughter is better than murder. Both are bad, but one has a lesser sentence.
if it weren't for the fact that it was $7.00 for the night we stayed I would have one starred this.   It is guady, dirty, smelled like weed (normally I don't mind but it was SO prevalent)   Don't stay if you expect something fantastic.
If you enjoy old school Italian places, this is it. A throw back to the days of the Rat Pack, this place excels at food, service, and atmosphere. The dimly lit atmosphere, accordion player, and true Italian recipes make this place a winner.
i don't understand why this place always gets such good reviews everywhere. i guess the fact that it's not panda express or pei wei gets it some bonus points but honestly the food isn't that great.
No Stars. Place was very driven. Foreigners were there to pick through everything for resale for yard sales, or out door sales. The bins are moved in and out, it doesn't matter if you were looking at something or not. No high quality stuff that I saw. It was a crazy place.
Good room for beginners. Not much else to say that hasn't been covered in all of the other reviews. I wouldn't play in this poker room if I weren't staying in this hotel. Great place to buy in cheap to just sit and get drunk.
Perfect place for a work day lunch. Locally owned too.
If you want clean carpets, Rob is your man.  He takes pride in what he does and cares about quality.  Definitely worth every penny!
Really satisfied with the manner in which Jeremy and team take care of our 3/4 acre yard. Prompt, thorough, knowledgeable, dependable, good communicator. We are very pleased.
Very pretty entrances with waterfalls, rocks, and greenery. The place looks pretty average and kind of gave me that 90's feel. It was pretty nice walking by the glass dome. Probably not my top choice for resorts.
Absolutely disgusting. I really do not understand what all the excitement is about. For 20 bucks I got 2 small greasy burgers and 2 orders of fries with a bunch of crap all over them. I walked out feeling robbed of my wallet and my health.
Horrible! Don't go to this place... with the new owners they probably changed chefs as well. They suck big time! Mochi was ice frozen... when we complained about the quality of sushi & how hard the Mochi was they didn't care. Horrible! Stay away from this sushi joint!
More like Hell Yeah!  This place is tight.  I was simply exhausted and overwhelmed looking at the ice cream selection.  Which is a good thing.  Tons of great flavors to choose from.  It's like a hippie Cold Stone Creamery on crack.  Check it out sometime.  I don't think you'll be disappointed.
i really enjoy this restuarant. but does anyone else miss bobby mcgees and its maze-like interior filled with would-be actors who honed their craft as servers? and there's nothing like scooping salad out of an oversized bathtub. that's all i'm saying.
Any restaurant that scores a D from the County Health department is disgusting.  Even more disgusting is this place is supposed to be upscale. Unfortunately their prices exceed their cleanliness.
I love Cost Plus. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is it tends to be a little expesive and this definitely stands for the furniture. I love the food section though! They have decent posters too...
This place isn't the best food. But its a fun environment and a good place to drink bottomless cheap wine with friends. Including tip it is around 30 dollars a person. Easy walk from the Paris or planet Hollywood.
This place is excellent for bottomless mimosas and the do-it-yourself bloody mary bar. However, the burger was not as good as other local Madison establishments and I did not really enjoy the truffle cream fries.
2 stars for the quality of food and service. 3rd star is for the eye candy. Fortunately this location has a good talent selection.  Wings came out cold. Beer came out in plastic cups.. Then got warm.  Server had bad timing in coming back around.  In the end it was \"ok\".
Had brunch today here, the pastas seemed all crusted and stale. They ran out of straws..are you serious? I had to wait 30 minutes to get a straw so I could sip on my juice. Im mad.
This is one of my favorite spots in las vegas.  You cant beat rhe price and quality of the massage.  I go once a week.
I've known Kimberly for many years and have found her to be a caring and engaged real estate professional. Kim not only cares about finding you the right home, she will become a valuable and trusted friend. You can count on her!
we went last night for the first time, it was just okay.  the food was mediocre at best.  the only bright part of our dinner  was our server Sabrina.  She was friendly and attentive, always kept our drinks refreshed...we'll probably come back because we have boys and they thought it was great!
Easiest & quickest oil change I have ever had done! I scheduled my appointment online, I was in and out within 40 minutes. I can't rate the quality of work because I am not that mechanical but everything seems to be working just fine:)
I have been coming here on the regular for quite some time now. Chris is the best hookah masters and makes a point to get to know all customers. The ice tip is Phenomenal!
They take such good care of me! REPEATEDLY!!!! He keeps telling me I need a better case, but I just love going in there!!
The TSA can, if they choose, treat people with basic respect. \n\nAt this Airport these flashlight cops make you hate flying. It does not have to be this way. SFO and OAK are friendly and efficient with out being mean.
Their Happy Hour is sooooo cheap.  $2-$3 appetizers....say whaaat??  3-4 appetizers is definitely enough food for a girl.  I ordered 4 appetizers, only spent around $10, and even ended up taking home leftovers.
Nice little place with really tasty hot dogs! The food was very good, I enjoyed their Chicago style dogs but they also have sandwiches and chicken fingers, among other things. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Really relaxed atmosphere with Chicago sports memorabilia for decor. Great place for lunch or a quick laid back dinner.
Mushroom ravioli is my favorite!!
Always great fresh food and friendly service.
The Good: 2-for-1 drink coupons and decent music \n\nThe Bad: Pretentious crowd and less than pleasant bartenders. \n\nGood place to start your night for a free drink but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
This place is great! The people are friendly and did a very good job on my manicure and pedicure. Can't wait to to come back!
This place is GHETTO! The casino is tiny; in fact, while we were there, a guy asked us where the rest of the casino was. One redeeming factor for this place is Mad Onion and it's sweet chicken wings deal. Other than that I'm pretty sure I have no other reason to go back.
Another unprofessional, overpriced \"salon\".  At first I just regretted driving so far and paying so much for what little I got. Then I started feeling the scabs on my scalp. Nuff said.
All I can say is if you are on a diet, this place makes their tea bubble too too too sweet !  I threw mine in the garbage because it was unbearably too sweet
An ideal place for an unmemorable meal. \n\nFriendly, quick, clean, inexpensive and uninspired.
There bowls are what I usually go for and the usual add on items are okay. This location by UNLV is pretty crowded when school is in session so later on in the afternoon is better for a visit.
This place is the place to go for your alterations minor or extensive.  They are friendly and the the customer service is impeccable.  They complete your work in a timely manner.  I have had two major alterations made to bridesmaid's dresses for two different weddings, both turned out perfect. Highly recommend.
Best Taco place in Vegas, just trust me.
Staff is very customer oriented, the food is good and the atmosphere is relaxing.
Ordered some accessories for my Range Rover Sport the other day and got them put on yesterday. A+ service the whole time!!!
Interesting selection of unique home decor. Great place to browse. Would recommend if there's a need for gifts. Items are somewhat premium, but there are deals.
My wife and I were looking for good pozole. We did a search and found this nice Mexican food restaurant. Our waitress, was Ofelia. She was very nice and friendly. The service was great. The food was also great and my wife is hard to please. If she's pleased, then I'm pleased.
Delicious! I had the shrimp tacos and my friend the chicken fajitas! We were both very satisfy with our meal! We went about 7pm on a Friday night so waiting time was about 45 mins. Well worth it!
Enthusiastic and gracious staff.  Check!\nConvenient location in Summerlin. Check!\nA unique pizza experience with premier variety of ingredients.  Check!\nIncentives to bring you back. Checkity check check.
this place really disappointed me and my fiancee.. sure we came at the beginning of autumn.. but the gardens itself really left us wanting more since it was devoid of \"pretty flowers\".. the chinese gardens with the lanterns was nice though.. nevertheless.. i wouldn't recommend this to anyone
This place has awesome burgers that are hand made when you order them. They are pricey, but you get what you pay for. And they always have the day's sports running on all their HDTVs, which gives a nice vibe. Their outdoor seating area is covered, and really nice too.
There are quite a few Thai restaurants to choose from in downtown Tempe, but this is my favorite. They have the best Pad Thai and a fantastic Red Curry. The employees are always super nice and greet me with a smile when I pick up my order.
The place is clean and the staff friendly. The coffee pretty good as well.
They suck every time I've come here. Don't look cold because they will think you are drunk and not let you in. The douches who work the door think they are the shit. They are just college students who feel entitled to being the asshole door man.
We've popped by for happy hour a few times. Great prices. Love the wings! Great atmosphere, especially when it's patio weather.
Very rude girls. I don't like this place at all. Yes they are clean, but they are disrespectful. I waited forever even with an appt, and after that I was treated horrible. I will not go back and I advise anyone else to go somewhere else.
Great restaurant, great food. A little pricey but worth it! Very good atmosphere. Must try the Summer Snow Sake - it's awesome! Our server was very knowledgeable. We skipped looking at the menu and just told him what types of sushi we liked and he kept coming out with a winner every time!
eddie d's is really good you get a good amount of food for your money and the service is friendly.  I had the Robert and it was aawsome i would recommend anyone tryit once if you live or are in that area.
The ice cream is good, although they use mini marshmellows rather than marshmellow swirl in their rocky road, not my thing.The atmosphere is kitchy; very pink.
Very good food! Service was awesome. It is a bit loud though since you're right by the lobby.
Can I please have more onions!\nThe onion slices in each Brito are like giant toenails.  Worst Filiberto's ever!!!
Ate at settebello last night for my second time. Good pizzas but too long of a wait and service was so so.  My pizza crust was partially burnt. Better experience last time.
This place is awesome if you can't get to Spring Mountain Rd.  Hot, fresh, tasty the BEST Chinese out this way (and I have tried lots).  The staff are super friendly, the place is CLEAN.  The fish in black bean sauce is my favorite.  Big portions great prices.
I booked through Vegas.com but had to cancel 2 days before my trip due to a death in the family. Customer service was very helpful communicating with my hotel and my trip was fully refunded. Will use Vegas.com when I replan my trip. Prices and customer service are outstanding!
The food is great the service sucks never met ruder people in my life, and they over charged paid $30.00 a salad and didn't want to deal with it!
Hotel room is ok for a Las Vegas hotel. The hotel itself looks nice. Most people in their 20s and 30s staying here. \n\nFirst room we went to had used soap, half a roll of toilet paper, and half bag of nuts on the counter. Went back down and was given a new room immediately.
After going to different steakhouses. Holy crap I love this place. I've been to the Vegas one twice and the Beverly Hills one three times as well. Amazing. But the Vegas one is better in my opinion.
love this place!
A good breakfast at a very nice price. The eggs, bacon and sausage were good. The hobo breakfast suffers from bland gravy and lackluster home fries. Another negative is the artificial butter spread provided at table. The coffee was very good though.
Holes in bedroom walls dirty bathrooms. Fun to visit, not to stay! With so many casinos to stay in Vegas, it won't cost much to stay somewhere else.
Along with Cartel, this is one of my favorite coffee shops in the area.  It is slightly less hipster and a bit more relaxed than some other places, with good coffee and a wonderful staff.  Comfortable, high ceilings, decent acoustics, and plenty of tables, couches, and chairs to work, chat, or watch.
Horrible food, I always go to Sierra gold on jones and 215 and they never let me down. They have the same exact menu. Horrible service, Scott the grave bartender won't even step out of his bar area to refill our waters. We're literally sitting next to the bar at the tables! Just bad overall!
Decent food...terrible service. Lady was rude at the counter. I like this chain...maybe I'll just have to go to a different one next time.
This is my favorite sushi spot.  The price is right, the staff is friendly, the sushi is pretty darn good and the ambiance is nice and cozy.  Great for a date, or even just lunch.  I can walk out full and sakied up for 20 bucks!
Oh man these guys are the real deal.  I had a Big Al combo beef n sausage w/ hot peppers.  Heaven in every bite!  One of my new favorite places in Vegas!
Quality was pretty good and so were the prices due to the happy hour specials... which are decent but would be better if they expanded it a bit.\n\nIt will not replace my regular sushi joints but if I'm in the area and cannot get to my regular places, I will go here.
So much flavor that you can taste the passion that Chef Paco has for everything he creates!! Fresh from the farm to your plate is their motto and it shows!!  I will be returning for the only Mexican food I will be eating other then my own!!
The food is just OK.  I liked the pretzel bites, and they definitely the slew of good brews they have.  But Meh I wasn't wowed.  Go there for a before dinner snack, and you'll be happy
Unfortunately closed for the time being due to damage caused by the fire in Khushis upstairs.
Awesome store. They have a ton of candy and the store is always clean. They close at 7pm which is the only thing about them that bothers me.
Never going back. Got to our room broken pieces of hard candy on the carpet and on the shower nob, hot cheeto on the side of the night stand.
Nice sit-down Chinese place.  What else is there to say?
I've never had a ribeye with so much flavor and cooked to perfection. Request the chefs perpetration, cost about $65 but it's worth every penny. It's like getting a complimentary reach around from the chef.
Paymons..... Oh how much I love you! Have been coming to both of their locations for years now and am finally 21... Their happy hour is phenomenal as well as the staff. I have never had a disappointing experience whatsoever.... And my food has always been amazing! I love you!
Didn't know what we wanted for dinner, came across this so we gave it a chance. The food was delicious, one of the best easy fast foodish teriyaki place I've had...will def come back again!
Funny how bad service can tip an already poor experience to the black list. There are hundreds of sub shops, I'm crossing this one off my list.
It was fun!  Historic house, nice patio, friendly service.  Give it a shot!
Super fresh food but the line is too long for a quick-service restaurant and ordering my food was kinda a hassle because the menu is like over your head; it's hard to see.  It's like they tried to copy Chipotle but offer better quality food.
Delicous cocktails and great food!  The Valkyrie is the best!
This place is on the good side of frozen yogurt for taste. Always clean. And the employees helpful and really nice.
This place sucks!!!! They just charged me $25 to paint my nails. I can get a backfill for that price. Awful. I will never go back to get overcharged for nothing!!!  If I could give them 0 stars I would.
I have to find a better place closer when I work near this location.  I keep settling which is not like me. Each time I come back the food is of poor quality and never seems completely to recipe.  Service is lacking.
Terrible service!!!  Twice they brought the wrong dinner for my husband, and they got my order wrong.  We were then challenged about what we ordered.  Joe the waiter said \"that isn't what you orered\" we left after the appetizer.  We will never be back!!!
Not a fan\nVery slow service and what little attention we did get from the server was not good.\nfood was marginal at best, pizza was bland and the crust was doughy.
Food is okay here.   Ate here for dinner with a friend once, and then a business luncheon.   It's not the greatest place, but it's rather reasonably priced.\n\nPart of their lot is gravel so you'll have to be careful if you're coming in off the side street.
Ocean Floor offers an extensive selection of fish and supplies.  \n\nBeautiful tropical fish make this pet shop as fun as an aquarium you'd pay to gain entry to view.  Friendly, knowledgeable staff make really make this the number one place to buy fish in the valley.
Sitting at the bar with an empty bucket over 10 mins is never a good sign of service. Needs help with recognizing customers needs over fraternization
Sandwich was pretty decent for a sandwich, got into a odd conversion about how she doesn't support yelp and supports some ihateyelp.com or whatever.... I honestly stopped paying attention and just wanted to eat. Will be back to try the soup!
The employees here aren't the friendliest, especially at the customer service desk.  Eugencio? was a total dbag and even rolled his eyes at me when I told him that items weren't being rung up what they were being advertised for.
Amazing pastries! The best croissant I've ever had, no doubt about it. Their coffee and tea is also really good, and their raspberry juice is so refreshing.
Is it me or are the portions getting smaller????  The fried apples only has 4 slices of apples.  Also, the bacon was undone.
D'Lish is that total local spot that you keep to yourself. You don't want it to blow because its too perfect the way it is. All of the food is amazing, the management is awesome and they have some of the best coffee around.
If your in a hurry and you want good Sushi this is the place for you!  Nice variety and reasonable prices.
A great place to get lost, forget about life for a few and chat with a hot bartender. Oh the drinks are decently priced too. Now what's wrong with that? See you there!
Absolutely horrendous. Overpriced, horrible selection, and the quality wasn't even very good. $14 for 10lbs? Not only was the woman who checked us in extremely rude, she was also inattentive and wouldn't respond to questions. I will not be going back.
Small club.\n\nOnly nice part is the waterfall. \n\nWouldn't be my first choice to party here.
.... Tried this place for the 2nd time. They were out of soda. Only had water. They messed up everyone's order. Terrible. I'd give 0 stars if possible.
Its an air port\nEverything is over priced\nThe staff is under manned\nElectric outlets are few and inconveniently placed\n\nWhat ever it gets me from A to B by bicecting the gravitational forces of the flux capacitor. Fuck u science!
GO SEE BRENT! I just received the best haircut of my life from Brent. No exaggeration. I have long, straight hair and received highlights and layers. Just amazing. It's actually able to recreate the style after going home...which we all know is nearly impossible.
Came into Vegas from LA.  I decided to visit based on Yelp Reviews.  It was a little more expensive than Cali but well worth it.  Nice and private and clean!
Great tots. Great gluten free bun.
Nothing negative to say here\nClean, great variety of flavors and toppings, sweet staff.
Caesar's service was fun, attentive, and informative.  My lady found his smile intoxicating.
Great bagels! Love going first thing in morning.  The have some amazing breakfast sandwiches too. The help is polite and helpful.  The place is quaint and quiet and not over priced. Parking is good. But it is kinda hard to find and you need to look hard to notice it.  I love it though
This is likely to change soon as the property has changed hands and is likely to change hands again. \n\nFrom the negative reviews, I think people expect too much from a casino diner. The food is mediocre and overpriced, but that is true at almost all the Las Vegas hotels. The food here is fine.
Fast, great value.... and a diverse different menu.
Great Chinese take out place. Dine in is also available. It will take less than 10 min to get your order ready. Great General Tso chicken, seafood dishes are great also. The best in town!
Fantastic Italian Sandwich. \nThe best sandwich I have ever had.  And the service was outstanding. The waitress truly knew what I wanted before I did. Please dont pass up this place.
I would give LGO six stars if I could. I love this place, they really have done everything right. The food is amazing, the displays are fantastic, and the music selection is always great. Parking can be frusterating but once you get inside you realize that it was worth the wait.
I LOVE Chima! We went there in October for our anniversary and I am IMPRESSED! Wonderful service and atmosphere. Food was off the charts!
A small restaurant, counter service, mostly tables, perhaps a booth.\n\nExcellent pitas!  I've had the hummus pita - excellent!\n\nAnd another time I ordered the gyro -  probably the best I'd tasted - ever!\n\nI highly recommend.
Amazing! \nIt's a hole in the wall, but the food is soooo delicious! The jerk chicken rice is my favorite! And the carnitas are always juicy and are perfect in a quesadilla.....
My food was very bland. I ordered the house salad with chicken. It came with a giant biscuit. The salad had some kind of pesto dressing on it that didn't taste like a much. Overall a disappointing experience, I probably would not recommend this place.
We were not sure what to expect from the Crepe Shack but we decided to give it a shot. SO glad we did! The crepe and the waffle were spectacular. Bananas, ice cream, strawberries, almonds, YUM! I know that I will be back!
Closed kitchen early because they were slow.  Manager \"Johnny\" is a loser. We had a groupon and he would not honor it.  Hate to say this but we would never try this place again even though we lost 17.50.
Great place for lunch. We sat on the patio across from the Bellagio fountain. The food was so parisian that the strip could have been replaced by the Champs +D'Eleyse.
I ordered the bbq chicken salad and it was amazing. Huge portion with so much flavor I barely even used the dressing. My coworker ordered a reuben and said it was pretty good but a bit salty.
I love my fruit smoothies, and this location is conveniently located between my bf's place and work.  The staff is friendly, service is quick.  It's healthy and delicious, and the price is right.  All-American breakfast wrap is quite tasty, too.
Usually I love this place but I ordered ahead & told the time I would be in. Not sure when they put my burger on the bar but it was all cold & very disappointing. Ah well.
Great show. \nFunny. \nLove the bit about psychics and people who go to them.\nThe nail gun routine still cracks me up. \nMostly new material, only recognized two previous tricks from seeing them before when they toured.\nNice theater.
Date night....AWESOME NIGHT! We laughed all night long! Great crowd...intimate....great service! Definitely coming back!
By far the best donut in Charlotte. .. there is not one i don't like.The Blueberry is amazing
Try the calamari.  It's perfect.
They do bottle service here....and it's pretty cheap, HELLOOOO, sign me up!\n\n$250 for a bottle of Grey Goose.
Stopped in to get help replacing a pendant and sconce that we had bought years ago.  The lady who helped me was not very helpful and seemed bothered to even give me minimum information.  I had a bad experience a year or so ago with customer service here but hoped they might have improved in this area...nope!
I Love Roberto's... but this one has a sewer problem. Kinda hard to enjoy carnitas when it smells like sulfur.\n\nWe went twice two weeks apart and it had the same problem\n\nGo to the one on Rainbow between Robindale/Warm Springs
Definitely a trendy place to go and I must say the Best Late I have ever had. Home made caramel and great roasted beans from counter culture. Can't go wrong here.
Get the \"Green Beef\" from the Side Orders, with  Corn tortillas or Rice.
Been a couple of times for lunch and really enjoyed the food.  Staff are friendly. Will definitely be back time and time again
Not having good time here , waiting for long time after order.  Tip are add on to the bill, even you feel they don't deserve the tip. \nFood are ok, but just bad serve
The staff is nice, but the food is not good. My husband BBQ tasted like lighter fluid. My mom did not finish the ribs which says a lot. The fish was good.\nWe won't come back
Hotel needs updating. The staff was very nice but the rooms were old and antiquated.  The pictures do not accurately reflect the rooms and site.  I would not come back to this hotel.
Very friendly and very professional!  Don't waste your time elsewhere!
No too bad, not too good. It's right around the corner from where I live and they deliver.  I'd get it again but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there or order in.
This is the best outlet mall in Vegas. Similar to the Cabazon outlets in CA.
Decent quality food and plenty of variety
Wow. Just had a gyro. Super loaded with meat. Very good.
This is a decent thai restaurant with good curries.  I think most days are on point, however,  I ordered delivery and my curry with chicken had wiered balled up clumps of deep fried ? processed chicken that was so off I couldn't eat it.  Not sure what happened here but I recommend eating in.
Average mexican food - Just Ok\n\nI wouldn't go out of my way for this food as it's very average mexican food. They offer  things like hamburgers etc. For better food and better service I would rather eat at Garcias.
Went to see Sound of Music November 29!!.  Absolutely outstanding performances from the whole cast!    Enjoyed this play more than any other I have seen there.  Fantastic! Cudos to all the crew that changes the sets also. I love this theater.
Bring an empty stomach Great food selection, great service. Mexican and Chinese food sections were excellent.  Crab legs were awesome! Dessert was average, but who eats dessert after a buffet? :)
Always loved how their food always tasted fresh...they have a new menu. They kept my favorite roll, DJ Special. I am hoping they did not change their standards and just expanded their menu. AYCE is still available...more reviews to come.
I wish I could fly them to every treatment at MD Anderson.  They are friendly and on time.  If the tickets were better priced at united, I would never get on another Spirit airplane!!!  Spirit sucks and the people aren't real friendly!!!
This company put the wrong size fan motor in our air conditioner because he didn't want to drive across town to get the correct one. Lazy, crooked and awful. I would never do business with these people again!
dont order food here, takes way to long to get food. drinks are over priced and it seems all they are trying to do is copy surrounding bars. they do have an awesome band that plays.
Not bad as convenience stores go, but I'm spoiled on the QT stores. So yeah...  Officially it s a, \"Meh. I've experienced better.\"
The food was delicious! All you can eat shrimp really hits the spot! Worth the price for each and every shrimp in my belly. Might i add the biscuits are delicious!!
**Don't pass up the garlic chile fries!**\n\nI love the tap beer selection and all of the entrees we've tried have been great!
Great location same drink's as all the other fat Tuesday location's and is located in Mandalay Bay place also get the jello shot's and extra shot's is a must.
I think this will be my theater of choice.  There was just something cozy about it.  It has the same downfalls of all theaters~ expensive tickets and even more expensive snacks.  But it was clean and comfortable.
Fresh ingredients, lots of choices and a friendly staff make this a sure bet. Definitely worth a try.
Fun place to grab a bite before a game.  We stopped in a couple of weeks ago and enjoyed some fab wings. \n\nDefinitely not something I'd make a trip for exclusively but great way to kick off a trip to the ballpark.
I love that Cactus Grill offers tofu as a filling in their tacos and burritos.  The quality of the vegetables is a plus.
This salon is the best there is! I get my nails done by Pauline. They have great service and this place is very close to a very good donut shop called Rainbow Donuts that is just a minute walk away. Nothing better than getting nails done and having donuts!
New location, same outstanding Pizza.\nCannot wait for the new location.\nKeep up the great work Mateo.
Jim was awesome. Fixed my Ferrari with white glove service.  Wouldn't trust my car with anyone else!!
By far the best Starbucks in Las Vegas. Super friendly and upbeat staff. I love grabbing a coffee and reading a book here on my lunch break. The staff is superb. Excellent service. Johnny is the best!!
Hell's Kitchen Burger!!!
I really appreciate a place that is open 24-hours a day!! The service was friendly, and fast! They had a plethora of blended drinks, which i loved! They also offer hookah so.....if you wanted, that was definitely an option.
I don't drink coffee, but well priced beers and the service is always fast/friendly.  Up and coming location it's fun to sit here and watch the riff raff mixed in with the normal people out on the town just out the window :)
me and my friend ate here. The place looks like a shack. Anyways, the food is pricey, but it tasted ok. The tasty tofu is as expected, nothing mind blowing. The pad thai was way too sweet. Service is ok.
Bartender was extremely rude, slamming our silverware down on the table when we asked for some. Our table didn't have any place settings. The brunch buffet was empty. Don't waste your money.
I'm in love!
Melt in your mouth cornbread. Soul rolls that make you want to testify. Down home friendly service. Shrimp and Grits that make you smile. Great food close to downtown.
We came in search of an epic Torta.  My husband ordered the big one which had like 5 different kind of meats on it.  The bread was fresh and crunchy and the sandwiches just melted in your mouth.  the service was fast and friendly!  Don't be alarmed that it is out in the boonies, it is great!
Worst chinese I have ever had egg foo yung was just an omelete and the taste was disgusting never ever go back there again
Kathy did the alterations on my pretty intricate lace wedding dress and was wonderful to work with. She was very friendly, patient, knowledge and great at her craft. She took her time with each appointment to ensure the dress was perfect. The final product was stunning and I couldn't be happier. Thanks Kathy!
My  Prime shipping from Amazon did not arrive from On Trac so I called On Trac and gave them my tracking number.  They said the On Trac vehicle with all it's packages was reported stolen today.  I live in the Bay Area if you're interested.  Horrible service!!
the food lacked a bit of flavor but the surrounding decor was nice and enjoyable. i would go back. but my husband wasn't pleased.
Top 5 favorite breakfast places in Vegas for Me. In my opinion, they have the best, simple home made buttermilk pancakes. The atmosphere is kind of dainty and old, but the food both breakfast and lunch definitely makes up for it.
Great tofu soup and hot pot bibimbap.
My wife and I visited this museum and enjoyed the various exhibits.  It would be a good rainy day activity and, no doubt, best enjoyed to children.
I enjoyed this place for the first time! I ordered the Chicken Ceasar Salad. It was delicious and It was very reasonably priced! The atmosphere is great! I would come back here to eat. The only downfall is that they have limited hours. Can't wait to come here again and try something else!
Mountain biking\n\nAwesome trails! 3 levels, there is so much to so if you are an outdoor lover!
We read the reviews and stopped in this evening. The salad was great and plenty. The pizza was fresh and delicious. We will definitely go there again. Great neighborhood restaurant.
Hadn't been here in a while but now I know why, what a faded glory.   The place is tired and dated.  The food while quality has also faded.   Spring rolls under cooked, sesame ahi was tasteless and how do you run out of spicy mustard.
house made dogs, brats, mustard\nPBR and fancy beers\nsmores for three dollars
The pancakes were as good as advertised! My father had the french toast and loved it as well. Freshly squeezed orange juice and crispy bacon were also good.
Delicious food, and pretty awesome place.\n\nThe staff is friendly enough, and the manager is always checking up on his guests.  Very nice place, I'd recommend it.\n\nI think my face is starting to be recognizable there.
Best nail salon in Vegas! Super friendly staff and they can do ANY design you want! Super clean and efficient! They always have new colors, furniture and it is always a relaxing time!
I went into New Age Book Store for the first time yesterday.  What a beautiful store! Met Jan Ross and staff.  They were knowledgable, friendly, and so willing to help. I will be going back!
Today was my 1st time in here. Staff was friendly, place was VERY clean!! I had taro w/ boba slushie. It was very good, however a lil pricey in comparison to other places. But, I'm sure i will go back again!
I've never stayed at TI, but I have spent entirely too much time at the $5 Texas Hold'em table.  It's one of my favorite single tables in Vegas, which makes it one of my favorite single places in the world.
I hired this company to move across town.  They were friendly on the phone, their prices were great and they showed up right on time.  Everything was loaded safely, nothing was broken.  I have used them twice now and would use them again.
Refused to honor the $95 for $125 voucher Yelp Deal. I drove way out of my way for that. Should have gone somewhere closer and more honest.
great kabobs!
Great Ph\u00f6 and they have \"33\" export beer.
Cool bar inside of the Saguaro Hotel!  Great atmosphere, super friendly bartenders and amazing drinks.  The agave vodka drink is so yummy...tart and a little bit sweet at the same time.
I was there on a Sunday. There was only one manicurist so we had to wait approximately 45 minutes. They push  their nail polish ( $7. if you buy it with the manicure), which chipped the next day. And it's the same price as a regular manicure without the incidentals.
We have grown to love Love's when we're on the road. Their amenities supersede any average gas station. Granted, they're not better than Dateland because there's no pet stalls with misters outside, but for humans, they have it all.
Don't waste your time. The waitresses are beyond slow, and once they are done flirting with the table next to you, she might  visit your table and then disappear.
Gross.  Like reviewed before me...I am too old and the food is not worth the attitude.  And you get tipped accordingly Miss Snotty-Pants Waitress!
Bagels are super disgusting, just by walking into the place it smelled damp and old which didn't give a good sign this place would be any good. If you want old, over cooked, stale bagels... this is a place you want to avoid!
I read that they would get my check wrong and sure enough, it was. Wow.  I told her to not even try to explain since I knew it would be an overcharge because they are sort of known to do this.   Wow.  this place is simply not good.  Sorry.
Walked out before ordering food. Took 10 min and 4 tries to get glasses of ice water. Waitress didn't acknowledge our difficulties with the situation, ignored our questions and kept talking about the menu. REALLY? It was so irritating that we left and went to our old standby- China Grill.
Great local sushi spot! Love their Vegas Roll and Cherry Blossom Roll.  Staff is very friendly.  Always seem on top of refills.  Has kind of a mini sports bar feel with a couple of TVs but without all the loudness.  The prices are very reasonable as well.  I recommend this spot over the other one across the street.
The best Chicken Tika Masala I have ever eaten!\nGreat friendly service.  Great selection on the buffet and very flavorful. \nThe naan is fresh and delivered hot to your table.
The food wasn't that good. . After I ate it, my stomach was upset for hours.... Seemed to me it was over priced.
Good service, friendly staff.  Just a little pushy on the 'extras'.  All in all I'd recommend them.
It's all about location that's all. Worn out hotel rooms. 95 a night good deal through our event we did on sat. We had two rooms. The toilet ran the first night. The ac is either snowing on or off no temp control worked in either room, so u sweat or freeze.
The Service is Wonderful, the Theme is Great! The Restaurants are great Too. What sucks is that FAMOUS $25/per day RESORT FEE they seek in on you when you check out. If you are going to fu*k me, I like it from the front...
Great service and prices!
The Honey Toast is to die for. Awesome sushi. The wait was horrendous. But I'll be back.
The food was nice, what was even better is that though the parking lot was packed at lunch time, the place was not busy. As if nobody thinks to go to Grimaldi's for lunch because at dinner it's busy. I liked it. Calzone is better than the comparable one at NYPD.
This is a really great beer stop on the strip. Specials on buckets of beer and chill spot to hang with friends. Great view of the strip and the Bellagio fountain. The only down side is service is kinda slow and you might have to hunt them down.
When placing your order, they write down your entire credit card number, billing zipcode, and house number.  Beware for identity theft!
I'd give more stars, but this is the 3rd time my father & I have gone & had to leave because there is only 1line open & is out the door despite the number of people working at the time.
Interesting little hole in the wall. $2 good cup of tea to go, and tons of really nice (but also very expensive) boutiquey items. Leather bags, interesting crafts, all very cool.
This place was amazing! Pulled pork, Mac n cheese, cole slaw & lemonade - all super good. Super friendly service too. We'll definitely be back.
Pho ga chicken was dried out. The spring rolls were the smallest portion I've ever seen & the peanut sauce was watered down. I've tried eating here twice. I give up
First time here and the good and service was great. Get the nachos and the avocado chicken sandwich. Both were delicious.
Yes 5 stars. Read my previous review for the company that tried to rip me off. Jeff is a stand up guy. Did a great job. Went above and beyond and saved me $640 compared to previous estimate. On a Sunday, was onsite in less  than 3 hours. I highly recommend this company.
BEST mexican food Ive ever had.
Exceptional craft beer selection. 31 rotating taps. Nice ambiance, good service from knowledgable staff, and good food options.
I would of gave this buffet a 3 star than I thought to myself I really experienced better...also if i wanted to eat a buffet like this place, than I could of stayed in Cali and ate a buffet that would of been cheaper. \nThe whole appearance does look beautiful though.
Been waiting for months for this to open. Lots of wasted space. Guy bartenders are a stick in the mud on Sunday football. No personality st all And  no buzz time trivia? Big Guys next door has better wings. All in all just another bar
I always enjoy stopping by this kiosk on my way out of Greenland Supermarket.  They have great breads and pastries.  My favorite is their sugar round donut because when you bite into it there's a layer of custard! Yum!
The staff in the bakery rock! Thanks for all the wonderful cakes you make for us here at Las Vegas Dissemination Company. All the employees love the cakes you bake for us:) Yay! Great cake, staff, quality and reliability! Mary Irby Las Vegas
Not the best Starbucks by any stretch. Used to have only three parking spots, which have since been increased to maybe 8. Service is always lacking, both ordering and making drinks. Wouldn't go unless I had a free drink on my card and was dying of thirst at the very moment.
Everyone was so polite. I went to the fabric section and the lady asked if I needed any help right away. When I was done shopping I sadly looked at the long check out line, but not long after a number of employees came up and opened up more lanes so it didn't take as long as I thought
We are regulars here for a reason.  The staff is great, the food is great and this business is originally from my home in Austin, TX .  This location is more geared to the middle aged folks, which is good for us. I highly recommend!!!
Bbq was ok, I've had better in Pittsburgh. Drinks and meals were way over-priced.  Won't go back.
All I can say is order the chicken fried steak. Very good gravy.  Service is excellent here too.
This is a great old school steak house in Las Vegas. I loved it...
Spectacular Rubens on display, outstanding architecture and beautiful gardens. We had lunch on site from the self service Cafe which served food made from locally sourced ingredients of high quality. A serene and welcoming location admist of all the hustle and bustle of NV. Great 360 views. Not to be missed. Highly recommended.
Their fluffer nutter butter (shakes) is the best !!!
We went for labor day weekend and I would have to say that it is not worth the wait (which was 45mins) or the price $45 per person. The dessert section was one of the better ones however it does not make up for the par food selection. Nothing stood out taste wise. I do not believe I would be back.
Good fast and cheap Indian food. Not the best in Montreal, for that head over to Park Extension or go to Ganges, but Thali is fine if you're down town, need good Indian (stay away from Buffet Maharaja!)\nTheir Mango Lassi is excellent!
Grady has closed up shop. They can be found at the Downtown Phoenix Market\n\n721 N. Central\nSE Corner of Central Ave. & McKinley St. \n(2 blocks south of Roosevelt)\n\nYou can buy the sauce here to.
I was craving pad thai and tom yum soup like crazy and they delivered perfection. It was amazing. The only downfall was the portion size. It was a little small, even for me, and I'm a very small girl, but I'd definitely come here again.
Are you serious?!\nThis restaurant is so ugly. There is absolutely no ambiance.\nThe food is average. The prices are high. \nI just don't get it....def a mistake was made coming here.
Not sure why the reviews are so bad...nice space, great patio, cheap prices, and friendly staff.  The burger and fries were good too!  My only complaint is that they don't serve the full menu at this location.
Wowzer! I stumbled into this place through yelp. Oh thanks to yelpers!  food here is amazing. AMAZING! Prices are even more attractive! Owners are very attentive and genuine. Definitely my new favorite place!  I wish I live closer :(
Fettucini from a can, anyone? \n\nIf you like paying $10 for tasteless pasta and sauces, this is your place!\n\nStay away and never look back.
Low prices and good service.  I use it when I'm in between big store runs.  When I only need $20 to $40 worth of stuff or so.  Bring your own bags or you can buy them for .05.
Do not try the flatizzas.  They are horrible!!  I wouldn't feed these to my dog!!  Not able to give them 0 stars or I would!!
Very small heart here \nPortion \nPrice\nTaste\nIngredients\nService\nNeeded to be upgraded!
The scallops were perfectly cooked and the corn soup with chilli oil showed a good concept of flavor balance.
Flies on the counter, greasy menus, rude employees, and out of beef ribs at 3:00 p.m.  I tried you twice and both times it was a failure.
Superb faux-meat restaurant in Montreal. Great service. I've been coming here for years.\nTheir salt and pepper shrimp, three flavor beef, and duck pad thai are fantastic.\nA definite must-try.
Wine was excellent, as was a very interesting presentation of french onion soup.  Instead of a crust of Gruyere, it had a cheesy breadlike crust.  Very tasty.  Steak was very good but not rare enough for me.
At 2am on a weekend night, the clientele is colorful, the service friendly and the food...well just forget about the food.  The food ranges from mediocre to bland.  Just be grateful there is a colorful place to go for a late night meal.
Don't waste stomach space on Maria2 in an area this full of tasty restaurants... sugary margaritas, sloppily presented meals, stale chips...\n\nYou can do better...
Guys here made an exception for me before they closed. They made it sound like they knew what they were doing. Said my AC was legit. Found out they are like EVERY OTHER CROOKED SHOP. JUst want your money and you get one thing.....Nothing
Definitely not worth the price.  Food is okay, but the service is terrible.  They are also not open for lunch on the weekends, which I think is strange.
Had the Caribbean traditional and it was amazing! I never had a Caribbean hot dog before but I was very impressed. The dog had lettuce, tomato, onions and a spicy sauce. The sauce was very good - not too spicy but just enough kick to make it delicious. Will definitely be returning to try more options!
High quality Japanese food at very reasonable prices!  The dishes are traditional japanese dishes each with a unique twist.  Waited about 40 minutes in line to get in for a seat at the bar.  The 48 hr pork bowl was great (like an upscale version of yoshinoya beef bowl).
Awesome deal for all you can eat. I came here for New Years Eve dinner and the staff totally took care of us. The food is fresh and quality is excellent. Don't order too much too fast. You can get the \"eyes bigger than stomach\" syndrome.
Think Johnny Rockets but with the ability to also order a burrito or waffle with your burger.  Eclectic menu for the eclectic part of Scottsdale.  Also, good value.
great indian food! they have a little different menu from the ordinary indian places, they have a lot of  \"modern dishes\" which is basically they put a little twist to the traditional indian dishes!
Best experience in Scottsdale!  My friends and I had a blast \n\nGreat for a work get together, bachelorette, or any occasions!
The white pizza is the only reason we ever eat there, and we ALWAYS take out. When we did eat in the dining area, the service was odd. I wasn't sure if  there was a waitstaff or I had to go to the window and pick up my food. The white pizza is where its at.
You can get salad pasta or just salad with $3-ish :)
Absolutely awesome addition to the hood.  Loved the seafood we'd grab Saturday on the common market patio.  So glad they got a store.  \n\nEverything i have gotten is super fresh.   I look forward to watching another neighborhood owned business grow before my eyes!!\n\nKudos and keep it up.
Good service and great drinks!
Dip trio and house made pita is absolutely wonderful. Skip the tzatziki and get the spicy feta and hummus. Mahi Mahi tacos aren't bad but lack a bit of flavor and the fish isn't very fresh. The Local Pear Cobbler is 5 stars!
The food was not good. Had the corned beef hash and it was bland. I asked for over easy eggs and they were over cooked. The price for the food is over rated. You need to make a change In your kitchen or your doors will close in 6 months tops!?or maybe less...
Augies sucks effen nasty... White nachos how bout no... Pretzel Burger how bout eff no 10000 thumbs down.!
Had to many problems with this hotel. My room key I had to bring to the front every day cause it stop unlocking my room so they had to reactivate it again. Poor customer service. Had to many issues for 4 days here. Last time I'll be staying here.
It is more like a big hill.  Love to watch the lightening storms from atop this place.  Don't some camels have 2 humps?
Great place not just to workout but to hangout with the family on the weekend! They just did a renevation to the upstairs level. Upgrade the Spa as well! Staff is very friendly and the personal trainers know their stuff! But you have to come in a check it out yourself :-)
I've been here plenty of times. The service is always great and fast, and the beans are amazing. \n\nHowever, the food is ok. Nothing crazy that I would crave. If you're looking for something different than filibertos, then this is a good spot to hit up.
Good place! If u want something a little more laid back this is the place to come! Plus the food is amazing! Coconut shrimp and lobster tacos are amazing!  Not a lot of women however took off their tops.. I was only one of the few that did.. Lol
This is a wonderful Target. They are so helpful and friendly. They act as if they enjoy thrir jobs. I especially appreciate Jeff st the starbucks counter for his extreme courtesy to me! Recently a lady at checkout gave me a tip about a great makeup product. OMG. Th!ank you Target
Excellent downtown Chandler steakhouse. Much better value, and in my opinion better steak, than Flemings. Filet is excellent and comes with salad and side, great price for around $25. Still not the steak you would get at Ruth Chris but then again its half the price.
Tater tots and cheese with pretzel are great. But since the management change and name changes wow has the quality gone downhill. Live in the neighborhood and all this is good for now is a beer and watching football. The food and service just is so disappointing.
The bartender was awesome! I believe he has some stake in the place because he acted like I was a guest in his home! After a perfect martini I enjoyed the best frog legs I've had. Crispy but succulent... Great restaurant and close to home! Can't wait to come back with my wife!!
Wonderful service.  Wonderful food.  Pf Chang never disappoints.   One of the best Hot n Sour soups ever.  Lettuce wraps are great.  All entres were excellent.  A great experience.  Thanks Stefanie for the nice service.
Good chicken gyro with Tatziki on side which I'm not a fan of but it was still good, just had to pour it on myself. Fast, friendly service as well. I will be back when I'm in the area.
Pretty boring food and the service was...well let's just say nonexistent.  There are so many other good places to eat, not quite sure why you would eat here.  Boring ( as in no flavor), luke warm food, and cold service....Yikes.
This place is just amazing.  The food, atmosphere, and service were just awesome.  I was a bit worried while I walked in because of how many people were inside and was thinking that it would take forever to get our order.  I was wrong.  Everything was swift.  Great place, and I would definitely come back here on a regular basis!
Had a great dinner here with friends.  The ambience is very nice and the service is great.  Really enjoyed my hangar steak and shrimp and real mashed potatoes and the vino was superb!  Highly recommend for a nice evening.
I had a great experience here! I got the European holiday and it was everything I needed to be! Feeling relaxed and rejuvenated...and had the best facial I have ever had. Kristy was great
Vons is one of my favorite markets in town. It has the best produce, fresh live herbs and extensive wines to choose from. I love that they also sell organic produce from local farmers and that they have a points system so you can earn discounts for gas.
Went out with some coworkers last friday to chicas bonitas. We had a pretty good time,  with the exception of having to wait 20 mins for a jager bomb. I proceeded to wake up with strep, shoulda skipped the bomb. I may go back, but i will not touch the glassware
Great place for traditional greasy breakfast. Large portion as well.
I thought it was a joke when I called inquiring about patio dining sets, and the guy who answered my call told me he didn't have a \"definitive answer on whether they did or did not\".....what the heck??!!!??
The chicken was really delicious. The palabok and Kare-kare was excellent. The service was fast and friendly. Will come back again.
Breakfast for dinner!  Awesome waffles, Bacon really peppery. I love it. Good bar too.
I had the Chicken Coconut Curry. It was delicious. I got the medium heat one and I had some sweat on my forehead. My family liked it too. I'm happy to find an Indian food restaurant that I like, very close to my house.
The service was less than stellar. Not to mention it's difficult to figure out who is a server because they are all dressed like runners. A little on the expensive side but the food and drink is pretty good.
Same great happy hour and food as the central location.  I did not note a difference in the food between both locations.  \nArcadia has a nice outdoor patio, I prefer the tables that sit halfway outside and halfway inside.  See if you can get one when you visit.  Enjoy anything with fig on it. :)
Best chlliquilles anywhere i have had them.....THE END!!!! I\ntravel 180 miles just to get them no one else compares yet...
Met my honey here on our very first date :) But - had some orange dreamsicle latte that was disgusting and it was also very very quiet in there - no music and tons of people studying, so it felt like a library. We had to leave just so we could talk.
I know little and less about bicycles other than how to put air in them and use them, and these people are great, super helpful and honest about what you need it seems, but time will tell! So far so good though.
Too bad. It has a good concept and friendly staff but the food is sorely lacking. I actually felt sick after eating for a bit.
Snagged an online deal for this place after I heard about it from friends; it was really great! The portions were generous, the prices were reasonable and the staff was very kind. They don't have a full bar here though, so plan accordingly.
Very accomodating staff as my party of 12 was delayed so we pushed the booking time back twice on the night.\n\n\n Good range of comfort food along the lines of what you'd expect in an American Diner combined with good meal deals and swift service make for a pleasant and unpretentious night out.
Worst outback I've been to. The service sucks and there food is not good. Very ran down so don't waist your time and money at this location. I do love outback tho, just not this location.
After watching check please, we were super excited to check this out.  Ordered the garlic naan, which smelled amazing.  The main courses were ok, I liked my vegetarian curry but the meat eaters in the group were disappointed with their meals.  Service was really slow (even though there was only one other table there).
What a terrific addition to the area. Real scones. Beautiful pastries. Great soup. The chef made me olive rosemary loaves special order. Just fantastic.
They have probably the best nachos supremo in the city. Their burrito is very filling and yummy. Everything made very fresh!
I love chocolate but the Maxwich and the Smores was just too chocolatey.\n\nService was phenomenal.
Updated from my previous review. I agree with the other groupon visitors. Wednesday night during Spring training and place was empty. One person working besides the kitchen. This place still had a Christmas tree in the middle of the restaurant. The food is subpar. It appears the owner has given up on this place, avoid going here.
The best car wash experience ever.  My vehicle has been outside for weeks and was covered with pine tree pollen and sap.  Alamo cleaned my vehicle to showroom new condition.  Alamo uses an air compressor and blows out all of the window and mirror crevices to make sure that water does not run down the vehicle.
Easily the best ramen I have had. The price is incredible for the quality of the food. The broth was flavorful and compliments each ingredient. Beware, the large size is HUGE. This is worth the trip.
My Mom and I, hit up this place for a girls lunch. We loved the atmosphere. We sat on the patio and the traffic from Cactus was not an issue at all. We split the prime rib sandwich and the Caesar salad. Both were very good. Service was spot on as well. We will definitely be back.
Really great ice cream and friendly service. What more can you ask for?\nBut the reason for the 3 star is because they dont fry the funnel cake fresh they warm it up in the toaster and you can really taste the diffence. . (Chewy)
Great people and atmosphere with great customer service. Went here after trying to find an adapter for my piece at two other shops. They ended up making an adapter to fit my piece perfect and im so happy with the work that he did.
I have been to this location 5-6 times and have enjoyed it each time. I am a big fan of the chimichanga with spicy sour cream. Their food is more traditional than some, so beware if you don't like spice. Matta's is in Mesa Riverview and their building is pretty cool.
The pizza is great, staff is great, place is clean, good drinks, just wish the management would bring back some karaoke nights in the bar area. Overall Great place.
The broth they use is spot on. The noodles tasted packaged. And the gyoza were definitely frozen. But its all worth a trip to this tiny little noodle house.
Probably My favorite place to go in Charlotte. A great restaurant for Indian and Indian fusion fare. I take customers here all the time and never had anyone not enjoy their meal. Besides the food the staff is excellent.
food is good because it's Barros but the appetizers and salads come out with the pizza... this is the third time its happened. the location in QC is waaaay better.
We had the pastrami burger ,lots of juicy tender pastrami and if that was not enough a burger to boot.  We always enjoy our meals here. .
I love this place!! I go there for my every car need and my cousin also goes here. They always give the best deals compared to the other places and even onlIne. My family has been shopping here for 6 years and good experience everytime!!!
The tacos I had here were decent and reasonably authentic. I sampled a few other food items which were also fairly tasty. The margarita was fine although nothing special... They have a nice rooftop deck which is open in nice weather and covered in the winter.
It took me a very long time to find the perfect salon. Now that I have found Tonic Salon, I'm never going anywhere else! From styling, color, cut .. these guys can do it all! They even served me some delicious sangria ! My stylist I always go to JANETTE. Shes a sweetheart!
I didn't think this place was particularly healthy and was just trying to imitate burgers, tacos, etc. with vegetables and fruit. I was hoping for something a little more interesting and different.
Very nice vape shop.. great selection of juice as well as their own line of Zen juice. Will definitely come again.
Come here early or all the yummy croissants will be GONE...my faves are the apricot, apple, chocolate or the original plain croissant.  Lots of mousse cakes and pastries too that are absolutely divine.
Low quality food! and as far as drinks, I ordered Ecstasy martini and I couldn't even drink it. It tasted really weird and I had to send it back. One good point though was they took that out of my bill.
If I was a local, this would be my spot. We sat out on the patio next door with our caps and could not have been happier!
Love it. Huge servings for a cheap price. Friendly staff, good food, and doesn't take forever to prepare. Will recomend to others!
Used the automatic car wash this morning and was NOT impressed.  My car was still dirty afterwards and the drying function at the end does not come close to drying the vehicle.  Waste of money in my opinion - I will not return to this car wash.
Overpriced, small portions. They need to increase the size to make it work or lower the price. The food is good, but not when you can get a nicer meal for a better price elsewhere.
Prior time that I went everything was wonderful. This time I went to go see the USA v. Ukraine soccer game and the doors were closed although they state they open @ 11am. A call was made after 11 am and nobody answered. Considering they are so new they are not doing a good job in opening in a timely manner.
Sandra is fantastic and very easy to talk to. She always makes me feel very comfortable during my appointments. Her prices are seriously unbeatable and scheduling is as simple as a text message. I love this place!
this place was cheap, delicious and had some of the best cake I've ever had in my entire life.  service was pretty good even with me being a greengo and I Ieft fuller and happier than I've left a restaurant in a long time.  my new favorite mexican place.
Absolutely horrendous.  This post office will lose your mail (repeatedly), laugh about it to your face, lie about it, blow it off, make it seem like it's your fault and make you wish you had sent it UPS.
I used to go here all the time -then they decide to change the menu and take off almost ALL  of my favorite things. WTH!!! very disappointing. but the food they still serve is ok. and drinks are cheap.
Sat for twenty minutes before someone arrived at the table. Service very slow. Meal arrived having sat under a heat lamp. Steak ordered medium rare was now dry and well done. Eggs were dead. Wine list had nice selection.
Awesome sushi. Nigiri sushi here is a must-try.
I ordered the chocolate pizza for the sheer curiosity of it.  My two stars are really for the pizza itself as thats the only thing i got and from the cashier outside so didn't dine-in. The pizza crust was too thick for my liking and chocolate wasn't enough. It was just ok. Would try something else though.
It is trendy and the music is good, but I found the menu to be limited and overpriced. It is okay, but I have had better sushi at two-thirds the price.
This was a Yelp discovery for us.  We were looking for a nice healthy alternative to the franchise fare and we found it here.  There is a huge menu with all kinds of delicious selections.  We liked it so much we stopped by for a second visit during our long weekend visiting Madison.
Was there on friday night and the food was below average. You could see only oil in the paneer and shrimp. Ginger mojito was not well made. The person who served us seemed to be in a hurry. Would never come back. Wonder why it is 4 starred on YELP.
The Chicken and the Perch were good, I recently visited Chicago and the food at the Harolds on 87th and the Dan Ryan was much tastier. I will be returning to my local Harolds again though.
Just moved here and was looking for a new nail salon. Glad I came here! Lisa did a great job! I love the selections of pedicures they have! I will definitely keep coming here!!
Tried this restaurant for the first time. It was not worth the money. Gyro meat did not taste authentic.  Very basic Gyro, but nothing impressive. I would not recommend.
Ooooh, I can't wait to come back here and try the pho! The banh mi was to die for. I can't even believe how much I ate!\n\nSome of what passes for good Vietnamese in Vegas, is highly questionable. But this seems to be the real deal!
This has been my family's Chinese restaurant of choice for years! Great food. Great service. Never been disappointed!\nPrice maybe slightly on the not-so-cheap side, but I think Chinese food in general isn't as cheap as it used to be. Still wonderful. Definitely check this place out.
This place just open and is really great! The food came out before I had even found a table and everything inside was clean and brand new. Staff was friendly and the food was pretty quality for the price!
I wasn't a fan of this place either. Very unprofessional. My dog loves everyone. Not these people.
love  it.. just  fantastic
This location is much better than any of the others I've been to in the easy valley. Very clean, very friendly staff.
Dining is not a pleasant experience tonight. My order was for hamburgers and they did not have any hamburgers so I had to place my order three times to get it right.  It's a bit chilly because of the weather and it is cold inside the restaurant and you will  need to wear your jacket while you dine .
Boquerones and manchego mac and cheese were pretty good! Tres leches cake was also nice. Should have gone with the full pitcher of Sangria. Can't wait to try the paella next time.
This is a hidden place in the corner of a strip mall. There is a great little patio by a fountain, and the inside is also nice, but small. I would highly recommend the avocado bruschetta and the shrimp and corn tamales. Very reasonable prices for the high quality and thoughtfully prepared food.
Great brisket (also in steak and eggs for brunch), and pretty delicious ribs (though they tend to be hit or miss). I also like their brussels sprouts! Plus, you can order any drink from Harvard & Highland.
Veronica and her husband were so easy to work with! I would definitely recommend renting from them. We were in town for a trade show and they made everything so simple and seamless for us! They delivered and picked up everything and the rentals were perfect! Looking forward to working with them again in the future.
Fast and Hot! Love the lunch time special and the online ordering ability.
I think their food is good. A-typical safe, family friendly seafood.\n\nBut I do question a seafood place hundreds of miles from an ocean. Just how fresh can that refrigerated fish be?
Comical. I did in fact leave you a message with my name and number before posting a negative response on here! Your voicemail Cynthia was full ... so I left a message with the operator. #Surprisesurprise you responded to a negative comment on yelp but not to your own messages. #goodgame
One of a kind dining experience at a 2-star Michelin restaurant, but will cost you a fortune. Basic tasting menu was $125 pp and truffle tasting menu was roughly double that. Each course was excellent, unique and delicious, decor was upscale, with a lovely view of the Bellagio fountain, but be prepared to spend.
Super professional office- they always run on time and communicate clearly and effectively about your treatment plan, billing, and appointments.  I appreciate that they do not attempt to upsell.  Dr. Vrenon and his staff are friendly and demonstrate a caring attitude toward their patients.  Highly recommend!!
Great atmosphere, wine, and service.  Just please add some bottles of wine under $30, everyone else does!
We had a great brunch. Good ambiance, service and food! Will definitely go back next time we're in Vegas.
I hate to say it, but they have gone down hill since the last time I went there. Still better than average, but not a good trend here.
The staff here are all friendly. One of the ladies had me bring in the brand I was feeding my dog and she reviewed the ingredients. She helped me find a brand that wasn't only comparable but better! Her knowledge was way better than the average big brand pet store employee. Love this place! Selection is great and staff really care.
I walked up while the manager was cashiering. He was talking.inappropriately about a girl who.asked for an application and made it very awkward when ordering. I dont appreciate sexist people so I'll order from Auntie Anns now.
Since I moved Vegas have heard about this place. Gave it try today. Was very disappointed. Place is overhyped, mediocre food. Won't be going back.
I guess the saying 'you get what you pay for' is true for this particular buffet. I've experienced much better. I won't ever come back because there are much better buffets around the strip. Sorry.
I was disappointed, security guys were crappy,line was crappy and music was crappy... But inside was pretty and updated...
Honest, trustworthy, fair pricing, flexible. I feel very fortunate to have found a mechanic i dont have to doubt!
One of the few places where you can get a coffee / food on the outside of security. Make sure you mark the location!  Second Floor (baggage on zero).  The only downside...wireless access not the greatest. May have to sit closer to front for reception.
All I can really say is WOW!  I absolutely love this place... The Carne Adovada is by far my favorite, and a close second is the Spicy Asiago chicken.  The service is always great, and the renovations they've made to the joint are wonderful - it's really a very pleasant place to visit.
If I could pick ONE word to describe this location, it would be... GROSS. The store, the people who go there, the parking lot, the area, it is just all gross. I would advise everyone to go to the next better one on 101 and Chaparral.
Just don't bother.  Sub par food, slow service, and over priced.  Go to Einstein's of you want a decent bagel that isn't dry and bland.   Even after the request to toast my bagel it was still cold.  You also have to spend your own cream cheese.
Crappy cashier stood and stared at me instead of greeting me. Place was full of redneck-types and whatnot too. I only went here because we needed to stop by the post office before getting some food in the morning, and now I've learned my lesson.
I had the chicken fried steak and it was delicious. Their signature biscuits are really good. Great job living up to your namesake. I will def be back.
This place is still good and they offer name brand 2 liter soda bottles for 99 cents.  I finally tried the restaurant which had a special of a hamburger, drink, and fries for 3.89 and it was delicious and a ton of food for the price!
Great coffee and snack selection.  They are friendly and efficient.  I usually end up here more than I expect because Einstein Bagels next door tends to let me down, so I walk right over here and they consistently great.
Best pizza in Arizona. Arizona had been waiting for this for a long time!!  We were customers in IL and the owners have kept up the exact same quality and service!!  We didn't want to move back to IL to have great pizza!!!  Thank you Buzzyz for always delivering a superior product.
Great food & atmosphere
Loving my time with friends and our GREAT instructor Melissa!  What a great opportunity to spend time with friends.
Working in The 'Burgh for a few days!\nBut my room has a bit of a funk when I start up the ac...\nClean the ac condencers folks....
Delicious, filling, healthy. I will be back!
I would go here over Honda dealership next door anytime! Service pricing is pretty much the same, better staff, better overall experience. Brad was knowledgable and helpful. They just earned a customer for as long as I will reside in Vegas area. Thank you for taking good care of me, I give you two thumbs up!
So disappointed. The last time when it was pretty new it was good. This visit was horrible.  Carne Asada was overcooked and looked disgusting. The waiters seem uninterested in helping and only made the occasional pass by.  The place was deserted. Management needs to get their act together and bring this place back to life.
I've never met such nice instructors before I've been to hot yoga where they call you out and make you feel uncomfortable during class but not here!
Now called Oasis Raspados.\nNew owners and employees.\nNot so great service but good products.
nice and fun place to experience.  I like the fact that this place is right off the strip and you can experience the water show from across the street.  I ordered one of their burgers.  It was ok but nothing too amazing.  The experience was cool.
I am in love with this sandwich shop. Delicious!!!
Nice clean place;  can get busy at lunch; today I noticed some serious attitudes amounst the crew here.  They seem very apathetic;  this may point to a management issue with this location.
Mediocre is great description. There are far better places. Pizza was bland, dishes were dirty, service was ok....
Nice place with a wide selection of beer and decent food options. A bit overpriced. My pet peeve is being asked to close out my tab because my server's shift has ended. Good for 1 out of 3. Food for server, bad for customer and business.
Great service last Thursday when I was holiday shopping. The shoes I wanted were not in stock but they offered to mail them to me free of charge. They said they couldn't guarantee they would arrive by Christmas but Friday evening at 6pm there was a knock at my door and they were delivered! Amazing!
Best breakfast burritos!!! Such good food, their Lengua Taco's are the BOMB!
Nothing bad about this place. It's fun. Upscale. Great food. Great people. Great customer service.
This place has delicious Mexican food. Love there chips and salsas and beans and rice. The restaurant is Nicely decorated and the service was amazing. Highly recommend coming here.
Awesome neighborhood pub.  They know how to poor a Guinness correctly and are very knowledgeable about their outstanding Whisky selection.  I've found it rare in AZ that a bartender knows much about Whisky, so it was a pleasant surprise to get such good tips from our bartender.  I will definitely be back!
sandwiches are GREAT and full of flavor....soups are BAD. just order the chips. Great options for vegetarians and their ingredients are high quality. Employees are super friendly.
Great food for a pub place. Excellent choice for lunch as well. They always have daily specials. The service is fast and friendly and the food is reasonably priced, good portions and very tasty. I had the regular hamburger the last time I was there but the jerk chicken over coconut rice looked amazing good.
The coffee is good. The food is good. The service sucks. Their employees are always talking between themselves and don't seem able to smile at their customers. I still go from time to time because I like their lattes, and every time I wish there was a smiley, friendly person behind the counter, which is never the case.
Good pub grub, good comraderie, and lots of overall fun. It's a loud, noisy, hole-in-the-wall with good food and lots of shouting at Habs games.
Chilaquiles are different but excellent. The manger handled a situation with another customer, fixed a wobbly table and bussed a table in the 3 minutes I was watching. Very professional staff. Decent, unique bloody Mary and good beers.
Wonderful find and I am going again soon.  If you are tired of Vegas Strip food, then go to China Town.
Way too pricey for the chain. I realize I'm stuck at the airport, but the combos are $1-2 more expensive than anywhere else. I'd hate to wait in line if they were very busy aswell. Otherwise, the food is what you expect.
Really nice nail shop.  The pedicure room is nice in a fish bowl kinda way, decent pedi for $20.  The lady that did my pedi was nice and not overly chatty.  If back in town I would come again.  Many many shellac polish colors too.
I really hope it's better if u actually go to the restaurant. I ordered delivery and it was not good at all. The flavor wasn't too bad but the noodles were really mushy.
The best thing about this outlet center is that it is indoors and rain or heat wave, you can still shop comfortably.  The selection could have been better.
Went here with my beautiful and perfect girlfriend who is absolutely just a blessing in my life and ordered her whatever her heart desired for lunch. Portions were huge, waiter was awesome, we were full, and cheesecake was delicious even after being snuck into the movie theatres. I gave this place a 4 because it was like 60 bucks for lunch..
We got picked up from our hotel with this bus company. Felt it was a but disorganized for such a large company. People were just hopping on the bus, ask questions later. We got transferred over to a 3rd party company to continue our trip to the Grand Canyon.
Best gyros, athens fries are amazing! Service is usually really good.
Best banana pudding in Charlotte!  Servers are friendly and southern, food is very good.  Be sure to ask about the specials, they often source these from King's farmers market.  They are also happy to share their secret ingredients on the banana pudding, salad dressing, etc.
Came back again this year and was underwhelmed. The food was pretty good, but the service was truly awful. The hostess could teach the old guys working the room a thing or two about hospitality (she was great!), but I doubt they'd listen. The meal didn't live up to the price.
Pretty good, not the best but very far from bad. Haven't been disappointed yet and we eat here about once a week. The Thai basil is really good as well as the steak salad.
Little gem.  The chef is simply genius.  \nDishes not to miss: scallops sashimi, bib lettuce black cod, yellowtail sushimi, soft shell roll. Live uni the best I ever had.
Service was a bit slow, they forgot one of my parties order and joked about it after. Noodled were fresh and good, portion was a bit small, good price, and soup was okay.
Safe place to have dinner.  Quality of food was up to their normal standard.  As usual the noise was not conducive for good conversation.  But the food was a welcome comfort after being on the road all week.
The run great ticket specials, have good security, decent food (although pricey) and I've experienced some of the best shows ever seen there!
Horrible and slow service... Few food options...Waiters told us we could not make minor modifications to salads... Not going back
Wonderful food in a very unusual setting.  The prices are very affordable and they can accommodate large groups.  The store carries an odd assortment of collectibles, antiques and used items, I had a lot of fun browsing after my meal.  The staff is very friendly.
Love the atmosphere! Pesto chicken fettuccine was AMAZING!!! Ceasar salad was great too!
I didn't like the stuff I tried here. The chocolate truffle was not good and the lemon bar was lacking in tartness and tasted like it was sitting on the shelf a while. I don't want to completely count them out based on just the two things I tried, so I'd give them another chance.
Had the buffet. Not many people in there tonight so the selection of pizza seemed minimal tonight. Overall - just ok pizza. Air conditioning must not have been working either.
\"We asked for Mojo Nixon / they said he don't work here / we said if you don't got Mojo Nixon / then your store could use some fixin'\" - Dead Milkmen, \"Punk Rock Girl\"
Some days on the way to work I will make a stop here... I order the same thing The Southwestern bagel sandwich it's always really good I would say split it with someone it's really a lot of food plus it comes with a cup of fresh fruit... It's a good start to a day I would say.
Awesome soup dumplings and a wonderful place for Shanghai. Every time I visit I come here to eat and the owners recognizes me. The service is also good! If one of the workers don't understand me they quickly let the other waiter know I need something. \n\nTheir crab soup dumplings are my favorite :)
Wow! Tiny little place in a strip mall serving up great Italian food! The Risotto Rice Balls are delicious. Service is friendly - and welcoming. Give it a try?
Great Service! Reliable and friendly! They aloud me to keep my car on the lot for a day until they transfered the right tire to their location. They were swift to repairs and they aligned my tires, so now I have a smooth ride!
Great bar. They have great food specials everyday. Sports bar with 10 TV's. Bartenders are the best in Tempe. 5 stars.
I went there today and the food was pretty good, but what grossed me out was the fact that the lady taking orders and bringing out food was also cleaning the bathrooms\nthey should have a separate crew for that! eww
Great  Italian pasta dishes at a reasonable price!  Family ordered 4 different pasta entrees & all love their meals!  We also enjoyed their garlic knots too!  Highly recommend!
I have to say that every time I take my C230 in for servicing, I get treated very well.  Dustin D. is an awesome service writer that treats you like a friend instead of a customer.  That is what keeps me coming back for the last 9 years. Keep up the excellent work.
Tried it again today- so hot in there! It doesn't seem to be air conditioned, there are large fans but they are blowing hot air around. Very uncomfortable and my kids couldn't jump for their overpriced hour due to the heat.
I always get gas when i eat here. And I smell like Pho for a week. Whats with cash only?!? They must be making a killing form the Atm they have in there. Greedy fucs...
Wow this is the late night food at the Wynn? Pretty excellent service and food all around. My fettuccini carbonara w poached eggs was absolutely delicious. Pretty ridiculously nice for the late spot smack in the middle of a casino.
For the amazing price and the variety of food its not that bad. Some taste authentic and others almost hit the spot. But overall very good and full tummy!!!
The menu selection is excellent.  The server asked us where we wanted to sit, but sat us somewhere completely different and she was really slow in getting us our check.  But the food was great.
Not bad, but not worth $250 for 2 people. There are way better steakhouses on the strip like Cut and delmonico. If you don't like the strip then go to Flemings, way fresher food for half of the price.
This place sucks!. Waste of money.. Very bad food and service.. I went for lunch buffet, there were no options at all.. the food tasted bad and one of the dishes was spoiled.. Worst indian place ever!
I am thrilled the Vig has moved to the Central Phoenix hood. Make sure you try the \"Take Bethany Home\" beverage...my favorites - cucumber vodka, watermelon, fresh lemon & agave nectar.
If you are trying to decide what charity is most worthy of your contributions, donate to Gracie's Cottage.  Come see for yourself how this thrift store does everything from supporting the local community to supporting missionaries around the world.
Good food and great service. Stopped in for lunch and was pleasantly surprised. Will definitely be back. They have a limited menu but everything on it looked good, I would definitely recommend them.
If you want forever in the drive thru and be forgotten about the come here. The whole two lane thing isn't working here. I won't be back.
Really good service. We sat at counter. Waitress was fast and nice. Off the strip at Vegas
The place is clean and they did an ok job with the pedicure. I was expecting atleast a 5 minute foot massage if not more but the person doing my pedicure spent less than a minute massaging each foot.
Fantastic!! Love the Ramen! There's definitely a wait but worth it. Get the Gyoza and Miso Ramen. I get the Spicy Miso Ramen with extra bamboo shoots. Yummmmy!!
The staff here are amazing! My favorite Dane location.
Amazing food. Amazing service. Hands down the best!
This is a really unique restaurant. Its really quite. It feels like your walking through a house. The food is extravagant. Great place to study.
This place smells like ass can anyone confirm that this place stinks.. like the smell.. as my daughter would say \"ewww gross!!!\" In a one year olds voice while she's holding her nose...
I have no idea how good the service is or how good the food is. I came here on a scavenger hunt and it was PACKED with lovely ladies. I will be back.
They say they are open till 2:00 AM. At 1:20 we went there and they were closed with all the chairs stacked up on tables.  I called and the message says they are closed. They get 1 star for being liars.
Had a very well prepared meal (crap cakes followed by lamb shank... curried lamb with kale and fennel).  Service was good.  A bit pricey but not outrageous.\n\nOh, and the wait staff and bartender were gorgeous and leggy as advertised:)
Pricey for gelato - paid almost $6 bucks for a 2 scoop cone. Also, there was nothing special about it. It's definitely not a place I'd go out of my way to go to again. Just another shop that pushes cream :-/
Poor customer service... Parking at this location is atrocious.  Please be aware that this place is horrible for groups. I'm done with Bachi burger and the  poor customer service and food
love it!!! great filipino buffet. we love the staff. great place to go anytime of the day
The happy hour here is fantastic. The sushi too!  Our waitress was very attentive and gave good suggestions. The Viva Las Vegas roll is a must.  Looking forward to going back!!  $2 and $3 beers too!
Went to Switch as part of the lightrail pub crawl.\n\nNot impressed.\n\nI may go back to experience it as a restaurant, but as a bar it's nothing I'd revisit.
26$ hamburger was great after a night of partying. This one good thing about this place is that it is open to 5am.
Me and my date stopped in last night and loved this place! The bartender was very professional and extremely friendly, he knew the menu and the drinks very well. The atmosphere and music was great. We had the BBQ shrimp, it was fabulous! I would definitely go back!
The mall itself is ok, but appears to be going down hill slightly. The recession has definitely taken its toll on the small business owners here. Multiple stores have closed and there don't seem to be any \"Coming Soon\" signs to announce a replacement. Still its better than Metro Center Mall.
After a tiring and busy week I need a friend to aid me with old automobile... And it's a serious thing that fast and friendly is here to help me out! Our auto needs also a special treatment.
My iPhone 4 had a crack in glass.  Carl the lead tech was friendly upon receiving my phone.   Had it repaired and ready when promised. Overall the store layout is very clean  and uncluttered.  Good experience.
I found a great deal from Groupon and decided to take advantage of this AWESOME offer. The tech was super friendly and knowledgeable.  She made us feel super comfortable and I didn't feel rushed to complete our session. Would definitely recommend this place!
Loved this place. Went a few months back and service was wonderful and food tasted delicious!
Nice beautiful place. The food was okay.\nAppetizers: Calamari, Beet Salad, and Lobster Bisque - total recommend\nEntrees: Penne ala Vodka and Penne Seafood Alfredo was under cook.
Yuck! Do yourself a favor and go out of your way to find a Chipotle or Qdoba, they are SOOOOO much better. Chicken looked processed and was cold, the veggies were mushy and the rice they use sucks. Stay away.
We went there for breakfast. The reviews weren't making me too excited, but actually, not bad at all. Very good variety, but the food quality was about average for a Vegas buffet. A bit expensive but you're on the strip, so you pay for that. Typically cheezy luxor decor.
I heard mixed reviews about Lure. We decided to try it out yesterday. This place has a great atmosphere. The food was delicious and service was great. I dont have anything negative to say.
I've been three times and the food has been great.  Seems no one knows how good this place really is.  Great undiscovered Italian food for locals.
My tacos were good, the wait for the tacos was not.   Additionally, I do not dig the order and then seat yourself as it begets jerkys who hoard seats and people who get their food and can't sit down to eat it.
Beet salad=small, bread=free, pastas=too oily, philly cheese steak sandwich=awesome (jeffs meal) and YEA here is why such a poor review. $8 a beer. really why?
A really nice, family-owned restaurant. Solid shrimp fajitas, perfectly seasoned. Friendly and attentive service. A great answer to cookie cutter corporate mexican food. Will return soon.
The food here is always not the way you ordered it. Also the waitress and managers will give you attitude if you ask for it the way you ordered it. Came to watch sports and have a beer you might be ok but the glasses taste like cleaner. Sports bar quality is was it is but this location is the worst!
Great food, friendly service. Perfect for lunch.
Rude receptionist ..does not know about  co-pay..spent 10 mins double checking with Blue Cross ..as many others ..could not help me..wasted 50 bucks...And whats up with the Doctors dog in the lobby..Could not hear Doc explaining results with dog barking!!!
$8.00 for a small, Deli-Sandwich and a tablespoon of Potato Salad. \nQuality is good but portion size for price is not.\nLocation is everything here and probably the only reason for the revenue to stay in operation.
OMG!!! LOVED this Place!!! Great food, some of the best uni i've ever had!!! Can't wait to come back here!!
I'm on the fence on whether I like Aria or Cosmo better, but I know for sure that I like playing poker in Aria, so it is all the more convenient to stay there.
Really screwed place where you order before, while one goes shopping food arrives and they insist person ordering has to be there mind you that you're in the system and have ordered while other places are courteous and respectful. Gave them ID and 2nd card for security and yet no. Sent food back. Checking card for refund!
I decided to take out from here while staying at Mandalay.   Good Burger!  I had the Traditional American with the fat fries.   It is a gourmet burger so expect to pay more than usual.
Everything has been said about this place so I'll just say that the room was fantastic, the food was okay but Hakkasan was terrible (:
ROX in the Pharmacy is so kind.  I was just leaving Quick Care UMC...needed FIVE scripts filled!  She hustled and filled them just in the nick of time...they were closing and I really needed these MEDS after the hospital.  Great Service!!!!!
This place is awesome, she's all for pet rescue and I love the fact there are NO kennels. If your dog needs to be kept away from other dogs he/she will have their own room. Love this place!
Special spot until everyone knew about it. Lol. Stop by after Marquis or just because. We knew everyone would eventual stroll in here and glad they do. Love the white pizza with spinach and a side of pizza sauce for dipping.
1st visit to Smashburger after my wife suggested trying it. Very pleased. The food was great, it was clean with a great atmosphere. Will be back many times for sure.
Wir mussten mehr als eine Stunde auf unsere Pizza warten und diese schmeckte nur m\u00e4\u00dfig.
I came here with my family and we had an amazing dinner , food was delicious , I would give 5 stars but I can't ,due to the fact the I saw a  Roach under the table ): . \n\nI will definitely come back here again .
The thin crust pizza is tasty.  However, the garden salad is merely iceberg lettuce.  The wait staff is lacking, once the pizza was brought to the table,  the waitress did not return until she brought the check. So while the pizza is good,  hard to enjoy with no beverage.
More of the same.  Coffee is decent, Wi-Fi is limited during peak hours, and the place is jammed packed most of the day.  This city needs more Wildflower.
The atmosphere was nice. The potato soup was yummy. Decent service. After that everything else stinks. Over priced bland food.
Make sure that you are not in hurry when you come here. You need to stay at least 1 hour before you go inside. The service at the front desk was fast and friendly. The RNs and my doctor was nice and commutative.
the store is clean and staff are nice. i come here for snacks and dog treats. i mean come on, $1 for every item. can't beat that. I prefer this over 99 cent store.
Unfortunately, this place is on a downward trajectory it appears. Many businesses have closed and there are many vacancies. The ones that are there, apart from the Asian Market have changed hands. Not bad, but not worth a special trip.
Worst service EVER. They broke my car seat on my Mercedes CLK 500 & did not own up to it. This business must have changed hands to another owner because it's not at the same level of service that I had in the past. \n\nReal reviews, really.
Still a bit in the middle on this place.  Fairly pricey for good food.... UNLESS you catch the \"Happy Hour\" in which there are some deals to be had.
German pancakes, Swedish pancakes, one side of sausages, two coffees for. $34.  Way too high for OK food.  Long wait to get table when only few customers eating and had to ask someone to send waitress to take order.  Would not return.
Haven't stayed overnight here but the bar is awesome! Love the atmosphere.
I think I stepped in dog shit here.  The sight inside the bathroom is so jarring that it actually hurt my feelings.\n\nHoly shit, did you just pour me an 18oz glass full of vodka? You, sir, are a saint.  However, you work in a pile of poo.
People really love this place.  Stylish?  Yes.  Good prices?  Sort of, more expensive than I thought it would be.  It is good, but I wasn't blown away.  I thought it was rather average.  Maybe I just don't like Chinese food that much.  I actually think I prefer PF Changs.
Simply put...I've had better.  I ordered two meals with fried rice.  The rice contained hard pieces that were uneatable, yuck!  Crab ragoons had an imitation crab flavor and sadly to say, I think Panda Express does it better.
The food was absolutely delicious and the staff was as nice as can be.
My husband and I tried this place a week or two ago and LOVED IT! Everyone was nice and it was busier than we thought. Didn't take long to get our food. AHHH ITS SO GOOD!
Just love this place and it's food!  Not only is the food fantastic the service is great.  We never had to go without drinks for too long and everyone there was so nice.  They had free entertainment and it was an all around nice experience.
The quality of the food here is pretty consistent and good BUT the last few trips to Sauce in Chandler have produced meals that are barely warm and the portion size has shrunk to the size of a kids meal. :(  Unfortunately, tonight we had to send two meals back - both were lukewarm at best.
The woman who answers the phone was very kind and full of good humor. The gentleman who completed the work was kind and honest about pricing. I called in the morning and after a long work day, the gentleman came at dinner to help me out with our plumbing issue. Thank you for the great service!
Great atmosphere and AMAZING food! The cocktails are carefully crafted and tasted great.
The food was good.  The seating was full, but of course when your in downtown and it is lunch time, what else would you expect?
Just a quick update - this KFC shut down just a few weeks ago. \n\nThere still might be someone in line tho...
again....the freaking pizza cookie. how can you not just fade away into bliss when eating this thing....it it it it is ridiculous!
Plus side: Kitchen included cooking/eating utensils, clean, near Tempe hot spots. Bad side: can get a little noisy, staff was non-existent, and housekeeping services can be an extra charge. Overall, for the price charged this is a pretty decent deal.
Very friendly front office staff, almost always close to on time (I am operating under the assumption that nobody in any type of medical-type environment ever runs right on time), reasonable prices, same-day and next-day appointments available. Overall very pleased with the service every time I come.
This beauty supply store has everything and then some, but with all beauty supply shops you have to have an idea of what you need to make yourself beautiful because no sales people come up and educate you on the vast products that they have. They take their clientele for granted.
Cozy and trendy...\nA global experience!\nSensory Escape.
Worst service! Will never go back. It is too bad because the food  is decent. Our waitress was a total moron and never put in a bunch of rolls we ordered!
It's nice to find a healthier buffet option. They have plenty of vegetables and other salad toppings to choose from.
Love this place! Great wine selection and good deals on Tuesday!  Cool atmosphere too.  Definitely one of my favorite places to go.
While the service itself is fine, the wait to schedule an appointment is not.  I called today (mid April) to schedule a cleaning.  They have nothing until mid-August.  Unacceptable.  After 10 years of dealing with this kind of scheduling issue, I've decided to change dental practices.
I had a rubber band in my baked potato yuk so disgusting. It was from either sombodies hair or who knows . Never going back
Again my husband liked this Asian restaurant better than I did. It was little too bland for me. I'm Asian so I need rich spicy flavorful blend of spices.
Love it. Everything is delicious and everyone is friendly. Feels like the kind of coffee shop I would come across in a quaint vacation town and wish we had at home (if that makes sense?). Love the kids play area.
Larissa  was very  nice to show us the makeup and she even took time to apply on herself for us to see,she was exactly .We bought some items,very good and I and my friend use to be makeup artist ourself
I went in today for half price and the bar tender Chiara and the servers Lindsay Santana and mandi were amazing!! Great food and great service I well defiantly be back
I got my first pair of winter boots this season from Cole Haan. The gentleman that helped me was fantastic.\n\nOverall, a great store with both men/women sections.
Have been here a couple of times. The food is great and so is the service. Love this place.
A let down...\nread more...\nhttp://www.thaifoodaficionado.com/2012/06/nitaya-thai-champaign-il.html
Like a Denny's. Big parking lot and short walk to the door   Wait to be seated. The place looked unkept but the only waiter was quick to take our order and the food arrived fast. Can't complain about the price. A chef salad and deep fried shrimp dinner for $15.
This buffet has gone from a very good dinner at an exelent price to: soggy salad, salty pasta and rubbery prime rib, the desserts are still at the same great taste though. Vegas is supposed to be known by it's cuisine, but lately it has been found overpriced and wanting.
Sushi Pizza - Enough said
I had a Penthouse Presidential Suite! I will never forget this trip. It was THE best stay i have ever had with luxurious accomadations. Thank you Golden Nugget, i will be back!
I had to take my dermal out and Justin aka OJ was very nice, helpful quick and clean.  I will go to him again for any piercing needs.\n  I didn't get charged for the removal, but I did tip.
when you're in a pinch, go.  But be forewarned.  You're cuticles will be a mess a day later.  Ragged and tearing.  And the coat that put on last....say no....because it may look nice, the the polish with chip within the week.
Had a carne asada chimi I found it dry without a lot of favor.  Chips and salsa good I'll try something else on the menu before writing off
1. Overloaded Hospital staff.\n2. Lack of communications nurses to Hospitalist.\n3. Wrong food, repeatedly\n4. Lack of proper medications\n5. Very poor communications patient to admitting doctor\n6. Noisy room\n7. Poor sanitation and cleanliness
Yappy Happy Hour is the 3rd Thursday of every month.  It cost s 10 bucks to get in but you get a ticket for a free beer or house wine.  The money goes to support the animal foundation and you can bring your dog to come and hang out for happy hour!  Supper fun!
I am am a small business owner and Jeff at Brakes Plus takes care of my service vehicles and my personal vehicle. Honest and fair priced. They always get the work done in a timely fashion. They always give me options when it comes to fixing the vehicles. Artie- Phoenix,AZ
Love the food! Best meat kabobs I've had.the rice is to die for ! The hummus is yum! So well worth it ..,but the service could be a little better, maybe faster ?... Usually order and take it home because my kids get restless waiting for a long time.
Not as many stores as Las Vegas Premium Outlets North, but stilll a great place to shop. Stores are all infoors, so great place to shop when it's either REALLY hot or REALLY cold & raining outside. Located only 3 miles from Mandalay Bay. I'll be back. :)
Pretty good food, although its kinda loud inside, and you can't drink outside. I agree, too much cred. The food is okay, but the lousy drop out student service SUCKS.
Is there any need to charge \u00a34.50 for a pint of Guinness? I'm also used to getting my main course at dinner served hot rather than tepid.\n\n\n No complaints about the courteous staff though.
A good pub, not great. We really liked the shepards pie but were disappointed with the organic chicken pot pie. The chicken seemed overcooked and the portion was a bit small. We liked the beer on tap. The vibe here is good and it does approximate an English pub, minus the curry. We would try it again.
Don't eat here much anymore. It seems they are ALWAYS out of one or another items. Biscuits more than once and twice they were out of CHICKEN! It's KFC! How do you run out if chicken!?!
If you are looking for fresh & delicious food look no further my friend. The service was fast and friendly and served with a smile. They even let me sample the horchata! The restaurant was clean and they are even open 24hr. I will be back!
Went here on a recent trip to Montreal. Did not find the prices too expensive though we kept our plates on the lighter side. Got some seitan I was not crazy about but there was some delicious veg pate turnovers. Good place to grab a quick meal and you can also buy beer and wine.
I'm a fan of this restaurant. It's a cute place with good food. It's down some stairs and has very nice ambiance for a semi-nice/semi-casual dinner or lunch. They have rice or injara curry dishes and lentil stuff. All very good.  I like the peanut stew.
Oh my god.  How does this place not have five stars?  I have never seen so many women so happy in my entire life.  And I'm one of them.  I lost all my cash and my voice while screaming in excitement all night, and I didn't even realize I was doing it.  So worth it.
This is a gourmet pizza place so Completely different than most. They don't have some traditional toppings and no ranch. You don't need it though, it's delicious wood fired pizza. They use good meats which is why its a bit pricier. Their pesto pizza is really good too!
Highly recommended!  I ate pho combination. First, the broth so tasty but light. And service was amazing, fast, friendly. \nThen I ordered to go tofu fried spicy chef specialty (I think). It was awesone!!!
Not very personable. Food was the same price as a full restaurant but all you get is a few tables and hard chairs. Don't eat in! Food was good but the price was a bit on the high side
Enjoy the Vietnamese food the staff was friendly huge portions I would definitely get a couple of dishes for 5 friends and everybody share family style.
Super friendly staff, good prices, and I've heard rave reviews of the live entertainment they get.  Wish they had a menu, but it's just a little place.
Sucked, ordered a BBQ Chicken Sicilian pizza and they gave me a regular. There was no BBQ sauce in it. The seafood calzone had more bread and grease then actual meat. And the service was shit. No more from me.
Appetizers are pretty good and dessert are off the charts.   The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is their entrees are not very good and I've tried about 5 different ones now.   However, you dont go there to eat lunch or dinner.  You go there to indulge and the desserts are insane.
this place has a shuffleboard table and a nice dive bar ambiance.  Don the weeknight bartender was voted best bartender in Madison by the Isthmus' reader's choice poll.
I have to say I always like Monte's.  I love the chicken and burgers.  But this time I ordered the prime rib.....,AMAZING.  I ordered it rare and it was super delicious.
Beef Wellington tasty but wasn't amazing. \nChicken perfectly cooked and had good flavor. \n\nOver priced menu, uninspired flavors nothing to really bring me back,, exciting vibrant atmosphere, incredible service.
What can I say about a laundromat? It's clean and well staffed, no creepy dark corners, the machines are maintained and cleaned, and there's free parking with a little japanese grocer next door.  It's a little more expensive than a regular laundromat, but worth it.
Out of the 5 or so RCCF's around Las Vegas I like this location the best.  The staff here have always been friendlier than the other ones.  The chicken fingers as good as any...\n\nBe a Caniac Maniac!!!
This is my favorite place in noda. Cheap food and the best cheese fries.
It's better than Spanish fly because it has more pool chairs, but the ground it way to hot to walk on. Drinks are good but pricey. Either valet or plan on parking down the street as they don't have many spots.
I enjoy Great Dane Pub's in Madison but I will never go back to this one. The service is absolutely horrible and the bartenders are extremely rude. Stay away.
4 for food. 3 for ambience. Not a fancy place but a weekday dinner was calm and peaceful. Food is really really tasty !!
Check this place out. The drinks are fantastic! They have a live band, I believe every night... Good service at the table and at the bar. We had a great time. Went there 2 nights in a row.  Country music makes you happy :)
Holy smoke! This place is sooo slow! The people act like they don't want to work there.  Rude to customers.  Waited 20 minutes for rolled tacos, and I'm sure the wait would have been longer if I didn't ask about my order.  I won't burn up my lunch hour here ever again!
Just got my italian sandwich.\nService was fast\nFrench bread is good and soft\nAlthough, I generally would like my sandwich to be toasted, I would rate the sandwich a 4 star rating.  It tastes very good and i would come here again.
The food is mostly tasty but way voerpriced for the quality. Try the med grill a few blocks down. Much better.
Canned peas and carrots in shrimp with lobster sauce.  Service was friendly but it couldn't overcome what was quite possibly the worst Chinese food I've ever had.
They have Boba! that alone gives them 5 stars! Finally a good boba place in north las Vegas :)
I love to watch the bartenders!  It is a well-oiled machine they have going, and the cocktails are yummy.  Prices aren't the cheapest, but you get what you pay for.  Food is good, too.
Had a great experience this past weekend when my husband and I purchased two new mountain bikes. Staff was friendly and very helpful! We love our new bikes and will definitely be referring this place to friends and family.
When for brunch... Solid food, good service, and the interior is beautiful.  There is a grab-and-go market with sandwiches and pastries.  Good wine, beer and drink menu.  You pay a little extra for being at Scottsdale Fashion Square.
Since my last review, I have been back probably 10 times and enjoyed it every time.  The breakfast is so delish and the smoothies are great as well.  Staff is super friendly and the atmosphere is bright and vibrant.  A good place to stop after a bike ride around Lake Monona
Ok, nothing special.  There was nothing wrong with this location, it was clean and friendly enough.  My drink was made so sweet that I almost couldn't drink it though, and some of the decorations were in a little bit of disarray.
We got the Wiseguy with Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, and Fennel Sausage.  I was very underwhelmed.  The pizza was really greasy and just not all that great-tasting.  Also the crust was burnt in several places, making it taste even worse.
Famous vegan chocolate chip cookies?!! They were the worst tasting cookies. It was just a slab of raw dough served up in a plastic container. We took one bite each and threw the rest out. It was so disgusting. Please don't serve these any more. I wanted to vomit.
Best happy hour on this side of town. The bartenders are very friendly and service is always prompt. I've never had a bad drink or a bad meal here. I only go in if Jennifer is working though! The bar has plenty of TVs too.
I needed a comforter cleaned came here and they cleaned it without harming it not much more you could really ask for. I got 25% off as a new customer and they have 24 he drop off services. The staff is friendly place smells fresh.
Burgers were HUGE, but so was the price .. kind of cool to check it out once, but there are so many better options in Vegas, I probably won't bother again ..
The Queen Creek Post Office:   OK, what can you say about a government office that seems to open and close on their own time? No hours of operation listed in this post office & Saturday hours that seem to change to meet the employees whims. Wait a Tick? Don't we pay their salaries? Wankers!
Quality great service fast and creative! I liked the purple rice and generous portions. Spicy cucumber salad was fantastic and not too crowded,
Best sushi in vegas period. Great customer service, amazing quality, and the drinks are cold. The choo choo special is something every sushi lover needs to try. Cheers!
Easy to book, cleaners were on time, and my house looks awesome. What more could you ask for?
Walgreen's has the best nuts. However, they recently changed their prices and only give a cheaper, 2-for on the halves and pieces. And they upped the price (again) on the whole cashews.  I will be shopping elsewhere.
Place has good food but service has gone downhill. Literally waited hours for food with the all you can eat sushi. Server super confused. Very disappointed in this visit probably will not visit again.
Went to Hard Rock Cafe for dinner tonight, food was ok but not great. Ended up not keeping it down...not eating here again
I love my counters and loved my experience with this company!! Great to work with and the installers were nice and helpful the day they were here. :) the pricing is strait forward so there are no surprises. Great company!
I love this place. It's not \"Little Italy\" or the Bronx in New York, but it's great fun and the food is more than enjoyable, with a strong menu and fine service.
Very good Vegas buffet! Wednesday night = all you can eat steaks....and the steaks are good! I highly recommend this buffet if you are staying downtown and you're really hungry!
The food was just okay and I ended up with food poisoning, I will not go back! I do NOT reccomend this to anyone!
Amazing place to eat , has a variety of options , the service is awesome , i seriously love this place its one of my favorites !! Its nice and cozy and during summer you have the option to eat outside or inside
These guys are great. A little corner shop reminiscent of the bodegas of my native East Coast (that have delis inside) . These guys have a taco stand inside that has some of the best mexican food around IMO. The ingredients they use are top notch. Very tasty, very clean. Diamond in the rough.
Last time I went there served me burnt pizza and they left a lot to be desired in regards to customer service. I would starve to death before eating at Rosati's again.
iv'e been comming here for a long time it's always fun the things i don't like  is that you can't get a haircut and there is no book stores  but i always get good deals on clothes.
I really enjoyed my evening at fifth and wine. The atmosphere was great and the service was attentive! I would recommend this And would visit again!
Clearly ordered two pizzas (6 people around to confirm) - phone service was lame - repeated order multiple times.  Deliver arrives with one pizza at $27 and has no clue of other order.  Proceeds to charge $27 for one pizza with no solution for the second pizza.  Clueless staff.
So, yeah.  This place gets a bump.  I've eaten there a few times now and the food is consistently great.  The pastrami sandwich might be my favorite in town. The burgers are terrific.  All at an unbeatable price point.  GO.
The food was fine, nothing special.  The most bizarre thing was that the water had a spicy after taste...my theory is that the hot pepper residue has gotten into their water glasses.
Just ordered over the phone. Ive usually had to wait at other wingstops for the associates to start making my order upon my arrival. I was surprised to see that it was ready about a minute after i paid. The staff is very kind and accurate! THANK YOU!!!
I literally just off the phone with an a$$ that said he doesn't provide service where I am and hung up on me before I could say anything. That was the rudest business phone call I've ever had.
This is a wonderful find, the food warms the soul, it's affordable and the portions are gigantic. This place has it going, and we can't wait to go back, I just hope more people find it and it stays in business. Please go, you won't regret it!
I've been going to little dumplings for approximately 3 years .The food used to be excellent ,but within the last year I I've noticed a change twice in the quality of food meaning freshness as well as this service.I no longer advice support of this restaurant 40 dollars down the drain with attitude to boot !!!
I like a bar that also has good bar food.  I do agree with other reviews that the service is a little slow, but I am normally not in a hurry when I go out to eat.  The Jalapeno Mac and Cheese is very good and Love there french fries.  Everyone is nice and welcoming. I will for sure be back
michelin style service, food quality and price. freshest sashimi in town!\n\np.s. heated toilet seat is a plus!
Terrible experience.  Same problem a Therese O, was told to hit the \"agree\" button to \"waive\" the insurance and was actually charged for a \"waiver\"  Will never rent from Dollar again.
Everything is so fresh! The lettuce is shredded there; it does not come in a bag.  I love all the choices.  \n\nThe staff was very friendly and Zaba's is clean.\n\nSupport local business!
Favorite Thai spot for sure. Great curry dishes, fresh vegetables and a relaxing atmosphere. Great hangover food and cheap lunch specials!
In my estimation, the best burger joint in town. Juicy, mesquite grilled burgers, cooked to perfection. Fries, onion rings, or mushrooms form a perfect compliment. The Big Juan (One) is a staple of my Phoenix diet!
Never again so many things wrong with this place. They took an hour to serve our appetizer and all the food was super salty first and last time honestly
Try the reverse happy hour.  Great drink specials and appetizers are half off.  Monday through Friday 10 PM to 6 AM.  The wings are consistent but the chili con Queso is awesome.
The worst sushi and bad service super rude\nOn the sushi it's 99% rice and 1% fish \nVery old fish , bad flavors
Super cheap, nice people, and I was in and out with a new cut. Whats there to complain about?
One of the best sushi places in az. In terms of environment and food quality this place has it all
My love affair with Fate ended when Johnny left. \n\nThe service, quality and atmosphere took a total nose dive.\n\nGo to Sens instead.
The stuffed mushrooms are amazing
Spent 30 minutes walking around the area trying to figure it out. Turns out it's a really super secret place. Look for a random hallway that leads to a pinball machine.\n\nDelicious pizza, energetic staff, can't ask for more.
Good good at good prices, the poutine is top notch, I think my only issue is the lack of seasoning on some dishes but it's delicious and you will wait in line
We have been going to Gilbert Mail for over 10 years and really love the small town feeling we get from being greeted by name. They are fast, knowledgeable and helpful. It's so easy to compare shipping methods to find the cheapest way at this one-stop shop!
Chris was very upfront and honest with me. He also saved us 50% over a quote we got on the phone from a competitor. Give APCO a try when you get invaded by ants, spiders, scorpions, or lizards.
Rude! Walked in an walked around for 10 minutes aimlessly and no one asked me if I needed help. Way to go MAC! This was one of my worst experiences at a MAC store ever. Just because I am not thin or blonde means you can ignore me.
Food is always yummy here, but the service here is a bit.. Meh. I don't really know why I was given a kids cup as I was holding an adult menu and I don't think I look 8.  Service was totally absent and didn't do anything for us
Jose Andres is always a name you associate with good and original food but this time was not what we expected \nActually not fusion is Chinese or Mexican and ok food \nGuacamole was good and very limited menu for someone allergic to shellfish so that alone is not to Mexican
If you live your life thinking there is a place for everything and everything should be in it's place. Well this place is for you. Anyone can organize their home with one shopping trip here.
Amazing!!!  Best sushi in Scottsdale. Jay the owner really takes pride in the quality if the fish. Some of the best yellowtail I have had I. A long time. The mixed tempura a must!!
Good milkshake. The cashier was sweet.\nThe place was a mess. And the food is WAYYYY over priced. Could have gone to red robin for cheaper and better.\n\nFirst time ok... But probably not a returning customer
good food , proper name, good drinks, fast service,
Modern styles intertwined into a combo of cuisine between two cultures. Do not miss out on the Bandido.
Love going here on the weekend for sum awesome prime rib. We always sit in the bar area great service. The free bread it so good! If u have not been here u have to try it out.  I also love the Logan's chicken plate. If u are a Mac n cheese fan for a side get it here Wow!!!!
Update:\n\nMy INITIAL review was about an experience that was about six months ago.\n\nIn the meantime, a lot of the issues have been solved and my only overlying issue was with the size of the rolls on 10/6/2009.  Just a clarification! :)
Brought car for smog test. They recommended about $1000 worth of services \"according\" to milage ?!?? including transmission fluid flush on car with maintenance free transmission!!! The car was always serviced at dealership and didn't need any of the services. Nice try to rip off a customer !! Be aware
I shop here all the time! The staff is very friendly and the store is clean.
3.5 stars.\n\nSo after playing a ton of arcade games at a mixer with alumni at Gameworks, I was starving! My friends and I decided to walk to the Mirage to get some food. Yum. The BLT Burger hit the spot perfectly especially with caramelized mushrooms and Swiss cheese.
Front office staff was rude and condescending because we wanted to check in early.\n\nFriends of ours showed up after we did and yet they received their rooms. We waited 3 hours for our room.
Decent location in what I would consider the not so fabulous section of Mesa. The lady at the counter was super friendly and I was in and out in no time with my $.69 Gatorade Peace A town, I'm out of here!
If you want desert this is the place to go, I didnt' lol, I was thre for someone elses bday lunch. I actually ordered the hot wings which were really awesome. \n\nThe frozen hot chocolate, IMO - over rated. Its yummy but the flavor was nothing new.
Yeah, it's off the strip, but i love this place! They have an upscale feeling without the snobbery and high-prices! I've never stayed here overnight, but I come here for the $5 blackjack, friendly staff, and the ridiculously AMAZING buffet!
I had the new Prime Rib dip sandwich. Not much good to say about it. The size of the sandwich was very small and it was very salty. I had the cheese curds for the side which wasn't bad.
it was very convenient for lunchtime. Customer service was okay they weren't very excellent to explain some sauce to us first timers. Parking was available.
This should sum it up:\nThey are the most expensive and pretentious hotel within a 50 mile radius and they CHARGE FOR INTERNET!!\n\nDude, it's 2011. \n\nOverpriced. Not worth it.
The sandwiches were just okay.  There are a lot better sandwich shops around town.  I went there because I got a coupon in the mail. 2 for 1.  I dont recommend this sandwich shop unless you are starving and have no place else to go.
Love this place, has great equipment and flavors! And great customer service. Everyone is so helpful and the staff knows what they are talking about and the place is very clean
Best steak I've ever had. Me and the boyfriend shared a 22 ounce ribeye with horseradish. So delicious!!!! \n\nAhi tuna tartare was great. Fries were good. Service was great. Pricey but worth it every once in a while!
Different lines different meats but worth the wait...al pastor tacos are some of the best I've had in a long time
Not as good quality as it used to be.  In fact, I'm quite sure the better half got some fish that didn't agree with her a few hours later.\n\nI enjoyed the Mackerel however and the chefs at the bar get 5 stars.\n\nMay not be back for a while though.
Hey - All the local construction guys eat here - so you he has good quality stuff at low prices.\nNice assortment of different Hot dogs.
This is the worst Canadian tire in the world. I can understand why we wouldn't have a regular enormous store in the middle of the city. But the store is just plain bad. \n\nDon't even try to return something. They don't accept returns unless it was bought in that store.
The kids meal for $4 is just right. This location is quite spotty when it comes to service. Some workers are friendly, some are quite kurt... and I eat there 2-3/week. Also, the format/order that they make the sandwiches is a little off putting.
My new favorite spot and so close to my house!!! Everything is so great!!! I think I've had pretty much everything on the menu too!!! The avocado ad pea salad is my favorite. Great selection for any kind of eater with any kind of diet limitations.
Really terrific food, great variety, and friendly service!  Had Hummus apps, falafel pita sandwich, and some yummy rice on side..... highly recommend!
Boring, small and nothing to say about it.... slow service.... no atmosphere.... food wasn't anything specials... not worth going out of your way for!
Never again!  The only reason my girlfriend and I went was because it was close to the David Copperfield show.  I didn't expect much and they definitely delivered.  Do yourself a favor and save your 60 bucks for the blackjack tables.  Even if you lose it would be money better spent.
You don't have to wait in line if you're a platinum member!  The whole Menu is  cheaper if you are A platinum total rewards member (: The chicken burger is to die for the fries are also really good ! The burgers look small nut they are filing
One of the worst spa that I've been to. Slimy gray pus that builds up inside the spa chairs is enough for me to ever come back  Nail clippers are reused without being sanitized on busy days. And poor customer services.
The staff here never seems to know what beers are available.  Also, they    serve very few local beer.  I think their management could use some improvement.  \nWe go occasionally for the wing night specials and the food is typical of other Buffalo Wild Wings.
Went here for sushi for a change of pace (we usually go to Kan Pai).  It's a little far for me, but the sushi was good.  They had a late night happy hour that was 20% off everything after 9pm, I believe.  If it was closer, I'd probably be a regular.
Great quality of food with various selection. Wonderful interior design that makes you feel comfortable eating there. Professional waiter/waitress just upgrade your experience of dinning! Highly recommend it!!!
I really like the pizza here, especially the Greek. Also the Natural...who would've ever thought of apples and honey on pizza? Pie Zano's I guess, and it's delicious. Also, the patio is the place to sit when the weather's agreeable.
My previous  review highlighted a lack of offers, this has now been challenged with this bold printout slapped on their notice board (see picture). \n\nStill there's a lack of offers regarding drinks...
Great service and food!
Good food at a good price. Nothing to complain about this place, good atmosphere, lots of booths, fast and friendly service, good all around place when everyone wants something different. Known for their smoked meat and pizzas everything is good on the menu. Except the rotisserie chicken, the only meal I didn't enjoy here.
The nicest staff. Good selection of rentals, and really knowledgeable suggestions on what to use. \nEveryone around this place just seemed happy to be there!
It was delicious and filling. And the Polish lady wouldn't let my friend and I leave until we'd finished eating. ;P
Service is not great and the food has been going downhill. Also there aren't many gluten free friendly options. We used to love coming for breakfast but then finally were told the breakfast potatoes are actually fried with flour. As a verrado resident I hope they turn it around.
Had the Cali omelet with English muffin and coffee. Great. Waitress was friendly. Would go back.
Beef salad: too salty and chewy\nPineapple fried rice: too sweet\nPanang curry: sauce is good, but pork is chewy\nSmall portion over all. Not recommended
No french fries cuz the fryer is busted...hmmm. They offered chips so guessing it's been busted awhile.  :(  Actually one of the worst DQ's I've been to.  They put the corn dog in the microwave!!  ick.
Great Caesar salad.  Wolfgang's restaraunt is great!
Best I've had in Vegas. If you're looking for good, authentic Mexican food, this place won't disappoint!
Loved the atmosphere, loved the grilled chicken vermicelli salad.  Had lunch there a week ago Saturday and will definitely return on my next trip to Phoenix to try other dishes!
So sad to report that Farrelli's has CLOSED.  I received an email indicating it was due to a problem with the property owners.  You can read more on their website, http://www.farrellis.com/.  This is a big loss for the community.  Thanks for the memories, Farrelli's.
The service was not very good and the food mediocre. Phoenix has many other options that are far superior, especially downtown.  The mixed drinks were nothing worth mentioning (it is a brewery so my own fault there).
Unique seats, with speakers in the seats, great sets, costumes, and performers.  Unfortunately, Ka pales in comparison with Mystere or O, although it slightly more highly rated in my mind than Zumanity. The posters and videos shown in the MGM Grand are more impressive than the actual show.
-Very dirty store.\n\n-Filthy, smelly restroom.\n\n-Formally a Mervyns (two stories).\n\n-Cashiers spend too much time chit-chatting instead of helping customers.
We had the oil changed and car wash. I'm not impressed. The car wash was terrible.  We won't be back. Which is too bad because it's close by.
Yum! Beef Brisket & Pulled Pork are my two top picks! Ribs were a bit more firm than I prefer. Chicken was moist & flavorful as well.\nMy far my favorite item here are the Baked Beans w/smokey pork chunks!
Terrible. Dry corn bread. Rib tips were all fat and mushy and had no flavor. If you want bbq in this neighborhood go to john mulls roadkill grill. Trust me.
This place is great! Food is delicious and authentic. Service is fast and the staff is very friendly.  I will definitely be back again!
Good was so so and over priced. Service was pretty good though.this Filipino water waited on us and was very nice. Forgot his name though.
Great place to walk around didn't spend much time in the CASINO part, but the roller-coaster is FUN.
The lobster was pretty low quality.   I mainly came for that.   \nIt was very expensive.. and eh.. I've had much better.  There was a long line as well.  The food was a step below Red Lobster.\nI won't be going back here again.
Very good but a tad over priced.  I whole-heartedly recommend the bbq duck fondue and ceviche.  Both were superbly flavored and unlike any I've ever had.
Tasty food, friendly service
Great property--huge rooms, good staff, perfect location. World go back anytime. Breakfast was so-so, but typical of Residence Inns anywhere. Go to Pamela's instead.
Great pho!
I would give the place a higher rating of a 3 except for the fact that Montrealers annoylingly rave about this place almost as much as they do about their bagels. Its nothing special. Each time I'm dragged there the service isn't great and the food is only OK.
If you wanna experience Japanese beer house, it doesnt get better than this. 10 pm onwards, happy hour. Order every food item. Dont rush, eat slowly. Gobo chips, squid, Tuna don and more. I've been here a few times already and havent tried sushi yet:))))
Ok, it was just OK, our buffet was $22.95 or $23.95 during the week and it was more when I went on Sunday. Bothe days I ate there it was good, just good. Decent variety, but just not quite a 4 star. The Permill in Reno has a 4 star buffett.
I have to admit, this place is just ok to me. I like a few of their options, but I usually get a rice plate and I didn't really love it. Refills were hard to come by, which was annoying, but it's ok for the price.
Been there with my lady for a late dinner\nIt was a bad service , waited a long time\nFor finally had some mistakes in the order\n\nThe food was flat, and the music too loud\nGotta avoid keep avoid This place
Had dinner for ladies night last evening and had the worst service ever; he had the audacity to add gratuity as he knew we all thought he was rude, inattentive and rude. He then double authorized all our cc's. Writing a letter to corporate today... What a joke!
Perfect food for the drunk or hungover!\n\nThe hostess was kind of rude but our server was awesome, funny, and helpful. Pho hit the spot after a day of traveling - and we washed it down with the Dragonberry Mojitos. They were sweet but the right price.
A thorough and well-produced museum. A bit pricey at $18 plus $5 for parking.
First place i came to after i checked into hotel!!! Mean margheritas!! and clean fresh food to go with it.  crispy chicken tacos are a must:)
All the food here was good. I guess I was expecting more, though, from a restaurant by such a well known chef. It was a bit overpriced...even charged us $10 for a small bottle of water. It was a relaxing atmosphere despite the fact it opened up to the main area of Mandalay Bay.
Bean Curd Sea Bass and Fried Rice from here is decent. \n\nService HELLA SUCKS here though!
Very friendly, great customer service and you can't beat the prices.
Great service. Tech was right on time \nThey made all arangements with insurance\nWindsheild made my car look dirty
Love this place. We come here every time my mom visits. Recommend the protein scramble, veggie burger and quinoa pasta dishes. Good wine at a reasonable price and $3 mimosas on Sundays, yay! Love the location and the staff is great.
Love this place! Everyone is friendly, accommodating & professional from the front staff to everyone working in the back. Very impressed with Dr. CHAWLA'S & the hygienist's work! Love that this dental office is very well-kept & easily accessible from the 215. I definitely recommend this place!
Do you like feta or cheve goat cheese? Crow's Dairy makes the beat cheese ever! They also started making gelato that is to die for! While their cheese is used in a lot of restaurants, you can also find them at a ton of farmer's markets. If you see them around, definitely try it!!
Really liked the atmosphere of this place, we went here for breakfast on a Saturday and everything was good.  If you want breakfast in a unique setting this is your place.  We arrived fairly early so seating wasn't an issue but it could be a problem later.
I am Thai and l love the food here. Pad Kapow Beef and chicken Panang are my favorite.  I got my in-laws hooked on these dishes. Then l'd brought my cousin who just came to visit from Thailand and she even said how awesome the food here was!
I visit this Walgreens often since I work in the neighborhood. The employees are always very polite and helpful especially the 2 gentlemen and young woman who work the registers during the evening hours.  (I wish I could remember their names).  Get signed up for their rewards program....there are great deals to be had!
Worst food service EVER! First time there 30 mins to get our appetizers! Second attempt, order dinner, server \"forgets\" to enter the order. I will never return, I have received better service at the cemetery! Save your time and go anywhere else on mill.
I absolutely love Ted's. They are always friendly and the food is yummy. The superburger for my son, Grecian Chicken for the husband, and they have the best veggie wrap for me. Gus is great. If you're just driving by and not stopping,  you're missing out.
Service is pretty lacking at this Cracker Barrel.  Jacqueline was the waitress and she was inefficient and we felt as if we were a bother to her.  Additionally, there are aggressive panhandlers sitting outside in the rocking chairs waiting to approach you as you get in or out of your car.  Be aware and be very careful.
Pizza's not bad (AZ just doesn't do it for me when it comes to pizza) but the beer selection is definitely the best in the area. Be sure to thank Jenna the bar manager for that and her awesome service. She is truly the best.\nDefinitely a fun spot for any night out.
ughhhhhhhh..... my stomach hurts. i am writing this review after last night eating some and my stomach is still in pain. Please dont go here..... sooooo bad
Definitely one of the very best Japanese restaurants I've ever enjoyed. Try the freshly made Tofu, it is very rich and one of a kind.
I did not actually stay in the hotel, but just passed through to do a gondola ride and take in a show.  It is a very aesthetically pleasing place.  I would be more than happy to give this place a try if I am ever back on the strip in Vegas.
The worst lasagna I have ever eaten in my life. For $12.95, I got fake meat that has been sitting in the warmer the entire day. The server was in no rush to serve me either; gossiping with another worker was more important than attending to the only customer who was standing before them - RUDE.
Just beautiful! Service is excellent rooms are beautiful. Food is great also! Thankyou! :)
ordered a breakfas special with scrambled eggs and pancakes.   When I lifted the pancakes there was eggs over easy.   I was just sick that the plate I was eating off of hadn't been cleaned from the previous person.\n\nSICK
Good fast healthy option.
I love krung Thai the food is great and it has a great atmosphere I usually come in late night with a larger group and kt is always willing to accommodate!!
Nastiest food I,ve ever had from a Jack in the Box, tacos were stale and extra greasy,  burgers were burnt, bread was stale and burnt, fries were old.
Would have been 4 stars if it wasn't for the long wait...why does it take so g'damn long to get a g'damn burger?!!
My movie was only 3 bucks! The theater is a little old, but looks like a good place to check out some movies that have been out a little while.
This place has great pizza but they have no respect for Giants spring training fans. So save your money and go to Oregano's where they are not pretentious.
I enjoyed the foot massage and they did great job on my nails
Its alright place, the cashier is kinda loud, server are really slow. I ordered the inasal na chicken and it has alright taste nothing exciting. Then my friend ordered tapsilog its ight too. The eggroll kinda taste like its burned. The desert leche flan is sooo small.
First time today and it was awesome! Wings are falling off the bone and really tender and sweet potato fries are great! Will be back to try something else soon!
Was going to stop by after work tonight and take some home but after reading all these terrible reviews - I guess I won't waste my money.
Pictures on the menu.  Anytime there are pictures on the menu(exception Asian food) the place has reduced costs and decided to to profitable over serving good food.  This is not the same place I liked 10 years ago.  Maybe its a good stock, but not a good place to eat.
Everything here is knock your socks off insanely good. Its the kind of food that makes your eyes roll into the back of your head and you could die happy if this was your last meal. Try everything. Everything is amazing. Really go there now. I want my ashes dumped in front of this store when I die.
I met a g/f here for Happy Hour.  We had their Simple salad and Patata pizza.  Both were just ok.  The food was ok.  The service was ok.  Everything about this place was just ok.  I don't feel a burning desire to go back.
Not good.  We had a bad batch of ribs (tough and grainy) and fried mac and cheese was cold.  It's overpriced and would not recommend to anybody.
We used to love going to Dukes on Wednesdays for trivia.  Then they changed their menu, increased their prices, and didn't change the level of service.  I've never been treated so rudely as I was tonight.  I will not be returning to Dukes.
Best calamari in the valley! We have eaten here about 6 times...Never had a bad meal! Marinara sauce is awesome! Service is a bit quirky... But we've never waited long for anything.
Breakfast was fantastic today!  We had the French toast and biscuits and gravy along with home fries and sausage. The sausage was filled with flavor. It's been years since we have been here and the new owners have done a great job of keeping the same casual atmosphere while adding a better menu. Great job!
This place is okay.  I ordered the carne asada tacos, which were a bit bland for my taste and had quite a bit of gristle.  It seems more like a place to go as a novelty for moonshine.
I am from Jersey.  I know good pizza.  This was just okay.  This place did well in a pinch.  But not saying much.  It's frickin PHOENIX, not exactly a hotbed of pizza choices.  I had a red creme Barq's though.  That was the best part.
Worst clinic I have ever been to we arrived at 930 appt was at 10 its now after 12 and were still waiting staff doesnt seem to care we were 2nd in the room 5 people showed up after and are called before us this place is ran horribly
I'm a chef so I wanted go to a wolfgang restaurant while I was in Vegas and I wasn't impressed although the food did taste good. The water was pretty gross and the serving size is a pretty small for the price. Table rocked and service was average.
This place is an awesome find! The doughnuts are fresh and light...no greasy after-taste like the chain donuts! The donut holes are like little sweet clouds of yum..The prices are very reasonable too!\nCheck it out...you won't be disappointed.
Big Bank but very little personal touch.
This place is anything from new york!\nCardboard pizza, sauce out of a can, the crust tastes like cardboard, you take a bite and it comes right off the pizza!! And for what they charge!! Its a joke!! I have had bettter frozen pizza!!
Food is what you expect.  The ambience is ok inside, and sometimes it takes awhile to get a drink.  It's got a good crowd though.
First time here. Service was horrible. Seemed like no one was happy except the manager. Took forever to get the food. Order was wrong. Would not recommend this place save your money.
NOT a BREAKFAST place despite the ranking in yelp for breakfast. I had a salami mozzarella panini   which was good but no breakfast items on the menu.
The wine selection is good here. Nice and clean. I've tried almost everything on the menus. Excellent
We loved this place.  I had the shipwreck burger and my wife had the margherita pizza.  Both were great.  Seriously one of the best burgers I have ever had.  \n\nThe staff was friendly and helpful.
Margaritas were excellent. Chips unique as they're taco shells. Loved the salsa, bean dip, and guacamole. Tacos excellent.
Always good, every time!  The staff is always very friendly, food is prepared quickly and is excellent!  Highly recommended.  It's now called Beijing though, looks like same ownership just different name.
So happy to have a great burger place in the neighborhood! I have eaten there a couple of times and really love it! The house sauce is so yummy!!  I thought the staff was very warm and welcoming!
If you're in the mood for a great Vegas establishment with top quality food without the long pesky wait, or burning a hole in your pocket. this place is for you.\n\nVery well priced, and great food selection. The onion rings are very delicious.
Horrible service.  We went here after the opening party of Michael Jackson's show of Cirque.  Out of two bottles of wine we ordered.  Service took FOREVER!  Won't go back here
This is a really good spot if you have kids.  The food is mediocre, if you're looking for real Mexican food this is not for you.  It's comparable to a Ruby Tuesdays or Applebees - inexpensive, quick, and caters to families or groups.
We love Rosies!  For their Fish and Chips I am a addict, washed down with extremely fresh Guinness, total food buzz!   \nIf you don't like it Pogue Mahone!
Cinco de Mayo. Epic Fail!\nFirst time here.  Been waiting 1.5 hours for our order of carnitas tacos.\nReally? \nToo bad. I've heard good reviews\"........
Newly remodeled very tastefully done, looks like more seating, partly blocked off the kitchen a good thing.  New menu with new items to pick from. Great food and friendly staff. This is not a tasteless 70s Olive Garden.
The pizza was recomendet by friend pizza was great il give it a 4 star cause my favorite pizza place was in Vegas  service was great.
Always understaffed.  I can't tell you how many times I've been there and they have one poor server working on half the tables!
This place gets busy, but service runs smoothly and not a long wait for your food either. The pulled pork omelette was good and filling. Chicken and waffles to my opinion was okay. Seems like everyone comes here for the cocktails, maybe I will try that next time. Too early for me to drink.
This company will not respond to my complaint that their broken wash wash machinery BROKE MY NEW WINDSHIELD !!!!
Food was very good and being Vietnamese myself I would say this is as close to my moms cooking as it will get. Super cheap hole in the wall. I would recommend this place.
Not very good service. Orders came out wrong. Waited a long time for a glass for my beer.  Waited too long for ketchup. Mistakes on check.
It's a little small but is fun.. Not something I would go every weekend too but with the right crowd it's fun.
My go-to restaurant. Beautiful space and delicious food every time. I've been for lunch, happy hour and dinner and it doesn't disappoint. From wood-oven pizza or a hamburger, to duck confit or lobster pot pie, I love the menu and the extensive wine list that goes with it.
Yummy as always!
My son has attended this academy for the summer and LOVED it! The teachers were very good at keeping the kids in his class on task. I am planning to enroll him and his brother next season :) Plus boys get a 50% discount which is awesome!
Waited a hour and no one comes up say or fig out who u going too cut who ..Then people walk in for appt so u never know when u gonna get haircut. avoid if u looking for a first time vist ....wasted a 2 hour on my friday
I come here at least once or twice when I'm in Vegas. Great sandwiches, quick service. yummy chicken Caesar salads too.
mmmmm....yummy food! Did not except such good food to be honest.
Delicious!  We went for the double stacked red enchiladas and the green chile (and chicken) corn chowder, this time.  Both were excellent!  The waiter was great and took great care of us.  We well be back.
Darryl showed up right on time and made the repair in just a few minutes.  Cleaned up after himself and the price was very fair.  I will certainly use Darryl again and recommend him to others.
Nice place.  Best priced in Vegas (that I am aware off).  Great service.  Tasty food.   I love it and eat there all the time.
Very nice menu and atmosphere, worth trying.\nIn our case, the side dish was cold, hmm.\nKitchen and staff did their best to make it right, but still...
These are the best dumplings I have ever had. After trying a few different I recommend the classic pork & cabbage!!!! It is a little tight inside though
Service is great and food is fast. Our favorite Chinese food. Get the Mongolian beef, in fact, get two orders. The egg rolls are great and so are the rangoons. If you're looking for that quick inexpensive Chinese food, you know, the kind that you end up eating way too much of....try it out!
Try NOT to go to Safeway on Osborn near 7th Avenue after 10 pm because there is usually jusy 1 register open & there is always a line! They are obvious short-staffed there at night.  They are always friendly though, so it makes it hard to be upset with them, actually.
Went herewith my friends and had the lunch buffet. Very limited choices. Only chicken and vegetarian. Naan was crispy...not much more to say.
it was really tasty, but my meat was tough. can't really complain. wish I could give it a 3.5 stars. it really deserves it. great prices too.
This place is a joke.. Don't come here or call for delivery.  Don't waste your time or money. Piss poor....
Awesome donuty goodness, served up by a friendly Cambodian family.\n\nWhat's not to like.  Gonna get me another donut in October.
The water fountain show is really pretty and sort of mesmerizing and quite relaxing for some reason.  It gets really crowded with people standing around but you can watch from many different places.
Vegan Belgian waffles with tasty toppings!! Fun little place with excellent food, great coffee and reasonable prices. Always hit it up when I'm in town. I recommend the Vegan La Elvis.
Good yogurt! Very clean establishment and fair prices. The quality of the product is good. The flavor is great. Three of us ate there for just about $11 which isn't bad.
To pricey.. ordered spam masubi and Turon bites.. spam masubi the rice was to hard n I think the spam wasn't cook right. N the turon bite wasn't the turon I was expecting. .. so I give it a 2 for now..
Best burgers in town hands down. Presentation is an art form here. There service makes you feel at home. I love stopping by when I'm on this side of town. Very excellent experience all the way around every time.
Small shop and didn't remind me of anything I witness on tv. Pretty sure thus is just a \"front \" shop. There was no line and I wouldn't go out of my way to visit this again. Not much of a fan to begin with. Really would have been annoyed if I had to pay to get in.
Looked online for a laptop and checked availability. I called this store to double check before driving 30 min. I got here and they didn't have either one. \n\nI also remember having issues returning something here about two years ago and it was a nightmare.
This was a GREAT Yelp find in Las Vegas! We were wanting to try something off the strip and came across this place. Will most definately go back!!
I could stay in this store all day! The home goods section has so many unique finds and the staff has always ben friendly to me.  My only disappointment is the shoe section, its very small.  If you are looking to redo a room in your home or apartment, check out this store!
Love Kyoto Bowl's teriyaki chicken and other dishes! Sad that some of their other locations have closed.
Pretty nice looking building, inside and out, but not a cool place at all. Weird set-up, rude drunk girls, bad service. No way.... on a separate note, the majority of dancers here are usually Latinas, (which is fine), but wonder why there isn't a nice mix?
McDonald's is McDonald's there's  nothing really special to say. Quick cheap food with a tolerable customer service. What's not to love?
I had the Santa Cruz Pastrami sandwich. It was a different spin on a Pastrami sandwich,  but delicious and very flavorful. Sarah was a very gracious order taker, cashier, and hostess. I can't wait to go back and try the cheesesteak sandwich.
I was highly disappointed in the food at guy but then again it's guy's so I guess that says it all .The look of the restaurant was nice and the staff was friendly but I would choose to go to other restaurants Next time.
The place is awesome. Spring rolls and egg rolls and pho were so tasty
really fresh Hamachi, Uni and red snapper sashimi and other raw creations by chef John.  Matcha Tiramisu really hit the spot after some great Sushi.  Definitely will come back to try their happy hour and lunch menu.
No good. Told them to re- glue a pair of shoes and said they can't do it. They even put krazy glue on it. Waited a week for them to tell me this.
I have been a Villa fan since 1983. Authentic Greek food - simple menu but super high quality ingredients. Best souvlaki in Montreal. No alcohol, but unreal food and service.
Good portions, and the fish is fresh. But,,,, im not feeln the rice that comes w/the Negeri. just my opinion
Clubs come and go, but this place is here to stay. Monday (industry night) is probably my fave.
FANTASTIC!!!!! You have to try the Tempura Avocado Taco, one of Longboard's original creations! You should probably go on an get the plantains too, they are delicious!
The slots here aren't top shelf. They lack a lot of the fun new slots that the other hotels on the strip have. Atmosphere is nice but waiting in a huge line for member services and buffet on a Monday definitely not fun.
Amazingly cozy and friendly. I loved the busy atmosphere and the food was superb and delicious. They served this peppermint like tea with lemon, was so amazing. Their bruschetta and pasta are so mouthwatering. Dinning with them three nights in a row is something I will never regret. Keep up the great work.
This is worth going to for the experience.  Read a little about how to find it, but don't study the directions.  Get lost trying to find this place, it is half the fun.\n\nThe pizza is ok, but it is counter pizza that needs to be heated up.
Stir fry selection is great.  They have everything from steak to fish to scallops.  The only downfall is during dinner rush it can take a long time to have your food prepared.
The food and custom cocktails are excellent and the cosy atmosphere with the help of friendly staff keeps me coming back.
Mmmmm breakfast taquitos!
The burgers are so dry and tasteless.  Even with the cheese and jalapenos it was barely edible.  \n\nCan't believe that for $1 you get a child's size drink!  The most expensive drink at any fast food chain!
Went today to find a turkey and peanut oil, well they sold out.  Who the hell is the buyer for this location?  Your out of turkey s 4 days before Thanksgiving?  Boy are you dumb. I'll be rethinking my business membership next year.
It was ok only. I ordered delivery and they messed up my order. They gave me egg drop, instead of wonton. The rangoon and general chicken were delicous. Other than that it was alright.
How anyone could give this show less than 5 stars is beyond me. Me and my girls check the show out everytime we come to Vegas. Fantastic choreography, attractive men, and overall great time for girls night.
Great cleaners, they work magic here! Saved my Italian slacks from the shredder after permenet marker got on them! And the price is right!! Can't beat the service always friendly, good place to do business!
Very eclectic food variety and very, very good.  The waitress was delightful.  Highly recommend if you are looking for a contemporary buffet on the strip.
Beautiful rooms and views. Room service is awful. The tuna tartare was tasteless and my quesadilla was so burnt I had to send it back. The room also had a number of technical problems that the staff could not solve, such as the tv in the bedroom not functioning. Overall, I wouldn't recommend this hotel.
Great for indoor seating and patio seating. Our service was fast and attentive. The food was delicious. \n\nAn enjoyable place to be for happy hour.
My favorite place in town.  I started going there because I live close by.  The food is excellent - slightly creative pub style.  Excellent beer selection - rotating taps mean you'll always find something new.  Waitstaff seem to have been turning over a lot lately, which can lead to inconsistent service.  Usually good, though.
If you are looking for a quick morning food to go don't bother. I've been Waitin in drive thru for about 10mins now. Should have gone next door :(  oh well. Their salmon nova lox is good, that's all.
I don't care about your views on the second amendment.  You owe it to yourself to go to the gunstore and try it out!  Incredibly helpful and friendly staff will walk you through all the steps.  See how you feel after firing off a few dozen rounds with them!
Place seems pretty understaffed... Went around dinner time and place didn't seem too packed out. After standing around for awhile some leggy kid comes up and \"yeah uh we are on like a 15 minute wait\" just kind of fell out of the side of his mouth. Sucks. I wanted pizza.
I could take it or leave it. I do think \"Gourmet\" is false advertising.  Cheesesteaks really aren't my thing to begin with so y'all can take my review with a grain of salt.
Thank you everyone who posted reviews. Due to the information I have now researched, I will not be attending this store ever. I will be driving to another dicks location bc clearly this one seems to be one hot mess.
Not impressed. Canned nopalitos. Elotes had too much mayo and cheese on them. And the corn was bad too. Just didn't taste like real Mexican food. Stick to Maize.
Best pizza this side of Brooklyn!!!  We love the NY Round but the square pie is also excellent. Great atmosphere, clean, and friendly excellent service. The calamari was tender and flavorful.  Definitely our favorite restaurant in Vegas.
Great new screen protector purchased inexpensively
Jalape\u00f1o Pretzel with salsa cheese dip is a must try here. Pretzels are the best when they are fresh out of the oven. The staff is usually pretty good about letting you know if it's fresh or not.
Firkin awesome food.  Worth letting your belt loose for.  Salads were just as good as the burger.
New owners , not the same. We used to go there a lot.  Now, not so much. Food and ambiance aren't as good.
Eh...I am very luke warm about this hotel. \n\nI used to stay here all the time because we used our miles. \n\nNothing really special. A vanilla review for a vanilla hotel.
Average menu. Not much to say. Heard the drinks are worth the price though. May need to check that out at a later date.
The best coral shop in the phoenix valley. Great store, good service and very knowledgeable.
So far so great, the staff treats you like family and takes precision in their craft.
Gross. This tastes nothing like Mexican food. Tastes like they heated up some Jose Ole in the micro. Never going back. I didn't even pay for this meal and I can't think of one good thing to say about this place.
Lupie's is THE must-eat at joint in Charlotte....period!  The mac 'n cheese is just fantabulous; you will not leave hungry!  Be sure to be nice to Lupie (she runs the place); what a first-class lady.
Went in for a couple of drinks with the girls, good and cheap drinks. Daily specials going on. They have 4 pool tables,  video games and juke box. You can't get bored chilling with a group of friends! Shout out to the bartender! The food was alright too! Over all a chilled place.
pretty good place to buy or sell used books, CDs, movies, etc.\ni haven't really been since the advent of downloading, but i always favored Eastside over this place for atmosphere, authenticity of \"record\" shop and staff.
Great food for unbelievably low prices; wonderful service, what else can you ask for? Love this place!
Placed an online order for pick up. They screwed up our order & gave us food we didn't even order. It was an online order, how hard is it to read on a computer screen what someone ordered?? Won't go here again.
Going on 2 hours of waiting to get my daughter a driver's permit. This is ridiculous. I guess you should always expect government agencies to be painfully slow!
Westrige mall was better than this mall even when most of the stores were about to shut down. When I visited this mall recently most the stores looked cluttered and unkept.
It wasn't bad, it just could have been better. You cannot build a beautiful space and then just expect that you can get by on \"meh\"\n\nThe wow doesn't last
I'm underwhelmed by this place. The food is okay.  The service is SLOW!  Overall an okay experience, but I'd recommend going elsewhere in the area.
Lots of great burger options! I had the BBQ Burger and Fries. Great lunch spot for a tasty burger!
If by dive bar you mean \"shit hole\" then yes this is a shi...I mean \"dive bar\". Rude and inattentive bartenders. The crowd is lame, bunch of introverts.
We like the Manhattan Family Feast. $41.99 for a REALLY big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. I do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. Good food. Good price. Prompt and courteous service.
Giving it 3 stars for the outdoor area.  The only food I've had is their spinach quesadilla which was okay.  Nice place to grab a drink and listen to some live music. outdoor on the lake.
Awesome food and very friendly staff and always nice and clean ! Got the nr 1,8,3  and the brushetta yum !
Killer happy hour here,beats any one else! Little pricey for the quality/service at regular price but great selection of beers. Me gusta!
Heard good things, but, did not even measure up. Very bland...really man? It's Thai how can it be flavorless? Don't waste your time!
While we've had numerous opportunities to try other Humble Pie locations, we've always opted for something else. There are much better pizzas in the valley (even on the west side). The pizza was cold and bland. The service was lousy.  We were incredibly disappointed and won't be going back.
Service was fine and the place was clean, but the reduced menu doesn't give many options.  Eat before you come to the Las Vegas airport...
typical bar food,  not fantastic but edible.  probably frozen then cooked at order.  great patio overlooking green belt.  Ashley and I stopped there on bike ride to lake by ASU.  Played frisbee  in green belt below patio after brunch.  cool place to stop. lots of televisions inside but did not go inside.
Got Sesame chicken large. Taste was alright, but there was whole lot of bread and very little chicken. It should be named Sesame Breaded instead. I feel like all my week of healthy eating was ruined by this meal. It tasted ok though. MCD Asian alternative, made fresh, but very unhealthy!
Wow. .. chicken can't be more moist. Lamb and rice is soooo good . Great staff and very fresh meats.
Cool interior decor and good hangout bar.
Stayed across the street at Hard Rock so gave Joes a try .  Horrible over cooked food and an indifferent staff.  Do not go here, Bucca De Beppo not to far.  Joes SUCKS !!
If you are ever inclined to get on all fours on an examination table and have your who-ha in the air to commence the ripping of the hair - go here.
Best ribs in Arizona (besides my own)!!
We live close but don't partake too often because its a bit pricey for us but when we do its always YUMMY. We've noticed that the portions are smaller this time around though.
Working downtown there are several choices for lunch and My Big Fat Greek does a great job and has a diverse menu.
Place was disgusting. Couldn't even sit down anywhere for a drink. Trash and leftover food everywhere. Who knows how often wait staff cleans up.\n\nWalked in.... walked out.
Kinda disappointing have only OVO to compare it to but didn't think this one was as good. Actually found myself falling asleep a couple of times.
Yesterday I ordered a dulce de leche and pear crepe to go.  It was amazing!!! Super sweet and fresh, and a little different from the typical nutella or chocolate crepes I go for.  I would highly recommend!
Great service and great food
Absolutely fabulous dinner! The service was superb! Our waitress was knowledgeable and friendly and the food lived up to every expectation. The bourbon bread pudding was incredible. Will come back again, not a problem
Such an awesome experience! Food, drinks, and entertainment were all great! Melissa was super funny and the staff was so attentive. Would definitely recommend this place! Had so much fun and they made painting so simple with their instructions. I went to the North Rainbow location with my employees and we all had a blast.
The reviews are true one of the worst buffets in Vegas - food was stale overcooked or greasy. It is worth what you pay - It was comp, I will pay next time.
Went here for the first time in a while and have to say it will be my last visit. The burger was over cooked but the cheese was not melted. The pastrami was so tough it could not be bitten through. This used to be a place to get some decent food but no longer .
Unfortunately, this good Buffet has closed.     :-(
Love, Love, Love!!!!  Staff  is super friendly and great prices on yummy produce!!!!!
Best happy hour on the west side. My wife and i love this place.\n\nCan't beat domestic draft $1.50 and $4-5 rolls during happy hour. Don't forget $5 sake bomber. This is the place to go if you want to get smashed and eat great food.
Love the food here, but I just came by at 6:30 on a Friday to get some food and they're closed... nothing posted on the door that they would be closed during this time... super disappointed. Please update your hours of operation if you're going to be closed. That's just bad business.
Great for breakfast or brunch. Very country feel. Didn't try any of the specialties, but they looked great.  Will definitely go back to try more dishes!!
The prices are obscene they cook in nasty old grease we had the fish and shrimp both were awful and not enough a two year old could prepare better food! We were Very disappointed and will not be going back.
This place is amazing Ive been going here the past few months to get my gel set and pedi. Super clean, nice and friendly.... highly recommended!
As always, the best ceviche in town. The papas with spicy tomato sauce were great. The service, amazing. It was 11pm and this placed was packed. We will be back.
Royalty is the ROYAL RIPOFF !!! The owner of this place is a greedy, selfish and extremely dishonest person !!! BEWARE !!!
I probably had a different experience than everyone else. I went here for a private party so it was only open to our group. Food and drinks always taste better when it is free and w/ good company. We sat outside and watch the fireworks coming from TI. It was an awesome night. Thanks Shimano!
Great cigar bar with a knowledgeable staff and good selection of beers on tap.  The place is small so if you're bothered by smoke you will have to take your order to go.
thank you for your donuts at the OTFM
DO NOT USE!!!! Horrible, horrible service. They drove right by instead of picking us up and waived us away when WE went out of our way to catch another shuttle. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!
Like all the other reviews mentioned, the pizza place is down a long hallway--walls decorated in album covers.  Pretty neat.  Pizza is pretty good.. thin crust..melty cheese.  Cheaper snack while you are on the strip.
A great place for those with little or no taste buds that wants to pig out! The food is mostly bland. Not worth the 40bucks if you don't have the appetite of of 6 people.
I'm really excited about the Academy of Precision Teaching! I've seen Molly Halligan make great improvements in the learning skills of many children, including those with Autism!  I'm thrilled that the Las Vegas community will now be able to access these services :)
Moving to Vegas from Southern California left us us wanting for good local Mexican food. We found Phrank's a while ago and it's now our go-to spot. Everything I've had here is excellent and the staff is friendly and actually cares that you're happy. HIGHLY recommended.
First time is  just ok little rush second visit i get lots of ingrown hair in my legs.For the price you  still can find  some  better technician. I felt lot pressure to purchase products  and more.  The  price is moderate  i did not recommend
I love you and see you soon.
Tried the new Kobe burger, just as tasty as the other burgers.
Went there again this week and had a great meal and great service. This place is definitely a step up from tacos and burritos and it is worth it.
Went in for happy hour. Tacos were excellent. I want to write about the servers at the bar. We had excellent service which made the experience! Very friendly wait staff and very helpful. Had a few drinks. Above average place, but excellent bar tenders.\nId recommend to anybody wanting a light bite and a drink or two!
Seemed to be a little on the pricey side, but it's a quick in and out. It's what you need when you are looking for beer. Convenient and cold.
This is Hooters.  You know what to expect.  I did have the fried pickles, which were surprisingly good, but oh so unhealthy.  We had quite a few people in our group and the servers handled us very well.
I went there only once, but I love it. I sometimes crave for their steak & fries pizza. Madison is so far away from here. *sigh*
Good heavens, it's a holiday weekend and both the service and the food are atrocious. At least three tables have had to have their food packaged to go because of the wait. Wendy's is a better bet if you are in terminal 2 at PHX.
Snooty staff\n\nSmall shop\n\nOverpriced tea\n\nI am not sure what the fuss is about
Sales people and staff in the actual store are amazing. The phone end of customer support, service and repair and credit are no bueno.
This place used to be so good. But it's really gone downhill. Tonight the prime rib was so tough I couldn't eat it. The shrimp was really tasteless. I was really disappointed
Loved the hot vegetarian sandwich. Not easy to find veggie dishes which don't feel like a compromise. This was great. Excellent service from waitress Ariella with the long black pony tail (don't know her last name). Nice casual atmosphere. Resonable prices.
Dim Sum so sad it will make you cry like a little baby that just had dim sum so bad even a little baby knows it's bad. Waaaaaaaaaa. \n\nIf you never ate Dim Sum before you would leave thinking Dim Sum is short for Diminished Sumthing.
LOVE love love finding new live raw food restaurants!!
Food is absolutely unbelievable for a bar. Even the guacamole is amazing. Probably the best quesadilla I've had in my life and the green chili burger is to die for. Drinks are always filled and they always make sure you have everything you need (like extra guac). Great cheap eatery.
Fantastic!!! And Vivian is my favorite!!!!! Love that place.
I went for the first time today for their Sunday All-You-Can-Eat Brunch and it was EXCELLENT! Ang sarap! They had everything from tapa to tocino to arroz caldo and longganisa. I cannot wait to return and try some of the items on the lunch or dinner menu.
Went here this morning, had the chicken fried steak which was very good, and also tried there cinnamon roll. Food was served very quick and service was outstanding. Classic breakfast joint!
The selection is definitely lacking but it was across the street from my hotel.  The chicken sandwich was ok, but the apps weren't all that tasty.  Good place to hit up when you don't have a car!
Dull customer service. Forces you to get insurance even though we told them twice we didn't want it. Just took the insurance to make them shut up.\nWith Insurance it doubled our quote for the vehicle.
Run don't walk away from the express breakfast buffet. Way overpriced for inedible food. I've had better free hotel continental breakfasts. This place is horrid.
This place is sooo dirty and nasty ! I don't know how ppl can eat there ... The food might be good never at there but come on really you would food that you don't know we're it has been stored ....
Place is Tits.  Super good for deliveries.  Pizza is really good and u can't help but to eat the crust.
Clean and cute.   Oh yeah and good food.  Service is pretty good, a little slow when they get busy, which is a lot because it's not very big.  They have wooden menus!!!
I'm rooting for this place. It can be develop into a great neighborhood restaurant.  \n\nIt has flaws to be sure but not insurmountable. Give it a shot. \n\nThe food is good.
I hit this place up for lunch on a fairly frequent basis, awesome Italian beef sandwich and a great Deli feel with authentic Italian grocery items.  Also one cool thing about this place is they make homemade pizza dough everyday that you can buy to take home and make your own pie.
This is my first time at BCCH. Such a relaxed atmosphere with good music. The barista was really sweet when I explained I had just moved to Phoenix and didn't know what to order. She asked me what I normally get and suggest the Iced Thai Tea. Bullseye. Will be coming back to escape the heat this summer.
Best Cuban food I've had outside of Miami. I grew up there and  the menu brought me back home.  Everything was delicious. Portions were large and had enough to bring home. Can't wait to come back multiple times and eat the entire menu
Ok for what it is. Not a lick of smoke smell in the place. BBQ sause choices are ok in flavor. I like my smoked meats to have tons of smoke flavor and theirs is mild to ummmmm this is smoked meat.\n\nwill eat there again but won't go out of my way for it
It's a Denny's. In the mornings it's pretty packed, food is actually decent, and you don't feel like you need to bathe after eating there. But the people watching? Classic. :)
It stinks. Most things are dirty. A lot of things are broken... The monthly fee is expensive, the hours are limited... I have absolutely nothing good to say about this gym. I'm canceling my membership as soon as I can get my husband to go there and cancel it.
We went with friends who frequent this restaurant and love it.  It was worth the drive from Downtown Phoenix.  I had the cold noodles bowl and my husband had the hot rice bowl (don't recall the names).  I have been enjoying leftovers for the last two days.
Great as usual.  A bit loud but we love the pancakes and the family friendly place.
Everything was super amazing! Our waiter Robert was so attentive and making sure that we had everything we need! One of the very first times I knew our waiters name that's how you know he was always making sure we had everything we need.
Whoooo... needs a remodel and some better fresh food options.  Felt like I was trapped in the 1980s.\n\nOddly, at 3pm, I was the only person not buying massive quantities of alcohol.  Must be a good deal at this Fry's.
Love the local feel of this place. Their green enchilada sauce is outstanding. I try to come here as often as a I can when I'm in Ahwatukee. I always get their #2 Green Chile burrito... Consistently amazing.
Great, affordable food in a classy setting at the Wynn.  My turkey burger made with sun dried tomatoes and served on fontina focaccia was delicious.  Other items looked great.  I also loved the cozy couch at our table.  Wine was on the pricey side, but overall this was a great Vegas value.
One of the nicest airlines to stand-by passengers!
great product good price ---HORRIBLE business ethics.  Filing in small claims court this week.  Lets get ready to RUMBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
J2 turned my garbage carpet into a carpet that looks like new. The guys that came to the house were professional and even helped me move several couches. Forget the junk do it yourself carpet cleaners. I will for sure be using J2 in the future.
Great gym! Everyone in there is amazing & friendly. Totally worth it! Jits, to MMA, to Muay Thai, to conditioning! They have the whole package! I would highly recommend it.
Very good price to quality ratio. The food they offer is actually Mexican with legit ingredients. The pinas coladas are really good too.
Menu prices appear to be set in real time based upon what the student cashiers think they can pocket in overcharges; recommend paying with c-card to provide recourse for overbilling.
Yum yum! Get in this belly! And I mean PORK BELLY! at one point, I had pork belly on my plate made 3 different ways. The desserts are awesome too.
Nice atmosphere, the building was converted from an old car wash. The pizza is decent. Cheeseburger pizza is our favorite, it's really really good.
Chad F's comment was a complete lie, I was the man In the chair and the manager, Ariel, and the whole staff was nothing but accommodating and beyond expectation. I would definitely recommend this place, they preform great cuts and a great experience.
Prompt service, great pho. I eat pho all the phoking time and this was amazing! the cream cheese wontons and the egg rolls were fairly decent, standard fried stuff.
Sushi is absolutely nothing to write home about. They have happy hour all day everyday, which is a great way to start your night. The Korean pork tacos are bomb! Great location in Old Town Snottsdale. Love the staff and atmosphere!
This review is biased because Sin City Cupcakes is part of my mafia family and  no one likes a Fredo.  These cupcakes are not for the feint of heart! Do not operate heavy machinery or sign legal documents while under the Italian Stallion!  Leave mommy alone shes not sharing!
This place catered to my work last week and I loved it so much I had to go back this weekend.  I got the Wicked which is 5 meats and 3 cheeses, including bacon. Delicious!  Hands down, the best sandwich I've ever had.  Plus they have delicious cookies and shakes.
One of the best pizza i had on the west coast\nThey have a great deal buy 18inch pizza and a 12 inch free and then collect 12 coupons for 50% off any pizza
A delicious Carne Asada burrito. I can't wait to go back and trust me it will be soon.
Free valet, prompt check in, smiles, almost st regis style, amazing (really amazing) food, two great pools inside and out, huge gym (for a hotel) and golf course views. Awesome property.
Enjoyed my meal enough. Just feel like with the price on a Brazilian steakhouse there should be some sort of wow factor beyond the sheer quantity of meat and food. The service was nice enough, but the food was mediocre and some of the meats were a bit dry.
Awesome night club.  Will most likely Cindee back again next Vegas trip. Bar service was quick good music.  Glad they had two floors for hip-hop and Edm. Tiesto was playing when I went so tickets were 100$. Only thing that threw me off was someone taking a piss in the corner of the club.
I love this place and go here often.  The staff is pleasant and the price for all you can eat sushi is totally reasonable.  Do yourself a favor and try it!
Lawwwwwwd. The BBQ Chicken and Sweet Mashed Potatoes. I'm usually really critical because it takes a lot to WOW me with chicken. I didn't want the plate to end. The Banana Cream Pie was also amazing.
Shogun might be ruined for me. Me and my friend got sick after the Surfer Roll. Ugh. Haven't had sushi since. :-(
Nom. Nom. Nom. Awesome every time.  Great staff.  Friendly owner.  Love this place.  Went for the first time on a Groupon, now a frequent diner.
You're getting ripped off at Baton Rouge these days. Higher prices for less food. AND no more cheese bread! I've had my last meal there! Go eat elsewhere, there's no more value or quality there.
I've been going here for years, always liked the place. However, standing at the bar for 20 minutes waiting to PAY is rather annoying.... Especially when of the bartenders is standing around. I'm writing this review as I stand here and wait!
I've been going to this whole foods for quite awhile and they always have everything I need. The employees are really nice and friendly and the store is always kept nice and clean.
(-) confusing entrance to the hotel\n(-) no casino\n(-) small deluxe suite \n(-) small pool area \n\n(+) it is near Aria & Cosmopolitan.\n\nI wouldn't stay here again.
Just had the Fiji Apple Chicken Salad...Excellent!!!
I wouldn't eat here on a dare. The food is mediocre, when it rises that high, the prices are ridiculous, and if you've got to sell vouchers you know that you suck. \n\nThere are so many places minutes from here that are SOOOO much better.
Just a quick update - A month later and still no response from the letter I wrote to the manager. At this point I know that it's over and done with but I will not be staying there again. Really poor customer service.
Fabulous store layout and design. Beautiful merchandise.  Enjoy stopping by after lunch in the Forum Shoppes to drool! Great sales every now and then for all you locals who can stop by whenever.  Make friends with an employee and you'll be good to go!
I called from New Jersey to have balloons delivered to a family member in Scottsdale who had surgery and they delivered the same day with a smile.  I would recommend them as a wonderful, cheery and overall terrific place to do business with.
If you die before eating the kobe beef meatball here you will go straight to hell, because this meatball is absolute heaven! All of the food is spectacular here, And the place is simply cool. What not to eat... everything is terrific!
Pho Kim Ripoff...\n\nheinous-snail-paced service, portions smaller than Top Ramen,  Vietnamese customer priority, bland broth, owner looks like a wannabe mafia leader, and non-pho-like prices... Pho Kim no thanks
This place gets one star for the decor. Nice, voyeuristic set up. But club promoters were super shady. If you're with a group of single ladies, be warned. They might try to whore you out to the mob. True story. It happened at The Bank.
Bryan took great care of our pool. He did everything from chemicals to filter cleans/replacements and even drained our pool as needed. Great customer service, great dedication to work and overall a great experience. Thank you Bryan and Universal Pool Service for all your hard work making our pool the best it could be.
Great Tacos, I love the 4 Taco lunch special.
I like how imadake makes it feel like authentic Japanese restaurant however the experience I got was a little disappointed,  it was a busy day with a rowdy crowds everywhere so service was lacking while I had a increasing headache . The food presentation was very nice , taste was satisfying .
Horrible. I have gone here time after time thinking to myself \"maybe my coffee will be good today\" ...never.
Super cute stuff, but, I can't get behind a  product that claims to be vegan and has palm oil in it. Spendy too! Do your research folks....
not bad... but because i couldnt eat meat i just try frise and sushi no... no. i ate befor better sushi in other bars...
There is a reason why they are located elsewhere from all the other rental companies. There is a reason for the seedy office. Save yourself the time and hassle.
My F&E closed, so this is the nearest one.  I love F&E.  But this location the folks are not as friendly and helpful.  I miss my F&E, but I love their stuff.
Good atmosphere.  Have been here a couple of times the food is really good.  For breakfast you can't beat the french toast and I had a burger for lunch which was above average.  Overall reccomended.
shrimp & grits = delicious!
We were going to do a Cirque show but couldn't fit it in. Went to the Jersey Boys instead. WOW,  That was awesome.  Great story.  Great music.  I am so glad we ended up at this site instead.
Always excellent, down home style cooking. Never disappoints. Breakfasts are especially great
Great store, try the fruit smoothies they are really good.
Let's put it this way - I was inspired enough to create a photo essay in powerpoint called 20 Reasons the Luxor Sucks after my stay: http://www.slideshare.net/davidberkowitz/20-reasons-the-luxor-sucks
The 24/7 became a frequent stop for us during business meetings in the Palms Casino.  \n\nWe enjoyed Breakfast and Lunch there.  \n\nBreakfast  - Great Omelettes, and FABULOUS biscuits and gravy!\nLunch - Great Reuben sandwiches. !
I was hoping for more out of this place :( I don't think I will be returning for a round 2. Place could work on its service a little.
The Cheesecake Factory owns this cafe.  The food is always good and the prices are what you would expect.  They are open 24/7.  The wait staff is nice.
I spent $16 in a frozen pi\u00f1a colada that tastes like cough syrup. It's impossible to drink, it's awful!!! Don't waste your money here...
Tom,\n\nPlease pack your knives and go.\n\nThe driest steak sandwich on the strip and could not be saved by the fried egg because the yolk was rock hard.
Such a friendly staff! Fresh bread and fresh ingredients. I usually get a meatball sub on white bread with extra provolone. sooo delish!
Sapporo is a great place for happy hour and dinner. I've been to both. Sushi is great and considering how big it is, I never felt as if I was waiting or looking for my server. Price point isn't very bad either. A must try at least once :)
Really enjoyed the burgers we had, WAY TOO over cooked, our fault we didn't say med rare and they were beyond well done!
An average, in the casino theatre.  Really nothing special to it but I can at least say that the floors weren't sticky and it didn't smell like moldy popcorn.
This place has the best ribs in town. But overall the bartenders and staff suck. They even signed more of a tip on bill that I signed for and scammed me.
Not sure what the hype is about this place. Ordered the beef sandwich and found it to have little to no flavor. Sandwich was a pretty decent size, though. They also serve the Supreme tamales here which I miss dearly.
For being the inventor of the chimichanga it was VERY disappointing. The chimichanga was awful. Huge, but awful. It was soggy and bland. Service was bad despite being the only people in the restaurant.
We have been here a couple of times, and has been very good both times across the board. Service, food quality, and atmosphere all have been great.  Have had both the sushi and the Chinese food, top notch on both sides of the menu.
The crew here is always awesome...they see me too much I think
Really, a perfect pizza place.
Got the stuffed french toast with the banana muffin and it was SO GOOD ashley was our server and she was the best waitress ive ever had IN MY LIFE
Only 1 review!? This place is awesome! \n\nFirst, walked in and was greeted by 2 super friendly girls. They explained their current flavors and deals. They waited patiently as I made my very difficult decision. Now we got them home, and they taste amazing! Will definitely be back!!
Food way to salty my cevechi was :( I mentioned it and expected it to be taken off the bill but  wasn't! Pretzel roll doughy on the ruben as well:(
AYCE lunch for $21.95! Everything was tasty and fresh. Nigiri sushi were small which is good. You can try more flavors! I didn't eat tempura ice cream because I was full. Anyway, it is a fabulous restaurant. If you love sushi, you must go there.
Its an airport, there's nothing THAT special about it.. oh except the slot machines! Just in case you didn't lose enough money on the strip, you have one last chance to offload all your hard earned cash!
I order a pizza and side salad to go for dinner.  One couple in the restaurant and it was 6:30 pm.  I have had better frozen pizza and the Italian dress was lackluster.
It was the best chicken and waffles ever and the service very friendly. My fiance who ate at  Roscos in La when he lived there said it even beat them for their chicken and waffles . So we recommend it to all our friends who live here and come here to visit.
I do like the cinnamon sugar pretzels and the bites and the pretzel dogs.  This time the bites were a bit over cooked or sat around too long as they were chewy in a bad way.  Taste was okay, texture not, calories definitely not.
Although the service was good, the food was lackluster. I ordered a $27 filet-mignon that lacked quality presentation. Looked like it had been just slopped together. Not worth the price!
I used to frequent Tai Pei once a week or so, but within the last few years, it has gone severely downhill. The food is greasy, way too expensive, and they use massive amounts of MSG. I got terrible MSG poisoning from Tai Pei and ever since then, have gone to Jimmy Wan's down the road.
Be prepared, this is NOT bar food, nor, inexpensive...this is a fairly high end menu. No burgers here...
Great customer service and good food.  I'm outside on the padio watching the game, having a mango margarita and just devoured some chicken rolled tacos! So good! Great servers and what a great manager Mike. Love this place!
The beer and food is overall pretty good, albeit pricey. Atmosphere is cool too, however I really wish they had more seating for huge gatherings. Seems like whenever I'm here it's extremely crowded. Oh well.
great eats, even if you don't get the all you can eat spaghetti. Had the arugula and white bean salad plus two penne pasta dishes. Both very good. Good Italian food in a nice atmosphere at decent prices with good waitstaff.
I had the Torta, it was decent, there was not a lot of meat on it.  If I come back I won't order the Torta again
Worst airport bar ever. Bartender is rude, crude, stingy with the drinks. Not enough seating at the bar. Poor selection of drinks. My advice: avoid like the plague!
Good show since tickets were free however had I paid a lot of money I would have been disappointed. Needs way more animal skits and on more than one occasion there was screw ups. Piers Morgan would have hit the X button.
Love Olive Garden.. from the time you walk in the door great service..  love the salad and breadsticks, plus the pasta.. mmm delicious.  We love Bill waiting on us, super friendly and refills our drinks without asking him to do so...
There are many food choices at different locations in the store. We enjoyed pizza by the slice and sushi and a beer. The only glitch was the absence of ice. No ice no where for any drink hard or soft. Yikes.
The service was great, i didnt have to ask for anything they anticipated our needs and they were there in a snap. great food, good ambiance :)
Price is right but the food is mediocre. I had the ceasar salad, one had the kitchen sink. It was ok but not very tasty.
Weisse beer while I shop? Sure. \n\nHad this not been so convenient would I have gone out of my way to get a drink? No. It was a good beer for the location.
A+ on the delivery time! Sandwich was delivered in less than 15 min, incredible. You can expect more business from me :)
This used to be cool place with good food. Now sushimi with slice of lime is called ceviche....ahhh
Very good food.Highly recommend the lunch buffet!
Course was in ok shape except for standing water in the majority of the bunkers. Prices were reasonable, but they jammed packed too many groups and we were way backed up.
The only thing I can think of while I was eating my soup was what was I thinking. I should've just save my appetite till I came home.  I would have been starving, but I rather be starving than had eaten that disgusting soup.  I could have saved my five dollars for this disgusting, salty, chicken vegetable soup.
Everything we ordered was delicious! Waitstaff was attentive and really cared that we liked our meals. Highly recommend the lemon grilled shrimp tacos! Yum!
I always prefer to stop at QT's. It's just a lot more comfortable. They all look the same and are always well maintained. Bathrooms are very clean. Floorplans are very similar. My preferred place to stop for gas or random snacks during the day.
This place is so awesome!! I love that their foods are based on Hawaiian dishes. First thing I want to say is.. RED VELVET PANCAKES!!!!! It's so awesome!! Also try their spam fried rice. It's so good. Everything on their menu is good.
We really like this bar! Not much to say; great drinks, yummy food, relaxing atmosphere! They always have good bands playing and fun events going on. Great place to kick back and catch up with some friends in a comfortable place.
Gotta love the staff here.they are helpful, pleasant, knowledgeable and will go the extra mile to help. I think they must like their JOBs!\n\nThe floral department is well stocked and well kept.
Service was fast and friendly. Sakana's Sushi just didn't have the flavor and texture I am used to  at other favorite establishments. Very reasonable price , good service in a relaxed atmosphere. for the money and some very good sushi you can't go wrong.
Fantastic food. My wife and I have tried just about everything on the menu and we have never been disappointed. The service is quick and friendly. There is also a large variety of grocery items you can purchase as well as fresh salsas and other sauces. We come as often as we can and travel all the way from ile perrot.
Decent sushi. The specials could be better priced. But the food was good and comfortable atmosphere. If you like to indulge in a few adult beverages, it looked like they had some good specials in that department, but I was unable to partake at the time.
I am never disappointed with this place. The food is always amazing and the service was very good. This definitely is my new favorite breakfast place. I've ordered different stuff every time and it's always very tasty ! No complaints. My favorites are the sweet cream crepes with strawberries and their skillets.
Wanted to try a different place for Mexican food.  Casual and friendly.  $5 special was very tasty and good, plentiful. A different special every day for just $5 with rice and beans!  My husband had carnitas and he ate it all, enjoying every bite.  We will be back!
Meh...cheap drinks but it's clear why. Mediocre food and atmosphere. I probably won't come back
I have been here a couple times. Its a basic club. No big frills like the other vegas clubs. They play hip hop which i love. The club is kinda on the small side. So it stays packed. But I had fun. Good music. Normal vegas price drinks. Friendly bartenders Good decor.
For a food court, this is some of the best food you can get, forget that, this is just great food. Portuguese style BBQ, the chicken is succulent, juicy, and perfect every time. \n\nThis is in the food court below simons, and the scotia bank cinema.
Fabulous customer service. Never a bad visit yet! It's cooperate setup gone small business experience.
My wife and her mother and I ate here a few times, I really enjoyed the burgers here, we also enjoyed the french dip, one of the best I can remember in a very long time!!!
best mac n cheese ever!
great stuff, great service.\nbought about 12 shirts at half price of Macy's and some awesome mouth and shin guards!\nSuch a deal!
Mmmmm...went for brunch on a Sunday. Relaxing live music, shady outdoor seating, great food & service. Will definitely go back!
Bought groupon tickets.  Called to get directions.  Recording made no mention of being closed.  Drove all the way there only to find it closed down a month ago!  Disappointed?  Yes.  Aggravated?  Definitely.
If you need a new look go see Carmen or Cassandra at Hair Days they will fix you right up. I have been going to them for years and I always walk out with a smile on my face.
Very good, great flavors! I know because I tried almost all of them. Get a punchcard too.
Really an average course that was fairly easy. The bummer was no beverage cart when we played Saturday and it was 100. I would not golf here again.
Awesome food... can't get enough. If you're looking for a great deal and great tasting food try Mochiko Chicken. They should bottle those sauces... just sayin.
My first time here at Maggianos and I have to say the service is great. I had the mom's lasagna and  enjoyed every bite, also the portion size is big enough to feed two.
Great food, good beer. It was really nice to have South American food while staying here in Henderson, it tasted almost just like when I was in Peru. Only complaint here would be the check that took a little long to get to the table.
Now this is how a bank should do customer service. Everyone is nice and goes out of their way to be helpful. \nIt's always pleasant coming in here!
Food wasn't all that great, the cheese on nachos was disgusting! Kind of cheese that the taste stays with you for days.  But the beer kept coming quick and drinks were very good.  We had some fish tacos, nothing special there, guppy on a tortilla with slaw.  Nice to be outside area.
Good food selection! Great drinks! Amazing prices! They now have a tablet at the table where you can browse the menu, order and pay! Very convenient! Always packed but the wait isn't more than ten minutes. Would definitely recommend this place for a couple or group of friends!
This place is a really, hole in the wall, cozy place. I had lunch with the wife outside next to the water  fountain and we both enjoyed it. The price wasnt bad and the food was good. As for the chips, I definitely like the green salsa more than the red salsa
I love this place. They gave great specials. The food is above average for bar food. The atmosphere is great because it doesn't get too crowded. The staff is friendly. I only wish they had a better craft beer selection
By far the best vape shop I have been to. Loved every flavor of juice that I've tried.  Customer service is definitely A+. Got me a provari which I'm totally loving...and thanks for answering all my 10o and 1 questions!  Will definitely be back!
Terrible nothing tasted right. Maybe I'm spoiled because I always eat at the buffet at the Wynn but this was disgusting. What a waste. Cold eggs stale waffles fatty bacon and ham. The only saving grace was  the omelette and even that was mediocre at best.
Sorely disappointed that we didn't get a great new pizza place in our area. The celery and pepperoni pizzas were tasteless and undercooked.  Didn't know you could mess pizza up so badly.
$5 play all you can a very great deal tonight... Start at 930pm to 1230 am... We'll be back here next time
We went on country dancing night. Not enough chairs or tables and the bar tenders were slow. I actually liked the place and could see going back but they just need more seating.
The best pizza I have had since my trip to Italy. We found this place a couple of weeks ago an have been back 4 times since then!
This place is beautiful and close to the Mandalay Hotel. The food is great.\nThe service is a little lacking professionalism, but okay.\nI don't think it was worth the money you pay for what it offers.
The burrito platter has a ton of food on it and tastes great. Awesome Hatch Valley Chile too!
Affordable, delicious, consistently good. I usually go with the Kee Mao or the See Yew and a \"1\" spice level because dang, they make it hot. The cash only part is kind of annoying, but I'm willing to go through the hassle for Noodlehead.
Great pizza from a unique little shop.  Dine-in service has always been great. Fast delivery times as well.  This isn't a huge chain, so the pizza is not identical each time- but it is always delicious. Highly recommended for southern highlands.
Do not eat here.  It is awful!  The food tastes old, re-heated.  Really bad.  You couldn't pay me to eat here again.
Large facility, clean and well organized. a day pass for 15. excellent option with good availability
The food is edible, but that's about it. The prices are also typical for the strip, $15 for an omelet or scramble  at breakfast.
A little slow, don't always get your order right, but it's Dunkin Donuts. The coffee is great. Most times the drive through moves pretty fast. I'd give them a 5/10 if I could, but I can't, so 2 stars will have to do.
Decent food.  Fast, prompt service by the staff that are not very friendly or accommodating.  Overall, decent value.  Mongolian beef was good, pasta with shrimp was fair, duck breast was good.  Well worth a visit.
Good food, but the wait for lunch is ridiculous. Someone needs to figure out how staffing works and schedule enough people to handle the rush. If my lunch break is an hour long, I can't wait an hour to get a seat.
Have to give one star to post, but doesn' deserve that high a rating. Avoid this dealership for service. I placed three calls to the service department with no return calls. Obviously they are not in need of business. Was completely satisfied with service by Larry Miller Hyundai in Peoria. Will use that service from now on.
Last night I went for the healing circle with rev jimmy.  it was amazing, staff was helpful.  I didn't have the sleep he said I would, but I definitely feel more at peace today.  I am thankful.\n\nPeace and Blessings.\nRonney
I absolutely love this salon! Just moved to the area and I think I found my salon! Friendly staff , and they took there time in my pedicure which is a must have for me! Will be back !
Enjoy the brunch here on Sundays but that is usually the only time we eat here. The Lloyds omelet is great and you can sub grits or a biscuit for beer bread if you ask. Good draft beer selection.
I got the French dip with slaw. The order was to go but it took a while to get out. The meat was pretty bland and I didn't get the correct side, potato salad instead of slaw. I was expecting more.
My constant quest to satiate my hunger & curiosity for unique preparations of tofu by cuisines from across the globe represented throughout the west coast finally led me to Mr Tofu Sunday. Five years in the valley and I've just now acquainted myself with this gem? Shame on me.
Wow I don't know what to think of this place. I was a bit under the influence of previous jack daniels, when I found myself here. It reminded me of some place that belonged in Lake Havasu. Were there a lot of different rooms and bars? It was a very festive environment.
Great food and great service! Our waitress was very flexible with our picky-ness which was very appreciated. On Saturdays they have gluten-free pancakes, just fyi.
Yuck!  Got two pasta dish to go (almost $70 total, most expensive takeout I've ever had) and they definitely did not impress!  Had the tiger shrimp dish of some sort and another penne pasta dish and were both lacklusters. Would not come back even if it were free.
Their products, service and prices are phenomenal. Their product prices got my business and their prompt and courteous customer service and amazing product quality will keep me coming back. I know that once my order is placed I don't need to worry - it will done correctly and on time!
Very good car wash by hand then wax by hand prices range anywhere from $13 to $200 depending on what you want everybody in Vegas likes a clean shiney car
Not good food. General Tsos chicken and sesame chicken were indistinguishable. Steamed dumplings are actually gross. Fried rice seems to be purchased as is and then steamed.
Tried to call in an order, and told the person on the phone I wanted pancit but with certain veggies withheld. He seemed confused, and said he \"couldn't do that\". So I thanked him and hung up. I guess he's not used to catering to customers' preferences.
Great food and good service. Enjoyed my visits here. Lots of TV's to watch whatever game is going on. I will be back the next time I'm in AZ.
The sushi here is great as I come here often. Everytime I get the AYCE. The service is always nice and friendly! I love their seared salmon. I would definitely recommend all sushi lovers to check this place out!!!
I am a big fan...previous impressions are erased and I enjoy going to Voluto a few times a week now.
I'm going to keep this very simple. They have the Best bagels, and cream cheese. Amazing motzo ball soup, and corned beef hash hands down.
FIRST TIME TOFU EXPERIENCE!  My first time eating here and I will definitely comeback You have to get the spicy chicken also Not bad for my first time
Always enjoy myself here. Membership is worth it if you gonna few times or like to take friends.  Good spot for FFL transfers also.
Bagel was soft enough to cut with a plastic fork and had a nice taste, but the guy who served me had a super bad attitude.  Not sure if it was because I spoke English off the bat or because I only ordered one.  I wouldn't go back.
What's to be said?....   it's Walmart's version of \"big box retail\"...  I it's huge, clean and has friendly staff.
I got a good haircut and style at a decent price. The girl did what i asked when i showed her a picture. Theres a special right now - 7 foil highlights,cut, dry, waxed brows all for $60!
Best sauce on a pizza I have ever tasted.  There sandwiches are to die for....
Stay off the strip and stay here!  Unlike the strip, you'll never have to get in your car or take a taxi.  With Fremont Street at the corner, an interesting evening is only a few steps away.
Soooo salty! The workers are quick to make assumptions about what you say you want and I have had them make me a few orders with something I didn't want it it. Slow down, listen, and go easy on the salt! (& leave the sass at home).
I love this store! The staff rocks and their process are also pretty reasonable. If you're looking for somewhere with knowledgeable staff, and a nurse that also prescribes medicinal herb blends then this is your place!
My last few experiences here have been horrible. I had been coming here since I was a kid, not only myself but my whole family, and boy have they changed for the worse. They took a wrong tooth out of my mother's mouth! \n\nNever again. We definitely found a new dentist.
It is my first here. The \"kick\" is really good! It tastes very smooth. Definitely, It is a great coffee shop near ASU area. I will come back again!!
Outstanding food and sevice! We tried multiple entrees and every single one has been excellent. For legit and truly authentic Indian food this is a must try. Great prices and you won't be disappointed. Super friendly and helpful staff.
Service in this place is poor because of lack of acknowledgment since people working there are \"just\" working . They have nice decor,nice bar and good bread. Consider where this place is ,the prices are really really high . Nothing is served on the side with main dishes ....
I'm a fan. Fun, Friendly, Family environment. Good old Crab cracking. Place is just clean enough to let you know seafood eaten goes down in here!  Staff was great, food was tasty, they have cold beer, they have tv's, they have seafood.  #winning
Dale Brown is honest, affordable and knowledgable.  I trust that he will take care of my car at a fair price.
Good pub with a great selection of beer. Food was pretty damn good but our waitress was a little slow to start but on Point after we got our beers. I definitely will come again but maybe not for dinner. Over all, I was happy with my visit.
Food was OK.....not what I expected for the price. Also the two ladies working got in an argument and were yelling at each other right in front of us. Awkward. Could get better crepes in las Vegas.
Deliver on what they promise. Great appetizers and burgers. Fun environment to spend an afternoon drinking with friends. Yelp check in = $5 off = Free appetizer or round.
My son enjoyed Tonkatsu dinner. Most dishes are ok but Ousters, tofu, & vegetables were disappointing. Kushiage was very small. Alcohol drink was expensive. Service was slow and they keep forgetting what we ordered for drink and others. We might not come back here again.
Great plate lunch!\n\nStopped by for the first time tonight and had the BBQ beef plate lunch. It was right on target - sticky white rice, mac salad, sweet thinly sliced beef. It was a very filling meal and tasted great. Nice prices in the place too. I will certainly be heading back.
Drive-Thru is painstakingly long, bring some patience when visiting this restaurant. Food was accurate and correct change was given, however there was no apology for the 16 minute drive thru time... :/
Brought my child in who was really sick!!!!  Customer service superb and compassionate towards him, we waited only a few minutes mto get in a room. Staff very friendly, they listen , diagnos, the only negative was it takes a little while to get prescription.
damn this place is expensive! and  the quality of the food is just so so! I have tried many other buffets in vegas and I still think Bellagio buffet is the best....
I love my doctor but, I hate waiting every time I come here n today I'm getting my blood test done which I can't make an appointment for n couldn't eat anything before I came in they r making me wait because it's her lunch time...really!!!
This place sucked. They charged for water. Didn't want to give free tap water! The bartenders were rude. There were hardly any \"bottle service\" areas purchased. Very disappointed. Will not return.
Excellent food.   Had honey seared chicken with fried rice.  Always good food everytime.
The catfish sucks is hella fishy! The sides where to die for !and the waters are so nice I would go agian for the sides !the drinks are served in like mason jars it is the cutest thing ! Yams and the Mac is something to get !(:
I don't understand all the hype on yelp. Obviously people on this have not tried good tacos. Not even because I was drunk I thought they were good
Great coffee + love the Chai, this branch at shea & scottsdale rd is great, the atmosphere is just right & Omar runs the place is great with customer service!
Really good italian food. Good service.  No chicken parm on menu but they made it for me. Can you say 5 stars on seamless?
Very busy and noisy on a football weekend. Food is quite average and service was very slow. The only bright spot was the diligence of the bus help in constantly filling the water glasses. Don't waste the calories here.
I came because I wanted perogi's.\n\nI was disapointed.\n\nHaven't returned since the first time.
PHX makes me angry every time I have to go simply because of the crowds in Terminal 4.  I dig the food options, free wi-fi and speedy security lines; but once I make my way to the gate I'm always annoyed with the general lack of space/seating.
Craig Road staff has always been very helpful with 3 different pets of mine over the past 12 years. Emergency services and final arrangements are excellent and handled professionally, with care, and with thoughtfulness. Unfortunately, I have had to use those services, but I am very grateful for the availability and trust for me and my furry family during those times.
I love jazzercise, for me it is fun and effective. I've lost inches down from size 10 to 8.  The variety makes it fun and the instructors are great.
Been here twice good wine, okay menu, no gluten free (hint).  We tried to do the 2 for $25 special they were running but we told we could only pick from a few appetizers and entrees so we just split a burger??  Other than that it is nice to have a decent theater close to home.
Simply delicious!!  So good, I have to stay away or I would be on the Biggest Loser, lol.
It's OK.  As my wife says, we wouldn't go out of our way to eat here.  However, when in the area, it is an option.
Decided to stop in after reading all of the wonderful reviews was extremely disappointed the meal was so awful I didn't even attempt to finish it money wasted!!
$7.95 for a house wine wine at Happy Hour, Margarita so weak, even adding an extra shot did not help. This place is off our Happy Hour List.
Stayed at the Mirage for a business trip.  Room was adequate for what I need.  Restaurants were plenty, bathrooms are close-by and plenty of gaming options.\n\nLet's just say I slept an average 3 hours per day.  LOL
This place was probably the worst service I have ever had. Everything I ordered came out wrong, and the girl that took my order was super rude. I will for sure not be going back to this location.
The food was good (we had Irish nachos) and the drinks were moderately priced. The service was a bit slow but it was a Friday night.
Such yummy food. Tractor pizza and avocado, beet, grapefruit salad were so good. Hot wings were amazing, deep fried first. And the pop tarts, omg, yum!
Their lunch menu is very small. I got a plate of spaghetti and marinara sauce for $20. Your sauce is good Rao's. It's not 'that' good.
I was so upset when I paid 35 bucks for a tiny Sake (large) I kinda hated the place then on. In LA fine dining the same size is less than half that. On principle, I would never return, regardless of food or service quality.
Good food. Well presented. The avocado egg rolls were fantastic. We also had lettuce wraps which were spicy and tasty. There were four of us we all ordered something different and each of us enjoyed it. The waitress was friendly and helpful. I would recommend this place to everyone and I am.
Egg salad, chicken, and patty melt are delicious!  All the pickles, beets, plums are fabulous. They will be catering our next corporate event. Great food guys!
If pretentiousness is your cup of tea this is the place.  Beyond that it's hard to see any attraction.  You'd think hoity-toity would be better quality.  Pedestrian premiums hardly justify pricey airs and attitude.
Ok,  given that I'm the first to reject an offer to Cinco it is time to update this review.  Nice people, food not bad, but there is more exciting stuff out there.
This is the place with the giant lizard mural on Lemon. It used to be really run down, but they've done a ton of renovations over the last year and it is like new. I really like how things turned out, especially the polished concrete floors and the kitchen. Doesn't hurt that it's right down the street from ASU.
I'm sorry, but if you choose Qdoba over Chipotle, then sit down, son - we need to have a talk.
this place need to be taken down.... its not even worth a free night . spend the exrta cash and go else where...
Totally recommended. Great pies and sausages with mash and gravy to choose. Really nice atmosphere. Two peolple for less than \u00a325: A starter to share, one dish each and drinks.
I love when chinese places have great service ... there food isnt all that its the typical chinese food! but hey good price good service, Free Deeeelievery! best thing on menu, Fried Shrimp , Chow mine, fried rice! Worse thing on menu orange chicken! lol
This chain use to be at the forefront of asian fusion cuisine, now I'd rather go to a family run Chinese resturant.
I was here to get the break service done and they told me the only have 1 tech so it's going to take all day and I have to leave the car there!! Only 1 tech in this big place! \nGreat I'm not coming here again!!! \nStay away!
Went with a party of 4.\nA lot beer.  No issues there.\nThe food was weak.  No one at the table was thrilled about their meal.\nService was fair at best.\nSave your $ and go to one of the other thousands of restaurants in Vegas.
Great food, but small portions. I always leave still hungry.  If I order enough to make me full, I've spent 20 bucks just on my meal.
SGC is a great range. Fantastic customer service and all transactions (to include pistol and suppressor purchases) have gone very smooth. My go to indoor range in the valley.
I order to-go pizzas here probably 3 to 5 times a month. Everything is always EXCELLENT. I ordered the soup for the first time today, mushroom.....OMG that was the BEST soup ever! My compliments to the chef! Thank you for always serving the BEST food.
If you do not have two hours to wait for your food do not order from here. Also the sandwiches are not made for delivery and come extremely soggy. Would not recommend.
Had the Thanksgiving sandwich there and was pretty tasty with artisan bread.  Would like to have like a sweet soft bread to compliment all of the flavors of turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and gravy.  The wait took about 10 mins and reasonable price for what you get.
We had the red velvet and what I believe was called the lemon drop (you get the idea) and they were both delicious. The stand out to me was the red velvet. I actually didn't eat it for almost a day and a half after buying it and it was still damn delicious. I would return here in a heartbeat!
I thought it would be better for a place inside Aria. The selection was Ok but more for a 24 hour dinner. Some improvements might make it a better place to enjoy some great food.
Pizza was oily, caesar was too garlicky and prices are a little too high for me.\nThe bar embience was good but they need a happy hours or specials. \nMight try again in a few months.
Neat little place, but boy were they packed. Food was ok - not out of this world; drink was good. Not outstanding, but a nice place to stop.
Pretty cool view of PHX zoo, see distant view of downtown. Def worth checking out if on the way. Small hike as in maybe 5 mins walk from nearest parking lot to the sitting inside the hole.
Servers are attentive and their queso rocks!
This place is terrible. Oh and the wine is not free its just included in the over priced meals I mean really $22 for chicken alfredo and some salty soup and warm bread. Do not go here
Warning!  Please don't go there, fresh maybe.  Service OK.  I don't think they know how to mix flavors good.  It was freakishly weird-tasting.
Disgusting company. The car you ordered will never be there. Then they ask you to change some other cars which is much smaller!!! They even said yaris is in the same size of focus! So it is not worth to spend that much to rent a car in their company!!
We ate here twice in the couple days we were in town.  Sandwiches are a pretty good size so if you're not big eaters, you can split it and be full without a problem.  Service is fast and sandwiches are delicious.  Great choice for a quick lunch.
Second time here! Yum! The Beer Mac & Cheese is bowl licking good! The smoked olives were outstanding with an incredible flavor. I also devoured the tuna sandwich. Fun atmosphere, delicious brews and complimentary valet in a perfect downtown location!
Pretty good food.  The orange chicken was a bit TOO sweet, but I am partially responsible for not asking for hot oil.  Egg rolls are fresh, and their pork fried rice is spot on.  Probably the best chinese joint in the east valley.
Filthy dirty. Very slow workers. So glad I don't live by this one. There wasn't even a trash can outside, so people used the ground
Love this store, it's my one stop shop. \nI've been going to this store for years, the prices blow me away at check out every time.
Hit or miss kind of store. One day, I walked out of here with three pairs of designer jeans. The next, nothing. You have to have a keen eye and go during the mid afternoon or when they first open if you want something really good. Finder's keepers!
Rushed service ruined what could of been a great night out. The view of the Belagio fountains is unsurpassed. Food was tasty and flvors blened well. But the serivce. They were burning them and turning them. I guess that what happens when there are lines out the door there?
So... $17 for a ordinary burger that I finished in 6 bites and a large soda. That should be enough said. Definitely a tourist trap
service was exceptionally slow, but the food was tasty. we tried a variety of dishes from lamb, goat, chicken. I didn't get a refill on my water until after an hour or so. the belly dancer was entertaining though
This was our second time using New Beginnings.  Both moves were local, inside the city limits.  We were extremely pleased with the quality of service and the price.  The movers themselves were extremely helpful, very kind, and efficient.  Highly recommended.
Gross... I ordered a Stromboli to go and it was crap! It's wasn't cooked all the way, the pepperoni was all in a huge hunk in the middle of it, and the bottom of it was all soggy. Never again!
I've eaten at Sasha Sushi four times in the last five weeks.  Food is great and the service is wonderful.  I've taken visitors from California who said it is among the best they've had.  One must try the Japanese Lasagna and the Pain in the ###.  They are awesome!
My daughter and I and arrived at 4 pm (our appointment time) and sat there for 15 minutes without even being acknowledged. Walked out and went to Autumn Lee nails instead.\n\nThe only good thing I can say about the place was that it looked clean.
The carrot coconut cream soup was tasty, as was the risotto. Would definitely go back!
Horrible service, gave away our table to some pushy and demanding people. Would NEVER go there again. Hope they fail like the half built building on boths sides of them, fitting setting for this place.
It's OK. Here's a quick tip, if you want pizza, keep walking toward C12ish there is a sabarro... Go there.
Had a 10:00am appointment, didn't see Dr. Blanchard until 11:00am; he's great hence two stars instead of none.
Awesome place to see a concert/show. Easy to get in and out, great seats from just about anywhere in the venue. Acoustics are surpurb, good ventilation so it's not stuffy or smokey. I'd definitely check out another act here!
Like many restaurants in Scottsdale, this is all style and no substance.  The food is good, but subpar for the prices paid.  I even returned a glass of wine because it simply was not worth the $10.00 cost.  And we did not think the menu was anything special or unique.
The food is decent. The service pretty much sucks. \n\nThe whole time I was ordering two sandwiches the server acted as if she was impatient and was going out of her way to build my order. She could have at least tried to show some level of interest.
This place is dirty, the carpet and the tables smell like they've been soaked in beer for years.  The other locations are very clean and pleasant compared to this one.
Happy hour is best for this place. 50% dishes. Just beware, the seating is a first come first serve basis. Food is good. We ordered garlic shrimp pizza, tuna and california roll and fried calamari.
I was looking for a go to pizza place and I think I may have found it in Gino's. Had the Hawaiian pizza. It's was delicious. Plus the drivers have credit card machines which makes for easy payment when you don't have cash.
very tasty food and friendly staff. good price point and large portions . I'll be going back .
To their credit though, someone did contact my wife about my Yelp review to hear more about why we are so dissatisfied.  Still rates a 1-star, but at least they understand how Yelp works.
Shady's is a nice corner bar without the old drunk guys.  I enjoy a place like this with a more artsy crowd.  The variety of jukebox music helps to add to the atmosphere. The only negative for me is that the lights are down a little too low.
Had the gulf shrimp po boy for the first time. I knew Dexter's was great, but now I'm planning to go here every Friday I can! And the beer selection is incredible. Great place with friendly service
Not as good as Touch of Thai (which sets the bar for Thai food in Phoenix), but a very nice place with fantastic service and good fresh food. They are flexible, the prices are affordable, and the options are plenty. $10 for a nice lunch combo. Parking is a little tricky, but you can find it.
Terrible. The nachos were good, everyone else in the group hated their meal. The manager was very quick to comp off most of our lunch. Don't go. Ever.
Amazing food! Very. Very delicious. Although the menu contained a lot of beef, I still managed to pick something very tasty, filling and non-beefy. Their house salad is perhaps one of the best I've ever had! Service was great, however I would have liked the booth to be more intimate.
Ok so this is actually our 2nd time here. Let's just say the first time around was forgetful. We decided to try this place one more time since the kids wanted wings. Waiting for your food to come still takes forever and it wasn't even busy. The servers were nice but I can't bring myself to come here again.
Horrible! Never again will I come ans shop here! I recommend this place to no one! The service is horrible and to top it off they changed the prices when I got to the register. I was only suppose to pay 70 bucks for 2 items and they charged me 108! No one come here!
Charged me for items not completed...I have been fighting the charge for nearly 2 months.  Do not use this company!  They over-promise and under-deliver!
Very nice atmosphere, fast service , and fair prices, good for family and couples the only thing is the small parking in a front
A great place to eat-in, but A-OK for take out.  Since I do more take out than eat-in I give it a 3 star rating.  I don't know why the take out food can't be as great as their eat-in selection, which is so fantastic...
had the Pastrami Reuben with no cheese the sandwich was absolutely amazing, I got the potato salad also that was also awesome great taste to it and  i topped off the meal with a black & white cookie really good nice and soft  If you want a quick bite with really good food stop here I just found my new vegas sandwich shop
It may be cool and trendy but the service is not all that great the lobby is kind of dirty and the glass that separates to the bar/restaurant to lobby is kind of dirty the only thing it's really spectaculars  is the pool and then the view from the top of the roof that would be about it.
All I can say is that I will NEVER go back! The food was awful and the wait staff is sick of hearing how bad the food is they won't ask you how your food is, they already know , they don't mean to be rude they're just looking to pay their bills.
Avoid!!! at all cost this place doesn't have adequate parking. And your car may likely be broken into or stolen. The staff are unhelpful and only will help you if you tip them.
I've had better falafel and better hummus....mashed up chickpeas with no spices. The lentil soup was pretty good. I wish I liked it better because I live really close.
I didn't stay here, just walked around and checked the place out.  It was recently built, so everything is nice and new.  The fountain out front is pretty spectacular.
One of my favorite places for dinner!  Would go again and again.  Not once have we had a bad service or food.
i would recommend this to anyone that lives or is visiting las vegas... Killer show. I took my entire family and we loved every minute of it. great humor. Great magic.
Pretty good food. A wide variety of mexican dishes. Pretty authentic except for the lima beans in my burrito. Did not go well with carne asada and cheese :P
Pretty good but not the best.  Our server tried hard to be helpful but they appeared to be understaffed.  The \"manager\" came by and apologized without our complaining, it was a bit odd.
This place is really cool and has some of the best beer you can find. I usually come in for a couple and take home a couple growlers. They don't last long I should probably start taking home more.
Great burgers, great service. I chose the Cowboy Burger and it was excellent. The patty was big and juicy and a fair price, I'll be going here again next time I'm on the strip!
I've eaten here a couple times, once for breakfast and once for dinner.  The food is good but overpriced for the amount you get.  The employees were nice and the service was fast.
Greasy Greasy Greasy. Pizza and Calzones were both very greasy to the point that I didn't want to continue eating.
Farmers markets here in AZ seem to be more of a craft fair.  Very limited in the produce department.  But what they do have is good and those working their booths are polite and helpful.  Like the tamales.  Tasty variety.  Parking was the pits, but it seems they've modified that situation a bit.
Disappointing! Turned away without even trying after driving 25 minutes to try for the 1st time. It's 9:15, sign says close at 10p. \"We decided to close early today\" #FalseAdvertising
I just had the best interview with Ms Townsend.  Not only was she kind, she was just brilliant in the analysis of my employment issue. Even though I was calling for a friend, and from out of state, she took the time to direct me (and my friend) to another attorney who could best serve our needs.
I did not like this place at all. My husband & daughter also didn't like it. It's flavorless. It's like half assed American Mexican food at Salsarita's or QDoba prices. Trust me, just go to a QDoba.
I'm giving you 4 stars because I want you to succeed. It is the coolest place in the area by far. However after eating here 3 times now the reality is that your food is just okay. It's not that fresh and its pretty heavy. Service is improving. You must improve your food.
Don't know how this place has a 5 star review. The pizza literally tastes like a tombstone pizza from the supermarket. Oh, I forgot to mention that for a large pepperoni pizza its $24!!!! Really!? Never again thats for sure
Great place with a cool college vibe. The rolls are unique to the community and the service is awesome!\n\n$1.50 beers during happy hour!
I've only been to this location on a visit from out of town. The sandwiches are tasty and the prices are good. You can sit up in the loft and see the whole kitchen from a bird's eye view.
Went there again with some friends, to see Jackie I guess we know a mutual person that I don't like so she threatened me with violence that she would pull me off the bar stool and stomp my skull in. But that's cool. I can go give my money to another bar with a more professional staff.
Great service, but the paella was tasteless, with all the charm of a mix.  Wolfgang Puck surely can do much better than that!!
They must have run out of every spice except for salt and just added extra to compensate. I love salt but even this was too much. Also, diarrhea. I've since stopped eating here. Given the choice, I prefer the runs to be caused by Filiberto's rather than Poliberto's.
Flame food. Definitely the best spot off breakfast on campus hands down and arguably the best place to eat from 2-10 am \n\nWaitresses are always quick and friendly and food always comes out promptly and delicious.
Great atmosphere, even better food! We came in for lunch, I had the blt with their homemade chips mmm. Would definitely go back!
Marilyn's Make U Magic is AWESOME! She is a true artisan. The customer service and office environment are great. I would highly recommend Marilyn for all your PAINLESS permanent makeup needs!!
Had a great experience with SixT out of Sky Harbor.  Starting with the beautiful and wonderful Antonia who greeted me at the counter. I had a new convertible for a great price. No wait in line or to get the car. Bringing it back was just as easy. Everyone was wonderful! Thanks all.
Came to grub on some sandwiches and they are out of pickles and literately out of bread. Who the hell runs out of white bread and sourdough and wheat bread. That's an essential part of making a sandwich. Will not come back!
Great value for consistently good food.  I keep getting the pulled pork sandwich. Need to try something else. They also have a wide range of sides, many of which are home made and done well. The place runs like a clock.
We always loving coming here to have coctails. We could usually get a seat, and the lounge is positioned well for people watching. The bar offerings are expansive, and you can't go wrong with anything they specialize in. I have yet to be disappointed in choosing this venue as a perch for the evening.
I'm going there tonight for the 100th time.  NCC always has fresh food, and polite staff.  The Owner treats all customers very well.  There is no reason to complain.\n\nRibs and chicken are cooked to perfection.  Corn as a side dish is my favorite.\n\nI recommend the Cafe highly!
Chef cooking in the open facility. Mostly noodles. Pad Thai noodles, beef. A most desirable appetite for the hungry man. Couldn't take this to heart.
Just had a dough boy soynami for the first time and it was really good. Will be back for sure.
Everytime I stop at the PHX airport I make it a point to stop at the Barrio Cafe. They have exceptional margaritas especially there \"Lowrider\" margarita. There food is also really good especially for airport food.
Their green chile burritos are great! Enough for my husband and I to share too. Really love the chips and salsa! Better than many other places!
Order the Rib-eye bone in the bone was so big but the meat was pretty small. Cost $110.00 for a small piece of meat with no side or anything sigh. Ask to take the bone home for my baby and he loved it. LoLz
Best almond croissant ever. Really good hazelnut flavor in the gat\u00eaau de f\u00eate. Decent opera cake.\n\nVery surprising o find high quality cakes and pastries here. Do not miss it if you're at this central train station in Montreal.
When I got to this place I was super stoked, the ambiance was amazing, service for sure is excellent. Food ? Outback is better not worth 100 buckaroos  per plate :) hey but I heard brunch is really good here I'll try it sometime:)
Just sat down to have breakfast at at Fifth Avenue cafe roach was crawling and countertop portions were ridiculously small and prices were expensive I don't think I'll be returning and I don't recommend this place unless you like a little extra in your food
Not a lot of flavor to the food. I got the lobster bisque and it tasted like tap water, Caesar salad wasn't impressive. My husbands prime rib was good but I was just expecting the food quality to be higher in such a nice resort. Service was adequate, no complaints.
Even with a coupon, the drinks are overpriced ($13 girly drinks, $10 for Jack & Coke)...however, there's something to be said about killing an hour or two on a patio, drinking Jack & Cokes, watching the freaks parade down the strip.
Horrible service.  The guy, John, who took my order was a rude prick.  Never even got the food.  Do NOT order from this establishment!
Out of all the hotels that I've stayed at in Vegas, this one is by far my favorite place to stay. The rooms are great and the beds are amazing. I especially like the location.
This is an incredible church and is definitely worth the $5 to get in to see it. This is the most intricate woodwork I have ever seen in a church and the organ is huge. No one was pushy and it was just nice to relax and contemplate things in this beautiful church.
love this place, great coffee and fraps!
Old School Vegas.Fernando the waiter has been there over 30 years.he is a class act.steaks are prime and very good .very tender,with a nice charr.the may have the best baked potato ive ever had.little pricy but well worth when in vegas
Try the sweet potato fries with a side of honey mustard instead of ketchup. Linda and the rest of the ladies at the bar are awesme.
Awesome view and great tasting drinks but a steep price to pay for them. For a lounge the DJ had the music playing as loud as a night club so forget about trying to have a converstaion with anyone while you are there.
Get the asiago cheese bagel with sun-dried tomato cream cheese!!!!!!!!!
Service was excellent! Food was not. Coffee was cold and metallic tasting, burgers had a weird taste. Nothing special with everything else we ordered.
Worst SBS I've ever been to! Employees are not very nice or helpful and the products are for display only so you can't see what you want to buy unless you ask aforementioned employees. Do yourself a favor and visit the one on Lake Mead, they are much nicer and have a better selection!
Excellent show!!! I was nervous about this show because of the other yelp review and I gotta say. It is definitely worth the money. Also it really helps explain the communication problems that men and women face day to day!!! Must see in Vegas!
Very cool place...another great place to spend a Saturday afternoon with a good lunch and good drinks!
Not a bad place to get food specials under $4. Service was not horrendous as they do get very busy here with high volume of folks lining up for good steggs after clubbing hours.
Not bad.  We didn't want to walk around and were very hungry.  Went to the Pub, ordered a burger and got full.  Food is okay, drinks are great!
Finally a place that has some real hot wings! Triple Atomic is awesome and will make you sweat. Reduced my rating because the beer selection could use some help. Lots of taps but not that great of selection for a town that has some really good micro-brews.
I was a walk-in and they were able to squeeze me in.  Atmosphere was nice.  The ladies were very friendly.  I received a mani, pedi, and eyebrow wax.  I am very happy with the results.
Friendly staff. Love their pour over. Retro vide
2 1/2  stars very mediocre Mexican food no flavor, salsa is way too mild, never thought Mexican food could be this bland. \nThis place closes at midnight on weekdays and 2am on weekends.  Really bad neighborhood don't go there after dark!
One of the highlights of our trip to Arizona... Super weird location, but they have quality beer and that makes me happy.
The prices are good.  All the staff with whom we came in contact were very nice.  Then, we got to the checkout.  The elderly male checker was sooooooo rude!  It was Tuesday, November 26, 2013, before noon.
I love Red Mango!!! I've been to both locations, and I just love it! I usually get the original with granola, chocolate chips, and raspberries...MMM MMM GOOD!
This place is fantastic! Service is great and the seafood is delicious. Make sure to try the Trifecta and Pacific Rim seasonings.
You would be better off going to a Asian store and buying frozen dim sum. Price was ridiculous for dim sum and the area and quality totally not worth going! Was very disappointed . I have had plenty of Dim Sum all over the country. Would not recommend this to anyone who knows Dim Sum.
i really enjoy going here, other then the fact i need car parts;( . very helpful staff, never any problems with getting help. good place to get your auto parts.
The staff was just as wonderful as the food!\n\nWe had to wait a bit for a table on a Saturday night, but it was worth it!
I love this show.  It was the most amazing show I have ever seen.\n\nThe only slight problem is that now I compare every show I see to this show and always end up thinking 'it wasn't as good as Mystere'.  Like nothing can come close.
I love the vibe of this place. It's fun and laid back. The day life is just as awesome as the nightlife. They have a rockin' happy hour and the pool is awesome, especially since it's getting warm again. They play some awesome music and the staff is pretty cool
Don't eat the south blvd macs there dirty cooks and rude staff and management that they have I wouldn't recommend people I say more it's way much better BBQ out there in charlotte this place sucks
I loved everything about this store. The cute cups, the variety of liquor choices and most of all the candy. Staff were friendly and helpful. Great place for tourist.
Some of the worst customer service I have ever experienced. This place is an embarrassment to UPS. My suggestion, I would avoid this location and make the drive to the Tatum and Shea location.
Seriously the best breakfast burritos ! My husband and I get them twice a month on Sunday mornings! The staff is always so nice and their food is great.. Prices are good too! A+ from me :)
I really like this place... I've tried the potato dumplings and the vegetable stew and they both were really good. The sticky toffee desert is sooooo good! I'm craving it now!\n\nDefinitely going back!
Dr. Talley does not seem like a caring doctor. She is nice and pleasant but I just don't get the impression that she actually cares about me as a patient. The office staff is friendly. If you are looking for a doctor that gives you their full attention, Dr.Talley will leave you feeling anything but.
I had a horrible experience at this hotel. Housekeeping stole my ring that i left in the hotel. It was horrible. I will never stay here again.
So happy to see a place that actually makes their own juices. The staff was super helpful and the juices were amazing love the orange apple ginger soooooooo refreshing
Overall good place. Pizza was good and a great selection. The service however was really slow and non-attentive. Took 30 minutes after being seated to have wine and sodas at the table. Cute place, but the acoustics need some help, very noisy. Would go back if in the neighborhood.
Korean short ribs, unbelievable tofu soups. First rate Korean food. A must try.
This place was horrible!  Thw waitress was very nice, however it took 40 minutes to get our soup and grilled cheese.  When we got the soup.....of course it was cold and it was not good at all!
I had Gaylord security come out last month for a estimate for a new alarm they arrived on time . After going through the estimate we decided to sign and Veronica sign for installation the following day . We are so happy with are new alarm system
Horrible! Don't waste your time coming here. Service sucks and they are VERY slow!! They forgot my order and I was waiting for more than 30 minutes. Almost every person was complaining. Ditch this spot and go to McDonald's haha
One of the best sandwiches around Phoenix, but they changed the bread and I'm not a fan.  Still a good sandwich, I'm hoping they switch back.  Tiny place, run down, but popular.  The staff has worked there forever and they have good prices.
Third trip here and the NW pub burger is the best.The staff has been great every time. Also a must try are the bacon cheddar potato pancakes. Nice atmosphere inside and out.:)
Run down rooms, smoky Casino. Very few Black Jack tables. Last two times staying here on business they have tried to over charge on the daily resort fee. Always check your bill here. Very isolated property.
Food was decent but the service was flat out terrible. They quoted having communication problems, but it was just a disastrous mess of customer service. We waited 30 mins for our food without being checked up on. Only plus was the better than average chicken sandwich I had.  DTM out.
Their homemade ice cream is super fluffy and very yummy! I love the flavored tea as well. Steve makes my tea PERFECT every single time. This is also a cute little hang out spot. Board games provided (:
wow....this was a fantastic experience
GREAT COFFEE, great service. What's not to like?! Check it out.
The best place ever for Sushi!
This was the first time I came here and it was OK. \n\nThe chicken was flavorful but the salsa were definitely lacking. \n\nAlso, kind of on the expensive side considering it's a \" fast causal\" type place.
This park is great for dogs. The main green area is the perfect amount of space to play fetch or throw a frisbee. Have water all around for the dogs. \n\nHaven't experienced late at night park visit yet, but I'm interested how they keep it safe still.
Fresh and authentic Chinese food. We especially love their seafood dishes. They also make the best hot and sour soup I've ever had. It's perfect for whatever ails you!
Great beer and the best Pulled Pork Sandwich I've ever had. The BBQ sauce is amazing!!
Probably the worst restuarant in Phoenix next to Zipps sports bar.  The food tasted like it was microwaved and rubber.  I always wondered why there was no cars parked out front....and now I know why. Beware:  eat at this place at your own risk!
They got to our house very quickly however they were extremely expensive! My key broke off in the door. They tried to charge me $200.00 for all of about 10 minutes of work.
I love Studio Movie Grill. What can be better than watching a movie and eating and boozing!? Awesome. Look on Groupon to see if there are any coupons for this place - they many times hae nice little deals for this place!
Older yet well kep resort thats generally a little cheaper than other Scottsdale resorts.  Good pool and bar happy hour deals.  Free internet.  Free parking.  No BS \"resort fees.\"  No balconies on rooms is a bummer but the rooms are very spacious and quiet.  Will stay here again for right price.
Horrible beer selection. \n\nWalked out because they serve foie gras.. Shame on them!\n\nAnd, there hostesses were clueless.
The service was unimpressive and the food took a long time to get to us. But it was tasty. Never been here before. Would try it again sometime but with lowered expectations on quality of service and speed.
Not the illest nails at all.  Massage chair was broken. They had no artistic ability for nail designs.  And the pedicure was lazy not even a massage with it. Won't be going back.
Great rates and a great restaurant for breakfast. Been here twice \n(might have been more, kinda hazy) but from what I remember it was a good place to lay  my head.
Great shop, selection is sparse, but I like options carried.  Definitely brings personality you can't find at Southpark.
Terrible service experience. After waiting 20 minutes with no wait staff acknowledging our presence, we began to wonder if this was a self-service restaurant.  The place was less than half full and still not one person stopped by our table to help us. Pizza is ok but is absolutely not worth the hassle.
Loved the outdoor patio! Super cute intimate lighting and misters. Great wine selection also! \n\nPerfect for a first date kinda night or a casual night out gossiping with the girls drinking wine. :)
Breakfast was surprisingly good! Salsa had fresh cilantro and lime. Wait staff were friendly and responsive. All good.
This was a nice CLEAN place. However, the thing I did not like was that the guy doing my pedi kept stopping to greet people walking in and answer the phone. Super annoying. Took longer than expected because of all the interruptions.
I don't have any extreme feelings one way or another about this restaurant. I guess I can say I was \"disappointed\" but only because I was hoping to be impressed. There isn't much else to say.
The pharmacy at this store is AWfUL! They have lost several prescriptions. I asked them to put something on automatic refill and they never have it ready. They do not know what they are talking about and are extremely rude and unhelpful. Save yourself the time and go somewhere else....
Your typical super snobby LA type nightclub.  If you're not on the waitlist or have giant knockers, you won't get in.  No really.  So basically the regular line is actually a line up.  $50 a person or a short dress will get you picked, leaving only the guys left behind.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere and fun environment. The toppings were fresh and numerous! Great place for a quick sweet tooth fix! One suggestion add waffle cones as an option!
I eat here a couple times a month.  Their steak potato and cheese burrito is my favorite.  I've also had the green chile burrito that is really good.  Always fast service and it's all for a good price.  This place is defiantly worth trying out.
The lemonade is tasty and the chicken fingers are consistently good. Not a fan of the cole slaw so I get extra Texas toast or sauce instead. I suggest getting a large lemonade because you have to pay for refills. I think the chicken fingers are better when you eat here. The to go container makes everything soggy.
I like it better then Denny's so I stop on by to get some breakfast. It's okay not the best place in the world but if your having a hard time picking between after hours with Dennys and Waffle house I would pick waffle house for sure.
Being new to Arizona and unfamiliar with Mimi's I decided to stop in with my family for some mediocre food and rude, slow and overall lousy service. The ambiance is a throwback from some era when it may have been stylish but today appears old and tired. We will never darken their doors again.
Do you like beer? Real beer?  Then go here. I tasted some of the most delicious stuff ever, in a cozy, yet lively space.  Strongly recommended for fellow beer enthusiasts .
Hecho is a cougar den with weird hours and spotty service. If you want some unusual people watching and an afternoon margarita, it's fine. If you want something else, there are much better options in the MGM complex.
Took a day trip to Vegas & a friend recommend BabyStacks,  I guess a lot of locals come here. The food was delicious, I could taste all the flavors of the food as it was fresh.
Loved this show!! Would recommend.
Pretty good cashew chicken. Not too much sauce which is good. Average egg roll s and crab Rangoon.
I love this place, staff, coffee, and punch card! Try the iced Pocahontas. Don't ask questions, just do what I say. ;)
Elegant, cozy atmosphere.  Attentive and friendly service.  We had the two-course fixed price meal.  Great flavors throughout.  A bit pricey overall, but it was a very nice dinner.  Easy location a short walk from the castle and other sights, across from St. Giles church.
Buffet is good. Theater has shows all day for $6
Last time I came to this dmv about a year ago I was in and out within an hour , now this place is way overcrowded , long wait!! Why does the dmv have to be such a dreaded thing . Dmvs in Florida are plentiful and hardly a wait! Hugh!!
i had a terrible experience here.\n\ni'd go into detail about exactly what happened, but they have my personal information, and that honestly makes me feel uncomfortable.\n\ni would not recommend this computer store. at all.
This was a nice little pub, that served up some great Nachos; Also, they have a great Beer selection.
Ugh. Do you like extremely busy not-so-clean airport terminals? Then McCarran's is the place for you!\n\nLet's just say- it gets the job done. But security lines can be a nightmare. And the restaurant options are downright depressing.
BEWARE . FRAUDULENT . Came to my house on 4/11/13 to fix the refrigerator . Took $330 deposit for a part that needed to be ordered . Has not returned . Will not refund my money. They have no intention of fixing my fridge.
I go to Cassie every time I'm in that side of town or go out of my way to go there she has always done an amazing job I trust her with my eyebrows it's a clean and friendly environment
Amazing drinks here and if you hit the happy hour, even more amazing prices on food.  Four of us shared the 60oz. ribeye and it was only $95!!!  And the meatballs...even my Italian grandmother would love them.  Wonderful experience here, would go back ANYTIME!
Great service, good food, nice patio. If you are in the mood for Greek you can't go wrong. Noteworthy: hummus, Greek fries, pitas, gyros, Greek salad, chicken souvlaki dinner, and mousaka!
I love this place. So many more options than chipotle or other burrito joints. I love chipotle ranch!!!!!\n\nMy only negative comment is that these need to be in California! I get Zabas every time I come to Vegas. Cannot complain.
I've been meaning to write this for a while. I used United during EDC and the driver was superb. He was able to navigate the confusing pick up and drop off procedure and get us there ASAP. Definitely 5 star service.
Loved the food here before but was so disappointed yesterday when I went in for the dinner buffet and they said they don't have it. It is still on their website. I drove all the way from queen creek for it :-( please update your website.
They have always treated me well. I will review the car and have them touch up some issues . The staff is friendly.  I have never had to worry about honesty . They will buff things out if needed.
Great ice-cream at a reasonable price. I love their chocolate banana milkshake.
good cheap wings on certain nights but turns into hip hop ghetto weirdness at night/weekends.   this is one of those places where white females go to hook up with black males .  you get my drift .
Amazing food and cocktails. The music is to die for, if you are a reggae fan like me.\nA perfect meal!
The pizza and the beer selection here are great.  You can get a really basic pie or something off beat.  The nice thing about this place is that you not only get a really chill place to go eat but you get a lot more options for your pizza than you do at most other places.
The Harmony hours listed are dead wrong and they are open, not closed. Makes me wonder about the fact-checkers at yelp... do they have any?
I've been to two branches of Great Dane for lunch,Downtown And Hilldale Mall,both good.I remember lunch at Hilldale being particularly good.Surprisingly they have outstanding onion soup.I was also impressed by the steamed bratwurst .The beer is solid if not that memorable.
Insomnia is the best. The guys are great, Magic is amazing. Great hookahs, they can mix anything you desire. I suggest the Magic Special or Sandy Cheeks. The cigars are great too, a decent selection. It's a very chill atmosphere with relaxing music. Great chill spot.
I was trapped across the street at the God awful RnR bar. I was longing to be there instead. It looked like a fun friendly place from across the road and the few bikers that crossed the road to check out RnR were good guys. I just feel odd without  a bike going there.
The pho is delicious and reminds me of the pho served at Da Vang and Pho Thanh.  Divey and cheap this is my new go to vietnamese restaurant.
Not much to choose from but you only pay 7$ including drink. Noodles are the best dish. Eveything else is ok. Its good for a work time lunch
It is what it is. A budget airport hotel. The staff are friendly. The free cookies are fresh and tasty. We were there from 1230 - 6. Slept in a comfy bed. Had a hot shower. No complaints.
Good, nice decor but crowded, so the wait staff seemed overwhelmed so service was sub par. We are not huge eaters, so probably didn't quite get our money's worth. Dessert was very pretty and tasty
I have been there a couple of times.  Nice space, huge you could get lost in there and I have.  The parking totally sucks! Such a big place little  lot.  Food and drinks are goood
The food is hot and the fish was crispy...that's about it. The fish lacked flavor. We decided to try the basics and if that was good we would try other items on the menu. The basics were fine, just didn't live up to the hype.
I've been back a couple of times since my first review.  They continue to be spot on with service, very friendly, and the fact that the manager reached out to me to thank me for a review, shows these folks care about their customers.  I'd happily go to Salty's for VB and beers anytime!
Awesome, must go, unique dining experience! The food and presentation are totally unique, what a breath of fresh air!  A must go destination for anyone visiting Vegas. I will be dining here on every Vgas trip from now on!  The food was great....and yes I visited because of TV's food network.
Perhaps one of the best tea/cafe experiences in Pittsburgh. Hands down, this place is off the charts. The ambiance, employees, and tea are the best in Pittsburgh. Their selection of tea is impressively large. The cafe is also a great place to study.
BEST WINGS EVER!!!!  Service is slow but it's worth it!  Burgers are good too but the wings are outstanding!
I personally thought this place was terrible. I ordered 2 cheese slices and I could barely eat it. I felt that the cheese and sauce tasted cheap....I certainly didn't think it was tasty or anything like that.
Nice people. Nice rooms.
Quite possibly the worst food I have ever had at a reputable restaurant. Some food was inedible salty and the veggies had no seasoning whatsoever. Terribly disappointing.
Expensive hay and feed, and something about the vibe of the place makes me want to go take a shower.\n\nThe community bulletin board is good. It's also nice that they have shot clinics for your dogs.\n\nBut IFA is a much more pleasant shopping experience.
I really enjoyed the ambiance of this restaurant. It's secluded away from the gaming floor and really feels like it's on its own property. The Chicken Satay is a must. Can't wait to go back!
Really can't even give them a 1.. A few good nurses understaffed!!! Meds denied by pharmacy and never given on time not to mention some nurses rude and unprofessional!!! Unfortunately only hospital my mother's doctor contracted out of!!!!
We went here as a family.  Music was pretty loud and the food was average at best.  We won't go back again it felt more like a college bar and not a place for families.
They redid the entire store. They now have a full sushi bar with amazing sushi! They also now have a wide variety of foods and brands. If you're looking for something particular that most grocery stores don't have, this place probably has it.
Does it really take that long to make a smoked salmon bagel??  Twenty minutes, yet the cream cheese and capers weren't even assembled on the bagel!  And very overpriced water...
Do not come here if you're a vegetarian. There is literally nothing on the menu and the chef was not helpful at all.
Cool bar with hit or miss service. The food is above average but not having a server help you for the first ten minutes sucks. Normally a good time on Friday nights, can be expensive if you plan on staying there all night.
This place has great french press coffee and O-Worthy french toast. The decor leaves a little to be desired, but the buttery, sugary goodness makes up for it. Come early or be prepared to wait in line. It's worth it!
Not bad.  Any time of day or night get some pretty good Mexican food, good size portions for a good price.  Save your calories for this place.  The taste is good, too!
I must agree with the first reviewer, sensational indian. I would have given it 5 stars had the dudes working there at least cracked a smile...I've been there at least 10 times and not even a twitch. Great food though and only do takeaway.
First visit and last visit tonight. Ordered a burger and plate came out with a large hair on it. Ruined my appetite.
I brought my 21 and 15 year old daughters.  We brought some wine and sparkling cider.   It was a great girls night out.  I would have been just as fun with some girlfriends.  The teachers were patient, helpful, positive, and didn't rush us.  We had a great time!
Very nice.  First time here and at a raw food restaurant.  Loved the enthusiam of Xavier!   Had a good mocha and tried the raw sweets!  Loved the coconut macaroons!   Atmosphere is very relaxing with cool jazz.  Next time will try a raw meal.
We had the two bedroom, two bath suite. It was quiet, clean, and great amenities. The front desk staff has excellent customer service skills. We were told that there will be renovations to upgrade this already fine place. Loved the easy breakfast and fun happy hour that is complementary.
Been here several times this year. We make it a plan to visit every time we come out to LV. 5 stars for a dive with live music. Good/Cheap drinks, rockin juke box and great live acts. If The Blues/Rock n Roll is your type of thing, don't miss out.
I love which which in Tucson, so excited when It came to scottsdale. I ordered my favorite sandwich in large and untoasted. After waiting 15 minutes for my sandwich, they gave me a small even though they charged me for a large and it was toasted. Guess I'll just have to continue to get my which which in Tucson.
i drank heavily here. the boat was rocking!! which was the best part.\nthe drinks were weak and expensive. but i had a good time!\n\nthere aren't enough boat themed bars in the world.
Came here with a friend who said their buns are good. The soup was a little spicy and the pork dish was delicious. I would come back!
After noticing the $6.89, 16inch garden thin crust pizza we got it, but it was cold and not near the $6.89 price on the menu. Total waste and lies! After telling the waitress our service got real bad. You can't charge different prices. Looks like a consumer protection issue here!
Great place for a sweet cool snack. I had family come into town and we were looking for something cool to do so we went to check out Zoni shave ice.  Most of us had never tried true Hawaiian shave ice. We loved it with the ice cream in it. Everyone liked it. Great family environment.
Terrific.  Had one of the Hot Dogs and a Taco al Pastor.  Wonderful flavors, and filled me up nicely.  Great little place!
Great food\nGreat chefs \nGreat atmosphere \nI would definitely eat here again, five star burgers, and we came really late near closing the night we went and instead of being rude to our group, they gave us free desert! Loved it, awesome food
I've eaten here three times over the past 5 years and I've been disappointed each time. Sometimes it's because they mess up my orders, sometimes it's because the food is just underwhelming or simply not fresh. I know people who like this place a lot, so perhaps I am just unlucky.
In my great adventure of trying new foods, I found this cute little place. Now I had heard about Pho and wanted to try it, they have so many options and such good food I want to go again tonight....in fact I might try to go again!
Love the food. Not a big fan of the environment. The Chef/Owner/Namesake Antonio Park is charismatic but he lacks a staff around him to really make the restaurant work. Excited to see what it can become but not terribly impressed with the dining experience thus far.
Pros - Red beans and rice, shrimp po' boy, fried okra, bread pudding, and RED OAK beer. \n\nCons - Really bad live music.\n\nSolid little joint serving good food and cold beer. Service has always been good as well.
0 STARS. This dairy queen is horrible. The employees do not know how to do their job. Completely disorganized and not clean. It took three employees to ring my order up. Corporate needs to review this shit hole of a store.
They do a great job here, inexpensive, and quick. Peter is the best hands down!
The food is reasonablly priced and always comes out hot. We've never had a bad meal.
I am not impressed with the sushi. It's not that great. I was very disappointed. I don't believe I will ever try it again. I think a Chinese delivery place would make better sushi.
Decided to try thai house one night for take out, and I'm glad! The yellow curry is some of the best I've ever had and the phad thai/chicken satay were delicious as well. Service was quick and the staff is friendly! Great location near Superstition Springs mall.
What a crappy neighborhood. Go a few miles another direction if you need to hit a Walgreens. Go to the one on Green Valley maybe if you need the clinic in particular. Just skip out on this one for your own sanity.
Very disappointing. Server was not accommodating and felt that a dirty coffee cup is acceptable. Not very friendly and not open to subbing 1 item for another. With all the great places in the area, I will not be back!
Room was OK. Free Internet, breakfast n shuttle to airport and strip. But shuttle runs only between 7.30AM to 10.30PM. I saw roaches in the room. That some what made me mad. Room has mini fridge, coffee maker, stove, sink and microwave. Over all it was OK.
Plenty to shop and eat here. Lots of different stores and you can get most all of your shopping done with one stop. It's a big area, though and more new stores are getting ready to open.
Once upon a time it was really good, but the food seems too oily for me. \n\nI do really like the salt & pepper crab legs, but you must go there early to make sure they don't run out. \n\nGreat price but you get full very fast....
Food was good. Horrible service. Hostess was rude. Our waitress forgot about us and had to ask someone to get her to bring the check. Took about 30 minutes.
Great food and great service. The chicken enchiladas suiza was delicious!
Everytime I go, this place can be hit or miss.  Either the food's great and the service sucks or the service is good and the food is blah.  The sliders, crab cakes and chocolate souffle are probably the only things that keep me coming back for more.
We came with a group of 12 with reservations.  We even received a confirmation call.   When we got here we were told there was no reservation.  The manager apologized over abs over but did nothing to try to accommodate us.  This once is poorly managed. The staff is not trained on the rules.
Talk about overrated.  Extremely underwhelming, overpriced Italian food.  I've made better things at home for much less money.  I have NO idea why people like it so much.
This is the best place to clean your car. every time they do a great job.
Good store with average selection. Staff was friendly and helpful. Yes, there are better stores in NY, LA, Chicago, etc, and I would have loved for this to be a huge flagship store, but it is still a solid store and managed to put a dent in my wallet
Food is always great but the service was horrible.  We sat outside because the weather was perfect but it took about 10 minutes before anyone came to our table. There was people sitting all around us but we were just ignored. Next time I want Chompie's I will be going to location in Tempe!
The food is very tasty, just not always very fresh tasting in non-peak hours, i.e. 3 pm.  However they have a very interesting take on Greek food and they aren't too pricey.  Definitely worth trying and worth the occasional lunch trip.  Also parking can be tricky to find, but its in back.
This is the most friendly and affordable nail salon ive been to! The owners are sweet and their massage chairs are fantastic! I highly recomend this place.
If you want to try new/exotic fruit this is the place for you. I bought Jack Fruit for less $$ compared to other Asian markets in town.
Much more than just macaroni :)\nThe selection is wide and probably will fit your need for anything in the \"Italian\" cravings section. Be sure to check-in and get your free breadstick!
Never disappoints!
Iv been coming to this salon for years and always a great experience! Kim does great manicure, pedicure, haircuts, and eyelash extensions.
This place is really busy and popular for some reason however I don't understand the appeal. I had a burrito and it was very disappointing, it was huge but did not taste nice at all. I love tex mex usually but will not be returning to this place.
Gave 3 stars based on no kids menu and the price is high for pho. Great service. Looks run down on the outside but nice and clean on the inside. Pho was too Americanized. Had vegetables in it and what tasted like garlic.
I concur with what everyone else said negatively about this place in all their reviews.  I just wanted to bring the average rating down a bit more.
I like to vote and promote businesses with my money and so far it has been a good experience dealing with this establishment. Good prices and good customer service. I will definitely be back for more of my firearm needs.
Best Greek food we had in ages. I spotted the Yelp sticker on the door. Wonderful, tasty food, Will eat there again soon.
$3.10 for a 12 oz iced coffee!! I want to support a beloved local landmark, but can't afford to do so anymore.
We enjoyed our dinner and appetizer when dining.  We had lettuce wraps and the Hong Kong Noodles and everything was flavorful and fresh.  If you are going to dine here and staying at the Luxor, take advantage of using your food credit coupon from the book they gave you at check in.
Good food great prices!! Always fast friendly and on time! Love this place and the staff
I bought a Groupon for this in February and we were able to use it on Valentine's Day.  It was a great present for both my husband and I since this is our first baby.  We were so excited to see him up close and personal.  The ultrasound tech was very friendly and the place overall was nice.  I would definitely recommend them.
Pretty basic room with a flat screen TV. Beds were not comfortable but the room was clean and not bad. Only one elevator and you have to go through the main lobby. Would try to find a better place before staying here again.
I like Jimmy Johns but not this particular location.  Their speediness gets in the way of them making a better sandwich.  Mine are always thrown together in a sloppy fashion and lately I feel like they're shorting me on the turkey.  I've also found a piece of plastic in my sandwich before.  Gross.  Very disappointing.
I walk in at 7:30 the doors are open they let me pick my fish then tell me the don't cook after 7:30 nice doing business with you
Update:   They now have Coors and Miller Lite on draft.  Yay!  They're a real bar again.  I don't know the drama, but apparently the management has been \"let go\" and the owner is now managing the place.
Only had a chance to experience the Oscuro (amber lager) and the pizza (the Arizona vs. Boston) so far but it's enough to make me want to come back and try more.\n\nLots of flat screens. Should be a great place to spend a Sunday afternoon watching footbal in the fall.
Delicious. Cozy atmosphere. And delightful serving woman. Very legitimately Japanese place. Great place.
I love this place. I have been coming here since I was pregnant with my son on 2011. Dr.Glassman is a great doctor. I never have had issues with the staff before.
Best white pizza in town!\n\nOther pizza is great, too. The crust is what pizza is SUPPOSED to taste like, not oily bread like other places in town.
I always get consistently good pizza and service from this location.  I order once a month or so and really enjoy this convenient treat.  \n\nI reccomend a pizza with pepperoni, yellow peppers, and pineapple.  Delicious.
Some good stuff. We were visiting Red Rock and decided to try this place. I remember the bread was soft and good flavors.
Food was absolutely horrible! Service was mediocre. It all tasted like frozen or out of a can - nothing authentic. Spent about $100 on two adult meals, two kids meals, one beer and one frozen margarita. What a waste of time & money. Don't bother going, even the food court was better.
i have to say i like great links better than the lunch box. their dogs aren't bad, but they are pretty much the run of the mill hot dogs. good place to go if you are short on time and in that area looking for a cheap eat.
Amazing choices. Friendly staff.
LOVE this place! \n\nI do advise you to go when it is slower because thesandwhich will be perfection in this instance =)\n\nThe staff is welcoming and they have the same ppl during certain shifts so your face will become known and they make you feel special!
If I could give this place 0 stars I would, that is how bad the food was. It seemed like they had only cooked 10 dishes and sadly the most memorable dish was the frozen corn. I didn't think it was humanly possible, but I have finally found a buffet worse than Hometown Buffet. Good job Circus Circus.
This place is yum and a many steps up from filiberteos.  There carne asada fries, nachos, and rolled tacos are delicious. \n\nPlus they are open 24 hours so it's perfect.
SLOOOOW!!! I was the ONLY customer and it took 45 minutes for me to get a BASIC wash! I talked to the manager and they didn't eve offer any sort of discount for my wait. Will not be back.
We saw the original owner was back so we figured we would try out the pizza.  We were very disappointed in the food. We will not be going back.
Cici's pizza is ok. It's cheap pizza for lunch. Their price matches their quality.  Service is nice and they are willing to make a special pizza/slice for you if requested.  \n\nTheir brownies and cinnamon rolls are FANTASTIC though.  \n\nI'd go back.
All the food here is just really unremarkable based on my visit.  Nothing special, everything seems just unoriginal and aimed at middle of the road palates, not creating anything exceptional or memorable.
Great little place, lot's of games to play, cheap drinks. Needs more pool tables, or patrons who are willing to let other people play, and not hog the table.
I routinely pass by this location to dine at Smashburger next door.  The service at this location is not up to par.  Their managers may listen to you but do not correct their staff's behavior.  I'd recommend going to neighboring businesses before giving your time and money to this Chipotle.
We decided stop in to have a slice or two.  The dining / waiting area was completely filthy.  The floor was covered with a variety of dead bugs and garbage and the two small tables were sticky.  I like their food at their other restaurants but will never go back to the Monona location.
Great service and best wings ever. Love to drop by for a drink and enjoying the relaxed atmosphere.  Cheers!
Typical bar food type place that is good for large gatherings. They are accommodating, have a fairly large place, and it has never been too busy when we went for an after work get together.\n\nRoadrunner Saloon is nothing special, but it's not bad either.
Great place to get a snack at let's say . . . 5:00 AM.
I had a great experience at Vegas Valley Fleet and Auto. They just opened a few months ago and do great work. Each of the mechanics has a lot of experience and they really are honest. It's nice to have someone you can trust to do just what needs to be done. \nHighly recommended!
Food was okay.  Balding manager didn't greet us at door. All the employees seemed absolutely miserable there-especially the manager.  What a depressing mood in this place.
The service is fast. The staff is friendly. The pizza is good for something fast. It's cheap and you get what you pay for...but do you guys always have to burn the pizza?
Love the organ...  Sad to see this Arizona historical treasure in such danger of mediocrity due to poor management.  The pizza we had wasn't worth taking home.  I didn't want to insult the cardboard box by putting pizza in it that is more tasteless than  itself.  Fix yer food folks!!!
One of my must-go-to places when I'm in vegas.\n\nLoves: \n- Flat iron steak\n- Rib eye\n- Chinois salad
I've been to Radio twice since it opened and have had great experiences each time. The food is fantastic, the atmosphere has great energy and the martinis rock. Try to the watermelon martini...it's smooth and not to sweet.
They took down my review twice..... It was not offensive at all except stating the facts. Yelp should stop letting the owners easily taking off the reviews......
Best pho in Vegas!
10 mins on hold to place a to go order. Pull up still on hold and the place is empty. I'll just go somewhere else, thanks! The one in henderson has much better service.
The food is decent, the beer list is fun, and the bartenders are knowledgeable. However, I've never encountered a more rude or unwelcoming wait staff. I won't be returning here unless obligated, because of the horrible service.
The snacks are more expensive than the harkins... And the seats look nice but are hella uncomfortable.  I mean go-to-the-chiropractor uncomfortable.
The Yoghurt parfait and Captain America sandwiches are my favorite. They also have the Nutella croissant and other baked pastries that taste very fresh and full of yummy flavors. Excellent customer service too.
Fast and easy! Steve did a great job with my new car after someone carelessly opened their door into mine. He came to me at my work, charged a fair price, and got the job done quick and right. I highly recommend.
Nice rooms; nice casino; great pool/beach; hate the location....you have to take the tram or drive to get to the rest of the strip.
This place is super good! The downside is that I can't go here for lunch because they take legit forever to make anything, even a pear salad (and that doesn't include lettuce btw). If you are in the mood for a leisurely meal, this is a good bet.
It may be a celebrity go to but it's really not all that great. We were expecting top notch for the price we were paying but some foods were just as good as Applebee's. The desserts on the other hand were scrumptious.
Chichen wings are delicious and pizza is okay. People who work there are not all that friendly but maybe they are just in character, not sure. I wouldn't go back for the pizza but I would go back for the wings
We always come to the Egg & I when we are in Vegas!  Today was no exception. Lindsey served us an amazing breakfast. We love your selection and especially the spinach Benny.
The worst customer service I have had. Working as a sever myself I am usually patient and understanding. I would not recommend this place.
Good hang out for sports. This place does get very crowded on peak hours.  Good Happy Hour!
Great quality to price ratio, period. Do not come here for service or atmosphere. You won't get it   But fresh and good sushi you will.
dig deep players..     \nu know what i mean!!
Decent NY style pizzas, only thing I like are there cheese pizzas (which is as it should be for NY style). A bit on the salty side, but I still come back for more.
It was my first time to visit this shop today. I have ordered chocolate whoopie pie, princess cake and pistachio cheese cake. Whoopie pie was the best out of three. Chocolate bread was very moist with light whipped cream. The other two were kinda sweet to me.
I stopped by this Goodwill located on Southern Ave and Stewart on 9/23/2011 to donate some items and discovered that it was closed. They moved to 1046 S Country Club Dr. (480-844-0906). The new location is next to Bookman's on the NW corner of Southern Ave and Country Club Dr.
Excellent pastas, salads, sandwiches, and dessert. The only think missing is a little ambiance. I'll sacrifice that for the flavor, well worth it. Great as a carry-out establishment.
Great location, delicious fish entr\u00e9es and very good service!
OMG...This place is  awesome!  Don't miss out on this hidden gem. Hot comfort food and could beer.
Went with my two kids - just ordered a pizza which was very good kids liked it a lot. Haven't tried the rest of the menu but the place is comfortable and relaxed.
Subway should fear for it's life Capriotti's is the Don
Plain and simple, over-rated.  Don't get me wrong, the desserts are good, but HARDLY wait 1-1/2 to 2-hour wait worth of good.  It's doggone ice cream, people.
Couldn't even finish my lunch, maybe this place is great for breakfast but it's terrible for lunch.\n\nThe waitress was very friendly and gave us a discount but the food was just bad, bland and a little gross.
The food was excellent as was the service. However it is hard to hear as the acoustics were not so good. The owner came by the table and told us it was going to be fixed in the winter.  Highly recommend this restaurant
It was nothing special. Slow service by tiny ladies. The potatoes we had with brunch were not so good, and the menu selections were skim and did not show much originality. However, my girlfriend LOVED the smoked bacon!
Yea a pretty good sports bar.  Nice staff and good wings (been there only once).  There's a front bar and a rear bar for overflow.
Food is great. Chips a lil salty but a lot of food for great price. Server was very friendly
Everything I need under one roof!
Weak sauce! I had the bubbles after eating here. Actually my family of four had the bubbles. \n\nCurry chicken was very weak. If you like Chinese food that is on par with panda express, then this is the place for you. Think taco bell of Mexican food.
Theres not enough meat in the pho, u can get double the amount of meat in Chinatown, LV. Too much cinnamon and star anise in the broth. I'd much rather drive the distance to Chinatown to get my money's worth. They better change that or they won't be in business long.
Slooowwww as hell! No updates on our order while we sat there. After 30 minutes we walked out. Waitress came out after seeing us get into our car and held her hands up as if what's wrong? No apologies, \"everybody came in at the same time, you have to wait!\"
Tried it today for the first time. It was great, I don't know I f it was because I was so hungry or it really was delicious. I had the \"hey Suzy\" it was great.
The stage is beautiful, the sets are beautiful.. The story and music were blah.  We were disappointed and fell asleep.  I looked around and we weren't the only ones having a hard time keeping our eyes open.
This place is awful. I literally had to choke down some of my sushi. It was warm, falling apart and the avocado was brown. I complained but they said if I didn't eat it they would charge me the a la carte price. Have not and will not ever return. If you like good food so not come here.
If you think this is a bar... DON'T! If you want to drink beers with friends, this is not the place! They cut us off after our 4th beer! In Tempe that is ridiculous! Don't waste your money here!
I have only ordered the pork fried rice with no bean sprouts, but this is by far one of the best fried rices I have ever had. I love when I'm i the area and get to go to this place.
The bacon commercial with non stop fries, only says \"HEART ATTACK!!!!!\"   Thanks Applebee's
Update: they seem to always have pizza now and we have always loved the atmosphere and the owner.\n\nPizza is really good when you can actually get it but they still only have limited toppings. Took 3 attempts to actually try their pizza because their cook is never there. Call before going there for food
Rotten lobster more than once. Rock hard frozen chicken in the \"fresh\" section. One more ruined meal and I will never shop here again. Wish Albertsons was still open across the street.
They advertise for nails but they don't do anything other than basic mani pedi. No acrylic, gel or anything. Also, they charge $110 for eyelash extensions, way too expensive.
Super fun place to celebrate a 21st bday. Just make sure to go through VIP or else it might be too packed and crazy. They treat VIPs very well ;)
One of the better 'gathering spots' downtown.  The perfect spot for drinks and a light meal prior to a night on the town. Not the most exotic of menus but plenty of options that will please.
Went here to get my nails done on Thursday and Moon did an amazing job! I was running late and when I called to let them know they were very nice about it and told me not to worry. When I got there she was ready and we got started immediately I got gels and moon painted a flower on them they look amazing!
Ate here for breakfast. Typical diner food. My omelette was pretty good but the hash browns were awful! There was so much butter flavoring in them they were soggy. Wouldn't come here again.
Cute store and the owners Judy and Dennis are the most fun.  Great selection of outfits for every occasion. They are my new best friends! Thanks guys
Good food and a surprisingly intimate venue at the quiet end of the strip. Well worth giving a try, kind of a little gem. I had the duck which was okay, the breast could have been more tender but the presentation was good and the taste was balanced.
Two stars. The items they carry are fantastic, however, the prices are sky high (although that doesn't mean that isn't room to bargain) and the staff is extremely unfriendly. I would rather shop on Ebay or go pay full price at Lumature or Design Within Reach.
Smoke smoke smoke!  Needed a place to snag a couple of sticks while I was out with the guy's in the family.  Decent booze selection and LV prices in the humidor, but they did have a reasonable variety.  Would probably stop by again if I'm feeling the need.
I stayed here for a few days in late 2011 for a work trip.\n\nPros: lots of food options; parking's easy to get in/out of; room was nice.\n\nCons: can be hard to find your way around inside; especially since its primary function is to be a casino.
Great custard. Not as good as their location in St. George. A little rich for my taste.
Save yourself some grief and just run away... water tates like chlorine so in case you eat here drink lots of water... it may stop food poisoning. ... the french toast had a soggy wet egg taste and texture.
I refuse to be treated like a criminal by default. I WILL NOT give up my personal property becaue they think I might steal something. \n\nMost of the stuff in this place is junk.
super awesome!!!
Love this place but their hours on yelp is wrong. They close at 3 but yelp says 4pm, they need to look into that and get it fixed.
Family owned and operated hands down best orange chicken and house friend rice in town do yourself a serious favor and stop eating all those wanna be chinese food fast food places this place is just as quick just as cheap but twice as good trust me I'm Hawaiian and ya lol I grew up eating a lot of asain food this place knows what up
Terrible service!!!! Had to wait 30min to pay check. One of those places that serves big portions of cheap food and since they received a little exposure makes them not care about service and cheap food.
Ate at the bar. Amy helped me out with the drinks and recommended the ribeye. Awesome food and awesomer service. Thanks again Amy!
The largest selection of whiskey I have ever seen, very knowledgeable staff and an atmosphere that just feels like you've dropped by your friend's place (if your friend were one of the most dedicated whiskey collectors in the world).  Downstairs isn't bad either with a pretty nice selection of interesting beers.
5 stars.  Love this place.  Already a ton of yelpers have yelped about Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe.   I am sure most of them are similar to my love for this place.\n\nSpicy Beef Noodle Bowl.
All we ate here was the korean ribs, and the food does not look very fresh but good price for a buffet. I think about $15 per person. Also, there was no dessert.
Ok I have been here many times now. I love the salad bar. Steak cooked to order. Cabbage and Meat Loaf. All food is excellent and price is great too. Also the weekend breakfast is very good and includes your beverage for about $8.50. Give it a try.
This place was once a good spot now they serve soggy pizza and cold wings. service is not great i just waited 45 minutes with 4 tables full. Don't go if your hungry.
Just not good. Waitress knew I hated my food and didn't offer refund, discount, or replacement. I barely touched it. It was loud and clear how much she did not give a fuck. We were one of only two tables in there, so there really isn't an excuse to have missed something or been too busy.
This place has been one of my perennial favorites for over 10 years. I love the subs, eggplant parm and greek vegetarian and two faves. The platters are great too. Tons of great deli salads and all the best ingredients an Italian grocer should have.
Good, not great.  The quality of the food was subpar and the quantity didn't make up for any of what was lost. Workers weren't very friendly and it was pricier than chipotle, without being better.
$16.20 for an adult ticket and parking is roughly $12.  The theatre is nice, but you can get the same thing at Studio Grill (minus the over priced ticket and inconvenient parking).
No UNI today - I guess I should have called ahead? We wanted to try it out... Just average at best. Short sushi roll selection. We will not be going back... I approve this message J K Kuhl
I miss this place does anyone know where the sushi chefs went?
Love this place! Frieda and Barb are both awesome with a straight razor! Great fades!
The wait can be long so try to make a reservation before hand. A little pricey but the portions are decent. Mac n cheese was very tasty!
i would give negative star if possible - constant problems with the lane during our 5 games, staff wasnt of any help, at all. it's my first time, as well as last time.
We went on mother's day, and the food and service were both fantastic.  They were willing to cater to food allergies, and offer a new gluten free menu.   The food was so great I went back for a business dinner two nights later.  Not cheap - but worth the money!
There is one thing I get here and it is awesome...THE PANANG CURRY.\n\nEverything else is a drop off ...but the Panang is fantastic.
I too got the 2 slice and a drink deal.  I had the pineapple and ham pizza slices.  The sauce had a nice tang to it and I got ham and pineapple in every bite.  A good lunch deal.
This pho place is quiet and small.  The broth is a little lighter than most but its inexpensive and still very tatsy.  The staff is friendly and helpful, have been and will be back for times to come!
Straight up legit wings joint.  All they do is wings and they are amazing! They aren't a chain and have 18 amazing flavors. Be sure to ask for the chef special.  Also get the homemade biscuits.  You won't be disappointed.  They even let you try the wing sauce before ordering.
This place is such a hidden gem! Right in the middle of the Linq - the girls are so sweet and beautiful! Great ladies night out getting my hair blown out and a cocktail awesome!!!
What  can I said one of the best places to eat real mexican food at the best prices in town also get catering and great customer service
This was one of the first places I tried in Madison.  After having several brunches and lunches this is one of my favorite places to go.  The food at this clean, upscale Irish styled pub is consistently very good as is the atmosphere and service.
I have been getting my nails done for years and never saw a place that was so dirty.  The male nail tech was extremely rude.  Will never go back.
Been to this restaurant quite a few times. Always great food and great service. Top marks :)
The sushi rolls are kinda thin. I heard a lot of good things about this place. I only found it to be ok. I was not that impressed. I'd go again but it wouldn't be my first choice.
Absolute favorite for breakfast. The banana walnut pancakes, sausage and egg sandwich, frittatas, oatmeal are all great. Love the house blend and passion tea. Nice atmosphere. And there have been times we've carried our. They package the meals very nicely.
Everything here was retail priced...very few sales. I suggest going to the Premium outlet just the next bus stop away...lots of sales there. Apparently you can park for free near the movie theatre and walk over...or you can pay at the meters along the street in front of the shops.
I just recently had my first professional massage from Jesse. It was a great experience, very relaxing. I will be returning.
Does pizza hut differ from the midwest??? We ordered from this place one night and were so disgusted by what we had that we will never order again... \n\n\nhungry howies is better if you can believe that
I have never had a bad meal at Olives. Great food, exceptional service, nice view of the Bellagio Fountains. It's not cheap, but worth every penny.
Saw this from the freeway on the way home every day. Finally went. Food just really isn't good.  Everything is just kind of blah. I will not go again. For what you're paying it's just not worth it. Kind of tasted like re-heated frozen food from Sam's Club.
Self serve car wash and it's a Chevron..
cheap food and real slot machines that take and give give real coins.  I like it.
They were such a big help when I got a nail stuck in my tire. The same thing just happened, going to try again.
This company treats it's employees really poorly.  Employees are required to come in and work when they're sick, so there's an increased chance of becoming ill if you eat at Jimmy John's.  It's worth your time to research this company's history of mistreating the people who make it a success.
Favorite store in Madison.  Super cool finds!
Horrible place. We purchased a groupn to use and they would not accept it. Their food was average at best and their service was below average. They would not even apologize about the groupon. Their are much better places to eat closer to the strip.
Simply amazing. I have known the owners for awhile and they are so nice! \nThe sliders and hot dogs are so good! The french fries are also amazing. They offer a wide variety of toppings too. The chicken fingers are also good. Everything here is delicious! There is a great drink and snack selection too!
The food here is really good and I am picky and very critical with food.  It's very good, refreshing, and good prices!\nCome and try it, you will have a new favorite place to eat.\nEnjoy!
Great service , amazing staff and the best prices in Nevada . Go see SJ and Moe best guys around !!!
Even for a cut rate motel chain this location was particularly bad.   No wash towels. No hand towels.  One tiny soap.  No drinking cups.  I guess you get what you pay for.  Never again.
I am not a beer drinker but went there last night with husband and friend. Hubby and friend liked the beer. Hubby had the James Brown brew. Food not so good. I had the fish and chips. I would not recommend. But service was fantastic!
I reallly don't like the cheap meat that is made so thin that they serve.  I only experienced the hamburger, and that surely wasn't impressive by any means.  Meh....not so good.  Not going back.
Quality of the food is always there! Love that they are open late and they full menu is available at all times. Great shake selections and prices, especially after 8pm. Delicious slush flavor combos.
In case anyone was wondering if I ever got the credit that was promised to me by the management.....I did not. Nor did I receive the complementary breakfast.\n\nNEVER STAY HERE, THE MANAGEMENT IS AWFUL!!!
I had absolutely the worst experience I have ever had at a bar on the strip at blondies today. 11/4/14. The bar was busy and the restaurant was too and there was only one bartender. Being in a hurry to get the Britney Spears concert it made it impossible to get a drink before. Completely unacceptable for Vegas standards.
Small and ghetto. What more can I say. You will be bum rushed by panhandlers if the shirt your wearing looks clean and you are clean shaven. Area is sketchy so bring your glock!!
I have come here for basic oil changes..\nFriendly staff.. prices are reasonable \n\nFYI this location actually moved down a block to another location
always great stuff. I've been to better ones. But this one is pretty neat, good selection and excellent parking!
The atmosphere seemed great. The staff was amazing. The food was sub par. 5 out of 6 people in party were very unhappy with quality of food. Manager took care of our bill and was great but food left something to be desired.
Not bad, service was on the slower side, but then again it was lunch time 12-1pm but very friendly and quick cashier
I liked the little bowl of soup and salsa with nachos that were brought as complimentary appetizers.  \n\nI had fajitas with beef - the beef was hard to chew. \n\nThe service was a bit slow and the host wasn't friendly.
This place is great despite the bad reviews.  Dollar tacos and 2 dollar burritos Monday Tuesday and Wednesday.  Can't beat that.
If you need a place on the north side of Las Vegas and want to stay away from the casinos, this would be my recommendation.  It is quite, clean, and the staff has been friendly and helpful.  Several good restaurants are within walking distance, which is nice at the end of long a work day.  Location is very convenient to highway 95.
I come here pretty much everyday but that doesn't mean I like it. I only buy gas from here if I'm completely on empty, otherwise I go to the Chevron up the road. But I am a Slurpee addict and I need ice so I continue to come here.
I called Ron on a second opinion about a toilet issue.  Not only did he offer the same day service, but he was able to fix the problem at a very reasonable rate!  Thank you Ron! :)
Service sucks, food bland, too many waiters around asking if you needed anything. Sometimes too much of a good thing, isn't good.
Nice spot, with a friendly staff.  The sandwiches were very good, and the ingredients all tasted very fresh.  The lady at the counter convinced me to try the cookies, and I was not disappointed.  Oh, and of course, try the cider, it's no joke. Mmmm.
Great restaurant, great food, great service, it was truly an amazing night followed by Mystere which was an amazing show as well. \nEven had the 2 little old men come to the table to serenade us! lol
Have been here a few times for Brunch and recently for Happy Hour. Love the vibe and food! Their signature cocktails are great too - my fav is the g-spot.
They no longer have their \"old favorite\" roast beef with gravy, but they replaced it with something similar. They put bread on a plate, then mashed potatoes, then roast beef with some veggies and pour gravy over the whole thing. It was different but it was good. I did enjoy it.
I really like this place. The people all have skills and to top it off they c are all very friendly and happy they just want you to be pleased with your nails. I enjoy getting my mani- pedi ' s here.
I love this bar! Great atmosphere, everyone is super friendly, and great bar food!!! A definite must!
Meat is fresh but fries are just average at best. Had to ask too many times for condiments. Go to 5 guys if u just want a burger.
This place is so slow.... And the workers look very confused and not sure what they're doing. Walgreens or Walmart pharmacy is much better.
Overrated.  This place was so rude, the food was ok, and the prices were a little high for what you get.  Skip this place and go to ACE in Mesa.  Way tastier and ACE is a lot cheaper.  Never going here again.
I'm dropping my original negative review and upgrading to average. Fair is fair; I've had much better service in recent visits. Truth is, I really like this place. Just wish the service was more consistent.
This past weekend I had an excellent experience at Sandbar.  My two friends and I all enjoyed the happy hour prices available until 7 all weekend.  The food was delicious with reasonable prices. Our waitress was great and very helpful as this was our first visit to sandbar.  Fun atmosphere!  Would recommend to friends!
I guess our server needed us out in a hurry. I barely touched my salad before the entrees came. The drink orders weren't right, and there was a child just running and screaming in the bench seats. It all ruined a relaxing night I was looking forward to. The food was very good, though.
Awesome happy hour! Th-Sun after 10pm free pizza and dirt cheap drinks. During the day the food is great as well. Could use a update looks a little divey. Still gave it 5 stars for value on happy hour.
CLOSED.  Disappointed to report that, when I tried to go to Regions in Tempe on March 13, they appear to be out of business.  I never got to try it, and I'm slightly annoyed that the Tempe location is still listed on the restaurant's web site.
I live less than a mile from this location. They mess up my order 2 out of every 3 times I go. By the time I notice, its too much of a pain to turn around and make myself late for work. Also, if you go too late in the morning, they are out of alot of bagels.
Best juices anywhere!
Each time we go, I order the Baked Mostaccioli w/ meat sauce. It is always excellent and my kids love it as well! I'd recommend dining in or ordering for delivery.
Me I just don't get it I guess . One dozen they call them specialties came to $16.87.\nWhat , for donuts ? And average donuts at best...I swear a dozen glazed at Smith's grocery fresh at 7 am blows these away !
always turning out good food and good service....Hands down, one of my LOCALS favorites
This is my primary happy hour spot when I'm hanging out with friends I worked with in Scottsdale. Jasmine is my favorite waitress there. There are times I've had drinks just show up on my bill so be sure to check.
I ate here 4 nights during bike week. The food is good the beer is ice cold and the staff is friendly. Kira was my waitress 2 out of the 4 nights and she is awesome. When I come back I'm going to request to sit in her section.
Not too thrulled with they food. Pizza wus aight. I would not rite home to brandine about it. U have to rite down wut u want on a peece of paper and give it to the lady. I dont rite so good. But I do my best. U got a problem wit me?
Very annoying young staff yelling alot also in that whiny girl voice. Wifi and reception stinks as well. Not a good place to conduct business as they don't clean the tables or floors either. Damn..they won't shutup. Gotta leave.
This branch has a very unprofessional staff. My spouse & I are both going to switch banks due to very poor customer service!! Tellers are rude, very young, do not care about the customer at all.
The food was awesome & so was the service!!!! It was my 1st time going & my husband & I were very impressed!!! We will be coming back! It was a Great Date Night!!!
Decent buffet here and not a bad price for Vegas, but overall I found the food quality meh.  Lots of selection, though, including desserts -- even cotton candy!
I am here for the beer and to watch sports, the food is just OK. I really like a bar where the bartender asks your name and uses it.
Disgusting. Just got my order a half an hr ago. Worst pizza I've ever had. Poutine was terrible too. Nasty, just nasty.
Service was shitty, peanut shells on the floor is minus points, and food was medicore at best. Why come here? I do not know. Many of other places that are so much better than this one.
Very nice place. The people there are friendly. But the food was just okay. Wasn't bad but nothing that great. Maybe I just order the wrong food. Again the food was on the skimpy end.
Love me some Chipotle!\n\nFreshly cooked, properly seasoned, (usually) quickly served.  As fast food goes this is one of the best chains.
NOFO is now reopened.\nGreat ambiance and fun idea - but not impressive service.  Dishes came out incorrectly, took forever to get refills, and coffee was cold.  Food was ok.
I have never been a fan of brussels sprouts and now I'm a fan if it's peeled and cooked. Sooo good!  Get the saut\u00e9ed mushrooms and egg cavier as well. These 3 were my fav.
There seems to be a. \"Click\" that hangs at the bar . So if ur not part of it u r basically ignored by the bartender . Not hating just saying don't sit at the bar if ur not a regular
The theatre itself is pretty old and small, cramped, but relatively clean and CHEAP; $2 per ticket.  Cash only.  If it weren't for the low prices it would be a one star.
I Really Like this Place. Their Hot Dogs are always good. One of my favorites here is the cheeseburger. It has a very good taste to it. Also Their fries are coded, whick gives them a good flavor.
Being that yelpers loves this place, we decided to try it. Overall, the food was good. However, I have tasted similar dishes elsewhere and it was normal for me. We had the duck curry, fried fish, pad Tai, drunking noodles seafood, salad seafood and tom Yum soup.
Love the food, it's always consistently delicious. My usuals are toasted pastrami (yum!!!!), calamari Caesar salad or a slice of pizza and salad. It's on the regular rotation for lunch. Check it out!
The best chiropractic office, staff and doctors I've ever encountered. Here, the focus seems to be about finding the best method to help/heal their patients, whether it's a service they offer, or outside of their practice.
Food was fantastic, service was superb. Drinks were full at all times. Waygu beef tacos and chicken mole were top notch! Try the ultimate grill. 3 samples of appetizer, one entree and desert! Yeah
The company my wife works at had a Christmas Party at Casa Paloma @ El Chorro.  Neither my wife, nor I, were impressed.  The food is perhaps not what we like.  Food was a little too plain, and little too run of the mill, for us.
Amazing selection of everything from microbrews and liquor to brewing equipment and supplies.  Convenient location and very friendly owners who are obviously committed to offering great product and reasonable prices.  They are interested in continuous improvements!  Looking for craft beer in Sun Prairie, WI?  Stop in at Cannery...you won't regret it!
Went there late Saturday the 15th. Enjoyed the food. Service was okay too, didn't appreciate the waitress coughing at the pickup window where there were plates of food waiting to be picked up. Definitely a real turnoff for me. Hope we don't get sick!
had Trans rebuild put in my 98 Dakota.  Had one issue after fixed, towed back to AllPro.  They fixed w/o additional bill.  Truck running great now, about 10-15K miles into this tranny.  Good rate, I would recommend them
We came here after midnight - maybe even after 3am? Can't remember, it was a long fun-filled night. The waitress was wonderful, the food was excellent! The menu has a nice variety of Korean, Japanese and Chinese.
By the looks of it this place is under new management. As a result the range of drinks stocked is less comprehensive than it used to be and the decor's gone rather minimalist & sterile. Not sure that the bistro is any longer vegetarian either.
Dark Knight Porter was excellent.  The Irish Red seemed off.  We were there on a Thursday afternoon.  Looks like they have bands play in the back on a regular basis.  Can't comment on the entertainment, but the beer was ok.\nThis is a tasting room for the brewery.  No food, 2 TVs, and a few chairs.
Another restaurant in the cosmopolitan that is overrated and overpriced! 100.00 per person and we left hungry. tiny portions and less than special paella!
Great Store.  The amount and the variety of stock is awesome.  Easily one of the best crystal/rock shops I have seen in my travels.
I loved this show ,but enjoyed Love a little better.On the other hand my son and grandson liked this more so than Love..Methinks maybe this is more enjoyably for the younger crowd..
Second visit in a week, I love the passion of the new owners, food is fantastic, salt and pepper shrimp was a perfect surprise and ca berne with sushi, love the suggestion, we  will be back........ soon.
Walk off the mainland...\nDo not get caught by the tides...\nWonderful wildlife!
Great service, but the big lobster is a gimmick. To expensive. To much pressure to enjoy your meal. Big lobsters are not always the best. Stick to the buffet in the hotels, much better deal. $300 for three was ridiculous, mother father and child.
What a cool place...literally and figuratively!  The place is comfortably cool and the yogurt choices excellent!  I'll be baaaack!
This store is pretty cool and is a great location for street shopping. Also had some really cool gift ideas and great for visitors but went in there specifically for arrowheads and they hand none, I feel like that's such a common thing for this area they should have that.
Stopped in with a friend of mine on a busy night. Even though busy, we were greeted and helped by a very friendly sales associate. The store was kept neat and tidy, especially considering it's the holiday shopping season. I would definitely visit this location again.
French onion soup is very good amazing steak chocolate lava cake is amazing
Cute chinese pancake vendor outside, delicious looking americanized pastries at the bakery, a quick fast food section like the other ranch markets but asian, and great produce/prepared foods at good prices. No indian section like Asiana market, but I am definitely a fan...now to learn Chinese so I can understand labels
I have always liked making a stop at this place while at South Point Casino. Good food, friendly staff and a fun environment. I love that they have the options of different flavored fries. And mmmmm the chili is great as well. I will be back again when in the area for sure.
I had to bump this up to a 5 star rating after trying the delicious Shahi Paneer!
The food here is simply amazing! The service is fantastic. The owners do a great job of getting to know you and cater to your hunger. The pad thai and curries are so delicious. I love coming here with my family. I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a great and fun time as they eat phenomenal food.
I love this place. Good drinks, food, and service. The menu has something for everyone. Everything I've eaten here is good and the sour cream and chive fries are amazing!
Get the stuffed grilled cheese. Don't even look at anything else. Just get it. One of the best things you'll taste in this city.
Good food. Reasonable prices. Wine selection a bit short. Decor great.  Only complaint is my filet was rare when I ordered medium.
So glad for this addition to the Hard Rock.  Pretzel Fondue is fab!  Prices are great...good service.  The decor is very rocker chic and the atmosphere enjoyable!  Wonderful menu selections and a great patio experience as well!
Would have loved to eaten here but the wait was ridiculous. The host was rude when we were trying to be seated and stopped talking to us mid conversation to take care of something else. They need to find a faster way to seat their customers if they want my business.
Delicious potato soup and tender chicken! We loved everything. Our new fave Mediterranean place.
These guys are the BEST - so helpful and not pushy at all. It was the easiest car buying decision in my life. The Chevy Volt is really an easy sell anyway. Ask for Ralph. Say Josha sent ya.
After writing my initial review and being disappointed by my 2nd experience, I was contacted by the salon to come back in. They went above and beyond to make my experience better! I was very appreciative that they were so accommodating and made sure I was pleased with my nail art. I will definitely be back to the salon!
Food was very tasty especially the pork belly.\nI wish the servings were a little bit more.\nThe place is quite small for a restaurant in Vegas.\nOverall, it is a must try.
The place was horrible and food was well not very good .\nIt did have good bread sticks , pizza was atrocious . I live nearby and the place is Closed. The signs have been removed and the interior is being torn out .
My go to place for all things liquor. They've always been helpful. I find the store easy to maneuver and the employees have different points of views but all worthwhile. Great for gifts. \nI love the Godiva box for gifts.
Great prices and friendly staff!
Love this place! Quick, friendly service and good prices. It's fun to eat conveyer belt style!
I was contacted today by Tiffany at BJ's in regards to my review and was issued an apology for the bad experience and offered a gift certificate to make a return trip, hopefully with better results. Great customer service on BJ's corporate part.
Ambiance qui me donne la nostalgie de Barcelone ... Service chaleureux et Humain. La quantit\u00e9 des tapas et plus que raisonnable ... Certainement mes favoris pour un 5 a 7
That Big Guy working inside should be fired , was super rude when I asked for something then ripped the plastic off and was super disrespectful to my wife saying you people etc , DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE AT ALL
An excellent establishment, they fixed two of my glasses for free. I will be coming back here when I need glasses, excellent people here, extremely high-quality glasses.
I need not to say anything about their grocery-really they are superb cool. Only things to say is that- their homemade TAMALES.............. Super duper AWESOME. So just coming for this, just coming man!!
We had the California club and tuna melt were great. The service was fast and friendly. Will come back again.
I was in need of moving services and one of my friends recommended Denali.  The owner was professional and completed the job sooner than he estimated.  The price and service was excellent.  I had zero damage after they finished unloading. I would definitely use them again!
I've lived at Dakota for several years and I'd say overall it's a beautiful community and the location is perfect.  Staff could be a little more pleasant.
Great little all around burger stop. Great hotdogs burgers and Italian beef. They are across the street from my office, but often make the drive on Saturday just for lunch.
FREEZING in this restaurant. they have eliminated SO MANY appetizers.  my pretzel sticks were over cooked.  service is slow & there is almost no one here. probably won't return.  go to Applebee's instead.
Have the chicken avocado burrito. It was great.
Wagyu beef tasting was amazing! Always a great experience at CUT!
Great place. Great food. Had the bananas foster French toast. Wow. Fresh orange juice. Bacon was great, not thin. The hot Juan omelette was good as well
Awesome kabob sandwiches that they make using their fresh baked breads. Probably my favorite part was the fresh bread. The meats were also very good. You can watch them freshly cooking all the meats over the wood coal stove. Simply  delicious.  A must if you are in the area.
Love the rooms here, beautifully appointed rooms with great view.  Prime is very good, with so many high end shops in the hotel you never have to go outside... Well the fountain show is better viewed at night so it is recommended to go out for that at least.
Great view and atmosphere. The best espresso martinis.
I hadn't been here for awhile but happy that I went back. Very good service. Steak and grilled shrimp were very good and cooked perfectly. The salad bar is well stocked and fresh. Topped off with make your own strawberry shortcake and it was well worth the trip.
Sucky drum roasted coffee (although they claim it is air-roasted).  \nThis place made a huge turn for the worse then they bought shitty ancora, and are apparently trying to emulate them now.
Greeted by Marty, service was fast and efficient, food was hot and exactly what I ordered. There was plenty on the plate to share with my son and left overs! Great joyous conversations taking place around us. Good family environment.
Had a great experience with this company. Have used them several times in the past and will continue to use and refer to them. Thanks for the help! Was able to wait while they worked on my vehicle!
This place used to be in our regular rotation with our visiting it weekly. Over the past year, service is sometimes spotty and we have been going less frequently. Food is usually pretty good although there is no excuse for well done burgers or cold fries.
Perfect bination of pasta and amazing Itlaian wines... best part the pasta its made in house, good polenta and outstanding service. salute ... I'm be back soon ....
Lots of plugs all around, free and fast wifi.\n\nMy only gripe is the lack of good food ANYWHERE.
NOM NOM NOM!!! yummaliscious!\n\nthey forgot the chicken on one of my salads, but thats okay. YUMMY
Get the chicken wings, and tell them that you want them \" Wet and Well\" that means crispy and saucy.... this place will do it for you, and say Hi to Priscilla, she's the cute one!
We have dined here numerous times and truly enjoy it. Upscale Mexican food at its finest. The Tacos al carbon is my first choice. The fresh guacomole made table side is very good.
Print staff especially Stevie, haven't seen her in a while though and Megan, and the skinny Asian guy (I think) have been AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME lately. Working their butts off. Even with broke machines and Mike screwing things up.  LOVE the printing department
I'm like this place because, we always seem to have Chinese here because the food is good! Servings size is nice and offer a nice variety of foods! Very nice staff but, they will need to get a bigger place and work on ambiance!
I was wonderfully surprised at this awesome little shop. This shop carried unique items and wicked awesome prices.
Have been now 3 times and enjoyed but now they are constantly RUNNING OUT of stuff so two stars is the best I can give. Not worth the price!!!
Pretty good food,  the selection was great the service was a bit slow and I had to seat my family my self but overall it was ok, all day every day 99 cent margaritas.
The bar reeks of smoke and the bar table feels sticky. You'll definitely feel like you're in the deepest hole in the way. The only good thing is that the drinks are cheap. But I really wouldn't recommend going there.
Food was different but good.  Had the pork tenderloin and queso potatoes which were great. Chopped salad was just ok, my wifes poblano pepper blah and her corn was good but a little heavy on the lime.  Overall good but can't see the value in the meal overall.
Coffee is fresh and very good. Get there early for good selection. I love there bangles!
Earl of Sandwiches, the greatest food for drunks, but not when one is sober! 4.5 stars is far too generous for this place. In closing it's just a sandwich joint with one type of bread.
Talk about bad Mexican food.  Stale grocery store taco shells, boiled shredded beef, and the blandest refried beans you've ever had.  The salsa is decent, but that's about it.  Won't be going back.
Great friendly staff....  minus the 1 star because I waited 1 hour after my appointment time.
Great little hidden treasure off the clutter of the Strip!!!!!
Great Gyoza!  Best in the valley...the lady in the front is very sweet..Love this place.
Awesome food...horrible service!!  Ordered chips and salsa which we didn't get and waited about 30 minutes to even get someone's attention so we could get our bill.
My husband and I both had to be seen for X-rays. They had to reshoot our X-rays twice. They seemed a bit unorganized with the films. The wait time wasn't bad though. Friendly crew.
I ordered the chicken teriyaki and it was really good. Plus they gave me way more chicken than I would have ever expected. Great little location and cool layout.
Great atmosphere and even better food!! They have a delicious brunch menu for Saturday's. My mouth is watering now thinking about it! \n\nMust try's: pumpkin beignets, watermelon water, salmon toast!
The hotel is clean and comfortable, but customer service was horrible.  It is also in a weird area. I would not stay at this hotel ever again.  We tried to cancel our reservation and switch hotels, but cancellation policy requires you to cancel days before check in.
Even with the remodel The Quad is still ghetto. Not only that, the table dealers don't know their math. Count your chips and winnings. They will jip you (intentional or not).
I had to take my car back in for service and Rob in the service department was the most pleasant and professional person to deal with. Anything to do with cars stress me out so to walk away feeling happy and taken care of is a very good thing.
The Smokehouse Turkey Panini was good, but my Tortellini Alfredo was far too salty.  The French onion soup was too sweet. Ten dollars for a small serving of pasta and half a sandwich seems rather expensive. I don't see what all the fuss is about.
It sucks.... I liked it better when drinks were dirt cheap and it was at the  imperial palace and it used to be good music and chicas bonitas
Friendly staff and they try to make your wait short and comfortable while you wait for your car to be serviced.......One thing that would make it a bit nicer would be to have to drivers since they are driving us all over town to get home.
Do not eat here!  \nService was good but the food is awful. \nRice was cold, dry and crunchy, tacos were made with ingredients not fit for a dog.
Favorite Ramen noodle place!! Real Japanese style and flavor. Expect a wait but it's worth it!!
We are new residents here in Mesa and several people recommended Serrano's.  We were glad we tried it.  This will be a go to place! The food was great and we loved the bean dip!
Best choice for downtown and a great place to stay. only there for a night and our first night off the strip. felt family friendly. we didn't gamble but felt welcome and easy access to downtown vegas stuff. good time had by our party range of 8 to 42 year olds..
Longest line for food I have ever seen. Took me 2 hours to get in. But th\u00e9 food totally deserve the wait! Everything is excellent!! The beef, shrimp and desert are the best! You have to try it if you are in vegas!
I bought a dining room set and was told by the sales associate my order would be in by the end of the month. So I called and was told it won't be in till the end of January. I called again to update my number and the associate was rude and no help at all. First and last purchase.
Fast friendly service
Unfortunately, there's no way to get to a lot of the smaller regional airports, without connecting here. The airport is easy to navigate, and not too large.
Not fit to print!\nRight winged fascist evangelical racist garbage.\nI pity Phoenix natives for their torments over their daily coffee.
This restaurant is okay. The food is good, but not fabulous. And it's very expensive for only a so-so dining experience. I went there once, that was enough.
Bad bar food, poor service and defiantly only for people who want to play beer games. I would have been ok with the \"bar\" atmosphere (since it is a Sports BAR) if the food wasn't gross and service wasn't bad. I wont ever go back.
Waiter was very nice - hence the 2 stars. The menu does not list all the main ingredients of your dish so beware. The music is so incredibly loud that you cannot carry a conversation without shouting. The food was only so so. The beer selection, while large, is disappointing. We would not go back.
Really great customer service. The person that helped me was incredibly efficient and polite! I will be recommending this company to my family and friends!!!!
Got seated, barely acknowledged by the waiter. Had to ask for a menu. Asked a question about the menu...got some vague response because he appeared to be too busy for us. Walked out. Wont return. I hate shitty service.\n\nbald. K*nt
This Dunkin Donut location is just plain unprofessional and the service is just horrible. No matter how precise i am about my order they always seem to get my order wrong. I love DD but this location is just careless on providing great service to the customers.
The spa and gym are great, this poor review is for the salon. The staff was rude and the pedicure was so not worth the $100+ they charge. Find a nail salon off the strip or get at home before you leave.
First time eating at Benihanas. The atmosphere is excellent (good for kids, romantic, fun). Chef was very entertaining and engaging. Food was first class and we will definitely eat here again. Thank you for a great experience.
Wow!! 20minutes till they close and the lady didn't even give me the chance to sit when she told me come back another day.. F.. Rude .. I actually wanted to give this place a chance but after today I will never step foot in this place.. Wish I could rate them less than a star
Great quality at good prices. I was the only and first one to use a coupon. Elyse was awesome!
Nothing special. I could possibly make this as well. Not bad, but not great. People should learn how to cook, then they will see it's nothing hard to make.
Ridiculously over priced wine and less then average steak.  I was very disappointed.\n\nI had been to quite a number of restaurants this week and it was the first one that demanded a credit card before being seated.
Doctors may be good... But the service is horrible. I've had to wait 30 minutes everytime... Regardless of having to make an appointment.... Poorly run doctor's office. Ive never had to deal with this kind of wait anywhere... Definately switching practices immediately...
I love greasy disgusting pizza so we eat Here once in awhile. The staff totally suck and now we just expect it and laugh. I think I saw a guy with a full beard and no covering in the kitchen. I checked for beard hair in my pizza and didn't see any.
High pressure salesmen.  Watch out for the financing department.  Bait and switch dealership. \n\nToby's numbers dont add up.\n\nHorrible service.\n\nAvoid.
Don't ever order the Supersonic breakfast burrito unless you like a mouthful of raw white onions first thing in the morning.  What place makes a breakfast burrito without at least heating the veggies?  Disgusting.  Wasted money since I had to throw the entire thing away.
Cool place. Best selection of beers on tap! Beautiful clientele. I just wish the skinny dude brooding behind the bar would smile. I don't like to be grimaced at when I am trying to chill with my $7 beer!
I was very happy this time when I went to Hana.  They have the wild salmon back, which is SO amazing!\nThe place is small and fills up fast on any given night.  I love that you can bring your own beer wine and saki.
Like anything else in life, you get what you pay for.  This gym is dirty. The equipment is old and often broken.  The bathrooms are disgusting. While helpful, the staff does little to ameliorate things. Their hands are tied. I'd quit tomorrow if I lived near a better gym.
Most authentic and delicious french menu in the West Coast. The crepes are phenomenal, the baguette is freshly made and tastes like it was baked in Paris not to mention their fresh juices! I definitely recommend this bistro to anyone that appreciates great tasting food.
This is a cute little place we had brunch at with our CM Rachel C and her friend the other weekend. I liked the fruit plate also. Service was a little off. The crepe with apricot jelly was very good I recall.
Fast friendly service, tasty pizza. The two slices + a small drink lunch deal is the best.
While this place has some interesting cool furnitures , the price is a rip off and very , very over priced for used furniture. You're better off going to cost plus and buy new world furnitures or swap meet or garage sales.
What a Dump compared to Walmart and Target. Their aisles and merchandise are unorganized and sloppy. I don't know how they stay in business.
Overpriced food and not even made very well.  Burger was overcooked, shake was devoid of ice cream, just meh.  However, I can say I received superb service from a server named Joe who was friendly and most helpful.  Unfortunately, other than sitting outside which I loved, everything else was just meh.
this place is hard to find, but when you get there it's worth it, had the link, brisket, rib combo, was great.
Sub par food. Service is ok, can find much better Mexican food in AZ.  Probably won't go back there for food....may be a good place to just grab drinks for happy hour, though it was kind of dead on a Thursday at happy hour time.  We'll see...but probably not.
Horrible customer service had a receipt and wanted to exchange something like I was told I could they told me they needed the complete original packaging which was a piece of cardboard way overpriced also
I love the karaoke on Tuesday nights. Great songs I can't find anywhere else with Amber and Kenny, Amy the bartender has awesome weekly specials and the crowd is much more hip and friendly than most other karaoke places. My boyfriend and I go weekly, and even though its not a gay bar we feel welcome and comfortable.
Good food at a good price and excellent service.  Just felt sorry the poor guy was holding down the whole place alone.  It reminds me a lot of restaurants in Asia and would highly recommend it.  Call in your order if you have issues with waiting.
When u have the munchies you'll eat pretty much anything right?! Well... This is what anything taste like. Dry patties, almost no condiments in burgers. I guess they can make ok hot dogs. I'll stick to that next time I'm up at 2am
Flour chips r delicious!! And the bartenders are hot too! :)
OMG. They have everything for everyone. The price tag is a bit steep but it is worth every penny. Mexican? Check. Chinese? Check. Continental? Check. Will you have a blowout while sitting and stuffing your face full of food? You betchya!
Swish is a great place to have good food and a little fun. I usually get Sukiyaki, but the Shabu Shabu is tasty too. Go check them out if you haven't already!
Honestly, it's a really nice place with nice decor.  I guess that's why people think that the food is good.  Actually, the food I was not impressed at all.  The rolls, the appetizers.  But hey, again, nice restaurant.
I like Costco.  It's fun to go to on a Saturday to walk around have some samples or a quick bite to eat. Beef hot dog or polish with a coke for 1.50 cheap. Pizza is not bad huge slices for 1.99.
Living in the bay area, we have a wax museum in SF and I think this one was way more realistic. You walk in and the wax models are all over, not behind rope and lined up like other wax museums. My father in law got a little crazy with Eva Longoria, all in all nice to see and some funny pictures!
Lousy customer service, they lost our reservation and refused to accommodate us. How disappointing considering the pedigree of the ownership.   This would have never happened at Le Filet or Chasse et Peche.
The room was great however they would not let us bring a $10,000 bike up to the room. They told up to lock it up in the bike rack in the garage. Every hotel we stayed in has let us store the bicycle in the room. Very disappointed. Otherwise great hotel. Location was perfect.
Ive never seen a Starbucks in a place that looks like a giant dining room in a house ... Def quaint and cozy, staff is very nice... And. I believe it's attached to a hotel...
Great soft opening meal. The tatter tots, beets and Amish chicken were particular stars.  Can't wait until the full open.
Stayed in the suite in the old power. \nOld equipment, old torn carpets. rooms were spacious but would not stay in CP again.
Overpriced. Greasy. Not good.  What wasn't greasy was too salty. My first and last experience with dim sum. I would have rather set my hard earned $$ on fire.
Just go walk down it. You'll see.
I'm sorry but I feel absolutely sick from the cigar smoke coming in the doors here from their patio, headache too!\n\nI must say I'm very impressed with how John the proprietor and owner responded to my comment in such a positive way! Worth another try.... Thanks!
Unless you are going to save a lot of money don't come here. You have to wait in line for 30 mins. Then they gave poor service.
Poorly organized Walmart. Borderline Ghetto. The layout is horrible. The only reason I go there is because it's close to home.
Tricky to find, but well worth it. A good slice of New York style pizza, thin crust and greasy as all hell.\n\nIt's in the east tower, third floor, near a pool table. Look for people coming out if a little hallway with pizza in their hands.
Greatly favored chicken, healthy portion size just wish the pricing was more economical.
I was looking for another awesome breakfast restaurant apart from T.C. Eggingtons and found the Daily Dose.  I have been here a handful of times and loved everything I have got! Great place for mimosas and breakfast food!
Prices are great. Pizza is one of the best I have had in Arizona. Garlic knots are also top notch. Wings are average, hots are not even hot. Had issues with delivery services.
I visited here for a business seminar, the seminar was a good time but the venue is as bland as you can get. Not really anything unpleasant but the decor and ambiance is just blah...I tried the restaurant for lunch and got the same blah blah experience.
This restaurant is the worst !Be cautious !Food is bad \uff01They add 15%tips on your credit card for two of us at lunch time!If food and service are good ,we dont mind!but they deserved no tips!dont go there!
I liked this place a lot and would probably go here again next time I'm in Vegas.  They have a nice bar/lounge to hang out in if you have to wait for a table.  Very good food and very professional staff.  The presentation when you order an expensive bottle of wine is pretty amazing.  Not quite 5 stars though.
I've always dug this joint.  It's way better now that they expanded the bar.  I used to kick it here when I was single.  The food is dang good, not BLADOW!!, but dang good.  Good personalities working there.  All around cool neighborhood joint.
I go every time I'm in Vegas. Usually three times a year. This place is the best steak house anywhere, hands down. The bone in ribeye is perfected. BBQ shrimp app and banana cream pie to top it all off! Don't miss this gem!
This place is THE BOMB!!!!  A MUST, WHEN IN VEGAS. ADOBADA AND LENGUA ARE MY FAVS. The asada is nothing special.
Love this place, I always get the Frank Lloyd Bite, which is a nice breakfast combo.  Their vegan desserts are so good, love the sweet and savory mix of their berry pies with rosemary crumble.  My only complaint is that they are not closer to our house!
Probably the dirtiest restaurant that is really a bar I have ever seen. It would be like opening up a restaurant in the men's bathroom of Charlotte Motor Speed way during race week. The whole place is dirty (even your feet stick to the floor) in no way would I ever eat here.
Very disappointed with this buffet.\nVery limited choices and the dessert does not taste as good as it looks.\nWill definitely not recommend anyone to go here for buffet.
A must for us when we visit Scottsdale.  Whole family finds what they like and the burgers are fantastic. Very well priced and easy to bring the family, have some wings, burgers a few beers and not break the piggy bank.
I can't complain about the service, but the food always makes my stomach sick. \n\nBathrooms are always dirty. Last time i was there, I left the place \"running\".
Yummy food and a friendly staff. I had the BBQ chicken with white meat and it was a huge dish. The BBQ sauce is very unique. I would definitely go back. There are other dishes I am curious about and I would love to try the peach cobbler.
Got the Brewlee burger. Got it cooked medium rare just as I asked, and it was really good. We also split wings and pretzel apps that were very good. I'll definitely be back to try some of the other cool menu items they had!
Best sandwich I've ever had was thier Wild turkey sandwich, the delicious bread really brings out the yumminess of the turkey,  and exceptional service in the bar from an amazing waitress named Alicia,  she is so sweet and courteous.  Great place to grab a quick bite to eat if heading up north or headed south  to phx :)
First time here. It's was great the spicy garlic noodles were amazing! Will for sure be back soon!
Been wanting to try for a while. Stopped in for lunch. Got an Arizona burrito. Took 10 minutes to make. Home made tortilla. Small and bland. Not worth going there again.
Wow super fast service with a smile! We had 8 in our group! My family wants one of these in Minnesota
The food was amazing and our server, Yuhee was simply amazing!!!! Fresh men roll was to die for and the sashimi salad was incredible. My new favorite sushi restaurant.
I have now used Ultimate Lawn Maintenance for over a year now, and it is refreshing to have such great communication not only for maintenance, but also for landscape design.  Ultimate Lawn Maintenance's rates are reasonable and I continue to receive exemplary service and never have to worry about my lawn or landscaping being anything but perfect.
Lots of fellow ASU fans in the house and some delightful chicken wraps.. awesome place to meet up w/ friends..
I have been going to Studio 924 for every month for about a year now and I can't imagine being without it. Katy V is an AMAZING stylist and she seems like the only one who can handle my thick unruly hair. Plenty of of excellent product as well!
Best Thai in town. I've been eating here since 1994 or so.
The food was great. The service was terrible.  Waited 30 minutes for our reservation. Finally had to ask then waited 10 minutes to pay the bill finally went up to the front and paid the bill. It is really noisy   If you are looking for quiet and nice look elsewhere
Great food, great service. And they were happy to accommodate to gluten free or other allergy needs.\nVery good fruit ice tea.
Food was alright and not too expensive, but nothing to remember.  The place was very busy when I went and the wait times were shorter then expected so that was a plus.  It's nothing to go too far out of your way for but if you need a quick bite and are on State Street this is a fast alternative to all the sub shops.
This is a beautiful complex! Office manager and staff are great and respond to issues and questions quickly and accordingly. We have an apartment overlooking the pool, and yes the pool looks just like the pictures online.
This place is phenomenal, highly recommend the banana peppers for appetizer and the daily specials are always a must!
This place is great. Mark was very helpful in explaining what I needed and what was wrong with my tire in detail. The prices were very competitive, I when looked up tire prices on Amazon, and this place was still competitive. Great place, I'd definitely come back.
Even though I am not a big mall shopper, I love the Casbah motif, the mosaic tiles, the water fountains,  with the belly dancers, the mosques and waiting for Princess Jasmine at any minute.  A wide variety of shops that you would find at any mall.
Sam, Sven, and all the vendors here make the market special.
I dropped into this gym while traveling for work. The staff was amazingly inviting and friendly.  The facilities were spacious and new.  The workout was rewardingly tough.  I can't say enough good things about this gym.  If you are contemplating joining a cross-fit gym, I highly recommend.
Good food, reasonably-priced drinks, happy hour all day long at the bar.
Yum candied bacon! Great service. Emeril does it again!
Ordered a Focaccia sandwich.  They said it was \"different\".  Yes, it was different.  Nothing like focaccia bread.  More like a burrito or wrap.  Not good.  Sweet potato chips were bland.  Beer was cold.  Would try somewhere else next time.
I go there all the time for honest quotes and repairs. He does an amazing job and its fairly quick! Also, he has a free shuttle so he took me back home until my car was finished with a car wash! Highly recommended and would return there!
Food is okay. Was sandbagged with a $27 bill for a steak and fries bowl, and sandwich. Careful when ordering!!!!
Love the Kahlua Pig and Loco Moco. They have the best Hawaiian food around.  Haven't been to many better places on the mainland. I always make sure to stop by Aloha Specialties when i'm in vegas.
This place really needs to have more air flow for the summer. It is crazy that it is so open and there is no air flow. It was easy to see the bands from the seating area but everything was really jammed in there.
Those guys were super friendly and the shaved snow was AMAZING!!!! Never even heard of that and I just can't wait to come back for more of the Mango with fresh mangos. YUM!!!! So recommend it!!!
They now have smaller lunch-sized portions (which are still enough for two and average 1300 calories). But it's still a smaller portion and a smaller price on top of that. \nService is always excellent - staff bends over backward for you. How nice is that at a chain shop??
I'm very surprised. The food here is quite decent. Small typical Vietnamese restaurant family owned. Not too far from the strip. It sucks that they closed at 9pm.
Slightly better than dominos/pizza hut/little Caesars but the price doesn't pay for quality and amount of pizza. Save your money instead for another pizza place. Seriously 20 bucks for a medium sized pizza?
What's the point of the Red Robin cards if when you walk in the waiters get to decide that they're \"expired\"? Note: there isn't an expiration date anywhere on the cards. We refused service and left. It was a gift card from my mom by the way.
I have eaten at this dive\n\nCan't beat the NFl specials 1/2 price Pizza's and wings during all Sunday and Monday NFL games.  Draft Beer $2.75-$3.25 Ice cold and delicious.
I ate every grain of the rice.  The meat was perfectly seasoned and cooked.  Easy to find/park.
This shop has great reviews for a reason. They're very friendly to their customers and the Nutella Latte tastes amazing. I would definitely chose this shop over Starbucks.
Service is decent, food is just okay, and location is a little hard to find if you don't know what you're looking for. It's a crazy fun place during happy hour - voted one of the best in Phoenix.
Very friendly and helpful.
Great place for drinks or to socialize.  Lots of seating around the bar plus tables and booths.  Always a busy joint and they have tons of tvs playing sports to make things better the bar food is cheap and tasty.  If i could id give this place 4.5 stars
I have had the cupcakes and cookies numerous times. They are below average and taste like box cupcakes and the cookies are not memorable.
Staff were very knowledgable and passionate about whisky and the industry. The tasting room is a bit cramped but the business has a great system in place to keep people moving throughout the tour. Being new to understanding the history of whisky, this place was definitely a great place to learn the basics from.
Fun. Amazing Breakfast. Perfect for families.  We love this place and hope it stays open!  If you are in the mood for something different and some home town style cooking ... then this is the place.\n\nThe service has always been good, and they are very friendly.
The staff has changed and so has the food. Not sure if it's the same cook. The food was not as good as before.
Awesome place, great food and amazing service. Live music is a plus and the people around are great.\nI recommend for everybody like that is visiting and want to discovery great places outside the Las Vegas Strip.
Went to dinner here tonight and got the carnitas plate and the super nachos and both items were delicious! Loved that the restaurant is close to our house, clean inside, and had a nice employee working, definitely going back!
Went there with another couple and was quite frankly embarrassed by how bad this place is. Lousy food and service. They brought out bread with no plates. They served me terrible tomato soup and forgot to bring a spoon. \nNice location, stylish bar. Just don't go there for the food.
HATE  Nothing.\n\nDISLIKE  Kitchen closed before last call.\n\nLIKE  Friendly staff. Open late. Menu is organized into helpful sections. Location is close to home. Selection of rolls.\n\nLOVE  Nothing.
All I had here was the bruschetta- take out. All the kinds we tried were very tasty.
I'm a little ashamed we ate here... Not terrible, not great. Like a chain steakhouse restaurant. Uninspired menu. Nothing to write home about.
Went back to Scramble for Mother's Day. Cameron kept his word and comped two breakfasts for me and my mom on Mother's Day. Food was much better this time. Service excellent.
These movers showed up on time and moved our stuff carefully and efficiently at a reasonable price navigating very tight quarters without any damage to our walls, floors, or railings. We will hire them again when we need our things moved.
My family loved their dinner but unfortunately the restaurant was unwilling to accommodate my request for a vegetarian entree. When our server checked with the kitchen, she reported that everything was already portioned out and they couldn't make me a plate of polenta & roasted vegetables. Weak.
Great bruscetta salty carmel sundae, and of course wine.  Service can be a little slow from time to time but not a big deal.  Love the sparkling sav blanc on a hot day.  Cool atmosphere as well.
The best movie experience!  Clean comfortable, and affordable.  Worth the extra drive to enjoy a movie in a comfortable recliner,  for the same price s a regular theater.  The staff is very friendly and pleasant to talk with.
your spa and salon looking stops here! I was very impressed with the wonderful massage that Janelle performed and how professional Anne, nail tech was! this was by far the best experience i have ever had at a spa! i will be definitely returning! highly recommend!
I am only reviewing the sushi. We waited more than thirty minutes for food. They were somewhat busy however we were hardly acknowledged. The rice on the sushi was too sticky and the rolls were warm. It was a bit humid from the Korean BBQ grills. I won't be back.
Food is definitely authentic & very good. Salsa was too watery for my liking & not very zingy. Burritos were HUGE!!!
I have fair skin so Ive never really done any type of tanning. I got a Solar Glo airbrush tan for a Vegas trip and the color came out perfect! I was getting compliments all weekend on my nice golden summer tan. I will definately be back!
Partying all night in Vegas would not be complete without a night at Drais! Hot hot crowd. Coool people. Easy to get in. Not easy to leave.
Untrained!!!! Ive got abrasions & a swollen  eye 2 days later. Im not looking  forward to healing this disaster & growing  back my now too thin eyebrows.
Food was ok, Would of had a better experience if the big black roach wasnt making his way up the wall behind my sister. When we told the waitress about the roach she went and killed it with a napkin and then asked us....that didnt ruin anything for you guys did it???
I've been a member with ME for over a year now and have enjoyed this location out of all the ones I've visited.\nUsually they can accommodate same day appointments but in the weekend they can book up really fast. I've never had a bad massage and I experienced several different therapists.
CPK in Vegas is the same in LA. The servers were very attentive and we never had an empty water glass. :D ENJOY!
The French toast is just chewy enough. The fresh blueberries on too of it is a really nice touch. The best thing about brunch is the herb roasted potatoes. Get that with everything. Also if you are really hungry, or just want to eat a lot of food, get the ham and cheese croissant.
One of my favorite and must visit cafe when I come here.  Their coffee are always made perfectly.   I absolutely love this little cafe.  It can get very crowded.   But also worth coming here for a take away.
Overall food and service is great. One problem. Way TOO MANY flies. It's not fun eating while you have to worry about flies getting into your food. Please fix this
My first ever negative review on Yelp.  This place is TERRIBLE\n\nI don't even want to start my rant on the service and extremely LOW QUALITY of food.  Do yourself a favor and never walk into this establishment
I love this place, It is not much to look at, but the staff does try to make it feel good and the personal touches are so sweet.\nI can't wait to work my way through the menu, it feels like a family joint.\nReally nice wait staff, and fast takeout!
1st and only time here.   Ordered House Chicken lunch special.  Egg drop soup that came with it was way too thick.  House fried rice that also came with it was too bland.  Chicken wasn't too bad.  Not impressed enough to go back.
Dark, with low ceilings, the D Casino is an OK place.  We came here to play the quarter horse racing game on the second floor.  It's cheap and fun.  Other than that it is similar to most casinos downtown.
December 23rd and one register open with a line wrapping around the store. But there are employees just wandering around the store.\n\nWhen we finally got to the register, my husband caught them over charging us.
Great place!  Clean and affordable! Tina was so nice!  The spray tan looks great!
People say Wingstop is so great, but I went to this one, and I'd have to say I don't get it.  Neat decor with the oldschool flight theme, and cozier less terribly noisy environment than BWW.  Wings were large and meaty.  But sauces just weren't very interesting.
I came here last night with a friend, and the service was awesome.. Our bartenders were so friendly! No waiting for a drink, even though it was quite crowded, and the drinks were strong ( Plus Plus!) and well worth the money.... I will be returning most definitely! Thanks for a great time!
My go to for weekend dinners. It's quick when you call in, and the food is great for a take out place. I've never been to the restaurant side but it always seems to have a decent amount of people in it
Great food, good service.  Probably the best Outback in Las Vegas for service and food quality.  Good place for families.  Definitely use call ahead seating during the busy times.
Tiny airport that is all about security. They will pat you down, take out your liquids, and pull your hair because they are so bored. One good thing is you can buy cheese and cheese curds at the airport!
Not as massive as Sam's Club or Costco, but they doo have comparable prices, a great selection and no membership required. The store is well organized and there has never been a back up at the register. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Fast, consistent, Sonora style Mexican food.  Been here a handful of times, always am impressed with the fresh flavors, and friendly staff.  Mind you this is not an eatery per se.  This is a Mexican market that has bomber kitchen in the back.
Outstanding food!!! Being from NY I know good Italian food and this place is it. I've heard they have a place in Scottsdale also, but I have not been there.
Only one trip here. The staff was entertaining more than helpful. We enjoyed them arguing about relationships, whose job is what, our waiter telling the manager to go eff himself right in front of us. Good was fine. That I can honestly say is decent.
Brunch was decent but not exciting. Shame about the pitiful service and the 35-minute wait especially when the place was less than full.
We come here once a month or so and are never disappointed. Service is good and employees are friendly. Ordered the shrimp quesadilla for an appetizer and it was delicious. Cobb salad for dinner. Another delicious meal!
Too crowded and full of fraternity trash now.\n\nBeer pong?  I'm getting too old for this shit.
Good beer, great burger, nice ambiance, service was special.
I went to the Oakley store to try on some sunglasses. I wasn't planning to buy anything from there as I am able to order them for cheaper elsewhere. The saleslady was very patient and let me browse around without being a pushy salesperson.
Go for the Happy Hour!  $2.00 tap beer and free food.  I'm between successes (i.e., unemployed) and a new fan!
Poor service (had to request refill on chips from multiple employees). Food is mediocre and overpriced. The kicker for our experience was the giant foot-long hair in our $65 margarita pitcher.
I can't express enough how much I love my nails! It has taken me 5 different salons to find someone that does an excellent job and for a great price! I left with a grin because 1. My nails are even and 2. They weren't bumpy! I will be back!
Awesome Cafe / Bakery /  Pizzeria, Owners are great!
Like the other guys here, I got also a bad experience with one of the crew here. But fortunately he apologized, so at least I can give them 2 stars.
Spinach dip is amazing. The rest of the menu is on par with olive garden... Its affordable and the place is good for a nice dinner. I wouldn't choose it for an anniversary or special occasion... But date night would be totally fine!
I just called  our delivery order in after ringing MANY local establishments that do not deliver. Their customer service is friendly and quick
We won't be back. Sat on outside patio & were then soaked by the musters. When we told the waiter we were getting drenched, we had NO response. 20 minutes later, as we were finishing up, the wait staff comes by to say someone complained  about the misters & they were turning them off. Really?
Pretty neat place! I volunteered here on 7/3/14 and packed nutrients for starving children. My group and I packed 21 boxes of 38 bags each. This company is organized and they tell you everything you need to do. They play music while you work and it's a really fun experience. I can't wait to volunteer here again!
I enjoy the bakery.  The cookies are great pizza is some of best on Eastern and The meatballs and homemade sausages are very flavorful.
The one and only (well, not anymore). This is the famous Bianco location. Eating here got a lot easier once the other locations opened and this location started opening for lunch. Best pizza ever. No question.
Pizza here is actually really good. The crust is nice and crisp, just like i like it. Refills are not free (soda) and their other menu items are not impressive. Get the pizza!
Stayed there with my parents in June. Clean and spacious rooms with a new/modern feel. Breakfast good.
I have always had good food and service here. I have been coming to this Manuel's for as long as I can remember. I love it!
For a buffet it is great. Pricing wasn't horrible, selection was better than average, cashiers, hostesses and waitstaff were pleasant and attentive.
I'm going to keep it simple! 2 MEDIUM pizzas (Vortex and Hawaiian) = $45 freakin ridiculous! The pizza was good! I'll go back when I win the lottery!
Best store ever!  Service is wonderful.  Staff was so helpful  I would highly recommend Sole Sports to anyone.  Excellent!!  Awesome!!
Great place! My spray tans have always turned out even and the color is natural looking.
Amazing! I was on a tight budget to move and nervous about hiring movers. In so glad I called Brandon! So fast, nice, and efficient.
The show is funny and entertaining.   However it is so obvious that they are all actors. Anyone who volunteers end up getting sent off stage because they \"can't be hypnotized\" and the others who appear to be from the audience are clearly actors. Still funny though!
Nice to walk around in the summer time but it's a real bummer in cold & rainy weather. Has a shop for everyone. The theater is beautiful and has special deals from time to time. Great places to eat whether you're in the mood for a quick bite or a sit down meal, classy or casual.
My favorite pizza place.  The pizza is amazing, wings are too.  Definitely where I go when I am in downtown Glendale.
Great experience from CarMax Las Vegas. Customer service fantastic!
I went in 04/04/14 \nI love this place.\nWill be coming back. \nI salon hop a lot but I really found the best place for me.
Moon is a sexy, sultry penthouse nightclub with one of the most spectacular architectural features in Las Vegas - a massive, retractable roof that opens up to provide a mind-blowing view of the stars above. Located at the top of the Palms Fantasy Tower, Moon's dramatic, surreal environment is truly out of this world.
Worst place ever the casino smells they hav\n\ne a ridiculous parking garage with 20 minute wait just to exit really awful place don't care about customers just making money employees clearly not happy
You have to check it out!! Delicious!  If you have ever been out ti Lake Las Vegas (Sonrisa) this is the sister location.  Taco Tuesday, all you can eat and delicious!  House margarita is awesome!   Bartender is the best guy you will meet.....come on down!
Fair pizza. Good crust but they did not put much toppings on. Asked for green peppers and had three small pieces on a monster slice.
Not good!  I used to eat here regularly but haven't been to Malees in a couple years.  It has REALLY gone downhill.  Bad food, terrible service and an overall disappointment.  :(. Not going back!
Always great service.  I never feel like they are trying to take advantage of me.
The Pancakes are to die for!!!!!........ Nick (the owner) is a warm host. So glad I found this place for BF when in Vegas........
Just a great experience all around.  I had the sage chicken and waffles.  It was divine.
3x3 animal style protein style hold the mustard. After two visits, I have my order down.\n\nMilkshake is good, but not great.\nIced tea is excellent\nBurger is very good\nAtmosphere and service is excellent\n\nbut I prefer 5 Guys
You CAN look good and sweat at the same time.  I love Lululemon gear and it stands up to my most difficult workout.  The staff here is incredible and will spend as much time as you need finding sizes and helping with fit.
Great fresh food. In the evenings it turns into more of a waiter serviced style restaurant. In the afternoons you order at the register.
Food was good. Service was very good. Great bartenders. Lively ambience but very bright. Great for business dinners or informal get togethers.
This Walmart was just like any other walmart, except, the employees were extremely rude and not helpful at all. I will no longer be going to this walmart, I will drive the extra miles to another walmart for the smiles and friendly help!!!
Solid family-friendly Chinese restaurant with friendly staff and good food. It is quite spacious and usually there is no wait (except on holidays). Would definitely recommend to try if you're in the neighborhood for Chinese food.
Great happy hour like all PT's. I prefer this location for convenience, their patio and music selections. The staff is as freindly as they can be in a volume place like that but are attentive enough to know they are trying.
Best pizza I've had since I was last in NYC. The management change hasn't affected the food at all. It's still awesome! The staff is always very friendly and place is clean. I've never had anything bad to say about it.
This place is DEAD. New owners who hate punks, gays and weirdos. They are trying to turn it into a south side frat bar. Nothing but dinguses working and hanging out here now. Avoid at all costs. You guys ruined a great spot.
The first time I had Thanksgiving lunch here with family and it was very good! They had a great variety of food, including salad bar, desserts, and a grill and a mixture of American, Asian, and Mexican dishes. One of my favorite desserts was mixing the orange sherbet with vanilla ice cream.
This place is awesome!!! We did the trap room and had a blast. It was the right combination of interactive fun and brain teasing puzzles. The staff was extremely personable and very enthusiastic about their product. Next time I'm in vegas I will definitely try out another room.
Drive thru SUCKS here!!!! This is the 3rd time they messed up my order and there sooooo freakin slow! They have no since of urgency.
Had the King crab legs--hard to give it anything but 5 stars, but it was pricey.  It's a great restaurant, but in a town of great restaurants, it's 4 stars.
So freaking good. Sangria amazing! Escargots delicious, onion soup amazing, scallops I could eat all day! Fresh bread at the table still warm!!! I love this place!
Best place for lounge electronic music, and best place for a martini in the city.  Ova - the bartender - does not disappoint, the people are always friendly, and it's always busy, but rarely packed.
I like this place, if I don't buy a few clothing items I get at least a few little accessories. They have a very original selection of goodies (and they have really cute pillows that I never bought because they are kind of overpriced) Anyways, just give it a chance the saleswoman is always very friendly and nice.
Definitely worth a stop for the ice cream. It is probably made either in-house or specifically for them. There is also a singing fortune teller machine on the porch, which is fun.
No great shakes. Expensive for Thai food (even if average for this area) and uninspiring cuisine for the most part.
ditch fridays is WACK, its an all ages pool and if your over 21 they just give you a wrist band which means you'll be partying with kids and mostly creepy old wrinkled men. sick.
Solid diner food.   All of the dishes I have had, breakfast (ham and eggs) and lunch (club sandwich), have been good.   What I really love about this place is the shrimp coctail and the pies, muffins, and cinnamon rolls.   The blueberry and banana nut muffuns are fantastic.
Fantastic restaurant. We had one addition last minute and it was not a problem to have them add a seat! The food is wonderful. The decor fabulous. Go at sundown so you can experience the lighting and views in all their glory. I definitely will go back again. Spectacular evening.
Food was Good, customer service is OK.. it's a nice break from the buffets on the strip, and a heck of a lot cheaper too!
dissatisfied with the service! unfortunately it is a hassle to get a hold of David and ask some questions about your taxes. Plus, I don't think he has fair enough knowledge about taxes.
This place is dirty. There are roaches in the dining and restroom areas. They refused to refund my order. The people who work there are rude and useless. \n\nThere is no reason to waste your time or money on eating here.
smoky.  yinzer-y. loud.  smoky . urban music laptop-d.j. saturday night(too loud) (and repeat.)
Fast and friendly service!  Don't even hesitate when deciding who to call to get your carpets cleaned!  Rick and his crew are the absolute best!!! Very reasonably priced and excellent results!
Disappointing. They spend all their money on the major travelling exhibits (Body Worlds, Narnia), so the rest of the exhibits look a little old and uninspired.
walked the entire strip, 2.7 miles and come here for a 6am breakfast, the service is horrible. and their ketchup has gone bad!!!!! dont come here!
The beach club is tiny, no splashing rule, cant bring drinks into the pool. The dance floor is small too. The security is always blowing their whistle. It is pretty much a smaller version of EBC. We came to get ugly bc we were all born to rage but felt restricted.
Bad experience during my last visit. Found few strands of hair in chicken curry, posted picture. Naan bread was really flat and dry. Not much chicken in curry . Lot of variety and some other food was good. Expensive compared to other buffets. Not sure if I will come back
I go here quite often and it's always been a good experience, regardless of whether I go inside or hit the drive-thru. The employees are so friendly and helpful. I have yet to have a poorly made item.
Very wheelchair friendly.  A really incredible place all year.  I adore the train set up especially.
Fake Americanized Vietnamese food.  Small portions and more like Chinese food than Vietnamese food.  Will never eat here again. It's nasty or gross.
Just love this place. Convenient, great yogurt/ice cream, & awesome choices for my kids!
This place is an average made-for-Americans Chinese place. Not particularly friendly people. The beef curry was barely ok.  The sauce was sort of thickened and glossy. The chow fun noodles were the best thing, wide noodles with beef. The egg rolls were average. I would try a different Chinese place....
They have anti-splash pads on their peeing bowls.....\n\nThank you steve wynn.
Food was decent, but the simple things like eggs and potatoes came to the table lukewarm. Was already waiting a little bit so didn't send it back. My son loved his French toast sticks. Might give a second chance, but other places have always produced good food consistently so will likely continue going to those.
The PF Changs of Thai food. There is nothing more to say. \n\nAlso, it boasts the greasiest pad thai in all the land.
Yelped it because my boyfriend and I were nearby and were craving gyros. Our verdict: Everything about this place is amazing! Super friendly service, really good salad, AMAZING Mac & Cheese Bites, and of course the famous gyros were good too! Highly recommended! :)
Only reviewing happy hour....\n\nVery tasty appetizers, good portions. French Onion soup is chronic. Nice TV's and a sportsbook close by for betting. Service is great. Ambiance is very modern and fits the rest of the M.
It was ok, at Seoul Chako the meat is fresher. \nThe pancake and bibimbap is better at Lee Bong Nim.
Came here with a large group.  Everybody LOVED their burgers.  Many of us ordered the alcohol shakes.  The shakes were delicious but too rich for one person.  I recommend splitting a shake with someone.  \nThe service was great too.
Marci does my eyebrows.  Been there 2x already and my brows didn't need trimming until 3wks unlike other places that u have to go back after a week. Its not that painful too
Yes the slice is big and yes it's a good value. But the pizza is average. We had the big meat and the spinach/artichoke pie. If you're on that end of the strip, worth a try.
Have never had a bad coffee from this place and the people are friendly! I love this place!
Went here twice for breakfast -- huge variety and quite tasty!  Almost all buffets I've been to have bland and boring food since they have to mass produce the dishes.  This one was delicious!  Highly recommend!
Came for the first time tonight. Ordered the Jambalaya and the Gumbo. Both were really good with the Gumbo bring the favorite of the two. For dessert we had the beignets, 3 tasty treats for $4!!  I highly recommend it!!
Absolutely PHENOMINAL! We celebrated our Anniversary there last night before seeing the Beatles LOVE. Beginning to end was fabulous. The service was OUTSTANDING and our Captain was maybe the best I have ever seen. When we return to Vegas....the Eiffel Tower we will definitely dine at again
Passed by the place dozens of times and always thought it was out of business.  Tried it tonight and its really good.  Tried the plain cheese pizza and was impressed, good pizza and good value as well.
Love this bar and restaurant! The staff and owner are amazing. Always go on Wednesday! I hope this place continues to be an option for professionals in the Las Vegas valley.
Drive thru and fast turnaround are nice but not for the rip-off price of almost $8 per garment. Especially since they don't replace buttons they cracked!
I don't golf.  But I live here.
like the Tofu soup and Kimchi fried rice Here! l
This place only gets better - nice to have all the extra room since they expanded and it still maintains that funky urban vibe with interesting furniture - we sat on cardboard chairs - and the best Cappucinos in the Valley!
Tried Cask 63 for a friends birthday dinner and ended up sitting at the bar for happy hour.  Talk about some great specials!  1/2 off bar apps and generous portion size!  Everything was very flavorful, the place had a great upscale atmosphere, and I can't wait to get a chance to go back and explore their full menu.
This salon is filthy. When I was sitting in the pedicure chair I had the pleasure of looking at the nail clippings that had been left behind. At the manicure table there were nail clippings laying around too. I will never go back-it was very dirty.
Not very organized. I'm glad I arrived 2 hours early because you know what might happen. It's a small airport but gets the job done. We don't need a palace of an airport just to catch a plane. LOL
For the price, I would expect much more. The food was not very good. Do yourself a favor and go to Olives at the Bellagio instead.
There is really NO better way to watch movies! The staff are phenomenal, the food is the BEST and you can even have wine straight from an amazing vending machine. This places is so high tech and luxurious it makes the Jettson jealous! \n\nTake your moving going to the next level and get your tickets NOW!
Gathered here with a group of old  friends. Especially outstanding were the Spanish Mackerel and a sort of white tuna served with a jalape\u00f1o. Fantastic food & service. I'd come back anytime I'm in Phoenix.
Steak & Fries dish was Fantastic!!! Cheese plate not so much, but that may be personal preference, the display was pretty.  Great happy hour, $6 mini pitchers & pretzels with jalepeno cheese sauce, wow! Will definitely go again!
The food was fantastic! I highly recommend  the lettuce wraps.
Always consistent and great quality tonkatsu!\nMy kids love going there and eat. \n\nHire katsu is always tender and fresh. Portions are generous also. Place is kept clean and staff members are very friendly.
Very good food.  Had the zinger melt and Cobb Salad.  Service was a bit slow because the wait staff did not see us seated.  However, manager apologized and our meal came out promptly.  Very fresh and good.  Reasonable..
This review is for Payards macarons. They have lots of taste and a great flavor. Nicely made but i prefer Bouchons for the subtleness and size.
This is a swanky place-very unique. Be sure to have the fire breathing dragon-you'll pay for it (literally and figuratively  ;-)
This is my favorite gyro shop. \n\nTheir lamb and beef gyros are very fresh and flavorful. You can also order souvlaki, hummus and your other favorite Mediterranean foods.
My be got food here once and all of it was just thrown together and cold . I thought I'd play it safe and get a frosty today since my one surgery can't eat fast food . So there was something in my frosty I almost puked and had to throw it away . Don't go to this location
The staff is friendly and the facilities are clean and bright. My son LOVES the Itty Bitty Sports class. Don't know what we'd do without this great facility!
today I went there for dinner.\nboy, the quality drop significantly. the fish was bad. the rice was bad. after all this time, :( I guess its time to start looking for new sushi place.
We were exploring the city and decided to stop in...we opted for the roof top seating and loved it.  Food, service and drinks were all GREAT!!!  The roof top seating was fun!!!  It was a great time!
Excellent! This is one of the best places to eat in the Champaign-Urbana area. The food is delicious, the presentation is beautiful, and the menu is creative. All of this and the prices are very reasonable.
What can I say it's The House of Blues, if you've seen one you've seen them all. mostly standing room unless you pay for bottle service or the balcony is open. Good sound I have no complaints.
dont take the drive thru!!!! 15-20min wait with literally no line inside or outside for two ppls orders  burgers are decent
Worst pasta ive ever experienced in my life. 20+ bucks and it was dried up pasta with tomato sauce. Garlic bread was decent so i gave it 2 stars.
Sushi was good, but dessert with Vietnamese coffee and caramel made the meal. Our waiter was great.
Surprisingly good Asian food in southern Phoenix!  Nice patio, friendly, quick service and reasonably priced food...especially during happy hour.
superbe terrasse au bord du jardin des fontaines.;tr\u00e9s romantique..;bonne cuisine un peu spicy
I have been here multiple times, before I started using yelp even. The bartenders are always polite and will find some way to get you talking or laughing. Its a great place to go relax after work and just sit and drink with some buddies.
This place is amazing. I come here almost every weekend for their basil fried rice. So delicious!
Ich war dort nur ein mal da ich beim Einkauf das Gef\u00fchl hatte nicht Willkommen zusein. Der Service war einfach nur Super unfreundlich
Awesome food. They exceeded my expectations. Lisa was an exceptional server with a positive attitude. My coffee and water never saw the bottom of my cup. I'll be returning.
Skip the dining room and eat at the bar. Robert was our bartender and he did a great job. He's very knowledgeable about the tequila. We did a full on tequila tasting and got a little lesson in each brand. His service was top notch. The food was good, but I think the tequila was my favorite part.
Awesome Pizza! The place gets packed, this is good and bad! Long lines but exciting atmosphere, and if its busy means you're getting fresher Pizza, so if you are hitting up clubs in Scottsdale definitely a must try at least once!
If you hate flavor, come here! Chicken unseasoned, and overcooked till good and dry... generally flavorless food. Mexican food without cheese, pay $1 extra for that.. pass next time. Manager was friendly at least... only reason for the second star...
Slow, Slow, Slow. This place doesn't depend on repeat customers so their service sucks!!  Rude with a \"I don't give a crap\" attitude. Not many choices so they exploit the \"captive audience\" with way over priced food for the quality served.
You have to take a pic with this sign some time!\n\nThere's a photographer who comes here a few times a week and helps people take pictures. He doesn't actually have a job there but it's nice if you tip him because he takes awesome pictures!!
Better  than lotus of siam or that dump Thai barbecue! Staff is friendly  and will take care of you. The  presentation is excellent and the food is superb.
The staff seemed to be very unpleasant and visually upset about having to make my order. The dining area was not well kept either. But the quality and freshness of the dairy products is definitely worth coming back for.
I'm not vegan, or even vegetarian, but this place is delicious. I've been here a few times and got a couple different sandwiches and one of their bowls and everything I've had was really good. I'll take their Big WAC over a Big Mac any day.
Went to check the restaurant out (had a Groupon), location appears to be closed - no sign in window and not cleaned out but not a soul in sight at 5pm on a Tuesday.
Went to this place after a round of golf.  First time in Scottsdale area and glad I stopped by.  Good beer and fine waitresses yet the food wasn't the best.  Good place to catch the games at but wouldn't eat there
We ate lunch here during our stay at the Aria for New Years. We love Javier's in Newport but were disappointed with this one. Shrimp tacos were pretty bland. I had the seafood quesadilla, which was good - just not up to par with Javier's in Newport.
Los Reyes has seemingly gained its reputation for good reason. I had the King Steak tacos and they were awesome and their rice may be the very best I've had in the valley. I've still only had one opportunity eat here but I can't wait to get back and put the tortas to the test!
Good condition and fun course. The green hot to stop the ball but still good to play.
Delicious and moderately priced. Service was speedy and the waitress was exceptionally polite and friendly.
I love this place! My nails always turn out beautiful, and love the complimentary drinks (your choice of water, hot tea, coffee or wine.) the staff is friendly, and I love that the pedicure standard is sugar scrub, hot stone and scented lotion. Definitely recommend!!
Good food!  Tio Panchos Pollo Con Queso is my favorite!!!   A little pricey...always get takeout which is ready in 10 min...
Delicious pizza, delivered \n faster than expected. Much better than your generic dominoes/pizza hut. Recorded for a delightful dinner/late night snack .
Do not visit this location.  Complete food violations.  A customer drive back to return a to go order stating there was an extra sandwich in the bag, the employee removed the sandwich and served it to another costumer.    Shut this place down.  I threw out my food and left
The veg burger is fantastic - make sure you ask to try all the different aioli sauces especially with the tots!
This place was so disgusting. It was so dirty and dingy. I needed one nail repaired and a blind person could have done a better job.
This is by far the best buffet I have ever been to in my life! So much to choose from! Service is good...could use a little more friendliness.
Don't bother. Mediocre at best. To be fair, a few in my party liked it. But in my humble opinion, they like it because they didn't pay.
The front desk was very courteous when we checked in.The room was very nice,had a good bathroom.Stayed at a Super 8 in Pa.the bathroom didn't have that much room.Lots of places to eat by here.Also there is a mall nearby.Will stay there again if I have to.
Amazing!! My gals and I came here twice in 48 hours. Great, fresh food. Huge cups of coffee, attentive cheerful service and we voted- cutest chef and owner in Vegas!\n\nHighly recommend. We will be back.
This is the worst customer service at the deli counter I've ever seen the worst dirty employees joking around not helping the customers.       Go to shea and Tatum store go to cave creek and Tatum store learn by those employees
First time I've been to this store. There was so much Coca-cola products. We tried the 16 types of cola in different countries. It was interesting. I mean some tasted good and some were just..eh..But it was fun. It's only $7 to try 16 cola, so not bad.
I liked the things they had to offer,but most was the same as retail,brand new. And the sales people,polite but they followed us around trying to push a sale so hard on me when I made it very clear I was simply just browsing.\n\nReturn factor? Nah.
Great ambiance. Overall good look. Customer service could use some help. Great selection of ice cream. Food was decent but not a highlight.
The service is 1st class and what you would expect from the Phoenician.  My wife and I had the tasting menu and I would recommend this to any guest. We went for our anniversary and throughout the night the staff acknowledged this and wished us a happy anniversary, from the hostess to desert.
Dark inside. Good booze. Knowledgable/skilled bartender. This would be a great bar anywhere, but it is an oasis in particular in the fratty South Side. Hand-tailored cocktails but beers too if you're too thirsty to wait.
Great food, cheap, hangover food, can't really complain, lived their shrimp burrito, chimichanga is also amazing.
This place has just been on point with my special drinks and the staff here has been fantastic and friendly.
Stopped for the Happy Hour specials. The food was only OK- greasy appetizers barely better than bar food. Drinks were weak and watery and an issue over the buy one get one was only handled after a discussion with the manager.
If you want #Waxing when in #Vegas this is the best place! Got a #BrazilianWax smooth as a baby! Very sanitary clean place.  Loved the friendly, accommodating staff. Definitely going back! Thanks The Birthday Suit
Would be one star, but for the price ... less than $10 after tax and tip, including drink? Meh.  Cheap as Panda Express, but you can eat a variety of things.
Hint: reservation a must\nCrowded; great value for all-you-eat-pasta; small $ supplement for sausage, meatballs, chicken\nFriendly & cool food service by Linzy\nNice small dessert sampler\nDelish pumpkin cheese cake\nWine & beer
Amazing coffee. The night crew rocks ! If you have something bad too say your probably salty because you can't afford the coffee. Go back to drinking your Starbucks haters. Lol
This is such an incredible place.. Just the lay out alone is something everyone must experience.. I love the shabby chic full length mirrors they have.. The customer service is incredible and the blow outs are amazing!!
I always have a good time here. The staff is friendly and food is great.  If you have a chance, try the Fried Brussels sprouts, or Muscles or the prime rib.
I have been here before and still think it is understaffed or ineffective waiter service. The food is great and the place is great for groups or for a romantic dinner. They have a friendly hostess that made the night  better.
at first i found trader joe's to be small with a minimal verity but after making this store my primary food source i find that the use of space in the small area is amazing. The staff are always friendly and kind. Lower cost on organic food than Whole-Foods and  always fresh. and free samples to boot!
Not much to tell.  The atmosphere was nice, but the menu was overpriced and the service was less than stellar.  We were all in a great mood, as it was a large group and we came here after a special event, so had fun anyway, but it had the potential to be oh so much better
I will not eat here again. The spicy chicken and brown rice tasted just like Teriyaki Madness. I wasn't blown away; however my lil' boy ate every bit of his chicken fried rice.
I love dottie, She makes me look how I am suppose to look.... perfect....
The portions are way too big.  I don't think a single person can eat the whole plate and it's absolutely ridiculous.  What a waste!!!!  I would rather have half the portion for half the price (very expensive).  I don't think I'll be going back.
I've known Dr. Lokey for sometime as a business associate.  It is clear that she knows what she is talking about and cares about her patients.  If you have kids, they will receive great care from Dr. Lokey!
One of the freindliest breweries I have ever been to! Great bartender that really made sure we were welcome and had--his name was Leland. Beer was fabulous...
We waited here for 5 hours and was expecting really good seafood.  But it turned out that they only have crab leg and some oysters.  The long wait was definitely not worth it.  The price is ridiculous as well.
The wait is too long! You wait way to long for mediocre food, if anything just get the frozen hot chocolate otherwise everything else is a waste!
Pharmacy service sucks. Takes FORVER to get your meds. The staff seems really unorganized. Not writing anymore. They took too much of my time up already.
For anyone who ate here before BJs bought out the chain, the quality has gone down tremendously. Burgers and fries just don't taste the way they used to. They're gross now and taste frozen. Will not go back!
Great wine, coffee, and service.
I've rented here 3 times now. Never again. Huge 30 minute plus line each time, with only 2 workers at the 7 available registers.  Then they hard, hard upsell you on unnecessary insurance.  All the other agencies have no lines, likely because they charge more.  I'll pay a bit more next time.
The worse \"mexican\" food I have ever had! I am white and I can prepare more authentic mexican food. But can't expect much from a bar.
Loved our sever Kyle Perkins please ask for him when you come.\nEvery thing was good but steaks while cooked to the right temperature had no flavor
Great Bloody Mary! The food was good...and oversized as usual. \n\nThe service was good, but a little slow at times...
Same great food, fairly convenient location near Kierland Commons, on the east side of Scottsdale Rd.
currently staying here and this hotel sucks. customer sercies is horrible. we checked into our hotel room at 2pm with one of the beds slept in and ashes on the coffe table.  now its 1 am and after 3 calls and promises to send room service to clean the room they are still not here.  don't stay here.
Caring doctors and usually in and out quickly. The receptionist, doctors , and nurses are always smiling and so nice. Highly recommend.
Melody is amazing. She always does a great job, and she does the best fades around. If you need a great cut, Melody is the one!
I went here for dinner with my family and was disappointed.  We got gnocchi, fish of the day (tuna), and the seafood platter.  The food just wasn't great, and for the prices I would expect higher quality.
We went to Edinburgh Castle early on a Sunday morning trying to beat the crowds and it definitely worked.  The castle is very well preserved and a must see attraction while in Edinburgh.
Man oh man oh man, that's all that needs to be said lol. I only had the breakfast not too fond of the samples of meat. They need to go to the south and learn a few things.
Good service, nice atmosphere (music is too loud), and food is good (but everything was super salty)....maybe an off night when i visited.
I had an awful hangover and their chorizo burrito came to the rescue. I was a little unnerved by the fact that the chorizo was sort of pinkish red but it tasted fine and put me on the road to recovery.
Great work, friendly staff, reasonably priced...it was a lot of fun...
It was really good and I really liked the coffee one. My mom got the coconut one and it was disgusting, but she said it was heaven and she wanted another one. I will go from California to Nevada just for this shaved ice. :D
Nice service, but horrible food!\n\nI was able to charge my electronics while dining, so that was very nice of the staff.  The waiter was friendly and chipper.  \nHowever, the nachos were disgusting, and tasted and appeared microwaved or left to heat up under a broiler.  It was gross!
The weight area smells like feet! The gym is always super dirty. The equipment is decent, but it's hard to lift weights while trying not to throw up. There are a lot better gyms out there. Don't waste your money.
I used to work here while a student in Madison, and I can tell you the food is phenomenal!
I have to say Lynn Bloom is the best. She always takes her time when she does my hair. Whether she's coloring it or just cutting it she's amazing. She is a perfectionist. So I highly recommend going to her for  whatever your hair needs are. She is the best.
we popped in here for pre-dinner drinks.  I'm not an \"old fashioned\" drinker, but my husband is.  I had a glass of wine, which was nice, and my husband really enjoyed his Old Fashioned.  Very friendly here!  Our bartender was awesome.
They changed the buns. The sliders are now just meh. I would say Dickey's is now a 2 1/2 star place and will probably only be visited once a month instead of once a week.
I thought it was pricey for the product. Service was slow and the server blamed the the bar staff? Many better chioces that are locally grown.
I do not like it at all I ordered the hotlink plate and it wasn't good but the yams was good but that's all I can say not even the french fries!! I don't think I will be back there but I had to try it out the place was very small
Very legit, takeout only Mexican. Cabeza and tripa were as good as I ever had it--loaded with meat. Only one tortilla each but larger than normal.\n\nHit this up if your stopping by post office or dollar gen!
Horrible service! This place is stuffy and makes me very claustrophobic. Felt uncomfortable and was continuously eyeballed by two females with a unibrow. Not my cup of tea.
Clean, organized store, gets the job done.  No bells or whistles but they're fast and to the point.  Plus they have a website where you can look up their hours and know whether or not you have time to make a trip.
The food at Local is SUPER awesome, and was a very fun experience.  Just be ready to battle the South Side crowd... :)
This is ridiculous! 20+ minutes waiting for a to go salad..... A SALAD!!!!!  There was only two orders ahead of me and I saw people behind me getting served first!
I would say compared to other AMCs and movie theatres, it's about par.  We've been coming here for a few years now and like that it's in a shopping center area.  It's easy to just get a meal and then head to the movies!
Overall their food is okay. Large portions are reasonably priced. We find splitting meals allows room for desert. \n\nOnly issue we encountered.... order a side of sauerkraut when ordering a Reuben Sandwich. They give you a few slivers in the sandwich.
I appreciate how clean it is here and that's probably because they have a lot of employees. Despite all of help, I still waited so long for an iced mocha that I ate all of my fries while standing at the cash register.\n\nKudos to major employers in small, rural areas!
I do remember!  One of the best sushi places I've ever been too.  Unfortunately, I don't think business was good for them when they moved here from their old spot right off of Sahara.   \n\nYes this place is closed.  :(  I want it back!!!
Passing through.  Stopped in for a quick bite.  Dark dingy dirty place. Notice the dirty Kirin drapes being used into the kitchen. Tempora was ok.  Wife hated the soup
Don't come here....over priced. Jerks charged gratuity on my card even though I gave cash tip and wrote zero on receipt. Be warned these people are crooks. Go somewhere else for asian food.
Food was average at best. The service was awful and the girls were not that pretty. I expected more from a hooters in Las Vegas.
Its just too mediocre. I got my hopes up walking into this place because it wasn't a chain operation--can't justify trying them again though
I am Japanese from Japan. I can tell you that ramen here is probably the best ramen you can find in Vegas. Taste is pretty close to what you can find in Japan. Five star for me.
Worst service ever.no silverware, no napkins and no straws....food took forever and the appetizer never showed up.
I lost all interest in going here after a big cockroach crawled across our table a little before the nachos were delivered. And yes, we still ate after seeing that. I left traumatized.
I really like this restaurant. I think it is the best one in Las Vegas.   I like their Hot Pot Fish Fillet and Beer boiled Duck. Next time I will try anothers. My friends told me that they have Pork Meat Ball ( new one!)  I think I will go there soon. hahaha ...
I finally got to taste their shrimp dumpling. And it was okay. The sauce was not my favorite at all. \nI'd give it the benefit of a doubt so I may try other menu and might have a different opinion. As for now, a three-star rate is sufficient.
Sugar cane pork is a.MUST!
I really love this place they make the best greek salad ever, the customer service is wonderful, they are prompt with my order and the food tastes better each and every time!
I guess it's exactly what you'd think it is.  Huge bland portions paired with super sized cokes all the while surrounded by red, white and blue paraphernalia.  Gives old Uncle Sam a bad name.
This is my favorite burrito place in south Scottsdale. The prices and portions are good, the food is delicious, and the salsas are great. Last time we were there, we ordered a customized vegetarian burrito and an adobada burrito. We were both very satisfied with our food.
i would have never expected this !\n\na living room, flat screen tv, a mini kitchen with a stove and everything!!! VERY VERY COOL!! LOVE IT!\n\nonly thing is that u need to buy a permit parking pass to park here..yuck.
I will not go back. fried calamari   appetizers soaked in grease and cold like it was laying around.  main on tray good but small portion. the  menu is limited. I had to keep reminding the weightier to fill my ice tea.
Chris is unprofessional and has a problem getting to a job ontime. This the second occurance we have had with him having us wait all day and not show up. Has us over a barrell because they replaced the water heater and its under warranty. So we had to go with out hot water for two days.
Cheap food and Cheaper Margaritas do not a good restaurant make. At $1.75 you can drink a lot of Margaritas and pretend the food is good. Soon the buzz will wear off and you'll have a headache and think you ate Mexican buffet at Panchos. Friendly service though
Had high hopes.  Maybe it was an off night.  Really was looking forward to trying the brussel sprout pizza but it was average.  Will have to give place another try.
New costco is so nice and clean. They have free samples everyday and I love them for that. Much nicer than the ones on oak and bethany home. The best part is that I don't feel like I'm going to get shot when shopping here .
Aside from the water being spilled on my coworker, the food was ok. Nothing spectacular really. Eh, they could have at least comped their food for spilling those glasses on them.
The place is nice and Big! lots of seating space with a few comfy seats such as lazyboy style seats. In a really cute house looking thing. The service is ok. A little more friendly would really make this place pop.
Great place to go. The owner takes that extra step with his customers.\nWill go back when I need another smog test.
Waited 1 Hour. Went there at 10 for breakfast. Paid for Lunch. \nFood was ok \nGood selection.\nWe prefer wicked Spoon & aria \nFurniture is old. Not Contemporary at all
EEk! Methinks not is right! The food here was terrible. It's pretty bad when you walk into a buffet hungry and leave still feeling hungry.
Having not yet signed up, I'm still going to say that this place is a kid-at-hearts dreamland. Want to turn raw materials into something awesome? Prototype anything? TechShop has it all.
This place is mediocre. Adobo rice is more like soysauce rice, so unpleasant! Coffee is gross. Red velvet & carrot cake pancakes are good, sauce is just condensed milk though! I will go back only for the pancakes.
Very very average. All the dishes were average. Nothing special. Service  fine but could get the same at home in the uk. So average I cant remember much. Even writing this review is making me feel borring and sleepy like the food they served. Sorry just being honest.
It's tiny and dingy, but they sell everything you'd need to make a Thai curry. Or whatever Asian dish you're trying to make. Their produce is also a lot cheaper than other grocery stores in the area. The only downside is their tiny parking lot with the 30 min. parking.
Orange beef was very dry and wasn't fresh at all. Kids meal sweet and sour chicken was tasteless. Shrimp in lobster sauce was good though, but not enough to overcome the bad. They were also out of most Of the beer choices when we were there.
Marielle said it all. Very unprofessional. Beware the owner, he will never respond to phone calls or text messages due to prior engagements. Satisfied with their previous maid service, but unsatisfied with their business.
My now favorite thai place.. I really enjoy there thai spicy basil & there egg drop soup
I brought my 90 year old mother in to have her acrylic nails removed. Nancy began clipping roughly at them and she ripped off part of my mom's nail. She didn't care at all! Don't go there!
Spring Harbor has changed direction since my previous review.  Dr sondel was my reason for being there.  He is gone.  Not a bad place, but not the best anymore.
Such a delicious spot for brunch! The prices are reasonable and the wait didn't take too long. I can't wait to go back and try other specialties! \n\n*They only seat you if your whole party is present
Surprised by how dirty the place is today. The floor looks a mess, the trash needs changed out. It isn't like the same place I come to when the owner is here. So can't wait to get my washer and dryer for the house.
Great service, tire selection and prices.  Additionally, they will fix flat tires for free even if you haven't purchased your tires from them.  They are fantastic.
Best Ramen in Vegas,  no kidding. The soup base is authentic.  A friendly atmosphere place to eat
REALLLLYYY salty food.I mean i love salty food but this is beyond! Me and my fiance both Had a stomach ache couple hour after eating there.should of give a one star but only good thing bout this place is the service. Not going back there again or any red lobster!
Excellent food and service. I always get the chile roast beef burrito with wheat tortillas. I appreciate good quality fresh food and great service. The soda fountain with crushed ice is a major plus!
The customer service and personal care you get from this shop can't be found in any chain store. They have an awesome and wide selection of frames. Great shop, I will continue coming back here!
Our family loves this place.  Friendly, well run and good with kids.
I'm not a meat person but they put almost NO meat on this bread sandwich.  Why even bother when Subway is right down the street?
Don't waste your time with reservations, they don't work.   Go to O`Donohues, much friendlier atmosphere.
Such a cool place.  Food was great.  Staff was wonderful. My favorite was the view of the Bellagio water show playing to Frank Sinatra.
It always seems to be lacking in the protein department. Not enough meat. The service was super rushed this time despite my $30 bill for s single diner. The food ultimately is awesome. Service, and perhaps presentation of the protein would be beneficial.
Excellent atmosphere but they didn't have a single beer on tap that wasn't an IPA.\nWhy do that???
I really liked it!  We sat up at the bar, had some wine, a couple of the signature entrees.   Will definitely go back soon!
Hardly any selection on halloween make up.  And I can't find an old granny long sleeve pjs...  (Look for my ghost outfit for halloween).  =(
The grilled pineapple is a delicious addition to the adobada taco!
Just a heads up, this rating is only for cravings past 2am, usually when drunk and/or completely starved, this place is a hole while the sunlight is up.  Now having said that, 2 tacos for 99 cents and super scrumptious milkshakes, not sure what else you could ask for!!
Michala was our server tonight. As busy as it was she didn't miss a beat. Great service! Thank you
I loved this place. It has a nice ambiance, the food is amazing and it's perfect for an intimate get together. It's family own and family operated so the service is a little slow but is well worth it.
I gave 3 stars because Masako was very nice and friendly. She did a good job however the place needs a facelift and a big cleaning in order to give a higher rating.
Best BBQ food I've had in a long time. Jason, our server, was knowledgeable and very pleasant. Overall a great place for dinner.
Prices raised by 30%. What was a solidly priced small restaurant, has joined the ranks of Montreal's legion of over-priced modest establishments. Only to be topped by Montreal's long list of $40 for two, bacon and eggs and filter coffee breakfast rip offs ...
The Philly cheese fries here are really good. I was impressed that a local style bar had a specialty drink menu. The margarita on there was unique and pretty tasty. The only let down was that there was no beer on tap. Having some beers on tap is a must for a bar.
Wow every time I come here there out of like 3 items always waiting.  And I come here at 1215 1230 prime lunch time.  Ans I don't have lots of time to wait around.    Chow mien out     Orange chicken out.  Really. Wow     But food is good.    But  prepare to wait
Pros: large portions, passable favors, discounts after 8 or 9 pm. \nCons: a friend of mine fished out a piece of metal wire from her curry something. Although the dish was comped. \n\nYou be the judge.
Same meal, same deal. I was just as impressed with the sushi here as I was the first time. I took my daughter here and she was impressed. She's from a coastal city and  is not easily impressed with sushi here in the valley.
We stayed in the Villas in June, 2008 and plan to return in January 2009.  Fantastic staff, good food, beautiful property.
Average everyday bar, with a ton of car parts and pictures around. The staff was friendly, and they have a cool little game room area upstairs with couches and bar games. The food I had was your typical bar food.
Worth a look if you are in the area. It is weird to think that all this lies below the huge solid buildings that are at street level. \nThe guide did his job well and was very entertaining. Didn't see anything of the paranormal variety but perhaps the ghosts feel the same way I do about American tourists.
Got a $10 ham sandwich from the airport on Sunday.  Wasn't very good and ended up getting food poisoning the next day.  Thanks for starting my week on a good note.
Best steak I've had out in Phoenix. I ordered the New York and thought it was more flavorful than the fillet. Loved the modern atmosphere.  I will definitely return!
Docs came through in a pinch when I had an animal emergency at 11pm at night. Very thorough, courteous and thoughtful. Id reco them for any emergency or routine care.
Fast and fresh breakfast! I like the simple things for breakfast sometimes and they do a great job at it. Will definitely be back.
Shawarma and rosemary potatoes is all I can review, because that's all I ever order: it is that good!
The food here was great!  I got the seafood platter and the scallops and shrimp was so good.  I would def come here again. The waiting staff was so nice and attentive.  There wasn't alot of people in the resturant but it is worth trying out.
Absolutely fabulous!  Why do so many people fixate on the location?  The food was super delicious, Mexican + seafood, where could things go wrong.
Teuer,  Fleisch g\u00e4nzlich ohne Geschmack.  So\u00dfe einfallslos.  Lediglich das Brot ist okay.  Drinnen ausserdem sehr abgewohnt und ungem\u00fctlich.
went back this past sunday.\n\nthe red potatoes are a lot better than the hash browns. \n\nbecause it was a sunday, it was pretty packed and service wasn't as good as i would of hoped. but i liked the food better this time! definitely going to return.
Used to be decent, pretty much sucks now.  Literally probably the most expensive bar in Bloomfield.  For some reason their drafts are way over priced and taste awful.  The place is kinda a dump too and looks terrible from the outside.  Men's bathroom reeks and is just filthy. I probably won't go here again.
I prefer New Mexico mexican food but Bonito Michoacan has some very good dishes.  The carnitas are very good, as is the mole enchiladas.  The gratis chips, salsa and beans is a nice touch too.
The customer service was lacking.  Other than that I love that it has a Starbucks and you can sip on some coffee while you read a good book
Fantastic place to stay while in Phoenix area.  Surprisingly elegant accommodations coupled with friendly, hospitable service.  Conveniently located in the center of Glendale and also handy for all of Phoenix.   Great amenities:  breakfast, wifi, and personal assistance with info on sites and restaurants.  Simply outstanding!
Love this place!!  Sashimi slices are generous!!  Service is great!  My new favorite place!!!
Houston's is a great environment and great service. Not to tough on the wallet either!! I recommend when in Scottsdale
BEST SUSHI in CHARLOTTE!!!! Our server Laura was spectacular! Awesome atmosphere, great service, AND beautiful women! We will surely be back!
Great happy hour specials.  Great food and yummmmy food. Wednesday has family night specials.
Great salon! I have been getting my haircuts with Juan for over a year now; he is the best hairstylist I have ever met. Kelly is also an amazing colorist. I highly recommend this salon.
This place is amazing the crowd is awesome, the drink prices are great and the music is always good. I love the interior design of the place and the service is also good. I recommend it for someone who's trying to kick back and have a few drinks :)
Tia Jackson is a dream!  She has been my stylist for over a year and has a great foundation of knowledge!  Her cuts are the best and most detailed I have ever experienced.  She recently colored my hair  balayage style and I love it!  She's fun to be around and has high energy.
If you're looking for a decently priced hotel on the strip, this is def one of them.  Rooms are clean and staff is nice.
I have been going to this restaraunt for years. The service is great but the food is subpar at best. The salad bar has fake cheese and imitation bacon bits. The fish is ok, sometimes a little overcooked. My husband is a fan of the green shrimp. The hushpuppies however are delicious!
Awesome shakes and burgers! Got one with Reese's and pretzels amazing! Funghi burger was awesome as was the classic. Turkey and veggie burgers were just ok! Sweet potato fries were fabulous. Would definitely come back!
I was excited to try H.O.B. while on vacation, but my breakfast never came so I left and not to mention I waited 15 mins to sit (party of 1) and an hour plus before the waiter walked by and said \"oh gosh idk what's going on\" Booooo!!
Good Pho. Not crazy about their other dishes, Pho Ga and Pho Bo is good, and I like the Banh mi bo kho. But the service is exceptional. That and a good bowl of Pho will keep me coming back.
Worst guacamole EVER.  It was thin & watery.  The chips (that weren't completely cooked) were soggy.  The refried beans were too salty & the Spanish Rice was just OK
Worst place ever! Out of everything, service terrible and slow. Better off going to the boiling crab or hot and juicy\n\nDO NOT VISIT THIS PLACE
Yes, it is that good!  Pizza was very good the second time though not as spectacular the first visit. I think the kitchen got rushed. But all is forgiven, Everything else is perfect. Love the chop salad. Great beer. Great wine.  Gorgeous date.
Casino is decent, pool is fun, rooms due for revamp.. The suite I was in had water damage from hottub in room with furniture peeling apart.  When I called the front desk they said all the rooms were like that. ;o(
Just had an asain casket treat us rudely .   Why we did nothing wrong.\n\nAll we did was ask him about different shots and what was better he asked if we were intoxicated and wouldn't sell them to us
This place holds a nostalgic appeal for people born and raised in Pittsburgh who grew up eating here. If that experience is what your looking for, please visit. If you're looking for a tasty meal, go somewhere else. 5 stars for history, 0 for food quality and flavor.
Mr pib is flat, Friday fish fry is great.
I've been here several times and I like this place a lot. This time though the buffalo burger was just okay. We sat at the bar.. Our server wasn't the friendliest I've ever run across. I'll give this place another chance since I've had so many good experiences here in the past.
No shuttle waiting. Have now waited 30 minutes. Show time had immediate shuttles. Bell did too. 2 doLlars cheaper, but not worth the wait.
Authentic Colombian food and it tasted amazing as well! Don't let the little truck fool you! Highly recommend it! Will definitely be coming back. Had the salchicha (hot dog) and it was perfect!
I have seen almost all of the Cirque du Soleil shows and this one is nothing special. Gotta love the Beatles but dont expect to see anything you havent seen before.
I ordered a bowl with corn and pork. Cost more than 10 bucks.\nThe food was pricey and you can tell the pork was reheated from fridge.\nMy home made ramen tastes better than this...\nSorry to give two stars. Really need some improvements.
Food was fantastic,  service was excellent,  price was a good value.  Easy to spend money at Cityscape and get a lot less for your money than Strand.
This place was good but not the you have to be careful about the temperature of the steak when you order..... Medium is really Medium Rare.
Went to see the lake of course, but decided to stop at the restaurant. Great location, reasonable prices, very friendly service, generous portions ...not at all the settings of a tourist trap. I am local and I  think we ll go back for dinner at sunset  !
Tasty guac. strong drinks. In the heart of Downtown Charlotte day and night life.\n\n- Fresh Guacamole\n- White Sangria\n- Negra Modelo on draft
the chicken shwarma sandwich was pretty good, but not the best i've had.  the sandwich was dripping with grease, which might freak other people out, but i'm ok with it.  the potatoes with the garlic cream sauce is off the chain though!
Very horrible customer service. I'm always excited to do business with smaller shops but this was a mistake. Very rude and completely unwilling to be helpful in the smallest way. Horrible. Don't go there. Travel further for better service.
The sauce on the pizza makes this pizza place stand out. The ingredients are fresh and delicious.
Great food and great brew! Definitely will be back.
Pretty dope place for gifts. Pretty tiny space which makes shopping for a gift after work or on the weekend fairly frustrating. But none the less, if you want to get a more unpredictable type of gift and you're in Madison you should stop here
Love this place! Great food, wonderful service, and reasonable prices. This has become a monthly treat for us. We always order way too much food and leave with leftovers for days.
Ramen DX was salty; skewers were ok but nothing blew me away. We ordered grilled whole squid which was totally forgotten so we ended up canceling it...
Excellent food.  Fast service. Great lunch specials. I decided to try something new and got the sesame chicken.
Absolutely dislike all the beers here. They are all extremely hoppy and bitter. I like dark beers and beers with flavor, not just strong hops. Worst brewery beer I have ever had.
Would not recommend. The food was sub par and not that reasonable $$. Service was okay but Joseph is just rude. Does not seem to care if he has repeat customers. Don't understand the previous reviews. Not our experience.
Found something that looked like a pubic hair on the rim of my glass... I cancelled the order, and will never return.
Edit -  rebuttal written to David below...
I've been seeing Shaina for ages and she's awesome! she's always very thorough and I'm in and out of my Brazilian wax appointment in 20 minutes or less. I actually live in Henderson now but I still drive out to her location on Rainbow just to see her. thanks shaina for always keeping me groomed!
Worst customer service I have ever experienced. The manager is a complete ass and extremely difficult to work with when the store itself makes a mistake. The items at the store are good and decently priced, but save yourself the headache and go to a different mega furniture location. I wish that manager would just get fired.
Great yogurt but nasty restroom with horrible rotten egg smell atl east put a air freshener.\nIt is a nice place to bring the kids and family.
This place has incredible food! it's an ingenious business concept that hopefully starts to branch out with more locations. If you're looking for an affordable, mouthwatering, and convenient meal this is the place to be!
wonderful, the best greek food.
Was lucky enough to be treated to lunch here yesterday. We were in a hurry and I was super impressed with the staff. They knew my friends name and drink order and had our food delivered within 10 minutes. The food was very good(I had a salad and turkey sandwich) and the staff very polite!
I have been here multiple times although mostly for takeout. The rolls are awesome.\n\nNever have to wait long for my order.\n\nI like that they have gluten free soy sauce but the price per packet seems a little high. \n\nGood quality food and portions.
Possibly the worst sushi I had in Phoenix area. maybe the place is good for Happy Hour but for lunch the sushi was terrible and not even cheap! Also extremely small portions. There are so many better alternatives.
We had the Pho, Bun, Rice dish.  The appetizer was ok, entrees were ok, meat was undercooked.  Overrated....
Went back the next day it wasn't worth the wait..Rib tips were just fat..couldn't chew it away..most of it ended up in my napkin.  It was seasoned pretty well and sides were decent
It is a decent building with good views everywhere. My only complaints are the narrow halls for exiting, not big enough for a pro team, no skyboxes, and no permanent Jumbotron/ scoreboard. Oh yeah and not enough food places or unique eating.
Mexican pizza was extremely gross. Made me sick. Tasted like it was old and reheated 10 or 15 times before I got it. Lady at front gave a a dirty look when I asked for something else. Just keep on driving.
I think I might get addicted to this place! I went 3 times for their reflexology foot massage in he last 2 weeks. For just $10 more u get a whole hr of feet and full body massage, can't beat that! Make sure you bring cash to tip the staff!
My favorite Pita Jungle and the least pretentious. Minus one star for food inconsistency, hopefully this issue gets ironed out with time.
I often find good deals here
I had horribly late Donatos pizza about a month ago. The highlight was a conversation on the phone with Justin (Manager) that led me to believe that he hates his life.\n\nI called corporate and left a message detailing the problem, but they never got back to me.
Reuben sandwich w salad AND soup and all three totally bland! I'm sad that I didn't enjoy this place because I LOVE delis. Damn.
My wife and I heard about this restaurant/bar through a friend and we were not disappointed. The food is great, the people are friendly and the prices you can't beat. We've been there three times since hearing about it and we will continue to stop by.
I always have a good experience here. The prices are cheap. We are vegetarian and sometime we find it hard to find good food. Chinese is always nice because we order the vegetables with brown sauce and just pour it over the rice.\n\nThe staff is really friendly and seem to appreciate the business
Must get: the American breakfast with ham.  The ham was awesome.
Environment is classic Fox Concepts.  Beautiful evening with the Christmas lights and decorations up. Fresh pasta,  vegetables, soups...have to try the fig prosciutto pizza.
Good friendly people working here\n\nPrice was not bad compared to other hotels\n\nRooms were nice and clean\n\nI stay here again
Just had my first appointment with Dr. Ho, him and his staff are super friendly and all around awesome! Cleaning was super easy, painless and I got to watch NFL Network the whole time. Happy to have found a great dentist in my new home town.
Wife and I went for Happy Hour today. Great drink selection and service. Food was bland and not tasty at all. Might come back for happy hour again...but just drinks next time.
They have a great happy hour and delicious sushi. But I do know that the crab is imitation crab. Which means, it's still fish. But not crab. Probably explains the great prices. But all in all. Great sushi!
It's an airport with sand sculpture animals. Oh and slot machines you know for when you can't wait to get to the casino and want to throw your money away first thing :)
Website was down so i could not order online and gift card machine was down so I could not use my gift card. I ordered anyways. Picked up the food and went home to find out my order was messed up.  Food was good.
This place is overpriced, overrated, food is VERY mediocre, staff/service is lukewarm at best. We won't be back, please don't bother.
The nasty youngster working at the Wetzell's Pretzel counter ruined it man.  She was all pissed at me because she misheard my order and I bothered her to give me the right kind of pretzel.  Lame.  Grow up little girl.  Rude.....
This place was OK, a litle dirty like their AC vents above where the food is being prepped and made. Which to me is a no no. The food was ok, a little pricey I think. Staff friendly though.
this has got to be the best, most amazing little  coffee place i've ever experienced  besides cafe trieste in san francisco!! wish we had this in boston...
I love pizza but this reheated cardboard grease wheel that I just ate here was pretty nasty. The people working here are very nice though.
awesome bday present from brett and amber... the show is absolutely amazing... i had chills most of the show!!! cant wait to see it again
Nice place, but they think nothing of running their 100db grass blowers tractors before dawn on Sundays.  Really tee'd off the wife.
Omg this place is to die for. The hubby an I eat here every week! The sushi chef is an absolute master! If you haven't tried Yen yet make it your next stop.
Awesome little Chicago Sports bar. All the teams, lots of cool decor. The chili was very good and Chicago like! They allow kids and have a good friendly atmosphere.\nPrices are average.\nIf you go during a Bears game you won't forget it.
Great service, and great people.
I expected to be impressed by this restaurant. Not so, as the most impressive item was my Singha beer served in an ice cold glass mug. The food was mediocre, including the soft shell crab.\n\nThe service and atmosphere were okay, but the quality of the food does not compare to Ocha.
Great food and atmosphere. Had the mixed grill, a little bit everything on one piping hot plate.  Dessert was great too, always a fan of rice pudding.
I have always loved Just Fresh. Yes, they may be a little pricey on some items, but their food is top quality and \"fresh.\" You can't go wrong with a combo at lunch-it's cheap and delicious! Conveniently located in Dilworth in the Harris Teeter parking lot.
Food and service was great! Definitely bring your appetite! Highly recommend the Sage fried chicken & waffles... they beat Roscoe's, hands down. As busy as it was, our server was very attentive. Expect to take a to-go box out the door. Will come back for sure!
If you go with an open mind and don't mind paying around $120 for two people, you will enjoy it. Our waitress was very friendly and accommodating for our three course meal. Good for special occasions, but not somewhere to go on a regular basis. Perfect for a first date or a blind date!
Amazing! Top 2 Sundaes- 1. Buster Brownie and 2. Dusty Road Sundae. You won't want anything else! :)
One of the coolest bars in Pittsburgh.  The atmosphere is uniquely designed, and the people watching is fantastic if you grab a seat in the back on a busy night.  It can get incredibly crowded on the weekends, but there is usually room in the back.  It has an edgy vibe, but the bartenders are some of the best in town.
You can never fail with number 14 (pho with rare beef), and egg rolls. They are delicious, and all we ever order is a pho of some sort and the egg rolls.. We've ordered Chinese from here before, but it is not their forte.
Salad bar is amazing, meat is so so. They have a great selection but for the price not sure if it is worth it. Maybe once in a while for a special event...
Amazing Steakhouse!!! Every time I come here, I'm not disappointed. Great customer service, prices are lower  compared to the places in the strip. The quality of the steak or seafood are high. Not that many people\nknow of this place, hidden jewel of Las Vegas. I would highly recommend!!
A good spot for a cappuccino on a Sunday morning. Expect a good crowd and enjoy sitting outside at their wrought iron chairs and tables watching the Strip activity.
Couldn't get an answer on where the salmon was from and if it was sustainably harvested. Otherwise what I had was good.
Nice patio. The bar has no AC. HORRIBLE service on the patio. Prepare to be thirsty and ignored.
Great place to take the family!  Very clean and lots of differed t treats to chose from. Very comfortable seats too!
Awesome Yoga studio, awesome instructors and staff!  There is also a great variety of classes offered along with kid classes!  Highly recommend!
Great out of the way place, if you are looking for good Mexican food off the strip, friendly service, a great value.
This place is a fantastic little LOCAL coffee shop! The coffee is good and the food is great! A nice relaxing atmosphere with very friendly staff. We have been here more than a few times, and will be coming back more. Make sure to skip your starbucks and support this great local business!
A good place for downtown. Always a solid experience.
At this visit we shared orders of tender beef and shrimp along with a bountiful salad and 6 banchans.  Pak, our server, was particularly informative so we learned a little more about this cuisine than during our last visit
Great locals place for breakfast or lunch . Delicious matzo soup // and crazily their fruit salads are the best in town
Expensive! My sister made reservations & paid for the room but with the money I spent on randomness was insane. 100-200% increase in items you'd pay for at the store.
Loved it! I was helped by Nicole and she was very knowledge and professional. Love how clean and neat they are. Definitely happy with the outcome of my brows :)
Running here to there...\nMust stop on a lovely day,\nGood place to unwind.
Food is over priced , menu is confusing , they charge you for chips and salsa , zero customer service , the reality of it is this is an overpriced taqueria . The atmosphere is blah , had to check it out because I love Mexican food but def won't be going back
Favorite hang out spot, bartenders severs and staff Ina General are very nice, good is always top notch and booze it's always the best.\n\nWhen hanging out with your friends, this is the place to be.\n\n I'm a big fan!
Best pizza in Madison period. Simple, straightforward place with fresh ingredients.
I have visited with this store many times.  What I have been promised in contracts has never happened... And if you are not looking for a phone that gives the sales people a big commission, be prepared to be ignored.
The restaurant was very slow at clearing tables and seating people. At one point, there were 5 different tables open and a 30-40 minute wait. Once you are seated the food was quick to come. The food was ok, but not worth a long and unorganized wait.
BUYER BEWARE. Please pay cash when eating here. The service was extremely slow - I left a 10% tip which was probably too high - then Maggie, the server added another 20% to to check that I have disputed with Amex.
The coffee was hot and it was right around the corner from the condo. Grande bold every morning and didn't have to wait.
Awesome service, no haggle, most modern building and service at the dealership. Haven't dealt with their service department, but their internet and in-person sales was awesome. Be careful about which extended warranty you go with - but you already know that!
Opening day, this was probably the best all-you-can-eat sushi buffet in scottsdale area. But after awhile, the quality went down. Now, the quality of sushi you get here is no different then most buffets. For 15 dollars though, I think its still a decent deal for decent sushi.
The friendliest group of servers. Food is good. Come here most weekends with friends and they treat us right.
A very warm and welcoming feeling from the time you walk in till the time you leave   Mayo takes the time to really understand how you feel and does a great job making you feel much better when you leave  If you've been wanting to try Acupuncture, this is the place to go
This is my favorite place to get my boba tea. Fresh fruit instead of the powder and the boba is perfectly cooked. Soft on the outside and slightly chewy on the inside.  My favorite is the lychee boba but they are all good with lots of different flavors.  They also offer small popping pearls.
Very friendly, knowledgeable staff !!!
This is the best sandwich shop I've been to in a long long time. Definitely worth the trip and for sure good eats.
Its everything you ever wanted for your home and all the other things you never knew you needed. Even if you don't buy anything it is a great place to get inspiration (i need a farmhouse sink in my life).  They have cinnamon buns too!
Chicken n Waffles were excellent. Only nitpick is chicken was a bit dry. Friendly, efficient service. Would go back.
Dr and his staff are excellent!!! I had to have a root canal. Dr explained to me what he would be doing during the procedure. I was so comfortable and relaxed throughout it. I didn't feel a thing. My pain is gone. I highly recommend Dr.
Pretty good for a chain taco place.  Go for the Wed $1 taco special . . .you can't beat the tacos for a buck.  If you happen to find yourself there on a day other than Wed, you can't go wrong with the Carne Asada burrito.
I have stopped by several times and have had great help with everything I needed help with.  I also had to take back the wrong size part and the exchange went smoothly.
Good food, nice people but darn they are so expensive.  Eggs and bacon and tea, 2 servings of waffles coffee and tea 42 bucks.
Tried the lamb kubideh. It was very reasonable pricing, for $7.99 I got a healthy serving of kubideh with rice, and bread. They make the bread at the location! Everything tasted wonderful. And we ended our meal with a Baklava. Do try it!
I stopped by this bar because a friend knows the owner. The patrons were nice and the bar tender was fantastic. I gave it one star because the owner  (little dude) and his wife (drunk with an attitude) really don't care about their patrons. Not a good experience for non-locals and I would not suggest this bar.
The runs immediately after consuming their eggs (sunny side up) from the $4 slam.  The wait was also ridiculously long at 4am, then 10am. Stay away for your own good.
Our favorite place in the north valley for Vietnamese food! Great pho and bun and good service. The owner is friendly and the food is always fresh full of flavor. If you have not been here, you must go!!! The only thing missing is a beer or wine option....the it would be worth 5 stars!
Lunch special is pretty delicious. The potatoes are the best. Go here for lunch.
I would much rather buy a store brand hot dog and Hormel chili and make my own. Dip cone was the best thing. Service sucked rude not friendly.
I can't believe the average rating isn't higher for this place. My only real complaint about it is that it's so far away, especially now that they closed their other location. I got hooked on contemporary Indian food not too long ago, and Bombay Spice does it well.
Good hair cut but the people their act like their better then the rest of the universe. I dont appreciate going to places where I am paying good money to feel bad about the way I look. Way to pricey.85 dollars for a haircut! yeh right.
Amazing. Food was excellent and affordable, and the waiter that served us was fantastic. Atmosphere was also great. Two thumbs way up (and five stars).
Don't like when I call a place 5 times during their posted hours of operation.  For this I will now only call places that are interested in answering my call and wanting my business.
Some of the best pizza I've had since moving to Pittsburgh. And they have good hoagies as well.
Excellent food and excellent service.  The manager Kristen was awesome and so was our server Jeff. I highly recommend this restaurant for dinner.
This place is overpriced and overrated.  For the price, I'd rather go to Rio's Village Seafood Buffet and have all you can eat crab, shrimp, clams, etc.  I wasn't impressed with the seasoning either but it is cool that you get a ginormous bib.
Pappadeaux is overpriced and overrated.  There are so few choices in seafood restaurants in the Phoenix area.  It's a shame.  Franchise.  The food is ok.  One step up from Red Lobster.
Beware of a residential property being represented by Osselaer. They slow with inquiries and paperwork and will nitpick you on move out with a good amount of fees. Seriously, who charges you for leaving a satellite dish?
Food  & service is 4 stars. The ambiance, location and presentation just about 2 stars  \nIt felt like eating in a Hotel Restaurant / breakfast room. No real character, but something on the wall and on the bar to remind you this is an Italian.\nNo atmosphere. Just.. nice.
Been going to Shawn Benso, DDS for awhile now. Overall been pretty happy with them. My wife also sees him and she is in there all the time for work and Dr. Benso has thrown her a fee freebies like fixing chipped teeth and such.
Very expensive. Stick to the brisket, sausage, corn on the cob, and potato salad. Avoid the pulled pork, the baby back ribs were a joke. Only BBQ place near here so I guess they have me as a customer by proxy.
Top notch family owned business. They found the perfect car for me and actually saved me money $$$ I'll be coming here for my next car for sure!!
It all looked nice at first until we started noticing beggars on drugs sneaking inside the complex and looking through the trash.\nIn addition to the hidden fees that we were hit with upon leaving the apartment in a decent condition. Good luck!
The atmosphere was pretty cool. It really is warehouse like. Could have been better with a bigger crowd. But the food was pretty bland.
Aaron has helped me out of a few jams when things looked negative and we thought that there was no light at the end of the tunnel. Fortunately we were referred to Aaron Kelly who is the solution to any technical problems or issues that I had online. Thank you for helping out when things looked grim.
GREAT beer! Everything else was just ok. It was empty when we were there on a  Saturday afternoon which I thought was strange, so perhaps a bit of atmosphere would have enhanced the experience.
Friendly folks and great food.  Enjoyed very much!
Enjoyed my regular brewed coffee very much, but the latte drinker gave it a \"meh\" and took a LONG time to get drinks.  Kind of a hipster place.  I think for the amount of time it took to get coffee on a Sunday morning, I'd pass.
When the Luxor was new, it was a delight to ride the \"inclinator\" and stay in a pyramid! Alas, on my recent August visit, the Luxor mostly gave off a sad feeling: it knows its days of glory are in the past, a fading memory.
The atmosphere is great, but the food is only so-so.  Great place to drink a beer and watch a grown man get spanked.
I went on a bad day. They had a discounted entrance fee of $3 and only one exhibit open! I was finished within an hour and left feeling very disappointed...
The cigarette smoke was so thick in there that we couldn't even find the bar.. Yuck. Couldn't stand to sit & eat in there. There was a non-smoking section with nothing dividing it.. But that's kinda like peeing in a pool, right?!
Very nice and relaxed off campus bar. They have a huge room with pool tables, darts and of course very big TV's. If you can't make it to a football game or want to watch the Illini basketball team win this is the place to go. The food is pretty good too!
Only if I'm buying vegetables will I go to Sprouts... Or the fresh bread. Not a bad place. Never been treated wrong. Prices are just below moderate.
My new York was good. Boyfriends bone in rib eye very average if that.  Mini baked potatoes inedible.  Service way too enthusiastic.  Everything was fabulous according to our waiter.  Such was not the case
We were greeted by a volunteer that had worked for 48 years at the testing site. He gave us a brief, but brilliant history of the site. A few people walked past us instead of engaging and really missed out on what made this such a great museum, the personal, human, explanation of the site.
Very friendly and attentive employees.  I was helped multiple times without asking.  Thanks!\n\n-Update 5/25/2011:  I am very pleased by how pleasant the store manager is (Mr. Ebel) -and by how he goes out of his way to help me.  I really like shopping here!
Boyfriend brought a box of assorted goodies home but everything seemed to taste the same and I guess it was too sugary and you couldn't tell the difference between each dessert since the sugar overpowered the flavors
We took our valet's advice and hit up this local Las Vegas spot. We were served quickly and both enjoyed out delicious omelet's. We will definitely hit it up again next time.
Y aller pour la librairie et ses libraires. \u00c9viter le caf\u00e9, tr\u00e8s ordinaire et \u00e0 un prix d\u00e9raisonnable pour ce qui est offert.
Extremely professional. We used AZ Elite Transportation recently and the staff was on time, courteous, and friendly. The pricing is great too! Highly recommended.
Good Breakfast Place.  And only 1.3 miles from my office even better!
This place is a dive. Not to mention bad food. Enchiladas were cold when we finally got our order. The place is dirty beyond what is acceptable. The only upside was that it was cheap. There are so many other good Mexican restaurants... skip this one.
Horrible experience here. Slow service and flavorless food. Would be even more dissappointed if I had not saved money with Groupon. Will never go back.
Very expensive and not a good job. This is not the place to go if you want designs. Paid 100 buck for gel manis and pedis. Never will I return!!!
The downward spiral is complete...the wife was going to eat Bajio tonight while I was going to pick up L&L.  Our plans were foiled as Bajio is CLOSED (letter on the door indicating non-payment).
I always get spring rolls and for once I was a little disappointed. Selection is ok. Price was ok. I wasn't wow'ed by this place.
Best misoyaki butterfish I ever had!  The sake, which I cant remember the name was also great.  I don't know why I have less of an issue dropping some $$$ on high end Japanese food than high end Chinese food.  Hmmmm....
Place is amazing! Great food! Great Service!!!! Portions are big enough to split and the garlic knots are awesome!!! Service is great sometimes a long wait because everything is home made!!!! Love this place!
It took 34 minutes from the time we ordered to the time we received 5 small shakes.  And when the girl arrived at the car, she didn't know which shake was which.
Good steaks, great service love the staff here...
Great place to visit!  I would highly recommend trying it out...very clean, reasonable prices, friendly staff.  Food was better than average.  I will be back for sure.
Great food, great service, fantastic hot wings! \n\nIt was a little loud, but we were there on a game night. The drinks, though pricey were great!
Great place for drinks & sports viewing.  There are about a jillion huge screens with everything from football, baseball, surfing, racing, etc on tv.  Nice outdoor patio, comfy lounge chairs, some video games & pool table.  Reverse happy hour from 10PM-2AM is a plus!  Would totally come back.
Has a huge tendency to be very slow and backed up. Waiting doe drink refills is crazy. Summer is not so bad but in winter with the snowbirds it is horrible. \n\nWendy's really needs to get more diet friendly meals and less fat in their so called healthy salads and things. This one is average
i went here for my birthday by myself (my hubby was away for work).  The food was good and the birthday sundae was fun.  They will even write your name on a board and read them off wishing you a happy birthday.  My server even volunteered to sing Happy Birthday to me, what a sweetie.  Just a good all around experience.
Wow. As good as meat gets.
So amazing! I just moved in down the street and Those Guys Pizza is shizznit! Love the spinach salad.  Super friendly staff.  The have made me a happy pizza filled camper.
Best nail shop in Gilbert! Friendly staff, and excellent service!
It's a cool place to come down. Great local crowd and specials for happy hour. Bottle service is the way to go here if you want to have great time with a big group of friends. If you haven't been here it's worth checking out for an off the Vegas strip experience.
Great sushi for a very reasonable price, my friends and I love going here. Although on the weekends the wait can be very long and the small bar overfilled with patrons. The host could be a bit more friendly, but we've been willing to overlook that for the food.
It was so disorganized and none of the employees knew what was going on. Took 45 minutes to check out and the cashier was extra rude. Sticking to the town square location for sure!
Great kebabs and I love the mediterranean salad. Don't miss out on the baklava either!  Service is very good as well. Definitely put this place on your list.
Went there first thing thing this morning. Ordered 2 simple sandwiches. Took over 35 minutes to make. 6 workers lounging around. Completely ignored. Totally disgusted with their service. Overpriced. Food okay and felt worthless when I left
Rooms are ok kinda small... Most of all SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NOISY. I'm a light sleeper and I wish I read the yelp reviews beforehand. Big mistake worst sleep in a hotel ever.
Great selection of stores.
Disappointed. 3 of the 6 sodas were out of order. They were also out of the carrots and two of the taco meats were gone too.
Excellent  food; full of flavor. Everything on the menu is great. Service  is great. Great place for any occasion.
Great service, little.. just a little pricey  if you compare to places like chillies etc..for two ppl it was 42 and change but let me say that it was way more worth then that(see picture)...that fish melted n my mouth and  was spicy enough..loved the environment..
This was by far the worst sushi we've had in years.  The fish seemed fine but the rice was old and soggy. It had absolutely the most horrible consistency.  The prices were typical of Vegas so no surprises there.  But I would eat grocery store sushi before I'd go back to this place.
These guys are awesome and will be buying from again.  Literally saved me hundreds on my tv stand.
The service was good but not too fond of the food and the price.....$$$$$ Sake was pretty bomb though. I'm from Hawaii and know what's good sushi and there are a lot of good spots in Vegas with good quality fish. I just couldn't get over the price of this place.
This is the best dive in Vegas.  There is always free music, the place is...eclectic to say the least.  If you're into the punk scene, you'll love it.
Super juicy, fresh dry aged beef, and allllll the fixings. Great beer and whiskey selection. He's def. got the \"theme\" restaurants down...
I am not a happy customer!\n\nThis place is not professional, they are not upfront with charges. This place is lucky they are at a convenient spot, otherwise they'd prob be out of business. Beware, if you want to be overcharged and unsatisfied, come to this car shop.
She was at Diva Beauty! She is the best! Tell everyone!
This place is set up like an old school barber, with furnishings done in dark greens and mahogany. Carol, my stylist, gave me one of the best haircuts I've ever received. Highly recommend that you sign in with her when you arrive. I'll be back in about four weeks!
Ads on tv brag about all the cheese and quality toppings.  What a joke.  They were fast and the counter lady very pleasant.  I would actually pay more for better ingredients.  But it will but not here.  They were not busy, wonder why.
Great New Mexican food. The house made chips are worth the visit. The chile con queso tastes just like my mom's. Unfortunately everything we got with the exception of the beans and rice was too spicy for my lovely lady.  A margarita would have been great but they don't serve alcohol.
Great location, lots of gas pumps. \n\nEasy to get in-and-out of: right off the 101, about 30 seconds west of the freeway.\n\nI only go to Chevron and this is where I go besides the one on Scottsdale Rd and Bell.
A franchise that is ready for a turn around.  Bad service and bathroom that is outside and they wouldn't give me a key to use it.  Bad bad bad.
We order our food from their carside service.  We found the food to be great, but patience trying to get your food from the carside pickup!!  (over 15 minutes past the time promised and ignored until the manager brought it out!!)
Pretty pricey but consistently good food. The breakfasts on Sunday morning are rather nice and they have a clown that offers balloon animals and face painting for the kiddos. Not the same old mexican food that you will get from other area restaurants, Arriba's serves more New Mexican fare than traditional tex-mex.
The food is delicious.  Definitely going back again.  Loved the service and quiet atmosphere.
20 mins before closed told me they wouldnt make me a chicken bowl because didn't have any chicken already cooked and needed to clean up
Their burgers are large and filing, but dry and bland. Their redeeming factor is that if you order ice cream, they will make you a waffle cone fresh on the spot.
Over priced menu. They charge you $4 for a regular cup of coffee in the morning! \n\nThe restaurant looks nice, but the food doesn't match the visual quality, and the prices they charge are absurd for what you get.
I really love their black bean soup and the grilled baguette piece that comes with it.  I know it's a coffee shop, and I can't say I ever had a bad cup there.  But the black bean soup was the stuff that consistently hit the spot.
Nice theater, not crowded and received a military discount. Watched transformers in 3d and had a great experience. The bathrooms were clean and so was the theatre.
Well this place isn't too bad. Maybe I just didn't know what to order... I love sushi but I don't think pan Asia meet my standard when it Comes to sushi. The service was good. Maybe ill try there food next time....
It was cool to see all the different m&m colors that you haven't seen before. The m&m dolls, posters, collectibles, etc.  More for kids...but gets a little crowded.  I would go again, if I had my niece or someone  younger to go with.
The food here was T-e-r-r-i-b-l-e!  Service was so-so...Don't waste your money here.
I don't get what all the hype is about this restaurant? I mean, the bread with the special dipping oil was good but not outstanding.  The salad was forgettable and the fettuccine Alfredo with chicken was edible.  It's a good place for families as the food is inexpensive and the service is good.
The only thing I liked about this club were the decorations.  As for the dance floor, or lack thereof, there is absolutely no where to dance.  Expect to be packed like sardines and have drinks spilled on you.  If they could somehow make the dance floor bigger I'd come back but in the mean time...no thank you!
I love that this place has free range chicken eggs in all of their dishes. My breakfast was delicious. They played good music too. The reason they didn't get 5 stars from me is because it's so loud in there because, unfortunately, like many other restaurants in Phoenix, they have a concrete floor.
Thursday night's Salsa is awesome! I love it! Group classes at 9:30 and the party gets good at 10:30. See you there!
Customer service is so bad I bought a prescription from one store my doctor gave me a discount card to save money they said I had to go all the way cross town to get the discount because that is were I bought it Walmart would never do that and manager was so mean did not care at all
I've lived in se Asia for 20 years, some of that in Thailand and have tried most the thai spots that Arizona had to offer.   Hands down this thai basil is the best and very authentic.
This used to be one of my favorite fun dinner spots. They just changed the menu and the food is awful!  So sad!  I'll never go back!
Love having a few cocktails and playing video poker in the main bar. Easy parking on level 3 of garage.  Doors lead right from 3rd floor parking into the casino.\n*** WARNING *** The coffee drinks are extremely hot!
love the paris
Nice alternative from most Vegas attractions and a good way to kill the afternoon if you're not hungover. Not appropriate for all ages, obviously. Definitely gruesome in some parts. The Valentine's Day Massacre display was pretty intense. Museum itself seemed like new.
This place looked so fun from the outside!  Too bad the food is disgusting and the place is filthy.  Just for the record, I am not a Jamaican food expert by any standard but I know when something is disgusting.  Will not be back.
being a vegetarian I didn't think I would ever get a chance to try pho.  This place has blown me away and its now my go to place whenever I don't feel like slaving over a hot stove.  Their peanut sauce is delicious with the spring rolls, and I'm never disappointed  with my order.
I have watched UFC pay per views here a few times. Not an awesome venue, very adequate. There are is lots of seating and there are several  television screens on all walls.
Good guys. Just ask for Stu and he'll take care of you. I've used them for several clients already (restaurant, construction) and not a problem. They let you know how long it takes and they've always hit the mark for me.
The food here stinks! I will never go back again! Don't waste your time and money there are other restaurants with better quality food!
I love this place, I went for my birthday and i had the frozen hot chocolate with whip cream and oreos so delicious
I will definitely be coming back for years to come. This was the best experience I've had getting my taxes done the last 4 years. David thinks fast and works thoroughly while asking good questions.
Awesome place, cute girl bartender, cold beer, what else do you need! Yelp special is $1 dollar for a pint and FourSqaure special has a 25 cent pint special, nice!!!
Looking for a quick late night spot? This place does personal pizzas for $12 with unlimited toppings (you can split between 2 people). They are cooked on a thin dough almost like a tortilla. Which means it cooks quickly and has a nice crispy crunch!
Service is lacking to say the least.  There is literally one other couple in here and after 10 minutes we have water.  I guess that is why they need to offer groupons to get customers in here.  Live and learn.
Gas station that has a McDonalds and is right off Centennials Auto Dealer row.  There are a large amount of pumps and the inside is kept clean. Not a bad place to stop if your close by, they offer Chevron gasoline.
Service sucks here especially the front desk manager (Hernandez). She made me wait over two hours for a phone charger I had left behind. Food was good, but the place is way off the strip. Luckily, I only stayed here one night.
My first and last time there. Ordered my burger and fries and sat down. By the time I got the aluminum off the bread had got soggy and tasted pretty plain. Just ate the meat, The fries were good though.
There are 3 dior homme stores in the US - Beverly Hills, Vegas, and NYC. This store is better than the Beverly Hills store because they have more selection when sales come around while all the good stuff is snatched up at the Beverly Hills location. The store is bigger than LA and its a bit more laid back.
The food and service here are both great.  Any dish you get will be unique and flavorful.  My favorite is the chicken vindaloo.  Be careful the vindaloo is extremely spicy.  They also have a fairly extensive lunch buffet worth checking out.
The service here always sucks. I think old ladies who are rejected as casino waitresses go here to die.  Most of the food is mediocre and meant to be eaten when you are wasted.  That being said, the stuffed baked potatoes are awesome.  And they always cook hashbrowns perfectly.
It's Holly Madison. If you are already a fan (as I am),  it is an entertaining show. She is not known for her singing or acting ability so watch something else if that's what you want. Josh is amazing. The dancers and other singers are talented. It's a cheeky show...enjoy!
A Taco Bell is a Taco Bell is a Taco Bell. Or is it?  This location is a favorite. It's close by. They are consistent. They are quick. I love me anything volcano. I wish they had the pizza hut with it.
The theater is small and the sound was fine but the seating is very tight. It is ridiculously difficult to get down the aisle to go to the bathroom if need be. The theater staff was pleasant and friendly. Be sure to empty your bladder before you go in!
Courtney did a great job styling my daughter's hair on very short notice. Courtney did just what she wanted and she was quite pleased at a reasonable price.
I've seen first hand the work and quality Puddle Jumper Pool Service has performed and it's top notch! Why go with a corporation and be just another dollar bill when you can have great personal attention from a family owned and run business?! Give them a call, you won't be sorry!
Liked how when they brought the food they brought a tray of the ketchups to choose from. Employees aren't that nice and don't really look like they are enjoy their time working there. Place is dirty and really outdated from the hard wood spinning chairs. Like how they have hand sanitizer though.
If you're from Pittsburgh, you better be a fan. Otherwise, prepare to be perpetually ostracized. \n\nGet the corned beef. Or the pastrami. Hell, everything is good.
Nice course. Definitely over priced. Fairways are wide. Rough is generous. Greens are very challenging but well cared for. Staff is nice too.
I like the fact that they clean your fish and fry it to your liking. The fish use to be better quality, its a hit or miss nowadays, ten years ago was a different story, good stuff back then!
I love the food!  My husband and I first tried Korean food in Ann Arbor, MI and became huge fans.  We were thrilled to have a Korean restaurant open a few blocks from my office.  I have had lunch, dinner and take out and enjoyed it all.  Plus, the staff is so sweet and helpful!
Food is great, prices are great, and the staff is great!!  Couldn't ask for more.  Will be back soon!!
Room cleanliness was just ok. Carpet edges were quite dirty.\nThere was a lot of old and fresh dog poop everywhere in the court yards and landscaping. The elevator was filthy. We will never stay there again.
Had Dr. Hartzfeld and she was GREAT! I LOVED her! Always left happy after my appointments with her! She delivered my baby boy and it went smooth and fast! I would definitely see her again when I am pregnant with my second baby!
Really good food.  Their pizza, chicken parm and spaghetti with meatballs are favorites.  There's often a wait but good things are worth waiting for.  Really large portions, usually good service, casual fun atmosphere.  Also a fan of their garlic bread.
For a spot that boasts good food n hip atmosphere their closing hours are a downer. Who closes at midnight in Vegas. Come on man
Great selections of beer from the local micro brewery.  I only wish I had more time to eat. The menu offers a good selection of better than average airport food. Decent prices without gouging the travellers. Much appreciate the fast service, knowledgable staff, and beer descriptions.
This place is great!  I have a flock of chickens and they need food.  Tempe Feed and Tack is close to my house (of course! I live in tempe...) and the people are super helpful and friendly.  They always load up the 50lb bags of feed and I never have to wait.
Excellent skewers at reasonable price. Ordered 15 piece combo and a few sided orders, enough to feed 2 adults and one child.
The carne asade here is cooked right, carne asada should not be the consistency of beef jerky and they know that here.  They also have a drive-thru.
Host practically sleeping at the stand. It took him a minute to process our request \"table for 2.\" There are several large groups here which has stolen our server's time and attention. Food was fine. Sweet potato fries awesome. Seafood Linguini was not too impressive....snooze
Indisputably the best mix of atmosphere, food and drink I ever experienced in the Pittsburgh area. Breakfast, lunch or dinner; it's all wonderful!
I think the small business is running a well oiled restaurant. The staff is cool. Wish there were some more things to eat while im waiting for my food
A great \"local\" pub with friendly staff.  Most nights have live music.  The food menu isnt bad, but wish they had a few more healthy options.
The atmosphere is great! The service was also great, however the food really left more to be desired.  I felt the food really was not very good and it was rather cold and overpriced. We went in for brunch and left disappointed. The gumbo was very bland and the portions and incredibly small for the price.
Went during a ufc fight.  Fight is free no cover.  Drink are extremely expensive and not strong.  They have a couple bj tables in there.  Don't know about the food.  Wouldn't recommend you come here for drinks
Must visit if your in downtown Montreal! Atmosphere is welcoming. Music is good and upstairs has outdoor lounging. The only problem is the bar gets very crowded as well as the dance floor which makes it difficult to maneuver because the people don't move for shit
Will be tough to find another steak on the Strip .... That isn't a better value than their...  Uh... Strip.
Terrible service, waited forever for our food.  Food was mediocre....definitely not worth the high prices for a hamburger.  The finale was the waitress screwing up the bill.  Most likely, will never come back to this place or would recommend it to friends.
I went there for the lunch deals only, but I can't say I'm impressed with the food. Service there is really nice and their lunch portions are filling, but their pasta is very overcooked. It's also a bit dark inside the place, but it's nice and quiet for the most part.
It doesn't get any better than this!  Hands down the best Thai food I've ever had, and It was ordered as a \"to go\". I cannot say enough about the quality of Z's food.
Always stop here in MGM on the way to a UFC card. More expensive then Fat Tuesday but the tickled pink is amazing!
great hot dogs and great service! if you want some real sonoran style hot dogs make sure you eat here!
Terrible. Wait time for a shuttle was 2hrs+, travel time to the track was 2hrs+, and they never came and picked up all the people they left at the show. Never buy anything associated with this company.
Has both breakfast and dinner here. Fair range of menu items and food is fine. Service is a little haphazard although staff are friendly. Seats over 800 but luckily for us, not busy the times we were there. The greeters are less than friendly and happy for customers to wait while they finish their conversation.
I like the atmosphere~ had a great smoked salmon sandwich.  Ordered a 'cold press' coffee and was served a regular brewed coffee which had been iced.  Although I was clear about the process in which a cold brew is made, it is not what I was given.  Oh well . . .
Ridiculously convenient and well-priced.  I would order a taxi after having a few too many drinkies and needed a ride home.  Your drivers were always kind and on time.  Best in Scottsdale.
Love me some $5 burgers. And the wine selection is great
This place has really good Thai food, the service can be hit or miss but the food is almost always good! It's also pretty reasonably priced for what you get.
Food was crap. Everything tasted the same. Like they have one universal sauce. Service was decent. Won ton soup suckd. Broth with one won ton. No vegetables. Wont eat here again
The most disappointing rainforest I have been to. Service was ok. Food was awful. \nMy meat was stiff. The chicke. We ordered tasted frozen.
I enjoy this place everytime I go in there. Its family owned and has consistently good food. Large soda selection with  awesome crab rangoon. My favorite dish is the Happy family which has beef, pork, chicken, crab, and veggies in brown sauce.
f, there is such a thing as too much Vegas. Too much gambling, too much heat, too much walking around in a sugary drink-induced haze, listening to the hum of the casino floor....
Brunch for $18.50. The food, especially is Crab Leg and Shrimp, will worth the price. The salad bar is awesome thought I haven't try. Just go to the RAW BAR and have the crab and shrimp!!
Excellent food and impeccable service. The menu is fairly limited but there is a huge wine list. If the weather is nice, grab a table outside for an amazing view of the 18th green of the resorts course.   Extremely pricey!
Been here 3 times. Check in online waited no more than 5 min. The girls in the front desk are always smiling. One of my kids got a laceration in his forehead and instead of sending me to er PA Joseph took care of my son. Pa Joseph is amazing he explained everythin...\"
rooms were small and crappy. shower was cold, and dirty, blanket was thin. not so great place. casino was cool though.
Did not have a crowd to feed today, just myself so I decided to order a meatball calzone.  Crust was delicious, loaded with lots of cheese. Only complaint is the meatballs were slightly cold and only in the center otherwise it was outstanding. Also ordered 3 cannolis, they were fresh and awesome. Once again, highly recommend.
When we asked for onions, the waiter took very long to come by and gave it after we finished our meals, so there was no point. Not to mention, we found hair in the pho bowl...\nOverall, bad customer service, the waiters are also young.
Went to the Model UN conference here a couple of weeks ago. I really dig the living room area of the rooms. The swans were weird. The hotel in general was weird. Very clean.
If your hungry & broke like I was this is your spot!!! Get the prime rib, why not its 10 bucks!!!
I went in first time experiencing very rude service by one female staff.There is simply no knowledge of serving customers in her with very harsh language, arrogant attitude and improper language etc. it's better the owner train their staffs to be more friendly customer oriented.
Came in with a coupon for an oil change. I was told they were out of conventional oil. I suspect they say that to anyone with a coupon. I felt cheated. I went next door to Jiffy Lube and had a great experience.
My husband and I went here because we read great reviews but it was horrible. The beer was bad and the burgers were horrible. Won't recommend this place. Never coming back for sure
Shocked this place has 4 stars. First off you can always tell if a Mexican food place is good based on the beans and the salsa. Well guess what both suck! Eat at el molino's and you will never come here again!
We loved Sushi Samba food was great the bartenders recommendation was on point!!!! Mari & Megan are a great team ... Great experience also Isabella was awesome!!!!
Just not a very good foot doctor. I have written about two others that I have visited and this one \" just takes the cake\" rude, expensive didn't listen and just wanted to cut! Don't Go!
Tried this place for the first time with some friends in a Friday evening and really enjoyed it.  Friendly staff,  nice feel,  and the chai tea latte was yummy.
Very nice coffee and staff. Easy in English and cool music. Good A/C during heat-wave. Yes come and enjoy the vibe....
Good breakfast, cute decor. The breakfast options are very good and the prices are reasonable. The service was not bad either. When I am in town I would come back here for breakfast.
BBQ chicken pizza was a generous size and had a good tangy flavour. Service while sitting at the bar was friendly and quick. Beer sampler was inexpensive and allowed you to range across all of their brews.
I just bought there honey at Costco, and it's delicious! I love the flavor of it, especially on plain yogurt. I will definitely purchase again. Thanks  Crockett Honey!
Great place! Hang out there all the time! Great coffee and food. I really can't sell it in words, you just have to try it!
Have been a customer for a long time.  They take good care of me.
I will de decently recommend this place..
Love the food here. Things I have never liked are delicious here. A good example is Chow mein. I generally hate it, except here. Also, my wife hates mushrooms, but loves the Basil Shitake Mushroom. Plus, their lunch menu is extensive, and everything is delicious at a very low price.
Not good. We order many dishes and the only one that was somewhat authentic was the red curry. But even that was not great. The duck dish was terrible, even the pad thai was not good--the noodles were way overcooked as was the chicken. Would not go back again.
Food and service decent,but I m not hip on smokers, smoking  a few feet from my meal, sorry I will not be going back. But it does have a nice fireplace and outdoor feeling inside ..
Love this place! It's so hard to find Chili mint chicken in town, let alone done right. I love that this place offers it in fried rice form and with the option of ground chicken. The portions good sized and the food is very flavorful. Can't go wrong with the lunch specials!
NY-NY is a huge hotel. Just like all the other casino/hotels next to each other. Although this hotel is nice, there is nothing really that stood out to me. I would come and stay here as well.
The modern shopping and great location, I had lunch a few days days in this mall and always liked your options. Has several well known stores worldwide.
My kids wanted to rate this a 5, but this is the  first Japanese place they have been to.  The waitress was a shrew, and I never rate on service - just food.  Everyone else liked their food but they screwed up mine.
One of the worst movie theaters in town. The employees are pretty brisk and rude. The seats are so uncomfortable and the auditoriums are often left uncleaned. On top of that, they really are packed sometimes and make the unwise decision of placing popular hits in awkward barely THX rooms
My trainer works here and I work out here once in a while with him. It's really a great facility. Can get a little short on space during the normal peak hours but it is a very versatile gym that has everything any type of workout program would call for.
Just had to give our drive thru order 3 times to the same person! Yes, 3 times. Contacts if you want my receipt number. I'll drive to one farther for basic competence.
This place is great the lobster truffle Mac and cheese is the business and the shakes mmm.  I like the Nom nom burger with a fried egg and sweet potato fries
You know all the stereotypes you have about Walmart?  This location reaffirms all of them.  I'm glad to see it's being renovated.  Until that's complete, I recommend staying as far away from this Walmart as possible.
1.  burned and cold appetizers\n2.  absolutely bland and almost tasteless vegetables drenched in oil\n3.  burned dessert (gulab jaman)\n4.  very slow service\n5.  dirty and hot
Went with a  party of 10, went family style and two hours later still no entree.  Manager  understood the frustration, and said server was new.   Manager comped the bill, but didn't eat the food after two hours.  Waste of my time, and the restaurants supposed service.  Disappointing in both expectation and execution.
Queso fundido, enchiladas , and guacamole all awesome. By far one of the best margaritas I have ever had. Prickly Pear was awesome!!
For my fellow Laotians looking for authenic food, this place is a must! This is my go-to place when I don't feel like cooking :) I've tried most of the items on the menu and everything has been good so far. I have recommended this place to all my friends and family too!
Fantastic spot - DJ was great.  Crowd was friendly and was an amazing spot to cool off in the heat!!    FYI it's free for locals.
Do not use this cleaner.  Quality is poor. They ruined three shirts of mine, tore two of them and shrunk another down. Refused to replace them or compensate me for the loss. They do not stand by their mistakes.
It's so great to have a pizzeria that serves pizzas with vegan cheese so close by! This is a fantastic place to order a pizza if you're vegan. The guy who took my order and made my pizza was very nice, helpful, and he even gave me a discount! I will definitely be returning here again.
Their service is the best.\nTheir staffs are  very attentive and good energy.\nFood is very fresh and delicious.\nQuite clean.\nSeems Surfer friendly.\nWe love to come here with my kids.\nKids loves the kids menu.
The O is known for their sarcastic staff and their fries and hotdogs. I also love their veggie subs and portabella burger. I owe all my \"freshmen 15\" to the O.
Usually I equate healthy food being bland, but Presto Cafe has some of the best tasting food anywhere.  I travel a lot and eat at a lot of different places, again their food is healthy and awesome.
Took my car in today without an appt.  They were very helpful and had the brakes and drive belt replaced within a couple of hours.  Free wifi in the waiting room was a definite bonus.  I would def take my car here again.
Service is awesome!! Great food, decent beer selection and rad place to catch good music or drag queen bingo  this place has a good night on lock down !!
I loved the environment, and the staff was incredible.  \n\nthe food wasn't amazing.. just .. good.\nand the cost didn't justify what was on my plate.
Nice hotel.  Reasonably priced and away from the chaos of the strip and downtown.  I really liked it.
Ya this place is cool because its at the bellagio but its way expensive.. we had 7 people and $500 later and several dishes later.. everyone was still hungry but we did not want to spend any more $ on food the portion size for an aunt.
Amazing BBQ, I had the BBQ chicken wrap. It was very good, but that alone wouldn't get me back. Its all about the greens! Best collard greens I've ever had. Place is small, but part of the charm. Definitely worth the visit!
Service was fast and prompt however we all left feeling the food was nothing special potatoes were cold and I am not sure if the omelets were actually cooked in house tasted premade and warmed up in a microwave. I had a professional chef with me and he agreed, there were no skillet cook marks on it and it seemed rubbery
Birthday dinner last night. Amazing food and Service!  Thanks for the fun with the table behind us. Your the best.!
I found this place while hungry ad driving down Cave creek road. I ordered the Pad Thai for lunch.... Fantastic!
Just a note that this place appears to be closed- went by with a friend who loved this place, and there was a stack of old newspapers by the door and it was all locked up at lunch and stayed that way our entire trip. :(\nReally bummed, since I'd heard great things.
It was hot and humid inside and the communal bar top seating may it awkward to catch up with friends on a Sunday afternoon. The food was alright, but I will try another place before I return to Rehab for a burger fix.
Probably the best yogurt place I've been to. The yogurt was awesome and the toppings were even better! :)
On my 7th visit here for Monday night food ball. The service is very slow. Wait time for food is almost the same to get your check. Only reason me and my friends still visit is because of it convenience and happy hour.
It all tasted the way a $6.99 buffet would taste. So...I can't really complain lol. But not coming back.
Love this self serve fro yo joint. Yummy flavored and toppings, punch cards for free fro yo.  Staff is generally friendly and helpful... Can't get any better!
To be fair all I had was a couple of beers waiting for a connecting flight.  The menu looked interesting and there were certainly many tequila varieties for sampling.  From what I've heard though the food leaves a bit to be desired.  I travel a fair bit so next time I'll try the food and get back to this one.
Great sports bar, great brunch food on Saturdays. Good at handling large parties. Our server was a little slow, but otherwise food and drinks were delicious. Not great drink specials on Saturday afternoon, but the food made up for it.
Great ambiance.  Heirloom tomato salad appetizer was perfect way to start.  Steak was perfectly cooked and superb flavor.  Desert was delicious.  Not a cheap place, but worth it.
Had a blast herr the other day with my coworkers. The salin was clean anf eveykne was super friendly, will be coming back soon.
Our server was very good! The Mac n cheese was fantastic!! I would asking recommend the shrimp diablo! We had the bananas foster was good!
I only come in here for a few things, it's an older walmart, there is just a few aisles of food and its total junk food, it's not a super center. I like this location because its rarely crowded, but I don't go here alone or at night.
The rooms are very nice.  The staff is down-to-earth and very accommodating.  The location is great, if you are hanging out in the Scottsdale area.  The lounge is pleasant and the bartenders are great.  \n\nThe food's not very good.
Boom Susan!!! This place is solid. Ordered up 2 poached eggs extra crispy bacon, hash browns and toast. Everything was cooked perfect and the service was on point. Only complaint is that it's a little pricey but then again you get what you pay for.
had a good time
I love this place. Meats and spices and veggies, all cooked how I like them. I often do gluten free, and often feel picky and stingy when asking servers to alter stuff and its nice having it my way from the get go.
Tim Hortons is the epitome of Canadian mediocrity. This coffee doesn't taste much like coffee.... Why do I still go here?
Literally my favorite fro-yo spot! It's so colorful and employees are always friendly. Plus, you can pick your flavors/toppings which is fantastic for a fickle person like me! I never get the same concoction twice!
I have no idea what is going on here.  Go somewhere else for you veggie/vegan needs.  This place seemed promising, too.
Based on my last and only experience, this place is the bomb! You get an array of freshly made sushi's.  They even got hot stir-fry items, green tea ice cream and chocolate fountains! I would go back!
Extremely tasty place for frozen yogurt! Great flavors and great toppings cover almost any type of sweet tooth that you might have. Was easy to walk up and grab a cup, choose my flavor(s) and toppings, pay and be on my way! Great neighborhood yogurt shop, I will definitely be back!
St James Shopping Centre could definitely have better shops.  There are parts that feels a little down market and chavvy ... but then probably something to do with being an indoor shopping centre.\n\nJohn Lewis is the star attraction, all the other shops are general high street fare.
The first time I ever tried Italian ice cream, and at first it tastes weird but then your taste buds love it!  \n\nThe prices are horrible though! Small little cup for like eight bucks! I could have gotten a giant milkshake somewhere for that price.
Best place  for anything to host 10 stars if i could great people i go all the way to this  one because of their service
Truly excellent Thai food.  We walked passed 2 other Thai restaurants en route to this one based on the reviews promising delicious authentic dishes.  I'm glad we did - the ladies working there are so sweet, the atmosphere is funky and welcoming, and we cleaned our plates.  May head back here for Round 2 before we leave town tomorrow.
This is such a great park to go for a run/jog! I used to be able to just go here right out of my back yard so it was really convenient. I've seen some really beautiful sunsets running through here and I really miss that about this place.
Price is too high for what you get. The food is mediocre , the employees are rude, the manager was leaning on the salad bar talking on his cell phone. \nSteak was tough, fish was dry and selection very limited. \nSave your money and spend a few bucks more and go elsewhere.
I had a business meeting here in the middle of the afternoon.  The staff was very accommodating and kept our beverages full while we worked away! The food was pretty good.  There chips are extra yummy.   It was very cold in the building and that was tough because it was freezing cold day outside.  I would return.
Wow. This was a waste of time. It seemed that they wanted to teach about a couple of habitats and be a zoo but they didn't have enough funds to realize the objective. There are a few animals and some displays about habitats, but we found this to be really disappointing.
I wasn't a huge fan at first. I guess I wasn't overwhelmed with the menu options. The first thing I ever got was some garlic pasta dish and it was alright, but when I decided to retry the place I made my own dish and started becoming a fan. It's quick easy and somewhat affordable.
The best part, though, is the homemade Mexican food that's served at lunchtime every day, or at least every weekday.  On Thursdays they have a barbeque outdoors as well.
Lovely, small theater. Anywhere you sit is a good seat.
Best gaming casino in Las Vegas even though its bit to drive but it was worthed.  Place have tons of machine and dining is not do expensive
Perfection! Home visits are the best. I can dry at home with no worries. It smells great, looks amazing and she customizes to your desires. I am a fake bake aholic and this is by far the best.
I have been here many times and I always get a good customer service! \nFree wifi and affordable drinks?! Sure.
Went here with a buddy and had a blast. Not much experience shooting guns but the staff was extremely helpful and knowledgeable.
would never stay here again! they started out like a nice place. but as the weekend went on they got worst. also had some friends get there stuff stolen. most likely had to be someone that worked there and knew you could open the windows from the outside. no locks on the windows.
A very nice seafood dinner for my family. My wife loved the Frutti di Mare linguini, my six year old loved my leek soup and tilefish, especially the garlicky spinach and potato salad, and I enjoyed what she left me. Nice wine selection, and excellent bread. Definitely a repeater.
another great standby - large menu, HUGE portions, typically not crazy crowded.  more of a family feel.  they give kids the cutests pre-meal plate, with a few different snacks on it.
Dr. Hoban and her staff are great! Dr. Hoban took her time to answer any questions or concerns I had. She even called us after my daughter had some work done to make sure she was feeling ok. For sure lucked out on finding a great dentist for my kiddos.
great show. well paced, lots of variation of music.
Meh.\nIt's okay for the weather.\nEverything else sucks though.\nThe inhabitants are anti social dicks.\nFor some unknown reason they think they're so cosmopolitan.\nIt's amazingly tragic and sad.
Westgate has an interesting selection of shops, but its never had much of any sort of vibe. Since the movie theatre closed a number of years back, it's really slowed the pace of the whole building.
Awesome place. Really fun crowd. Had fun for ASU game days. Benny Benassi was unreal there... Highly recommend
Steak Shawarma - pretty tasty, and great if your in the area.. This location is VERY clean, which isnt normal for most mediteranian places,, just saying, :p\n\n\nWill be back but not an out of the way food trip,,
Quick, friendly service.  Best Chase branch i have been to as of yet.  I had trouble cashing a check at another Chase. I come here and they cash it for me in under 2 minutes!  Great job ladies!
Friendly service. However, I have brought several watches in for battery replacements and the batteries consistently need to be replaced  within 6 months. I do not come here anymore
Only reviewing the drinks here- expensive and the margarita tasted like there wasn't any tequila in it. Will definitely not be back.
The food and drinks are blah, but the service is always great! Happy hour and trivia are always fun at Skip & Jan's.
Close to home which deserves an A++\nAwesome location & atmosphere, courteous caring enthusiastic staff!! \nHighly recommended!!! \nDon't hesitate make that eye appointment now with iFocus!!!
I've had a hard time finding someone who can cut and style my 11-year-old boy's long hair.  Lori did a great job! My son was very comfortable with her and already said he wants to go back to her next time.  Thank you!!!
The most underwhelming sushi I've ever had. After being sold on the place by the hotel \"concierge\" as a romantic setting with great sushi, we found neither! Disappointing to say the least.
New Zealand Cafe is the best sushi place in Charlotte, hands down! Especially for the price. It may be small and not as trendy as Nikkos (which I love as well), but it constantly delivers!
It is typical bar & grill food. Obviously, most of the people are there for the \"atmosphere\" rather than the food. The staff is lazy and fools around a lot. The food is hit or miss. Only bother eating there on weekdays when they have specials otherwise it is really pricey for mediocre food.
When I saw this restaurant featured on diners, drive ins, and dives, it looked like the most amazing fish taco I could ever eat...it was good but just ok, I was def let down
BEAUTIFUL views of the Grayhawk Talon golf course! Come at sunset if you can and enjoy the sunset over a cocktail or beer/glass of wine. Good service and people watching scene. Haven't eaten here but food looks decent!
Crepes are utterly fabulous!
Really liked this place! The food was great and the servers were friendly... If you can, find your way here!
omg! the rudest servers ever!! 2 of them! hostess wasnt nice either! food not good! guy waiter was sooooooo rude!! i've never ever had so bad service in my life!
Had lunch at Famous Dave's.\n\nWorst ever!\n\nWaited half an hour to get the food. Brisket was nothing but uncooked fat.\n\nWon't be back.
It's Little Caesars, so it's nothing extra special. Off to the side on Guadalupe, the place is at least filled with friendly staff, and they are quick with the orders.
this is a great place to get primed up before a D-BACKS game!!  good vibe and loud music!!
Great BBQ plate, amazing slaw on burger. So glad I found this place right near my house.
Stop on the largest motorcycle ride of the year and they only had 2 bartenders for 1000 plus Bikers.  Won't be back.
Seeing Dr. Coury today at his new Gilbert Clinic was very encouraging. Thank you Doctor for taking care of all my health issues. Ladies and Gentlement may I present Dr. Pete Coury. An excellent choice for a primary care doctor.
Good food, good service. Pretty standard.
Love this place. Great selection, of burgers and fries. Sign up for their special offers.
Seriously is it bad that the only thing I remember is the bomb clam chowder? Everything else was a blur of decent buffet food. Deserts were okay too. Cotton candy was great. But how can you mess up sugar?
The burgers are as good as one could hope for the price and the setting sure makes for good conversation. I like the fact that it's not a chain fast food place, but its missing some beer variety (i.e. other than Molson/Labbatt) and the fries could really be improved.
Ahm... Didnt like this place at all, the environment was horrible, my fill and paint was an entire botch job! \nNEVER AGAIN
The menu has changed most of the items are no loner available. No more fried s'mores. Maybe 3 desserts are left on the menu. Prices seem higher for much less food options. Huge dissappointment. As a local excited to try this place I am sad to say I will not be going back.
Disappointed with the way management handled my returns. They would not accept returns from the Goodyear store in order to honor a coupon I had just received in the mail. I had spent over $1000 in 2 days there. You would think they would try to accommodate me.
I like their queen creek location better as far as space, set up and friendlier staff but the food was delicious. I recommend the pollo fundito
There is NO WAY to contact a human for customer support. I missed my flight and tried to get someone on the line to see if I could get a credit. After 45 minutes I gave up. There is simply no way to talk to anyone in the company. $400 down the drain. I will never fly them again, ever.
The yogurt flavors were true to the description and the toppings were meat and clean. I appreciate the dairy free options too!
Wow BEST biscuits and gravy ever!  They also have dinner and a movie in wed and Saturday nights. go check it out
This is my favorite cover-less bar in Las Vegas. It can get pretty crowded on the weekends and the music is always good. Also, the servers are cool and will look out for you every time. When you don't feel like getting in line... head on over..
Absolutely one of our favorite spots.
For a fast food chain restaurant, this location does it right.  Fast, friendly service, they always get my order right, and its filling food at a super economical price.
Dunkin donut + baskin robbins = win. Friendly staff cheerfully took my coffee order. Coffee came w free syrup! No extra charge like st@rbux. :-)
The atmosphere is nice. The service is always the best. And the food is to die for. Excellent A+++
A lot has changed and this place is less of a sports bar and more of a biker bar. Food is still bad, service sucks and is'nt worth a visit.
Lechon belly is sooooooo good ! must try! it's the best ! :)
Expensive. 50 bucks for two people, one kid, one drink. Food was OK, but not spectacular. Margarita slightly sickly sweet. Bagged chips. Peasant tacos were good, but oddly greasy.
There is nothing better to me than going to Carolina's on a Saturday morning and getting a Oaxaca Special Burrito for breakfast.  Excellent every single time.
The plane is average like any other plane you ride on. They take the longer route home than any other airline though. But United does have t.v. and its a little more roomier than southwest and virgin, just not as fancy and entertaining as Virgin america. other than that this airline gets an average with me at 3 stars.
Very inexpensive and convenient from work.  When entering the establishment, it feels a little crowded with all their food popping right at you.  \n\nYou want cheap groceries, this is the palce to go to.
The food is good here as long as you manage your expectations. Nothing real creative and pretty much the same Sonoran Mexican dishes you get pretty much everywhere else. The staff are usually very young and need to work on their people skills. Having said that, the food has never disappointed me.
Great nem nuong, just like Brodard in Cali.  Service is also very good, always made sure my water was full.
The service is always very fast for refills and everything else. Great choice
This some really bland Mexican food... Reminds me of a tex mex version of chi chis. The setting is nice..a little upscale - good service - but the food is just 'ehh..'.
Chive dumplings were ok. Fried rice was bland and too greasy, beef stew was alright, and the chicken ginger noodle soup was very bland and chicken was too dry.
A nice place to chill out between errands. They have free Wi-Fi. You get 10% off if you show your Fb check-in. Good milk teas, Taiwanese dishes& good service.
Chilean sea bass - hmmmmmmmmmmmm.\n\nI didn't pay, so nfi about the $$$\n\nattentive, friendly service.\n\nI'd go again, even if I had to pay!
Great Packers game day at The High Noon Saloon. Tatum makes the best old fashioneds on planet earth!
Very cute place with a great patio, but be warned that the food is really spicy! I enjoy hot food but this was borderline unedible. Margaritas were good and decor is fun and festive. Service was great and exchanged my extra spicy food without issue.
Great selection, my husband is the cook in our family and is obsessed with the fantastic selection of olive oils. This means I get to try some tasty dishes and sample some of the wonderful oils this shop has to offer.
This place was so good I ordered seconds.  After waiting for the pizza I ended up missing my plane!  Doesn't matter food was so good I didn't care.  5 stars.
Delicious, good service, one of our favorites places to eat.\n\nHighly recommend the sesame tofu - it is some of the best tofu I've ever had at a restaurant.
I was a regular at Nam's till they started decreasing their portion size for the same price.  K23 which was the beef pepper steak with rice is my favorite!!!  But this place does not appreciate customer loyalty, so please don't bother going there.
GREAT coffee, horrendously slow service with other employees not interested in helping knock down the line. If you are just getting coffee, hit the drive-thru - you'll be less frustrated.
Excellent location, especially if you are headed to a hockey game.  The food is okay.  Not a favorite place of mine, but it can sometimes come in handy.  The restaurant is owned by Duquesne University and it is managed by foodservice giant Aramark, so it's no wonder this place often reminds me of a college cafeteria.
Food was great! Service not really friendly. Bathrooms were horrid. The stars is based on the overall. I would just order take out from here.
Very professional and very eager to please. They took the time to make sure I understood exactly how to take my medication and how to store it. Very easy to get in and out of here - unlike the games Walgreen's and CVS play to get you to buy more crap!
Being Hispanic & knowing what this food should taste like, you have a better chance of getting more authentic at Taco Bell. The food is awful, tastes NOTHING like Mexican food. So tasteless, definitely different from my first visit but that was on the eastside of Vegas so that might be why.
This only got three stars because I wasnt impressed by the rooms and location of the hotel. Compared to other hotels in vegas (minus the circus circus because I have no idea who would want to stay at the creepy place) it wasn't great. But it was cheap so I guess you get what you pay for.
Everything is delicious! Flavorful, quick.  And with friendly service. The tacos and the peach lemonade are my lunch recommendation. The Stand just does it right!
This place was highly recommended and it was as good as all the reviews.  We had appetizers, dinner, dessert, and drinks here and everything was well worth it.  I loved the sweet corn ravioli.
This is circus in the 21st Century: an atmospheric visual orgasm with a distinctively surreal french feel.  Its really spectacular.
Been a member for 2 years now and I like it. There are some improvements they do need to make like the WIFI sucks. At least they got new treadmills since they were all constantly breaking. They need to have more classes early morning. But love the staff.
The only reason for 2 stars is because I like their food. Service was slow and the employees would step away from the register for several minutes at a time before taking orders. When their was a problem with a customer there was a scramble to try to fix it and a lot of confusion. Would recommend different Wendy's locations over this one.
Been here a few times.  I must say this is the best pizza we have found in the west valley.  We will be dinning here for a again for sure.
Love Love LOVE this church! Been going for a little over 2 years now and have met so many great people through here. The Pastor Riccardo is super friendly and his sermons are excellent!
My wife and I and another couple visited this place this past Tuesday and it was awesome. Not only was shooting the machine guns great but the staff was unbelievably nice and accommodating. Highly recommend visiting and try to shoot down the target return string like I did with the M249 SAW ;)
Happy hour 24-7... can't get better than that and they have a better sushi selection than RA sushi. I wish the place was bigger. They finally have gift cards and a Pearl Reviews point card  SCORE!
Things are everywhere.  Bad selection on home decorations and barely anything for the bathrooms.  OH well, need to go to the another Ross.
Love the spicy yellow tail, and my girlfriend loves whatever complicated roll she gets.
Love that this place is open late and we always make a pit stop here whenever out in Vegas especially after a long night out. They have the best truffle pizza I've ever tried. Their chocolate and espresso martinis are yummy as well.
The customer service has been really poor lately. From some checkout cashiers insisting on giving the receipt to others asking for receipt when you exit even with one bakery item to sloppily made \"made to order\" items, its just going downhill. It almost seems like they don't care about their customers.
I cant believe it took 1hr and 45min to get my food i was disappointed when i got my enchiladas only 4 or five pieces of meat. My first time vwry disappointed. I wanted red chile burrows all they had was green mostly beans
It's okay. it's nothing like San Francisco food .
Unfortunately this is the worst Starbucks that I have ever been to, yeah it's the one that is closest to my home.  Everytime I go here I have to deal with the rudest customer service people. They need a new hiring manager to straighten this out.
Very nice eatery....i felt under dress for this occasion....anywho co workers and i tried it. Their flatbread wasn' t bad...but i should have tried the Margarita one. Pot stickers wasn't too bad. Overall. It was good.
Awesome food--delicious!!! The staff is very friendly and prompt to fill water, replace bread! Definitely suggest!
stepped in for an ice cream, and i was happily surprised by the amazing quality. it was amazing.\n\nnice and quick service.
Great lounge, tasty drinks, and friendly staff.  What more do you need?  Oh, and you even get a couple complimentary dishes of chips and nuts to snack on!\n\nThis time, I hung out in the Parasol Up section.  Regardless, this makes for a great people watching venue!
The food is oily and expensive\n\nI think the prime reason why people come here is due to the location\nOtherwise, there are many better places in the plaza to eat.
Staff - friendly\n\nOnsite urgent care - good. \n\nprescription filling ability - awful.  Don't have a prescription filled here. They either 1) don't receive it all or 2)  get it wrong.  Seriously.  Don't.  It's not worth the headaches.
Can't beat a Nathan's hot dog. :-)  paid about $10.00 for a combo. Very good and split between two.
I wanted a free token of chocolate, so I just walked down the hallway and collected it from the woman at the end.  Done deal.
The typical chain restaurant. This is to Chinese what Olive Garden is to Italian. Except that Olive Garden is a better value for money. Ambience and service are very good. Food is okay. I wouldn't particularly recommend it for vegetarians.
Great Chinese food.  Probably the best in Phoenix area.  Try it for lunch and dinner.
The food was just okay to me. Wish they put more vegetables. The meat wasn't very well marinated. \n\nThe boss lady was not very nice. We order carry-out food, but then decide to sit down and eat. She then walk to us and told us we're not allow to do that.
The update is is because their robo calling the crap out of me! They will never leave you alone once they have your info in their system! (NOTE: the place was still super cheap for the room you got, *maybe* still worth it)
Great food but very disorganized wait staff in the front of house.....also manager doesn't know how to operate the register.....check your bill
This is as good as it gets. Best show on the strip hands down.
I had a nice experience here recently. The young lady,I think her name was Kara? gave me a great haircut. I will definitely go back to her. I've had my hair cut there once before by trixie.
Very nice owner. Did handgun transfer at the store. Also score a Colt Python during transfer. Will definitely buy again.
Saturday Dec. 6,2014, \nMy wife and I enjoyed your thick crust pizza.  As usual the pizza was outstanding, the service great.  All said it was a perfect dining experience.  We have been enjoying your pizza for many years, Our server was Suzanne, thanks to her and your staff.
Super horrible Indian restaurant to visit in Vegas. The food is too pricy. The lady over there was too harsh and service was pathetic. I would never recommend this place. \n\nI wished to give them a zero but there is no option.
Shrimp and crab salad: the shrimp was rubbery and not cleaned.  Mini mac & cheese: passable with a liberal dose of salt and pepper.   Dirty glasses and, with a nearly empty restaurant, it took too long to get it. The hawaiian ribeye that my husband ordered was fantastic, though, hence the two stars.
I don't have much to add on top of what others have said; it's a decent place if you're looking for this kind of quick, messy food. I like how you can get sandwiches with chicken instead of beef.
I really like this upscale store, reminds me a bit of Norstrom or Lord & Taillor stores in the US.   If you are looking for a gift for that special someone, this place will have it, but make sure you have room on your  credit card!
Energetic atmosphere and lots of different beers.  The music was good too- a nice variety on Saturday night. Karioke on Friday was a blast too.
Excellent espressos and coffee.  I love the toddy too.  Definitely would be nice if they had bigger pastry selection or something.  I get the roasted beans for use at home an their great.
This place is pretty genius. I had the Kobe beef with a fried egg on top, delicious. Be careful how you order your temp; med=med rare, med well =med, etc... Stellar beer selection!
Of course our air conditioning died when the temps are over 100.  Called and got an appointment pretty quickly.  The repair was done for much less than we expected and the staff was courteous.  We'll be back.
We had the spicy tuna bowl.  Very nice, but the tuna was not as spicy as many other places.\n\nWe will return here again, when we are staying in the area.
I would have to say one of the best oyster bars of all times. Have gotten better quality seafood here than in the south and nw. Always fun to watch them cook your combo pan roast in front of you.
Nothing to spectacular.  chicken sandwich was ok, not to flavorful. Only good thing was the bread was fresh and crispy. Also ordered a papaya boba tea. It was too sweet and the boba were not fresh but frozen. Wouldn't recommend to go here.
Mike does such a great job ! I haven't found any one that does my nails like Mike !
Hands down amazing sandwichs. Can't go wrong. Never heard of this place before but I'm coming back again.
Love Little Tokyo. Dedicated customers keep the place full all week long and on the weekends. If cleanliness is important to you, this is the restaurant you want. You could safely eat off the floors. Staff is friendly but unobtrusive. A definite favorite.
The restaurant was accommodating when we asked for the dinner menu at lunch. Steaks were outstanding the New York Strip bone-in was so tender and flavorful.
Excellent food, great atmosphere, great wine list... What can I say, I love this place.
Very strange. Perhaps it was an off night, but the burgers were barely edible. I guess this place is worth visiting for the kitsch value, or if you are a fan of the strange orange beverage (I'm not).
The food is tasty. But the fact that they don't take credit cards and that coffee refills are not free will keep me from going to this place very often.
Sushi rolls are ok, but not worth $18 to $22 per roll!  Unless you have the need to be \"seen' save your moola.
If you're looking for a quick bite to eat or something for the whole family to enjoy, come visit this little hole in the wall.
\"Healthy and delicious!\" This is our new favorite restaurant in awhatukee!  Loved all the appetizers, drinks, and entrees we have had so far!!
A must every time I go to Montreal. Come in, you'll be welcomed!
Very friendly great service food was good not great . Love the mom and pop atmosphere
This place is horrible. I can take a little bad service but the food sucks. Can't see how this place is still open. I rather go to Taco Bell across the street instead. Lol That's pretty bad.
Used to be a Verizon customer. Talked to Nate and he got me hooked up with T-Mobile. Saves me $60 a month and Nate did a really good job with all my questions. Great place with friendly people.
Why do I waste my time coming to this place? They NEVER have my size and their selections of colors and styles is horrible. If you're contemplating coming here save yourself a trip and just order from the web.
Great sandwhiches, A little expensive but at least you know you are getting a great tasting meal!
Of all the steakhouses in Vegas, this has got to be the worst. Service was ok, not the best. Price ranges from $20-
Wish there was a zero stars ... over complicated food ... ruining fish ... they refused to sub anything! !! Diet restrictions be dammed I guess.. never go here if u have ANY diet restrictions. ..
Oh the ways i could blow a whole paycheck in here. Well Stocked and knowledgeable staff. Lots of military items. Even Nazi Items in a display case, which is a part of history nice to gaze at. They have a nice selection of MRE's. My xmas shopping is now done.
Sales people were horrible in most stores and they wouldn't honor coupons that I bought at customer service. \n\nKatie was great at Max Studio.
I am weary of hot yoga (It is too easy to overstretch) and the classes here are definitely hot.  But for what it is, Amazing Yoga does a very good job.  I agree with the comments that the facilities could benefit from changing rooms (you'll need to change after going!)
I had the yellow curry which was amazing! I love the way the place is decorated and the atmosphere was exciting! The staff is very friendly! I will definitely be eating there more often!
Only been here a few times,  the food can be hit or miss.  Atmosphere is much more relaxed than pedros. Lots of choices and combos. I really likes the quesadilla, almost like a texmex grilled cheese!
This drive thru line is beyond insanely slow. If I could get out of line I would. I'm held hostage. I've listened to 4 songs in my CD already and I'm only third in line. Not worth the time wasted.
Went here for breakfast and ordered the Short Rib Hash and Ulitmate Steak & Eggs Sliders for my wife and I to share. The food was phenomal and the BEST breakfast I've ever had! A bit pricey at $20 per plate but absolutely worth it.
If your in the Nugget craving raw fish and you can not get to another spot in town this is fine.  Certainly not the best sushi I have eaten by a long stretch.  This is not budget sushi by a long shot.  We actually left hungry cause we didn't want to spend any more money.  Service was good.
I was told if going threw Pittsburgh... And was looking for a place to stop for lunch... That this is the place...
This was a great little find! The staff were lovely and the menu is expansive, but full of great options. Our food was delicious and the portions were perfect for the price.
How have more people not reviewed this place? It's a 20 minute trek from the lobby to the motel six looking room. DO NOT GO HERE.
Boyfriend and I wasn't impressed \nPho was decent \nBut the bun bo hue was very bland. I also had ask for a hot tea Togo and the guy said they don't do Togo hot teas? How interesting
Bad ass is missed! I just ordered a simple coffee, but I was given an extra over watered americano. I barely tasted the coffee. I will try a latte next time cuz it smelled like the espresso is good if ordered right... we will see
Stopped with my daughter for the first time in over a year. I will not return.  There were no correct orders coming out. The food was tasteless and no one had a clue.
Good steak good service just what you expect when you come here
went in there to get a bulb fixed came out with a broke headlight . as usual they put the blame as already being there but not the case . anyway took it somewhere else they fix the light that ALL EUROPEAN broke . also their conjoined with the business  that connects them by building
My family and I come here every time we come to Vegas. My family loves it. We find something new every time we go.  Lots of fun, if you bring your family to Vegas, its a must stop.
About the worst service you can imagine. Waitresses had no idea about 2 for 1 drink coupons being handed out in the Aria casino. Also, there are few tables but apparently this was too much for wait staff to handle. 3 tv screens were good.
I'm sitting in the lobby with my friend waiting for our other friends to finish because nothing here looks like food. It's all slimy-looking salads and gnarly soupish like concoctions. Gross.
Food overpriced for being mediocre. Customer service needs a lot of work also. They messed up my order and then tried to charge me a $1 \"re-plate\" fee. I won't be back.
Went there for dinner. Very good food, good beer also. I like when places have sampler platters for their beer. You could get anywhere from 4 to 10 4 oz beers as a sampler. We had their nachos with beef, a hamburger and the onion soup.
I love this place and all the barbers. They cut mine and all my friends hair and I've never heard of a bad hair cut from any of them. Highly recommended Mark, Omar and Rick, next time you're looking for a real barber.
This was a fun event in a gorgeous location. You have to get there early because they run out of many of the beers fast! As long as the weather's nice, I won't miss this event!
If you wanna wait for 25 mins at a drive thru.... YES 25 mins for a kids meal cheeseburger. Take a trip to the Jack In the Box on Tatum. What a nightmare!!!! Even crazier... I actually waited.
Too bad the Yelp address and map do not line up with the restaurant location (it's a residential brick wall).  There are several different addresses in fact when you Google it. Oh well. I was not about to drive around Sun City trying to find it. Ended up at an excellent Cafe 99 instead at 11001 99th.
Great food in a very casual, locals-only type way.  Waiter/manager was great, providing food and activity recommendations.  Even gave us a complimentary piece of phenomenal cheesecake.  Will go back next time in Vegas.
Mediocre. We paid 18 bucks per person for a dinner buffet that was acceptable for a 7.99 lunch. Staff was fine.  Taste and quality very underwhelming.  I usually eat so much at an Indian buffet that I am near exploding, but not this time.  I tried it all.
The peanut butter & jelly cake was served hot. So the peanut butter was runny and the cake was really dry & hard. You couldn't taste the jelly until you got into the center of the cake. Warm grape jelly isn't too great to eat. The latte tastes like any other latte.
Aloha! Reminds me of Hawaii every time I visit. \n\nFrom souvenirs to drinks and snacks and personal care items. I can spend some time browsing this store. Maybe a little too much time. :D\n\nNot much else to add, but definitely check this store out.
Service was above and beyond! The bar started off a bit slow but made up for it by being attentive toward the middle of meal. Food is great in flavor. Unfortunately, most recent food experience was extremely salty. Environment was great. From dining areas to the bathroom.
Pretty good food but i am not a very big fan of tapas.  overall i thought it was a fun vibe for some good wine and a light dinner
Delicious! And great service! And affordable! And a great legitimately Japanese ambiance. All the rolls we had were delicious but the vegetarian sweet potato rolls were surprisingly amazingly good. Happy hour prices were great too. And the man greeting us bowed. Twice. So nice and so Japanese! Loved it.
Just got moved today by Umbrella Movers. The three guys that helped us out were polite, respectful of our stuff, and worked their butts off. I would absolutely hire them again and recommend them to anyone!
I ended up going to another MVD location, Mesa Drive location, where I was able to accomplish what this location said I could not. Not only were they misinformed but they were rude right at the start with their initial greeting. Go to the Mesa Drive location, what that location lacks in aesthetics they make up for with their humanity.
We have discovered that going off peak to the Sundance Grill... and ordering the Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs is a great alternative to the Buffet.  The service has been great and the meal consistently good!  Go on Mondays and Seniors get 50% off your meal!
Never go to the Rio buffet. Sooooo salty you can't enjoy your food. Disappointed, and 67 dollars short. Sigh... NOBUENO.
Love the Mac and Cheese.
Arizona charlies is dirty and disgusting. The buffet and coffee shop and steakhouse all suck. The place is filthy and smells. It's all garbage people that go there and there is no class there. That place is for white trash people and should be imploded.
Twice eaten, twice enjoyed the caterpillar.
I stopped going for a bit as I felt the service and general taste of food had gone down)\nOnly went the other day because a co-worker loves their lunch specials. Was greeted promptly and our food was very very good! Keep this up and we'll be back...
I felt like I was in new york.. even the location its so wicked. The food wasnt so great but the wine was delicious. . But I loved the place better then the food.
Oh Mr. Pie Maker, you really know how to do it don't you?\n\nGreat selection. Even more awesome prices! Sadly, not many places to sit. On the rare occasion that it's a perfect day outside, it makes it nice to grab a pie and sit in a park to enjoy the weather.
I love the duck! The sundae that overflows like lava! And most of all the pizza...but again I hate the pricing!!!
What a nice change from the other restaurants in Anthem - much more upscale with great wine and beer selection and many food options.  Andrea is very welcoming.  Nice atmosphere and great background music.
First reciption in German:\nDie Bedinungen waren sehr freundlich und das essen war sehr gut.. Au\u00dferdem ist es  viel zu essen (aber es gibt schlimmeres )
Just bought a new bike for college son. Employee who helped us was on his first day. Very good service.
Georgia cuts my hair phenomenally, she fades it well and my hard part is real clean.  I love the scalp massage and the hot towel on my face.
They have great soul food good entertainment great drink specials its in the hood but I like the hood saw the part of me is the part of the Old West Las Vegas history
Really liked it here. It was nice to stay at a place with a reasonable price and small kitchen. The maids only come once a week, so if you're a messy person you should stay away.
By far the best place I've ever eaten in my life!!!  From the seafood tower, to the filet, and the butter cake everything was top notch.  Service was excellent as well I would recommend Mastros City Hall to anyone and everyone!
Signing a century link contract is like throwing money down the toilet. They have the most ignorant disrespectful employees that I have ever dealt with and have shut off my service randomly multiple times for absolutely no reason. Working on immediately canceling my service with them.
Terrible day. 6+ hour round.  No one took responsibility. Terrible breakfast sandwich. Filthy bathrooms. Course was burning out in May. Bought a Corona but they could not afford the lime. Someone needs to manage this course
Excellent service,great staff. Feel very welcome every time I eat there. Thet have memorized my favorites.
The chips and salsa were pretty tastie.  The guac was pretty bad though and it almost ruined the chimy.  The shredded beef didn't have much flavor to it.  Cant say I'll be going back any time soon.
This place closed down. Now it is a Thai Basil.
A little more of the swank than I am used to and not exactly meant for the low budget crowd, but the few times I was treated to lunch or other activities here, it was very enjoyable in every detail that I experienced.
As always the 1st time is the best, 2nd and 3rd mediocre. I got the Pan Pizza which they are obviously known for. Chicago style. Tasted very very good with mushrooms and pepperoni. It's too much dough, so once or twice a year, it's nice to try something new.
Love the beef chow fun and dim sum! but do not get the sampler!
I don't get this place.  Hole in the wall atmosphere is awesome, food disappoints.  Waffles tasted like frozen waffles from the grocery store and the chicken was good but not very juicy.  Prefer El Pollo Loco.
It's a good place to go and eat with friends... The shrimp is juicy but I wish it would have just a bit more flavor...
I loved this place when I was pregnant. \nNow, not so much. \nIt just tastes very bland. \nIt reminds me of chipotle. I like Chipotle better unfortunatly. \n\nMust have been the pregnant hormones!!!
Beautiful, just beautiful.\n\nI had the Louisiana Pasta and wife had the steak and shrimp with potatoes and Mac n cheese, all was amazing!
I shop here because, it is the only place to get what I need in biking distance.  9 out of 10 times,  I am overcharged.  On my last 2 visits it was for over $4.  I make it a habit to go over my receipt, near customer service to collect my inevitable refund.
Small portions compared to price!! Even the drinks were expensive and very small. \nAlso the waitress were completely absent minded.
Got the Groupon for Sharon Haehnel (cut, color, conditioning). Such an amazing deal. She worked around my schedule and was super easy to talk to! My hair looks awesome and feels SO much healthier and the color is exactly what I like. I'll definitely be back!!!
Bartender is rude. Don't know his name but he is middle aged white guy that works nights. He is sassy and he must think he is so great and everyone else is beneath him. I would rather east somewhere else than eat at this Chili's.
Another one of those claiming the best Pho in Vegas, I really can't tell the difference maybe I don't have very good pho taste buds.
Great food, thanks for a good meal. I WILL come back here again!
Had the taste of Italy. The Chicken Parmigiana and Lasagna was overcooked. The Fettuccine Alfredo was OK except that all the red sauce from the other two items bleed all other the plate and ruined the taste. Bread sticks and salad were good.
My wife and I both ordered Turkey burgers and she hated it. I thought it was just ok but they brought me watery bbq sauce with it and that sucked. Too many places in Vegas to eat that are incredible... avoid if possible
Just bad. It is now 2:30, my appointment was at 12:15. To have people waiting this long is just rude and bad business. The only reason I come here is because I already paid for the eyecare club. After this one is up, I will be taking my business elsewhere.
Great food! Very interesting concept for those that are not vegetarian! Great taste! The only negative feedback, services is very slow. It takes too long to bring the food or get anything from the waiters.
$22 For a relaxing hour!  We went twice last month and will likely return.  I've been to a couple other Foot Spa's in the valley and Best Foot is on par with, or better than the rest!
Great food and awesome ambience.  Decent wine list as well.  Will definitely go back.
Wal-Mart....\nWhat can I say?   It is a necessary evil.  Why oh why do you make me go to another store for alfalfa sprouts?\n\nAs Wal-Marts go they are very friendly & the store was clean.
every time I've come here, they mess up my hair. They cut so much of my hair off when I didn't ask them too, that I cried in the parking lot because it looked so horrible. Never going back to this place again.
I love Smashburger, but this particular location is not run very well.  Vacuuming the floors 30 minutes before they close, under the table we're eating at????
A pretty good place. However, their yogurt melts quicker than any other froyo places I've been to. Also, their flavors aren't that great compared to others. Sometimes or maybe often they don't have a \"usual\" flavor. Not bad tho.
This is on our must-eat list when visiting Vegas. The ingredients are fresh and the food is delicious. The white sangria is very yummy. I agree that the only place to sit is by the canal. Great for people watching as well as listening to the singers as they \"navigate\" the gondolas.
Great spot!! Who would of thought of good food at a gas station!! Real Mexican, Real Authentic!!
If you missed Happy hours at TC?  Don't worry :)\n***Half Price*** on items from tapas menu including special cocktails:  Tue-Thur 9-10p, Fri-Sat 10-11p
This place isn't as great as it used to be i prefer China Gourmet. they changed many ingredients and it honestly isn't too good any more
I have to agree with the recent reviews on this place.  I've only been there once and probably won't go back.  The service was mediocre at best.  The happy hour offerings were ok.  The best thing we had was the coconut shrimp.  There are much better places to get sushi in the valley.
I love the food at Green. I've tried many other vegan restaurants in the valley and Green is by far my favorite. Please consider opening a Chandler location, I would be able to go way more often.
Went there for a wedding. The food was mediocre (Canneloni) and the service was below average... I would never go back there because the quality of the food was average and I don't eat at average tasting restuarants if I can help it.
Awesome place to enjoy a delicious dinner. The food, drink and ambiance is excellent especially for off the strip. Everybody I've taken here loves it. Highly recommend it.
My whole family goes here. From braces to wisdom teeth extractions - they have done it all for us . Nice office and very nice people.
Wayyyyy too rich. Frosting is heavy, cake is good though. Not a fan of the hard edible decorations that often land on top.
Totally overrated... the subs are nothing special with flavor or quality. Yes, better than subway but there are WAY better sandwich places - Quiznos is better and I don't go there either unless someone else insists.  There are at least 5 better places, not even considering grocery stores have better quality and selection!
Definitely my favorite sub place. Whatever you do, make sure you get your sandwich \"Mike's Way.\" It is amazing and tops Jimmy Johns and Subway in my book, hands down. The staff has always been very friendly as well whenever I have been in here.
Very good Paella!!!! We ate outside and watched the motorcycles cruise down Southside's Carson Street... If you like Spanish cuisine you love this joint. The potatoes are addicting and the gazpacho has just the right kick. The Very large portions leave one satisfied!
birds, lakes, great walking trails, it does not feel like you are in las vegas, you can really wander around here for a few hours and just enjoy it...that is all
The duck and farro were very tasty. The French onion soup was amazing. Had the vogue burger once before and it was one of the best burgers I have ever had.
One nice thing about this place is the ice cold beer, but they need more selections on their draft beers. The food is alright and the servers/bartenders are great.\nThey need to improve their food menu other than that is a okay place to have beer.
I went today which is a Sunday,  not to busy and store was clean. The only thing that was annoying was that their was only one register open and the wait was about 7 min when I only spent about 10 min in the store.
Best meal I've had in the Phoenix area since moving here last year. \nCollectively, we order the chopped salad, filet mignon, and the scallops. Everything was absolutely amazing. My manhattan was equally impressive. I highly recommend this restaurant.
If I could give NO stars I would.  Worst airport rental center in America
We came here for lunch. Food is not good. Its better to go out of the hotel and eat at Mcdonalds. Their gourmet dinner during weekends may be much better.
Overall this is an average location.
Priced good for what they offer. Service was where it should have been. Food was fresh and delightful. Not so personalized and flavorful as I would have expected as being a new individualized business. Give this expansion a year before closing the doors.
This place was nothing special! If your looking for rude staff, over priced food and a long wait, this is the place for you...
the sushi is very good.  the drinks are very good.  the service is excellent.
The quality went down after the old owners took over. Pizza crust is hard, they charge for little things that other places like this provide with a purchase.
As a Chinese, I personally had really good experience here! The food are awesome! The hot pot, three cup chicken, Taiwanese snack... Everything is just perfect for me!Best chinese food in the town! (They have over 120 items on the menu!!!)
I'm making my way down the curry menu and I haven't found a bad one yet!!
Locally owned, family restaurant.  We bring our kids here all the time, and it is a wonderful, welcoming place.  Reasonable prices for what you get, and the bean dip for your chips is to die for!\n\nThis has become our local Mexican food go-to place for our family!
This store is long gone and its part of the building has been torn down. If you go here, you will find a construction zone, and then in the future, you will find whatever's being built. But I doubt it will be the smelly dive that was Unique Thrift.
5 stars - that 's it.
food is good here, and a good price. The only complaint I have is that the tables are to close together. Our dinner included a little scene from a soap opera.. we had the front row seats. the couple next to us were arguing the whole time. but the server was attentive, customer service was good.
What a pleasant surprise.   Great and ever changing beers on tap.  Nice open decor and decent bar food.  Flanny's has become a go to place for a quick bite and a brew.  It's a whole lot nicer than the last few occupants  at this location.
Good service. Salad bar was pretty depressing I probably won't go back to this place for a salad.
Very amusing sushi joint. First off the decor is amazing tons of pop art and fish tanks. I had gotten veggie sushi and crab roll and both were amazing.
Looks like this place went out of business.  Website has expired and doors look locked up.
I don't understand the hype surrounding Great Harvest. Their breads are dense,  undercooked, and have a doughy inside. I make better bread at home and for a fraction of the cost.  For $6 a loaf, I expect this bread to knock my socks off. It doesn't.
Second time was not so good. I have a feeling the martinis on my empty stomach encouraged me to leave a very generous review after our first trip. Don't waste your time or money. Atmosphere is loud and food left my stomach in ruins for a few days after.
The miscato was delicious, hanger steak was very small portion, sauce was mediocre, onions rings waaaaayyyy oversalted, mashed potatoes over salted, pasta dish very small portion  flavor was good all for a whopping 100000$!
OK, moving it to two stars because the Marketing Manager at Ellis Island sent me a note that he's looking into what happened with Carrie D. \n\nI'll keep you posted!
We will usually drop $25 here for two of us. The wings are pretty good and they have lots of varieties. The fries and veggie sticks are good. It's kinda pricey and this isn't somewhere I would eat often.
Super casual, great food and drinks, cool place to hang on a Sunday after a crazy Saturday night.
Does being in the ghetto make you extra divey?
This is the oldest AJs around. Decent selection but doesn't stock a lot of the quality items I go to AJs for. Also the appearance of this store doesn't seem to earn it the right to charge AJs prices. Not impressed with this location.
Poor quality food and little selection. Got a rude server! Don't waste your time here!!
The pickle that comes with food here is about the only thing worth writing about. Otherwise, everything is just kind of boring and not worth the trip. There are so many other good places to get a sandwich or salad that are far superior. Skip this place and try somewhere else.
I wanted so much to love this place based on the reviews. Surprisingly the best thing we had here was the char su rice bowl which was awesome. The ramen itself was just way too salty to the point it was barely edible. Friendly and great service otherwise but I hope there is better in vegas
The food is disgusting!
Jen is my favorite!  Love the fact this place has no television!  I always hate leaving because I am so relaxed.  They have waxing and eyelash extensions.  I believe they offer a $50 discount on the eyelashes on Mon, Tues, and Wed.
This store is always too busy. Be sure to bring your favorite pillow because it will be a  hour before someone can help you.
I really don't know why I continue coming to this store. Every time I either leave with expired food or a item that rang up wrong.  I am currently at the customer service desk getting another price adjustment since it  rang up incorrectly.  What a waste of time.  I am washing my hands of this place.
Love the new manager ( Omar ) always has a friendly warm smile and wonders around the place and asks \"How is everything?\"  A welcome change.  He is very hands on and service has improved.  The food has always been great was lacking a bit in service.  So happy with Hillside Spot 2.0 a nice upgrade
I have travelled the United States on business and pleasure for over thirty years. Decided to give USAir the business for a recent trip to ABQ via Phoenix. I have never encountered such a consistently rude crew - from check in to gate attendants to flight attendants. Never again.
Well they finally called me and said the would replace the scrip at no cost to me.
Best fast food burritos in town. Pancheros doesn't touch this place. Adobe is a close second. Go with the Barbacoa.
I like that they have a little outside eating area.  The chips and salsa are good.  I loved the fajitas and the albondigas soup when I used to eat meat.  Now that I am a vegetarian nothing thrilled me.  I tried the chili relleno and thought it was not good.
No Parking, no Parking, sad for a mega hotel complex, had tickets to a 9pm benefit concert . Valet was closed (full) at 8pm. drove around the complete hotel and garage for 1 hour. had to give up and go home.  No Parking sucks..
angry dealers, nasty tables, not worth the gas even when you live around the corner
Long wait but it's understandable cuz it's a cool place to hang out. Their sliders & happy hour specials are the best!
I loved it here! The staff was super friendly and effecient. So far we've tried the Chai Tea Latte (heavenly), waldorf salad (perfect for a hot day), and their green tea. We love everything and we love Echo :D
awesome! great owners and great coffee!!!
really great!! had a wonderful brazilan
Good customer service, Food was ok. \nVery happy that they at least had a vegetarian option with vege broth. \nThough it was a big bowl of soup, i literally got hungry an hour after!
You folks sure know how to make nouveau riche oil trash like my best friend and me feel like princesses.
Pedicure was ok. Chairs are not comfortable. The manicure is HORRIBLE!!  All my nails are different lengths and the tech didn't even smooth the edges. I will not be back.
This place is always spot on. The wine selection is always excellent and the food makes you close your eyes and say wow!  Great for any occasion and really fun for a special occasion. Desserts...gotta safe room or just do it anyway.
Sound is a bit bouncy & shrill here. SouthPoint south-most bar has great football sound.  From Super Bowl Sunday...
Love Famous Daves! I always by there BBQ from the store and was excited to eat at the restaurant. They have many different types of BBQ sauces to choose from! There pull pork was excellent and they have many sides to chose from! Service was excellent as well!
A-OK barber shop.  Typical old school shop with 3 chairs.  My kids and I go here and they do good job including shaving the neck.  Depending on the clientele, it can be fun to listen and partake in the conversation.
Great Short Ribs!  Will definitely go back to try other entres.  Plan to drink beer, the wine list is weak.
Not too impressed with the corned beef sandwich.. I figure if you have the words \"Famous Corned Beef\" in you name it better be damn good... This one wasn't at all.
One if my favorite go to spots for a quick bite. Expect lots of grease and protein! The shakes here are really good too. I recommend the banana shake. Overall good value.
Dirty!
Good white pizza and its nice to have an option for sicilian. Good lunch specials, just wish they would offer white slices. Definitely above average pizza shop.
Among my favorite places to eat. Fair price, great food, outstanding service, \"hot\" means hot. The staff is always friendly, my glass NEVER hits half empty and I drink ALOT of water. They also almost always give my kids free desert. They are awesome.
Average Wisconsin bar food.  If you're looking for a good micro-brew selection and greasy eats, it's a good bet.  The hour wait was not quite worth it, but I'd go back...
Employer of choice!!! USAA is consistently rated a top employer in Phx, as well as the nation. Fortune 20 company!
I've called this place for two months. Never a single answer. I stopped by a few times and they are always closed. Don't waste your time. They are no longer in business. They must not have been that good after all.
Went in for dinner this evening. \n\nA long wait, for average food at best. Would not go back and would not recommend. \n\nService was great, and the cashier was very friendly however.
I wasn't impressed by the food here, had much better. The beans were ok, rice bland, meat (beef/chicken) not that well seasoned. The salsa was ok. We got the fiesta meal to try a little of everything. The food was not bad at all, just not that great.
Couldn't even get through to make a reservation. A brief hold is not 6+ minutes. Not getting my business.
I miss Paradise Bakery!  Price increase, no cookie in the kids meal.  Waited a long time for our food, the design of the restaurant doesn't flow and the servers seem confused.  We will keep going to Paradise Bakery until they've all transitioned over to Panera Bread.  The restaurant was crowded, not sure why??
I had the same experiences as other customers.  They try and make you take all the insurance with a lot of pressure.  I even tried to explain to them that my american express black credit card that I am using gives me all these coverage's and more.  They must work heavily on commission because they sure dont know what NO means.
If I was stoned out of my mind! This place would be the bomb!!  But I was not. So it wasn't. Just a complete disappointment!!! Clean the place up too! I feel like I need a tetanus shot after leaving this place. Gross!!!
Einstein is a great place to stock up on bagels of every different size, shape, and flavor.  They have a variety of cream cheeses as well.  The coffee is a little bland and they don't have a great selection of specialty coffees.  So stick with plain coffee and you should be delighted.
The place is awsome great group of girls working there and the malts are super amazing. This was my first time goin to this place. They just earned a lifetime customer. Thanks.
130 dollars for one night and cockroaches in the bathroom? I think not. \n\nTwo stars instead of one, because the room was very clean and the staff was very quick and kind when we checked in.
Amazing poutine!  Tons of different options. Waiter, maybe owner, very friendly and helpful.  More customers speaking French than English in restaurant. Great experience after walking around Montreal and up Mount Royal for 10 hrs.
When I am in the area I always order an Iced Vanilla Latte in the drive thru.  Always consistent and deliciously good.  Great change of pace from Starbucks.
Service was good, and the place was big and clean.  They have so much competition in town, and the food was greatly lacking. Prices were not cheap for the lousy food my group had. I will not be back.
I just took my second amazing yoga class today.  So far I am very pleased. The heat is not unbearable. I like the pace of the class and feel like I am getting a great work out. I feel very balanced by the end of class both physically and mentally.  It is a nice addition to all my other activities!
One its a McDonalds and two  its a McDonalds.  There is two places to order in the drive thru but for some reason the drive through allays has a huge wait.
I was fairly unimpressed with Carrabba's this time around. It had been a few years at least since I had last tried it, but I do remember it being better the last time I had it. Maybe it was just the dish that I had, but it was pretty average and too expensive.
Had a  bad experience last night our order wasn't even close to being correct, they mixed up everything even after I asked twice at the window if they had it right. Really bad when they can't get a cheeseburger right.
Love the food and all the ladies!!!! HATE HATE HATE the graveyard bartender ..... Have has four yes four different and each time awful interactions with him! Guarantee he cost them business nightly!!!!!
Fantastic staff!  Friendly service!! Amazing drinks!!! Who could ask for more?  Well run store always seems to flow with ease.
Got the rancho and the Greek, not so bad but I probably won't go back... Too heavy for me...
Amazing food. I got the Beef Noodle Soup and it was delicious. I would definitely come back to this place and my gf is thai and she also liked it.
Disappointed because we have been here twice and totally enjoyed all of the fresh ingredients and delicious salads. For the past month, however, the lights have been off and the \"Open\" sign has been lit but the door is locked!!! Is the business closed? A total bummer...super weird!
Agree with earlier review from Greg except service was worse than poor and entree was hot, but sides were cold; obviously sat on plate waiting for entree. Restrooms are located in the hotel lobby, nowhere near restaurant; needed a tour guide to get there! Terrible experience!
I just visited this store today, and I had a great experience. The store had a really calming vibe from it, and has a nice selection of jewelry and stones. The staff was very nice and helpful. They answered all the questions I had and even showed me around the store. Definitely coming back!
yuuuuuuuuuuuuum!  so tasty!  and great customer service!
While visiting with family in Las Vegas, we decided to have breakfast at Mimi's since my uncle recommended it. We were not disappointed, the food and service were great! The pumpkin spice pancakes were awesome!
My absolute favorite get away!!!!! You have to try this place if you haven't already. Breakfast & lunch are both delicious. Desert is to die for and the staff is more than friendly. My daughter and I are regular visitors here. Cozy cute place. You can eat inside and outside.
Little ghetto and they never have baggies. Friendship park? Should be called \"poop park\" lol
If I could give 10 stars I would. This place makes me sad for one reason... we don't have a place like this in LA. Not only is the food EXCELLENT, but the owner and everyone there is so friendly! You can really taste the pride and attention they give to make your meal.
Prarie Cafe & Bakery exists in one of those cafe/restaurant purgatories in which nothing is offensive and nothing is remarkable.
Tried this place on a whim and this place is now one of our go to wing places. Great wings and love getting what they have on tap. Mostly get an ipa
MMMmmmmmmmmmm! \n\nFIVE STARS\n\nI had to the large stuffed (everything?) pizza and a bbq calzone to split among six and there were left overs. The prices are good! Pitchers of beer and soda are cheap!
Cheap but fun place...the music is ehh but plenty of females.
Took my daughter for her 16th birthday. Her favorite meal of the day is breakfast and this place was right on. Delicious food and generous portions. Waitress was a little strange but efficient. Will definitely be back.
Worst service ever.  You'd have better luck getting somewhere by standing in the line for magic mountain at Disneyland.
Charging locals for the pool usage, REALLY?!? So you don't want our F&B money?! Ok! Guess we will be going somewhere else...
Very good food. I'm never disappointed.
Good food but slow service! Although I didn't like the salmon eggs Benedict. The pancakes were amazing!
I unfortunately did not get to visit because my time was short. But I did meet Glenn (with 2 N's) and Jasen (with an E) on the strip and they were lovely.
Great hotel. Enjoyed our stay for two nights over the weekend.
A hidden gem! Best Japanese BBQ I have had in a long time. The rib eye is very tasteful. The dipping sauces go perfectly. There sorbets are all delicious! The best I have ever had! Great service as well!
$9 for adults. Day I went was able to get off a few rounds but ended up closing due to wind. Staff covered the costs with weather coupon also covered cost of ammo and gun that I got for my son to shoot as well.\nStaff was very friendly and professional.
Excellent Laotian cuisine...try the catfish and any of the special dishes...menu shares some items with other southeast Asian cuisine (e.g. Vietnamese spring rolls).  Prices are a bit higher than your standard Thai/SE Asian restaurant and servers can be a bit distracted at times, but very good overall.
I eat here regularly and have no complaints. Chicken Lo Mein, Phad Thai, Egg Rolls. All good, every time. Family owned, which I respect and would rather support over typical fast food joints. I would definitely recommend to my friends.
Excellent Tex-Mex restaurant. The decor at this restaurant is really pretty and the service is excellent. And the food is really yummy. I've ordered lots of different dishes off the menu and never had a bad meal. It's all good.
My first love in las Vegas. Yayo, call me when you start franchising! While i am typically a purist, i Love the taco fusion.
I love this restaurant! I have been coming here for years. They also have great service. The only thing is that they don' take reservations. It is a first come, first serve basis and that can sometimes be a pain. However, their food makes up for it :)
Friendly and energetic crew!
We stumbled across this place on our way to the grocery store and were blown away.  I am not sure what they are seasoning the dough with but the crust is what makes a great pizza and they nailed it. Prices were great, the owner was really friendly and we got our pizza fast and hot.  What's not to love?
Best sea food restaurant in town.  Top service!
Best Chinese in town. Quick delivery, great service, great price.
What.  The.   Heck. ??    Be prepared for sticker shock!  I walked in, through the store, and made a hasty straight line back to exit.  And over and across the road to Crate & Barrel  - Ahhhhhh - much better!  Whew!
Worst customer service ever!!!! 30 minutes to get a money order at the money service desk! Really? ! Unacceptable! !! The lady was so unprofessional, she was not nice at all, didn't care about customers and was chewing gum with her mouth open all the time. Her name was Danielle.
Got my Nike+ Fuel band for Mothers Day and I'm loving it. The Nike store at the Forum Shop at Caesars Palace is wonderful and has extraordinary customer service.
I wasn't very impressed, but maybe German food isn't my thing?  Sorry I cannot provide more detail, but it was all pretty forgettable.
If you know ANYTHING about food, don't eat here. The food is mediocre at best. Service is great though.
Love their Bobby sandwich! Have to stop here everytime we visit. So yummy!
If you need a Arizona sweatshirt with a wolf on it, this is the place to go. Or rugs, plenty of rugs.....walked around for 2 hours and I just got a jar of salsa......yippee.
The staff can be a bit rude.
I'm not over here very often but I always love dropping by for a late night breakfast or brunch if I can. Super taste diner food ^_^
pricey, pricey pricey and it isnt that good!
I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed this restaurant. I had never heard of it but came across it driving around one night. The food was good and the menu was funny. I went with a friend who is a pescetarian and there were plenty of options for her as well. Also the service was great and we loved our server!
by far consistently the best Chinese food . mostly Asian clientel. decent prices and great service
New Day Cafe is a nice spot to grab breakfast, and it is not as busy as some of the other breakfast hot spots on this side of town.  They have healthy options, low carb, egg whites, etc.  The staff is friendly and the food typically arrives quickly.
Love their pizza and garlic knots. Super Yummy and fulfilling! Everyone is friendly and the service is fast. I would recommend this spot to anyone looking for a new pizza place.
We have been there a couple of times with guesta from out of town.  We always enjoy the sunset ride...We have had thengood fortune to see deer and coyotes.  Ask for Nick.  Real nice guy.  Makes the ride very entertaining.
Great feel! Great breakfast! Pleasant service! Down home feel! They let me make up my breakfast exactly the way I wanted. Fresh squeezed orange juice!! Sooooo glad we stopped here! Sat outside!
so been drug here a few times since and had a much better time\n\n\nsome of the staff were actually friendly and helpful!\n\nfood was decent
the wings werent bad, but the pizza rivaled Grimaldi's.  Perfect patio, average priced beers, decent atmosphere, and good service. We'll be back.
After looking around for few days in town finally ended up here. Best service good food. This will be my meal for the rest of the stay in North carolina. Best of all I tried around this area.
At tonic salon for the second time now getting my blond highlight done by the infamous Chyna!! She's awesome and is a pro at coloring blondes. I'm pretty new to Vegas and always hate hunting down a good hair stylist. Luckily my friend recommended her and I have been extremely satisfied with my hair!!
The best pizza I have ever had, in the nine years of my life. After we ate we watched them making the wonderful, tasty food and the manager came out to take a picture  with our girls. He also said next time he would let them walk through the kitchen and meet everyone.
Great store, I do all of my grocery shopping here.  The employees are nice and extremely helpful.
My wife and I frequent this place quite a bit. It's absolutely delicious!  We are big lovers of Thai Cuisine and have been to many over the years. This place is definitely one of the best!  The staff is very nice and we've never had anything but a wonderful experience!
This place is awesome. Always a great place to eat or grab a drink. The staff and management is great but Garin is an amazing server. Sit in his section and he'll make your visit great!
We didn't eat, we didn't dance, all we did was drink a few beers.  Our bottles of beer were not cold enough.  Neither were the drafts.  It's my fault for not complaining because they could have accommodated us in someway.  But, even still, 4 different beers, 4 times not in temp.
Since posting this, HERTZ called very quickly and they corrected the errors, apologized and fixed the mess to my satisfaction.\n\nThanks to HERTZ for the quick response and action.  \n\nI changed rating to 3 (ok) beacsue they did fix.
Great burgers, waffle fries, and quick service. Much better then I expected and they have a good dinner menu and late nite burger menu also. \n\nPlus you can play keno at your table!!!
This place sucks, slow service, bad service, barely edible food and super over priced for what it is, food was cold, i would never eat at oggis again.
Over rated place. We tried only vegetarian sandwiches. \nThey were just okay. We liked their tomato soup. Just an average sandwich place!!
East coast seafood in a land locked state.  Drinks are small but the San Remo shrimp, raw oysters, mussels and shrimp cocktail are divine.  This restaurant is underground.  Worthy of four + stars!
I read the reviews and decided to go there for drinks with my wife. We loved the atmosphere and the outdoor seating. They even had a live band that was really great. The one drawback was that they don't have draft beer.  Besides that, this might be our favorite bar.
Horrible customer service at 11pm!!!  On top of it...the cooks were screaming and cussing at each while cooking our meal.  Then while we were eating...the cooks started asking the cashier about her pregnancy.   Just avoid this place at all cost!
I'd been eating here for over a year, but recently something has changed.  I still like it, but it isn't the meal that has drawn me to eat there as often as I had been before.
Food was good and price was right.  The service was prompt and friendly.    Nothing bad to say, but nothing that really made it stand out as great.   It is a place I would visit again
Like the atmosphere and set up of the place. The staff was friendly and attentive. The food is ok but nothing to brag about. Ordered a bunch of rolls and they were done right. Wont hurry back here but would eat here again considering the lack of great options in the area.
WORST PLACE EVER!!!  Make sure you pay before you go in otherwise they will change the quote and charge you more.  It was a good place, now that managment has changed, they are the biggest jerks ever.  And I only got an oil change. NEVER GO HERE!!!
It's OK buffet. I am a fan of pork but they don't have many :(. It's a plus for the desserts, lots more than other buffet.\n\nThe space is really nice, big and cozy.
Excellent place to watch football. Great food, good prices, great service.
I'm a huge burger fan and this place does it right I have had the fungi it was pretty pretty good. My only gripe is the cost but your in the Cosmo and your paying for the atmosphere but I def think you get what you pay for and this does it for me.
Poor food quality. Not worth the price.
Basic American style coffee shop. Perhaps my opinion is tainted a bit by the fact I viewed some things about food preparation which are not generally seen by most customers. Nevertheless the breakfast was good and in copious amounts. The wait staff worked very hard at delivering the various orders as expeditiously as possible.
We set out to go to brunch this morning only to find that they are closed. Very disappointed that yelp says that they open at 9am. They need to update to their actual hours whatever they are because I have no idea.
Poor customer service! Misspelled both names and address! Only reason picked this place is a $12.95 oil change coupon. Will NOT return for ANY service!!
I find this Airport a lot easier to get to then LAX.  I just don't like the fact that we can't go see the people that are flying out off to say bye or chat with them while they wait... that really sucks.
the food is very good but $24 for 4 scallops?  really... at least let me know that it is just an app and not a main course
You can't beat the down home cooking at the Cafe.  Every night there is a new dinner special all for under 7.99.  Stuffed cabbage on Monday,  lasagna and steak in Tuesday, best catfish in the west on Thursday.  No ambiance.  It is all about home style food at affordable prices.
Yum. Yum. Yum. This location did it disappoint. Animal-stoe burger and fries. Amaze balls!
Great Vietnamese Food! Glad to have found the menu on-line at http://www.urbanspoon.com/u/menu/263688?p=0.
I always have an excellent meal while dining at Naga
Went on Tuesday and got food poisoning later that night. Had the sirloin n shrimp. I am so exhausted from all the vomiting.  Never will go back.
I didn't care for Tonic.  Their signature hookah drinks seemed weak - double in size with only a single shot.  The food menu is limited, we tried the pizza -it tasted as if the crust had been frozen too long and it was served to us burnt.  The service was friendly but slow.
Why is most of their organic produce shipped in from outside of the U.S.A?\n\nArgentina, Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Ecuador, etc etc etc.\n\nDo these places have as high as or at least the same kind of restrictions or standards when it comes to growing \"organic\"?
This Movie theater is right up my alley! Booze, food AND a great moive! if this place was in north phoenix it would get 5 starts. I really wanna come see a movie here some time with a DD so I can get hammered while I watch a really funny movie. just sayin'.
This place made me feel like I was in a surf shack joint in Hawaii. It was a really fun laid-back, casual restaurant.\n\nMy burger was great and those sweet potato tots with the sweet pineapple sauce were the best!
Come on now what do you want me to say in regards to burger king.  I will keep it plain and simple is a place where I come to get a quick bite to eat when im hungry that is all lol.  I approve this message
Yummy. Visited during lunch with a co-worker. Had the chicken shawarma and Greek salad combo. Reasonably priced and pretty tasty.
Excellent!  Great service and food!  It's hard to find a true Mexican restaurant.  This is my new favorite restaurant.
Best sushi in town. Their special sashimi are out of this world. In roll i recommend the spicy soft shelf crab. Delicious.
I always the large tasty portions of this Italian hidden secret!  \n\nDownfall is the acoustics..  Staff are friendly and fast without making you feel rushed.\n\nI had the seafood linguini!  Delish!
The bruschetta and pub boards are to die for, and we look forward to the $20 wine & bruschetta deals on Mondays and Tuesdays every week! Get here a bit early on those days though, as everyone likes this great deal.
So I'm stuck here for work for a week and found this nice pub.  Not exactly my scene, but the wait staff was super friendly and suggested better spots for me to check out.  Beer selection was pretty typical and drink prices were pretty cheap (considering I live in NY)....Next time i'll try the food!
It is alright. I am only giving them 3 stars because they are open 24/7 but when it comes to food not sure if i like how they give you more bread and barely any meat.
Nothing special.  The service was slow.   The burger was OK, the bun was the best part.  Fries were hot and crispy but not overly flavorful.\n\nI prefer SmashBurger.
i was here in january during a work event, but our hosts were pretty rude and i didn't feel like we were taken care of as most places i've had bottle service.
good service, friendly staff and tasty food. although we ordered wings and got strips. whatever. it was like 430 am and any food tasted good. i just remember the waiter/bartender was really really nice. and he said we could smoke even though there was a sign that said no smoking :)
Elegant and beautiful property with excellent service.....but if you lose or misplace something there you will never get a return call from security and their follow-up is lacking.  Once you leave you are forgotten.
Serve reheated donuts as \"fresh\" when the hot now light is on. Not worth the cost when you get dry, old donuts.
I want to like this place. The sandwiches are good. But they are way over priced, I somehow spent $35 for two foot longs! Even with the price I would consider coming back, but the wait time is unacceptable, my order took over 45 minutes!
The food here is always delicious. I love their Power Breakfast Egg White Bowl with Turkey. So good.
Great pub!  I took a group of business associates to Piper's on a Tuesday night based on Yelp's ratings and was not disappointed.  Great beer and the food was excellent.  I highly recommend the fried zucchini appetizer and the artichoke and red pepper appetizer.  Very good.
Wings were over cooked and that's supposed to be one of their speciality's then when I sent them back the server told me dont worry we won't charge for the refire well yeah that's why it's a refire . Not a fan of their flavorless pizza and overly thick dough .
Great car wash. I come here all the time. The guys here are fast, they do a fret job, and theres an indoor waiting area for you on hot days.
Tried Petrossian Bar twice during my recent trip. It's an excellent place to sit, relax, have a drink, and people watch. You can play spot the prostitute. :) Their Red Ruby drink was delicious.
I went here to go to the buffet and play some machines. The layout has been the same since I was a kid and they've kept up the place pretty well.\n\nThe only negative was the wierd forum valet which had 1 attendant.
If i could give them a 0 i would there food is gross.There service is the worse.I wouldn't step in there if my life depended on it
We have eaten here twice and the food was delicious every time. You can tell that it is not your typical fast food chain which is very much appreciated. I rather wait a few minutes for a nice meal than having something served that's blend and half way done. We will be back for sure.
Best bath bombs on the planet! \nI also purchased lemon cuticle cream. It's a softener & smells so amazing. My cuticles are gorgeous now, haha.\nSeriously, I cannot praise their products enough.\nDid I mention that it's VEGAN? Nice.
Nice place for a date. It is small, very few tables but the food is wonderful. I have to say it took a while for the food to come to our table but it was worth the wait. Food was a little under temperature but still good. I would go back again.
I come here on Mondays and Tuesdays. \nThe bruschetta board and wine special is great! I really like it.\nThe wait staff are always very accommodating.
Ok food but clearly a popular place to be seen. Bartender cool but staff kind of rude. Not worth all the hype. Dont get people waiting an hour to get in. Also dont understand why no liquor..
Beware. This is not the place to go when in Vegas.  Terrible Limo. Terrible service and terrible girls.  Got to sapphires or rhino.  Huge ripoff.
Horrible. No bedding for the couch bed. No dishes, glasses, cups or silverware. Can't get extra pillows or bedding. No plug for the tub. It is a dump
Been there a few times,  food was hit and miss as the service.  Had problem with a check, called to inquire about it,  they never called back with an answer.  Definitely not going back nor recommending to anyone.
Still waiting on resolution on an issue had back in 2012/2013. Will update my review if the manager comes through as promised.
Terrible service for a late lunch with the hubby... Order was wrong.  Thai peanut wings were bomb.  Tried callin in an order on a Saturday night and was placed on hold for almost 10 minutes!  All I wanted was the Thai peanut wings . Busy or not... Service sucks!!!
Great Service and prices! Called to fix my dishwasher and not only did they fix it but improve it! I'll be using them as a referral for all my clients!
First time here. Pad thai okay with plenty of shrimp, chicken and tofu. Juicier than traditional Thai food. Good service. Deconstructed taco looked good. Enough food with each meal.
If you like your mechanics covered in tattoos, with a huge chip on their shoulder, and brimming with self-loathing that they direct outwardly to their customers, then this place is for you!!
The food was great, especially for being a trendy spot. I highly recommend the the prosciutto, the Ravioli, and the lamb. If you like NYC's Little Italy dining, then you will enjoy this experience.\n\n\n- Maurizio Maranghi -
umm.........\ni rather not..\nbut when they give u lemons.. \nmake lemonade
Decent food at a great price. Unfortunately, the place is so jam packed it's almost an inconvenience to head back to the buffet lines.
This place overreaches. The Sonoma burger was ridiculous. All show. Uninteresting to eat.  Tres pretentious.
I hate airports.  They are like jails.  Except you have to be arrested to get thrown out. \n\nCharlotte Douglas is better than most.  There are rocking chairs, with accessible outlets near.  Lots of food choice, including vegetarian.  That is a nice change from the other airports.
Disappointed. Pool uncleaned. AC loud. Hot water in bathroom sink made loud rumbling sound when turned on. Dirty. This hotel is on its last legs. I would discourage anyone from staying.
The best Turkish bite in town! Must try..
Pretty place, but snotty management and the cocktails are not very good. After being told that a booth was reserved we were invited to sit with a large corporate group which was so kind of them. That \"reserved\" table never became filled
Always a great place to go for lunch. The unique atmosphere there is fun and enjoyable.\n\nI had a chicken sandwich was tasty and my son had a grilled cheese sandwich which is always a winner in his book.
Great place! Excellent staff, pleasant and comfortable rooms. I would definitely stay here again.
If your in the mood for spazzed out punk rock in a real authentic shithole then you must make a visit..loud filthy and felt at home like the good old days... mirror image!!
I have been going to this office for years.  I find that my appointments are prompt\nand the quality of service is excellent.  The staff is very personable which is always\ngreat when you are at a doctor's office.\n\nJanice
Great place to watch a game. The food is good and the beer prices make my husband happy. We like to share the two for $20 meal deal!
Fast, friendly, cheap, and greasy. The perfect Mexican restaurant!\nI also love 99 cent chicken taco days!
Great rolls. My favorite is the Tiger roll. Good seaweed salad. Most of the girls I worked with frequented this place for lunch!
Sooooo delicious can't even describe in words! Great service and best garlic bread ever!!
I've been literally ordered by many people to try this place for lunch, so I finally did. Short and sweet, I've made up a new word to describe Firehouse Subs, phenomenaltastic. Best sub I've had in.. well, ever.
Our food was great and we had a nice server. She helped us decide drinks and food selection.\n\nThere portions are always big so we left full to go watch a movie. We didn't even have to hit the concession stand up.
Awesome food! Little pricey but delicious. Loved the power pancakes!
*ATTENTION* Very horrible customer service. They do not have mirrors anywhere but the nasty bathroom. And when you cancel in the beginning of the month. They don't credit you for the month you paid for even if you haven't and won't be using it. Horrible place. I recommend nobody tan at this dirty place.
First time trying this place I was in love. Went back on a second Vegas trip and it wasn't as good. Could be related to whether I was up or down against Vegas.....\n\nI ordered their corn beef hash. not bad...just not the greatest
I ordered the orange shrimp, and got food poisoning. Would not recommend.
We ate here yesterday and it was the BEST Italian food we have ever had! It was so good, we went back today and recommended it to a couple on the way back to the Venetian.
In a city of many fine Asian restaurants, this one is a gem for Thai food.  The food is original and delicious.  Pad noodles, salmon in green curry, lamb chops, appetizers--all good.  Service and ambience are fabulous.  Small intimate dining in a hideaway location.
I do not like being forced to go through a stinky casino to get from the reception area of a hotel to my room.  The rooms were also bland - and unspectacular, even a little shabby.  I would never stay there again.
LOVE - LOVE - LOVE Frances!!!\nIt is one of those stores that can cheer you up.  You will be able to find a unique and fun item.  I get many compliments on the jewelry that I purchase there and it is not overpriced.
Five stars for the space and the atmosphere: light, airy, modern. Also: free wifi.\n\nOne star for the coffee, which is nothing short of terrible.
Great tacos!!
So happy with this little shop. I was in a bind and needed an entire set of dance shoes for two kids. They were very helpful and I found everything I needed at very good prices.
Nice seating specially the couch. The food was okay, I had the veggie platter and chicken wings. I like the fact that it was not too noisy, you can still carry a conversation here.
This place is amazing for both breakfast and dinner! Make sure to check out the goodies in the grocery store next door.
This is a thin crust pizza with a somewhat average flavor. It is however a very good deal and we fed our entire volleyball team for next to nothing. We spent about $60 for 5 16 \" pepperoni pizzas and 2 trays of Caesar salad.
Good food, great prices, friendly people. A perfect place for visitors to las Vegas to get off the strip and see where the locals eat.
Best breakfasts in the Pittsburgh area.  Just make sure to bring cash - they don't take credit.
What can I say but awesome! A bit pricey but the best sushi in town. They have some of the freshest seafood of any sushi restaurant I've ever been to.
Really great all around good reliable restaurant.food very good good servce..in particular our waitress was so tolerant with us as we waited for a very late friend who was meeting us.we sat on patio and took the table for quite a bit.she was very nice about it.we all had breakfast and every bite was a pleasure.
REAL MEXICAN FOOD....The only REAL mexican food I found thats not in south phoenix.....
this place looks super nice and upscale...u'll either feel super rich and love it here or feel super intimidated..either way it's a sight for ur eyes
Really great place for healthier (but probably not all that healthy) fare. The environment is airy, comfortable and pleasant. The crowd is a mixture of first dates, tourists and \"beautiful people\".  The food is very well presented and obviously made with fresh ingredients by caring hands.
Mini golf is nice and fairly priced, but the only option to ride ANY rides requires an unlimited rides ticket. So to ride the roller coaster ONE time will cost you $19 or higher. Ridiculous price gouging.
If you've been to any Van Houtte, this is like any other. Solid location this one, pretty clean and good service. 4 stars.
Incredibly rude staff, waiting lobby is too small, no automatic doors, (if your walking with crutches these doors help), my appointment was at 10:45 I showed up at 10:30 I wasnt called in till 11:30, go to a different office because here they'll waste your time and patience
So, I was really enjoying my spicy cashew chicken take out until I found a black hair, about 4 or 5 inches in my food. Gross. Hair net. Paid for food I'm not going to eat. Bummer.
lousy food, fox news blaring everywhere (what's up with that??).\n\nbut free wifi.\n\nand a three-letter code that's fun to pronounce!
After scanning Yelp's reviews of this place, I decided to take my baby to Lazy Dog Grooming. I am so happy I did! Chloe looks like a little princess. They did a great job and were extremely nice. Pricing was reasonable.
I wish I would've read the reviews. This place is over priced. The food is Dennys status. I will never come here again.
I love it here. Nice atmosphere, good drinks. I love the Cafe Miel and the mate latte.
Fun place. Numerous office meetings held there.\nAlways enjoy the food. Obvioudly people appreciate\nwhen they offer you their fork and ask you to try something. Many compliments.
Burgers were salty. One of the burgers was raw in the center. Milkshakes were divine though. Quite pricey for a burger joint. Staff seem distracted and took away our platters too soon.
Two thumbs up for the Dutches Auto! No b.s. great service and kind folks.
Old place, great food!  You won't find anything fancy here, but the food is just plain tasty! It's classic Chinese food, red lanterns, red booths and everything, tucked away in the corner of a half-dead strip plaza, which means plenty of parking!
Dim sum is ok in this restaurant, but we had a seafood package for a table of 10, every single dish taste very awful, Service is not professional, waiter has bad attitude, I will never go back to this restaurant again.
I go there since it's right across the street from the dog park and they sell Canidae dog food. Prices are reasonable and the people are friendly. They have a great selection of products, too.
We had a great meal here!  Food was delicious and the atmosphere was very nice!  Definitely will return
First time at Zio: I was welcomed very well. I had a glass of Zin suggested by John. Good and affordable. I chose to take out and ordered the homemade  fettuccini with spinach, white beans and tomatoes. Nice flavors. I'll go back.
For a hyped celebrity restaurant, just okay.  The service and food were solid, but I don't think they lived up to the hype or the price.
I recently had a carpet shampoo cleaner repaired by this company. Great service, great job and friendly service and a very resonable price. Highly recomend this company !!!
I liked the other bagel shop marginally better. Not enough to make a difference in stars though. I won't be back, I prefer NY bagels.
The food for the most part is the same but the portions are getting smaller (a kids fruit cup had 2 pieces of fruit) and prices seem to be going up...
Take a few extra mins out of your trip and just go down to the tacobell at 67th and Peoria. The other store is nicer, in every aspect. Plus this tacobell doesn't seem to be a testing store so it takes forever for promotional items to get it.
Really enjoyed myself at the Auto Collections! The cars are beautiful, and there are so many of them! \n\nPrice is reasonable (12.50 I believe).\n\nWould recommend to anyone who loves old cars!
Good Pizza,Calzones nothing exceptional.Shopping center wine bar.
Some great things like the Tootsie Roll and the Palate Cleansing Salad (complementary) and the Bento options. Some of the other items were a complete miss. I don't think I'll return but the place is clean and the peeps are nice.  Good selecting!
Solid deli with good ingredients, quick service and reasonable prices.
Rude, Rude , Rude, Rude.  I have never seen anything like it, actually.  Not in NY, DC, LA, Miami, DALLAS.  These guys have got to go.  Bring on Ride Share.
Is it possible to leave no stars? I left with blood all over my fingers. Over priced. And you might as well go to Pro Nail by Tina across the road. They're cheaper.
The girl serving me didn't know the difference between a shake and a malt. When I ordered a malt and got a shake, I let her know and then got an attitude from her. I just got a refund at that point and went to Culver's.
Thanksgiving weekend, we are getting sick because of the dry weather, the smoke filled casinos, and not getting any sleep. I get the grilled cheese and chicken noodle soup, my wife gets the grilled cheese and the tomato soup. We are miraculously revived. Kudos.
Such a cool ambiance and clean salon! Steven gives the best foot massages ever-I'd go just for them! But they do nails so well you don't have to go as much cause they last a long time. But it's the best place to go after a night in heels!!
The service is slooowwwww. The food is great.
This place has good food but horrible customer service. They used to be wonderful and it was such a treat when I would drive thirty minutes just to eat here. I probably pass 25 sushi places just to get here and it was always worth it but the past couple times it has gone downhill.
Really nice room, I was surprised! Very clean and comfy. The pool was small but nice. I love having a movie theater and bowling at the property. We had a great time.
Dr. Tymczyna is probably the best doctor I've ever been to.  She really takes the time to LISTEN and empathize at every appointment.  Everyone else in the office is friendly and knowledgeable as well.  Highly recommended.
One of the busier places in old town on Monday nights. I avoid Dollhouse on the weekends, but it's fun on Monday nights. I liked it better as crown room btw.
Bigger airport than one would think. Very busy and always on the move. Easy to get around however.
If you are in Henderson Nevada you will find it easier to hitchhike than wait over an hour for this outfit to send a cab to your house.
one of the best Chinese restaurant in Madison. But difficult to park. seldom go there now.
Always a solid buffet.  Maybe not as large a selection as some of the others like the Carnival world, but everythign they put out is always great and it doesnt matter what meal you are there for, SAVE ROOM FOR A CREPE, they're just plain awesome.
Food is cheap. Went to visit with a deal saver coupon refused to accept.  Even at the cash value.  Told me I should call the owner if I didn't like it.  Not worth your time if you see a deal from these people skip it.
Friendly staff :-) great first impression
great food!!!!
We have been coming here for years and the Food and salsa are wonderful here. This is a family run business and our server Steve is great! Partner and I are vegetarian and Steve helped with getting an order customized for us. One of the best Mexican food places in Arizona!
Amazing vibe with food off the charts!\n\nWe had the scallops with we're very well done in both recipe and presentation!\n\nGreat place for customer meeting!
Please place to get bubble tea!!! Best in Charlotte! We tried other places and this beats all the rest hands down!!!
I walked out (12-30-14, 2:30 PM) in disgust after female server tried to seat me in a tiny booth even though there were many bigger booths and tables available. Asked to talk to manager but told he wasn't available.
Greatest drink specials in all of central Scottsdale. All hail the Asian/Chuy's/San Felipe's/dive bar king!!!
Not sure who the other reviewer worked with, but I've never had a bad experience with Rubin's.  Some pieces are lackluster, but the store is generally reliable.  Alternative comp is Century House.
I love this place. The food is good and the service is better. We visited a few weeks ago and had the pad thai. You can't go wrong with that. Tofu dishes are good as well, but nothing is better than the lemon grass soup. Yum.
The owner of this restaurant practically dragged us in off the street .. but we are so glad she did!  The food was great!  I haven't had Chinese food this fresh and tasty in a long time!  This restaurant will definitely be on our list the next time we're in town!
As the owner of Real Results gym downtown I am always looking for healthy food options.  Luckily Rachel's Kitchen has plenty of great selections that also fit our meal program we suggest.  I love the curry chicken salad, and the smoothies and breakfast times are great too!\n\nHighly recommended!  \n\nPaul-
came once before and it was decent, only reason we came back was for a friends birthday.  It has a good atmosphere and they have buck hunter which is always fun to play but the food and service were both bad. ..  won't be coming back
Great great happy hour! Fun atmosphere! Great decor and best garlic edamame in the valley!
I was a bit disappointed because I expected a lot more. The best part was towards the end. It was pretty cool. I had a good time but I probably wouldn't come back a second time to look at it again.
Out of business. I guess mediocre food combined with high prices and poor service isn't a sustainable business plan after all.
This location sucks... They cant get simple orders correct. I only get coffee or ice cream from mcdonalds,  I don't like the food at all.
Dutch Bros is an outstanding coffee joint.   This Oregon company rocks it in AZ! So glad you are here!  Always great service and great strong coffee. Check em out!
Wow, what a bad experience.   We ate here back in July and loved it.   This time it was totally different.   Flies filled the restaurant, the taco meat was fatty and the salads were wilted.   Luckily the manager, Daniel, dropped the bill, but they need to make some changes.
Kinda over priced but always taste good.
I been to consol energy center 2 times. I can honestly say there's not 1 bad seat in the area. Unlike the old mellon area. Its well built and has a nice design. Like all sports areas, the food and drinks are very pricey. Still they did a great job in buliding the consol energy center.
This place has really good \"World Famous\" shakes.   Try the date one -especially unique. Only problem is they are way overpriced. Good price for gas considering its in the middle of the desert.
Love the atmosphere.  Service is great. Our whole families favorite place for sushi:)
Even my 5 yr old hated it. Only went here because we were early for our movie that was next door.\n\nThis place is an abomination.  Folks, it's empty when you walk in FOR A REASON.
Nice and clean but grossly overpriced compared to Walgreens or rite aid.  \nBathrooms locked which sucks when you have a 3 hour drive ahead of you. \nNot worth the stop.
Just went to Hair 4 U today for the first time.  Hadn't had a haircut for a while, Jessica did a great job.  Looks great, very reasonable price.  I'm the kind of guy that wants my hair to look good and not be too much work, Jessica knew just what to do!
I had ordered a blizzard (banana cream pie) and every single time I've went there it always sucks. My blizzard is basically melted by the time they hand it to me. They are meant to be thick wiped?! Am I right?? Well obviously that's not the case here. Very disappointed :/
Very very nice small Italian restaurant . Seating is very limited but food and service are wonderful . My only small complaint is the price for a bottle of wine is a little pricey . They should make at least several bottles a bit more reasonable .
Good view good margaritas and bloody Marys. Went downhill fast, service and food below average.  Unfortunately I can't recommend.
Car was broken into.  Found out this is a regular occurrence.  When I spoke with the General Manager I was told too bad, they aren't responsible.  No security on property and according to Phoenix PD this happens frequently.  I'm out over $500.00.
Expensive food (most probably microwaved) and is not worth it.location is great and the place itself is nice but food is horrible.a mistake of hungry tourists.
Food was awesome. My food was amazing & I will be telling many about the place. Prices were good for the amount you pay. I left stuffed.
I called 345367849584362578454 times to follow up since I call them out for an estimate but they never call me back. I guess they didn't want my business or the job is too big for them.
I felt like I had walked into a bad 80s music video. The prices are good sure, but would I really wear a pink and neon plaid shirt or black pants with suspenders? No wonder our youth are getting bullied.
One of my favorite places for breakfast/brunch: generous cinnamon rolls, unique omelette's, and more.  There can be a long wait on a weekend, so come early or late.
Ordered their chicken sandwich. Although the chicken was under seasoned, their sourdough bread was yummy. The asparagus salad and fries were both good.\n\nJust your typical pub-food restaurant. Nothing out of this world.
This was a real disappointment after going to the one in old town. The brunch menu is not as good and it lacks a lot of the atmosphere.
Macayo's has gone down hill over the years, quality of food doesnt seam to be the same. Happy Hour is good along with the chips and salsa. \n\nHowere this can be a good place to go with a large family.
Unless you live in the local hoods nearby, don't even think about this place. Ghettofabulous. Inside and out. \n   Watch out for the locals who can't drive and are too lazy to put shopping carts back. Probably a good place to buy food stamps in the parking lot or other stolen or illegal items.
Joey Diven's Hot Turkey sandwich with gravy and mashed potatoes was very good. The bar itself is pretty plain inside and a bit smokey for my taste.
This place is expensive for Drinks! Keep in mind that its just a name. If you have the cash fine enjoy. Expect long waiting to be seated for the weekends.
The best part of my meal was my drink. I had fireball and hard cider. For dinner I had  the chicken and waffles. They were ok. Probably would have been better if it was hot. But getting back to the drink. Yummy! Perfect for the season.
Great deep dish pizza, great salads. Deep dish always hits the spot.
Do not read any other reviews.. If you want a less than quality place at a high price you got it. Want rude staff and no room service, this is your place.. Or take a minute and walk into on coming traffic and you would have aa better time
First time here...\n\nI had the lychee green tea, it was light but just right with the sweets :)\nI'm in love with their raspberry jam that goes with the scone.\nPricy but worth it. Will be back!
Food as service can be rated as okay. To me, this place offers nothing special. The food is somewhat bland and the beers are over priced.
Love the food and the new concept from Paquime.\nSomething that caught my attention was the jicama wraps with meat instead of using corn or flour tortillas. Awesome taste and feels a lot healthier when you eat these awesome dishes.
not too bad, but to be frank, the buffet not meet my expectation. or the buffet in some hotel in china is much better? a little disappointed.
I'm surprised at so many bad reviews. I thought the banana dessert was fabulous! Drinks were great too.
First time trying threading and so far so good :-) I think ima leave waxing behind for threading
Made it back for another meal and the service was much better.  Food was very good.  The free chips and salsa are a plus.  I am giving them back a star.
absolutely terrible service. waited room to be prepared for two hours after check in. key to room doesn't work. no reparations.
I always get the spicy Baja and I have never been disappointed. Good flavor and juicy meat. Their fried pickles and fries are awesome!
The sales team treated me like royalty ... and all I bought were socks... on sale!!!!\n\n:-)
Awesome chill spot, and super happy hour!  Wish there was one on Eastern closer to me =)
The best!  They've worked out all the kinks that were present in the first weeks they opened....back to great food, great service.  The sparkling sangria is a MUST.
Unnecessary  expensive , rude employees , our room smelled like a dead body , our towels had holes . With a money you pay you may go to better place .
This place is a Montreal landmark. The Pho is excellent and the deserts are delicious if you like tapioca. Its always busy and really small inside so you might have to wait but its good food. The noodles have changed IMHO and its not as good as 10 years ago but still worth it.
Awesome gym, always clean and amazing coaches! \n\nThe coaches are all super helpful and patient. Will let you know when you're doing something wrong or right, form is everything! \n\nNot only are the coaches great but all the members are positive and encouraging towards one another.
I had a problem with my refrigerator and Rick came out and fixed it for me!  He was on time, professional, fixed the problem, explained to me what I can do to fix it next time, and fixed another problem that he found while fixing the one I knew about, for free.
I love this place for a quick lunch. The food is always delicious and the bartenders are friendly and attentive.
Pretty good dim sum for in a hotel!
Was good\n\nBrought a client here and he loved his burger. It was huge. \n\nMy chicken sandwich was good. It looked like it was going to burst with flavor, but it was kind of bland. \n\nService was great
We did the Mormon loop at South Mountain. Great easy hike with a great view at the end! Roughly 3ish miles round trip. Free parallel parking along the side of the road. \n\nPick up a map at the beginning of the hike and bring water!
It was many years ago. I went into this store looking for my wedding dress. The staff were great.  They brought what you needed, made recommendations, etc. if you need a pretty dress that fits and now, this is the place for you.
Easy access. Helpful staff. Pretty decent prices on things. Nice convenient store
Not that great of coffee at all. Coming from LA I've had way better. My latte tastes burnt and they take no care or time in presentation.  Ambiance is awesome, I'd come back for a drink but that's about all.
Citizens breakfast was average. The eggs were made over medium as requested, but the bacon was not hot and the Tator tots with bell peppers and onions weren't my favorite. I had sourdough toast and it wasn't sliced or buttered. Could have had better at Denny's for a lot less.
the place is not bad. they are open quite late so if you are in the neighborhood and have a smoked meat craving and can't wait, the place will do. no lineup or anything as the place is always empty
Had dinner here last night and it was delicious. Fresh, authentic Mexican food and excellent service. It's a fairly new place. I highly recommend this place.
Great, old hotel with modern amenities.\n\nBeautiful lobby, friendly staff, clean rooms, good location and near shopping and transit.  You can usually get good deals on the internets, so shop around.\n\nThere really is no better place to stay in Pittsburgh.
Good dancing, pretty girls, good music.  Nothing amazing, but a good show.  Great for those couples who want a little sexy, but not a topless show.
Went again today and actually had to leave without eating or so much as receiving coffee! This place and I just DO NOT AGREE.
Except their biryani nothing is really worth trying.
Very homey Koran place with decent food.  I like the side dishes very much.  They have a lot of food here that you'd usually see  if visiting your Korean friend's mom's house.
This is the absolutely hands down best German food in Vegas! If you haven't been here yet, you should come try it out!
I went down to enjoy a gift card from here and it wasn't open, their door hours said they should of been and their website said they should of. I went at 1230pm?? Very poor business! I have a 50$ gift card to here... Not even sure I want to try this place out now.
This is a great hotel.  The rooms are clean and modern, the fitness center is well equipped and there is free wi-fi.
Good cheese curds but not as great as some of the mom and pop places farther north.  Nice bar atmosphere and right on the square.
Had lunch at this place...ordered a carnitas torts & the carnitas was dry and the torts kept falling apart. The horchata was good.
Pricy (unexplainable hotel fees), dirty (pubic hair in the bath from last occupant), fallen apart (the ac never worked). Stay away from this place
It's Fridays.\n\nClose to school, quick service and tasty food.\n\nGot the job done, but wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
Good burger and fries!
I've attended a few group drinks nights at The Links and have always really enjoyed myself.  The service is great and they're very accomodating. They've got a few private function rooms with lovely decor.  The large patio area in front is fab in the summer!
The food was decent, almost like a subway type place.
My coworkers and I go to Noodles Ranch at least once per month and every dish I have had here has been quite good.  The prices are reasonable, the service is good and we can get in and out in a reasonable amount of time for lunch.
Double Check your order, usually correct but have had to take in a few items. \n\nNot Bad and Super close
The food tasted fine, but the portions were mighty small. I had over medium eggs and biscuits. The wait was not worth the food, that's for sure. Nothing memorable to keep me coming back.
Had the breakfast wrap. It had so much oil in it. I mean tons of oil dripping everywhere. I always thought of pei Wei as the healthier option, not anymore.
Last night of our stay, we couldn't be bothered going 'out'. So glad we ended up here. Roti Panang was delicious, my drunken noodles was tasty and hubby wants to go back to Vegas just to have more Nasi Goreng.
Food is decent, but very standard bar and grill fare. I want to love this place as it is very close to home, but it's lacking any spark or real character to draw me in. For instance, the only thing Irish about it is the name and having Guinness available and serving corned beef and cabbage as a weekly special.
Great clean location with fast service despite the large volume of visitors. I typically get the double double animal style with the fries extra crispy and yellow peppers on the side. In n out is my go to hamburger spot by UNLV. Top notch burger and fries. Overall impeccable service
Speechless. Unlike other Vegas hotels who tend to imitate european architecture, they have the most unique and exceptional designs. Check out the waterfall fountain and beautiful garden.
Average McDonald's chain.
I have only eaten there twice once for dinner and once for breakfast. It was amazing. I tell people to try it all the time.
Great food, awesome service!  We had the guacamole burger, BBQ burger, Cobb salad, and the apple cranberry salad.\nEveryone loved the food.
Food was good and the ambiance was great.. Sat outside on a nice Friday afternoon. The buffalo chicken flat bread was delicious and the boneless buffalo wings were good and made with real chicken! What a plus!!
Great coffee, vibe, and food. \n\nTERRIBLE parking, take the light rail if you can!
This place claims they serve breakfast not only on yelp but on the sign mounted to the front of the building, they do not serve breakfast. When I asked for the breakfast menu I was told \"we aren't that company no more. \" just the use of proper English would have given this 2 stars...
I heart freshly baked bread, but here it is taken to another level with the PERFECT baguette. I got an olive loaf and a parmesan boule. Unfortunately I was concerned with crossing the border with these loaves that we scarfed the bread down while driving south. It still tasted amazing!
My favorite Mongolian BBQ joint in the Phoenix area. HUGE HUGE portions, the only place where they let you smash the meat with wax paper, so much sauce and even the side bar is delicious. DO IT and I dare you to finish everything in your bowl.
Nice atmosphere. A casual bar setting. But food was not great. jalape\u00f1o burger that was raved about was very greasy. Had cheesecake for dessert and it was really bad. Fell apart and not sweet. Staff however was extremely personable and very kind. Too bad their kitchen let them down.
Nice waitresses and very cheap happy hour. Is the fish super fresh and was the food memorable? Not really, but you pay for what you get - and given that the happy hour is such a bargain, this place is very decent.
the grinders are delicious-baked till crispy. the pot pie pizza is unlike anything anywhere and good. \nthe mediterranean bread is different and the hazelnut ice cream is a nice finish. place is too small-expect a wait. place has a piece of famous AZ  history-read about on the menu.
Beautiful surroundings - great service- a bit pricy!  We were so excited for a fabulous meal  - disappointed.
The best! Not over priced, great tasting, always fresh, and quick service even with a long line.
Simply put - unique, tasty and cool!!
It is truly a traditional church. Very traditional. I didn't know what I was walking into and did not feel welcome. That's okay...but it is for the person seeking a very traditional service. Really, it's a conservative church, rather regressive, really.
I love their teriyaki rice bowls. I don't eat Sushi so I have no opinion about that. Great place for a quick lunch or dinner.
Are there any good stores here anymore? I remember in high school this was the hangout place, but now it seems run down and very vacant. All the good stores are gone, i.e hobby bench and they've put in a lot of cheap clothing stores. Not a fan anymore, other than the Costco I guess.
This zoo is amazing. I love that they have two splash zones. Please make sure to have your kids bring water appropriate clothes to play in. The barn and petting area is my daughters favorite place to check out!
If they serve tacos and margaritas in heaven, they'll probably be like the tacos here, delicious! The Al Pastor tacos are about as close to authentic as you'll get this side of the border. Great friendly bartender too!
This has got to be the dirtiest place I've been. The staff is run horribly. The trash is over flowing behind the counter and the PM special for $5 is horrible. The staff was all wearing dirty shirts. My wife and I will not be coming back.
okay food and crappy service.  I'm sorry to know that they also own Rigatony's which initially  made me think so much better of this place.
Good local spot tucked away beyond the strip. Small dance floor, hookah's, Live bands are just a few things that they have to offer.
When you look at the food photos you might think over salted, but it's perfect.  We're coming back again for sure!
Dos y dos, carne taco, taco sampler, fried banana, tres leches.  Lots of food for the price paid.
This place is clean and staff is very friendly. I recommend calling and making an appointment first especially on the weekends because they get so busy! They do such an awesome job
Met Rand H for lunch here.  Had a good red curry with chicken. Medium heat was exactly what I was expecting.  Service was excellent.  Pricing was reasonable with the lunch menu we chose from.  I would certainly go back.
I would go there much more if I was closer. Always find very interesting items. Like it when they sample the food. I got hooked with the lasagna and have been buying it ever since. This store as with other Trader Joes can get super busy later in the evening.
First of all this is one of our favorite restaurants in vegas, whether we're just eating dinner or celebrating a special occasion.  Everything on the menu is delicous and the cocktails  hands down are some of the best that I've ever had.  Dont forget to order the giant fortune cookie for dessert, it doesnt dissapoint.
The food was good enough. The service was so slow I got irritated. I felt ignored by the hostess and waitress I will not be going back.
I hate this mall. It is a tourist trap, the mall and the parking lot are always crowded, the mall has some sort of artificial smell. Only reason I come here is to go to Adidas.
Great Happy Hour! Moretti on tap, can it get any better? The service, the poofy bread and course the view....all amazing.
Love love love this place. Awesome friendly bartenders. and great karaoke as a traveller. It's so nice to go somewhere where you feel welcome
Granted, Taco Bell isn't going to be a five-star experience, but this one is average even for Taco Bell.  Every time I've gone through the drive-through, they've forgotten something or put in the wrong item.  I stopped using their drive through.
I watched from my gym as a Lyft car blew through a stop sign and almost caused a wreck. Yah...I'll be using them REAL soon.
The drink wasn't half bad, but its so expensive. I also had an issue where they sold me a rotten sandwich and refused to refund the money. I emailed corporate and they gave me back the cash.
Jennie our server did an amazing job! She was very attentive and made the visit personal. We will definitely be back!
Great place for after work drinks
Awesome! Loved their spicy edamame. And the rest of the sushi was super fresh
I love this place! Been coming here for 12 years. We love the cold ham and cheese sandwich with fries. The pizza,salads and spaghetti are spectacular. Also don't forget the ice old Moose Drool on draft!
Fantastic wrap! $7 lunch special included chicken bacon ranch wrap, chips and home made lemonade! Friendly service and excellent food. Can't wait to come back for the ice cream
I wasn't impressed and neither was my family. The food was bland and my sesame chicken had no chicken, just breading. The only thing I was impressed by was the fact that they delivered before they said they would.
Older crowd. Was hella fun. Been 3 years since I've last been. Good times.
Worst service ever, cashier were talking to her friends blocking drive thru service...
Cliff provides such great service. He came out to where I was having an art show and put together a beautiful video about me and my paintings combining photos, video, dialog and music. And he was a delight to work with! What a blessing to work with A-1 Studios!
I once loved to shop here but not any more, rude and dirty stores.
They're open 24 hours a day and that's the main draw here after the 3am closing of the pizza place in the hotel is done for the day. \n\nNothing fancy here just plain ol' food that fills you up after a night out in Sin City.
Delicious authentic Italian. The garlic bread and rolls are yummy. Everything is freshly prepared. The cream sauce is the best I've ever had. Fresh flowers and cloth napkins, great service. Good for vegans. Over all delightful.
I agree with what so many others have written here about Hypnosis Unleashed. This show is a high-energy, hilarious blast that left me in tears several times because I was laughing so much. Kevin Lepine is a true showman and host and a terrific hypnotist. Recommended!
They have a creepy lady that serves. She was way to hands on with the food. I was eating and she reached over me and slid my plate closer as if I was dropping food on the table or something. stood in my personal space for a good minute or two as I was chowing down. It was too weird for my liking. Food was alright
Just wanna say she put ice in my cup with her hands....... enough said.
Eyes are dry a lot, but the Dr prescribed an eye drop that seems to be helping.
I'm not a fan of this place. They charge way too much for their little miny burgers & you have to pay for extra ketchup??!! Why would I want to go somewhere where ketchup costs extra? The only good thing is the sweet potato fries. The service was bad.
What can I say they have Dole Whip the only place that I know of you can get it here in town without paying to get in. Great prices and selection me and my wife are now hooked and try to come once a week
Came here for the Bears game since my dad is from Chicago. He enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.
The atmosphere here is comfortable and attractive.  The service is above average.  The lunch specials are quite appealing, and the food itself is pretty tasty.
I've decided after the last FAIL on my GEL NAILS that peeled. I will not be returning because since my last review I have not gotten a response from the salon.
Loved their cheese fries and brownie sundae dessert. Brownie was moist. Steak was just 'okay'. Ordered their steak, baked potato & shrimp & scallops special. Service was pretty good & restaurant was nice.
Great pedicures!!! Love the staff and very reasonable prices. I would totally recommend this place and will be back!
This place is awesome. Came here for the caviar and was not disappointed. I only wish there was more bang for your buck. But I understand caviar is expensive. Very nice place.
The roof deck was great. Fantastic dj spinning great music and a decent dance floor. The only problem was that apparently on Saturday nights they are not very discriminating on who gets in as the crowd was mediocre at best. Packed with women who need a make-over.
Absolutely horrible! Greasiest Chinese food I've ever had. I have never seen vegetables covered in so much oil in my life! Food came out cold. Sign out front said $15.99 and they charged me $17.99 + tax. Do not go! You will regret it!
I took a friend of mine to this place on Sunday since I heard so many reviews on this\nplace and was so disappointed, food was cold, service was bad and order was not done to our request. The coffee was good and hot. The choices are many however,but what is all the excitement about is a puzzle to me. Very disappointed.
Get in, sweat your butt off, get out!! I love it here!! Great vibe,great equipment and NO CONTRACT!
Amazing. I loved every bite. Our waitress was extremely friendly.my wife wants to travel back to the resort just for aunt cheladas.
Food tasty and generous and also a bit on the pricey side.
Great draft beer selection that changes from time to time.  The ambiance is welcoming with a great patio.\n\nThe food is really good, but the selection is limited.\n\nWe will be back!
Good, not great. Had the shrimp cocktail and prime ribeye. A $54 steak shouldn't need a $6 sauce to put on or dip in to make the steak taste great. My wife had the wagyu skirt steak that had good flavor. Hit Del Frisco or Ruth's for better taste, not to mention value.
lies lies lies ... for students and people with animals - perfect !!! \nbut for families with children ... NO !!!\nthanks \nIvan
Good food on the run!!
Booooooo no good!!! We got 2 soda waters for 25$ we asked if there was any gin in them he said 2 shots of Bombay in each. YEAHHHH RIGHT!!! 2 Tall glasses of soda with a crusty lime.
I ate here for lunch and unfortunately the food took a while to be served.  The prices seemed high for lunch time and they didn't really have a lunch menu.  I ordered an Italian sandwich and I received something that really didn't resemble a sandwich at all. \n\nMost likely not coming back anytime soon.
While the food is usually very good. This time I went and I am a regular that tips 20%+. My partner and I were completely ignored. We allowed 15 minutes. It will be a long time before I return.
love love love this park! very happy i discovered it. i want to say its the biggest park in Charlotte. They have plenty of fields, basketball areas, trails, picnic areas, and a nice playground. Ideal for exercising, taking the kids and or dog out. nice family area.
This place was so packed!
The staff here is attentive and kind. They remember us from year to year and that means SO much!
We really like this place! The food has always been delicious. We have even started buying packages of lavosh from them. We love eating healthy here.\n\nThe only drawback so far has been the service, which has so far been just so-so.
Love love love this theater. Not only is it in one of my favorite spots in Vegas, but student discounts on Wednesdays (yay) and discounts for casino employees (double yay)\n\nAMC theaters are also my fave given the huge, clean, and comfortable seats.
This place is a scam. The people are not friendly and very unhelpful. The tried to keep my car and then charge me even more for being upset. This place sucks and it's filthy
Made an appointment and they were 45 minutes late seeing me. Don't bother making an appointment.
Terrible service! Ordered two bowls of Pho. One came out 30 minutes into the service. The second bowl came out 10 minutes later. We will not be back.
It's closed :(
Went here about 6 weeks ago, just getting around to posting a review.  Overall the food was pretty good.  Maybe nostalgic memories of them over on Charleston and Lindell are leaving me just a little dissatisfied.  I gotta wonder if the memory of food establishments from 20 years ago is really a good comparison for their current product offerings.
My medium rare new york cut was medium. I almost choked on every dry bite. After starving myself all day, this is the first time that I have ever not finished a \"steakhouse\" meal. Very disappointing! I would have complained if I wasn't on a business dinner.
I was pretty excited to eat here because they had a great rating. I have had better chicken from Chick-Fil- A. General lack of flavor. I feel like I was at a different restaurant than what everyone else experienced. My boyfriend got the scallops...same mediocrity.
Better then McD and Bk. The Rally burger is kind of small the fries were good. Overall great alternative. Will try more options next time.
terrible waist of money and time!!! not a \"real\" school just a way for some institute to make money!!! they should be illegal! do not go here!!!!!!
They have an amazing on tap beer selection. Several small tvs. But if the Steelers aren't playing, they have old school pop music as the background noise, instead of another football game. I'm sure it's up to the bartender, but it just made for a weird vibe.
Worth the trip off the strip if you have time.  Banging food, tacos were flavorful- great guac ( which is a deal breaker at a restaurant like this) and fresh salsa and chips.  I would absolutely come here again next time I am in town!
The tacos were dry and lacked any flavor. Service was okay. I would not recommend this restaurant. I wanted white queso as the menu displayed but they did not have it. I was very disappointed with my meal
It is unbelievable how slow this pharmacy has become. New techs plus a ton of new patients equals REALLY long lines and wait times.
We really do love this place.  However depending on how busy the place is, your experience can vary.  Sometimes the staff just goes through the motions and they try to rush you.\n\nAlso kids eat free through labor day!
Food is great. Egg rolls a little dry for my taste. But on my last visit, I decided to use the bathroom. There was a bug in the toilet paper. Ask me if I've been back. Absolutely disgusting.
Sweet Tomatoes is like Fresh Choice in north California - a buffet-style veggie restaurant chain.\n\nIt's great when you crave fresh salad selections.
Went in on a Monday night and had the crab leg special.  It was good and the server was very nice.  The Mac and cheese was good.  I would come back and try something else on the menu.
I have been to this place several times and every time they are the best in town. I like the friendly staff and there professional attitude. I have recommended any and everyone I know and meet. You need your things fixed take it to this place they will treat you right and fix it right.
The barbacoa could use some actual spice and it's a little expensive.
My favorite pizza in Madison.  The dough is great, and cooked quickly in the brick oven.  My daughter enjoys watching the brick oven cooking process, which you can see from most of the restaurant.  Always has a few pretty good local beers on tap, and tasty homemade pudding for after the pizza.
Lots of flavor to choose from. So far I tasted cinnamon toast and cheesecake. So good.
I think the best thing going for this place is it's location. I would much rather go to Party City as they seem to have a better selection and product quality is much higher.\n\nIt's messy, and the staff was just ok. Certainty won't go here unless I have to.
Best\n\nUnion\n\nEver\n\n...nuf said.
If you're looking for a quick bite before the game, this is an OK place to go. The food is nothing special, typical sports bar food. Maybe even less than typical. I had the Caesar salad and the chicken wasn't of great quality. Atmosphere is pretty bland, plastic tables and chairs are a little much.
Don't waste your time.  It used to be good.  It's not anymore.
Delicious treats in a cool atmosphere in an even cooler part of town!
A nice and affordable spot for a filling breakfast. I ordered two eggs, toast, sausage, homefries, and coffee for under $10. My food arrived almost immediately and it was delicious. My server was also very sweet and attentive. I will definitely make this a regular spot of mine.
This school is ran very poorly.  Teachers are good but administration is terrible.  If there's any kind of major issue such as bullying or harassment the principal will do nothing about it.  In fact she will get defensive and lose her temper at parent/student filing a complaint.  I'm very relieved to have my child moving on to bigger and better things.
You really do not have to be vegan to enjoy this restaurant. They serve a delicious healthy brunch!
Food could be really good but the bread sux...  Especially for a sliders menu. No excuse.  Atmosphere is cool.  Local bar, want to like it but hard in Vegas. To impersonal.
Very nice ambiance; however, I was not crazy about the service that was provided. \n\nOur server was really uninterested to be there, didn't seem like she cared at all. She has handed us two different manus and soft drinks were priced diferantley on both.
Too slow for lunch.
Such yummy drinks and great prices! I would def. recommend stopping here if your on the strip!
Great ice cream!  Unique flavors and friendly staff
Not the friendliest post office, but they did get the job done. Went late on a Thursday afternoon and it wasn't busy at all, which was nice!
Best smoothies around. Food's pretty good too. Try the Health Nut smoothie with Whey Protein. For food go with the Thai Chicken wrap.
Nice food. Terrific murals. It's worth coming here justice to see the paintings. Service was extremely slow. Get the the tamales to go.
It was ok. Actually the food and mixed drinks on tap were delicious! The service was awful  though. Training recommended as phoenix is on the rise! It's trendy and i will stop in very soon.
The hotel and the room itself are clean and the staff is friendly. Parking in the old garages is a nightmare, especially if you drive a larger vehicle. Also, if you stay in the Skyrise Tower make sure your room doesn't face the Adventure Dome or you will have a lot of noise until late at night.
Second time having dinner here this week. Great place! Such friendly staff! Thank you to James our server! Such a nice guy! He went out of his way to have a manager charge up my phone for me! The food was delicious and the portions large! Such a great place :)
Thursday, 9:30am, April. \n\nGood experience here, everything came out in proper time and glad they had harvest grain pancakes. Seemed clean and active. \n\nNegatives are that it's small and under staffed.
Ultra-preiswerte Kaufhaus-Restaurant
Completely filthy,false advertising, unfriendly staff, outrageous pricing. ...NEVER AGAIN
Great place for breakfast! Food comes out fast and fresh, and there are several options. Smoothies are good, I recommend Banana-Peach. Also, the Sunrise Sandwich is delicious! Modern atmosphere, and I like that you can choose to sit inside or outside.
Great affordable service. I overheard JJ say that his shop has been open for 16 years and it shows. Awesome unique old time barber shop decor. Cash only.
Cheapest meat ever.  Didn't like it one bit.  Staff was friendly. Did not care for the pho.  Cleanliness did not look like a priority.
We stayed in dorm rooms here some years ago: we got what we paid for at $35 a night. Breakfast included, but a longish trip to town. NEVER again.
last sunday we were going to give it a try and the smell of a dirty rug had us turn at the door !!!
Delish! Lots of options, had one of the best vegan breakfasts I can remember. Something for everyone. Affordable.
The El Pastor Tacos are the best in town! And don't forget the napale
The food was ok.  It's like your typical beach restaurant.  The one dish that I really liked was their coconut shrimp.  I could gobble up a plate full of that stuff like there's no tomorrow!
Time flys when your having fun! Oddly enough I had a fun time getting my oil changed here!
I went again a few weeks ago.  The burger is good, I've had better though.
23 months after paying almost $2000 for a transmission rebuild I lost 3rd gear.  I took the truck in to them and they said I was 70 miles over the 24000 mile warranty.  I didnt expect a free rebuild but they wanted the full $2000 again.  Dougs is right next door...give Dougs your business!
My breakfast skillet tasted amazing!! They have special jam for your biscuits and it's absolutely delicious!! The portion amount is overflowing so you will need to get a take-home box!! Prices are great for what you get!! My new favorite breakfast spot!!
Went to 2 places to get a drink and a bite to eat. Each place had no customer service- I didn't get served or given a menu even after I waited.
One of my favorite places for Indian food. Their lunch buffet selection is good and all of their food is delicious! Staff is very friendly as well.
My go to place for boba drinks. Honey green milk tea or Thai tea are my favorites. Don't forget to ask for a punch card.
Complete lack of integrity and honesty! Buyer Beware. The owner Derek Frader will lie, cheat and steal to make anything to his advantage.
i wanted to love this restaurant.. the views of the castle and edinburgh are quite beautiful.. but the service and food was quite lacking.. \n\nthe dishes were quite tiny.. but the duck appetizer was delicious
Cool bar/atmosphere with a great outdoor deck.  Food is ok, not great.
Not sure if the sushi master was really in training or if they intended to serve pieces that are too big and loose to eat in one bite. Either way, it was kind of a mess to eat. \n\nPositives: large selection on menu, including combination specials with beer. Who couldn't appreciate that?
Service at this location has been sub par every time I've been. I've also been a few times when their hours say they should be open only to find they've closed early. In short, food is good; service, not so much.
2 times this week we have been into this particular  Home Depot and we could not get service.  we wanted to order some lumber no one was willing to help us out, Or even acknowledge the fact that we were standing at the contractors desk waiting for help for 10 minutes. Stay away  from this Home Depot if you need help.
Overpriced upscale fast food. I spend my $ at better places... the food is average quality and overpriced... did I mention OVERPRICED?
Love this location.\n\nThe food is iffy, but the staff is great.
Arrived just b4 lunch closing... We had bolognese, carbonara, and Mac n cheese, All were fresh and delicious a must visit when in phx. Service attentive and prompt love it
Came here for breakfast  with our Buffet of Buffets pass.  The food was sub-par.  Should've gone to Paris' instead.
GREEK LEMON SOUP.  It is what is supposed to be, delicate, soft and gentle comfort food.  5 alarm chili it is not.  Lemon soup it is.
Really good and spicy Thai food. Definitely recommend the Kung Pao.
I thought it was pretty good - I wished that I had known that the chicken was light and dark meat - I would've chosen something different, had I known....
I was suspicious of a resto in this busy tourist place but it resulted great! It is a spacious place with three floors and a large menu as well. I had the chicken and mushrooms, i found it savory and with really chicken flavour delicious!  Our waitress Pedro was fantastic!! Muchas gracias.
The atmosphere here is fabulous, but the food can be hit or miss! I had my graduation party here and the food was just ok. However, I've eaten here before and the food was very good!
Great place for breakfast lunch or dinner.   I won't be getting tired of this place for a long time.  Good food.
I like this place ! I always get my nails done by Mr. Du himself. He is the best. Talkative and sweet and he does a really good job.
There are more types of meat here than any other steakhouse.  They have dry age too.  Each is cut to perfection.  My friend who is a steak connoisseur selected it and from my experience I agree that it might be the best steakhouse in LV.  One of the most expensive too.
I LOVE this place. I am a vegan and it's very hard to find a restaurant. I emailed them from their website, asking if the crust was vegan and they responded with \"YES\". So I tried them. Good selections, good wine and delicious!
Our family loves Thai food, but we have made our last visit here.  We were waiting for more than 1-hour for food that was mediocre at best.
Actually went to Surf city Bar & Grille but it's more a bar so we ended up in Que Mas attached . Well it's mexican food nothing special. Nothing great to talk about. Had to try once won't go back.
Would rate a 0 if can. Had reservations and was seated right away but had to wait 30 mins just for drinks and over hr for food. service was horrible. restaurant wasn't even busy also.
Just like the gelato I got when I lived in Italy for a couple years.  I love this place and the chance to speak Italian when I go in to visit.  The proprietors are Italian and awesome.
Talk about the best steak ever. The cocktails are to die for and oh my goodness the desserts are orgasmic!
service is lacking here and the food is hohumm
Must try this place for brunch yo!!! Must try: Blueberry French Toast, Banana Foster Waffle, Apple Crepe and the bloody mary bar yo!!
Very good food and beautiful setting. Excellent lobster and salmon.
Since i wrote a review about the aweful prime rib and awesome cream of mushroom soup I have gone back a few times and not once did they have the soupe available. I am very disappointed so i just found my own recipe and made it myself. Ya snooze ya loose Coliseum!!
Going to Las Vegas next week and the first stop I will make is @ \"Fat Tuesday's\" for my favorite 180 Octane! Definitely one of the things that are a MUST DO when in Vegas!
I thought it was a little expensive for a salad in a box that I ordered from a counter and ate outside because it was so packed inside.  It was a good salad though.  I think I will try some other places on my find out where to eat lunch tour before I go back here.
I love this lil quaint coffee shop!! They bake and make all there good in site coffee is good to!! Staff is great.. Would be even better of they served eggs but hey
Amanda's spin class is the best in the city!!! High energy advanced riders kind of class!!  If she wasn't there I don't think I would even be a member!!! Also,Check out the yoga studio, there are many talented instructors practicing
While this company says that that they have a well maintained fleet, they are old and in desperate need of repairs.  If you think that you are hiring Ambassador to make a good impression, you'll be quite disappointed.
Vegetarian/vegan awesomeness.  Their flatbread pizzas are delicious, as are their noodle bowls.  I think i've sampled most things on their menu and they still keep me coming back for more.  Even meat-eating friends enjoy Green!
Best mojitos and tapas EVER! Moreso the mojitos.. just sayin. $28 bucks for a pitcher? Yes sir! Always busy, always... but the food and drink make up for it.
I just watched one of the workers come out of the bathroom and clean a table with her broom. I'm pretty sure that's disgusting!
Albert was excellent and the backyard landscape job turned out great! He worked around our tight schedule and finished the job on time and on budget. We would use him again.
They always know my name, what I want, and you get a great sandwhich for a great price.
very rude. will never ever go back.. and tell others not to bother.  also very dirty.
First time , last time. stopped  by the drive thru for some quick food.  Someone in the family ordered a chicken wrap and that item made it a 20 minute wait.  No big deal, we are back home in Florida and Bojangles in non-existent here.
Been here twice during last month. This restaurant has really good menu of middle east cuisines. Place can be crowdy most of the time. Food Really good. Tried shawarma and kebabs. Both were too good. The sauces were excellent
Ordered dinner to go, $42.99 porterhouse steak for two medium rare, steak was burnt and sides of potatoes were drenched with butter! I tried to call to give my experience but the phone rang 10 times no answer! So I will never order again!
Newest graduate of abc! Greg and Larry were wonderful instructors and gives out great stories and tips to help memorizing drinks! Definitely a fun learning environment, study hard, get an A and receive a letter or recommendation! I'll be back for refreshers courses!
The service was great and the staff included was friendly. I wasn't too impressed with the food whatsoever and it was more like dining at a Peter piper pizza. I wouldn't recommend coming here. The food was average and the atmosphere wasn't too inviting. In addition It was extremely hot inside the restaurant.
We had a wonderful dinner at Cask 63 last night. Our waiter, Daniel, was a real pro and extremely accommodating. The Sea bass, Ahi tuna and Lamb chops were phenomenal, as was the Key lime cheesecake.
They bartender made a bomb Bloody Mary the female one not so much. The draft was frozen =0(
I really enjoyed Blue Man Group.  They're innovative and fun.  Surprising in parts.  They are very loud, so bring ear plugs if you're at all sensitive.
Still haven't returned...the manager did email me and invite me back to get a gift certificate. My thought is, why would I return to a place and ask a GC when there are so many options? Plus, don't want to have to re-explain my review. Seems a bit pointless. Not looking for free food.
For take out pizza it was not bad!! Have so many to choose from have Never tried papa johns before! So took a chance,it was hot and came with extras! Will I order again maybe but am going to try others since I'm new to this area!
We ate here two years ago and everything was fantastic. Ate here last spring after they added 'Steakhouse' to their name and the food and service went downhill. The witch doctor cocktail is still worth the visit though.
I used to love this place, I don't know what happened... The quality of the sushi dropped tremendously. The sushi was bland, and the soya sauce seemed watered down. The only thing that I enjoyed was the Garden Salad. \nI am very disappointed.
Never again will I go to the Zoyos on Gilbert and Brown. I was humiliated when I was turned down  for the third time on pajamas night ,Laughfing at me saying \"thats not P.J's \" and did not get the 50% off, I think that is VERY rude!!
My friends bought the all day pass (after I'd already had breakfast) so I coughed up the $29.99 to eat with them for lunch and dinner. Not impressed. A fair amount of choices, including shrimp and prime rib, but the salads weren't that good and for the price I was expecting a lot more.
I am very happy with Melinda. She is very accommodating and flexible to my needs. My boys (7 & 4) ask to go to her house. I feel very comfortable leaving my boys with Melinda. She was a blessing in my search for a new provider. I highly recommend her.
Worst company ever!!!! No customer service. If you call on Sunday you're out of luck and they don't care!!
Hotel was nice but nothing more then a 3 star. Room smelled musty and was dated. Staff was not all that friendly. Not what I expected when I booked the hotel. I will not be booking here again.
Last couple times, servers started weighing the scoops and took ice cream out if there was too much. Who does that for portions that are already too small for the price?? Minus a star.
Sure its sweet spot is corporate and tourist visitors in search of an 'old west' experience but it has enough charm and a decent enough menu to justify putting on some denim and making the visit yourself.
Disgusting food, bathrooms, service. Steak sandwich was on white bread, 2 (count em) french fries, horrible service, no parking, breakfast buffet was empty and looked like it was 3 days old, perogies were soaked in grease and rubber, never again.
Loved it.  Food was great
love it here! the pastries are always excellent and baked fresh at their other site. Its a pretty big place, there are always seats inside and out, which is really nice. The service was great and very friendly. They have really incredible whip on drinks- it has coffee flavor in it, so totally worth the extra calories :)
Really nothing special by montreal standards. The place is dirty and run down. I don't need my hot dog joint to be spotless, but maybe they should rename this place \"brownspot\"
Good service everything new, the staff are Friendly . We can say WOW\nI love this place. I'll come back.
I normally like Robertos taco shop,but this location seems not to care about the quality of food it puts out.  I ordered a cheese enchilada and the cheese was not melted and cold!
This is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas. The diamond suites are incredible, the casino is classic and the service is great.
I am a small business with 3 employees and I do a fair amount of printing.  I have used cartridge world at Raintree and the 101 for past several years and think everyone else should.   You can't beat their prices or service.
Decent way to waste some time other than gambling, drinking, sleeping, eating or shopping.  Dont spend full price though, there are all sorts of discount coupons.
They saved my life! I bought all the little babies of Vegas from them!
Stay far away from this place, they can't color or cut hair, cost me 200. To fix what they screwed up. They have no idea what they are doing, my hair was falling out by the handful after it was fixed, they messed me up big time!!
I usually go to murphy's law for late night drinks and a snack.... Never been disappointed on anything I've ever eaten from apps to sandwiches and they have a unique beer selection.  definitely one of my favorite places in Chandler! Get the pretzels with cheese sauce! Awesome!!!!
Love this buffet. My bf who is a picky eater also loved it. Our waitress was funny and friendly and kept those mimosas coming!!! Never had to flag her down once. And then she asked if we needed a to go cup for our mimosa. What...an...angel.
I really like the feel of this place.  It is very pet friendly too!  Usually my husband and I will come here at night and relax while drinking a cup of coffee.  I really wish there were more stores but there is a nice variety.
Salmon is amazing with scalloped potatoes.
Why would you go at a time other than the 50% off I want to know?  I wish it was the whole menu and not just part of it.  The prices are fair and the food was pretty good.  The ambiance was way nicer than I expected.
The food was GREAT and the selection of beer was even better! The Staff could be a little more friendly but overall I would recommend this place
No. Just no. Food is just bad and expensive. This place is safe from me from now on. Italian? Yeah right... The only good thing was the beer.
OK, I've been returning for Team Trivia. Service has gotten much better, and they have beer lists on all the tables now! This rapid and positive change is enough to get another star from me.  The food is good; I recommend chips over fries. I think happy hour is 3-6 now, with specials each day.
Total Packer Bar!\n\nThis place has become the default Phoenix bar for cheering on the Packers.\n\nEvery TV (and there are many) is tuned to the Pack on Sundays!
It isn't Pho to Chau in Honolulu but it's good Pho. Can't go wrong with this place. I wouldn't go for lunch hour while at work though this place will make your clothes smell like a kitchen.
Went there for lunch and was not impressed. The decor is super nice, ok, but the food is mediocre: the soup was barely warm, the salad tiny, and the chocolate cake was on par with supermarket cakes that you find in lame birthday parties. Considering the price, it is a huge disappointment.
I just been here once customer service like shit never seen before , waiter throw food on the table. Food taste not good at all. Will never ever come back. Guys dont go here....
The food here is bomb.  HUGE portions.  My husband and I know this walking in but some how always end up ordering our own meals.  We make sure to stay close to this restaurant so we can sneak in during not so busy hours.
It was a terrible experience in every possible way. The wait time in the drive thru lane was excessive, the order was incorrect, and the chicken was slimy and smelled like it was rotting. I haven't eaten McDonald in over a year before trying it again and I found it to be just as disgusting as the last time.
Food was ok. Some dishes great others lacking. Service was poor. Server non attentive and un-apologetic when she forgot to enter our order. Would not go back as there are better Italian options on the strip.
I mix my practice with flow, ashtanga, restorative, yin and I've rarely (if ever) left a class unhappy. Particularly recommend ashtanga.
The best pancakes ever and great great drinks and food
Very easy and convenient process.  Everyone was polite, professional and had terrific work ethic.  They do fantastic work on both chips and full replacement (I have used them for both).  The entire staff is sincere and made sure I was taken care of with my insurance company as well.
LOVE LOVE LOVE the broth... fantastic, piping hot- just the way it should be.  fresh garnishes.  i would give it 5, but the service is somewhat slow.
This is one of the worst hotel experiences ever. First of all the room is outdated the furnitire smelled old, looked about 50 years old, and the dark ugly carpet was stained and torn and had cigarette burns. No wifi. Also their staff constantly bugs you offering tickets for shows etc. I would never stay here again.
Cute, little shop with lots of interesting and unique jewelry, clothing, gift items, etc. It's fun to walk around and look at the different stuff. I think the prices are too high for what you get, but it's fun to window shop.
The place looked great. Very unique and Paris decorated. But really slow service. Slow...for a crepe. The dough used wasn't very good either. Too thick and doughy, not very sweet. Won't be back to this place.
Decided to drop by for lunch since it is near my office.  Never been here before.  Glad I stopped by.  They had stuffed cherry peppers!  Oh my goodness......so good.  Will return and try their pie next time.
at first i thought \"oh another lollicup clone\", but i have to say this place is actually better than that. the prices are also slightly cheaper and their cold tea drinks have a deeper tea flavor.. at least the honey milk tea did.\n\n+ cool tables and couches inside\n- cash only
Went to Dive Bar for happy hour and really enjoyed it. Love the beer list! The appetizers were big portions and half off during happy hour, which was great. I will definitely be back for happy hour soon.
Brianne does a fabulous job with my blonde hair! She always consults me to make sure she knows exactly what I want and suggests her own professional advice when needed. I have been so pleased with her service for the past two years that I won't trust anyone else with my hair!
Ate there forc the first time and my sandwiches were awesome. So much better than subway. I would send my friends and family there
Greatest calamari in AZ!
Yum, this place is great! I get the pesto chicken on a pita with cheese and roasted red peppers and it's awesome. Not to mention the owner is super nice, I just wish there was one of these closer to my house in Mesa
pretty rooms LAME  staff.\n\nthe chick at the FD was on her phone texting the entire time i was waiting in the lobby.  didn't even ask me why I was there (waiting for my bf to bring luggage).  \n\nI won't be staying there again.
Great gluten free menu, and they have kombucha!\n\nThe staff were super friendly and they were very accommodating to special requests (like my smoked salmon and scrambled egg with gluten-free toast).
Delicious food but way expensive for a vegan pizza.
How this place wins best burger is beyond me.  Go for the cheap beer, college vibe and drunk co-eds.  I have no idea why anyone would go for the food.
Went to the bar here....the bartender carded my bf and I both, twice...wasn't too fond of that...drinks were expensive, not that strong, decent.
Let me start by saying I love this place! Why 2 stars? Because the people who answer the phone are as dumb as dumb and rude as rude can be! It cost you you a catering order today! Wasn't just one it was 2 different people 2 separate calls!
As a parent I just can't find much nutrition in this menu plus I've never had a meal here I like.  With that being said.  My sons love this place.  Thick sweet syrup on most of the entrees and meals is probably why. When they beg to here I eat elsewhere and let them indulge
Great meal!!!! Started with the seafood plateau and finished with the filet. They nailed it!
they do not pay their billls coution if you're vendor do not trust this company they do not pay .
Went to Coffee Cove on a Monday at 6:10am. Sign says they open at 6:00am, but the shop was empty with the lights off. Is this place closed? So much for trying a new coffee shop.
Always close out sales...\nEquipped with basic sports needs...\nGreat offseason deals!
Ate here for a corporate event and had a limited menu to choose from.  From what I can tell the food was good however the location is challenging to get to.
Went to the Newtimes Brews to Benefit and discovered this little gem. Cute little place with a patio and great service. Went back again and checked in for the check in offer. Everything we ordered was great and all the food on display looked delicious!
I love this place! You always get right in, receive quality service and eat delicious food!
Pretty cool.  I'm not a rare book buyer- yet- but I probably will be down the road.  Probably wouldn't want to buy a rare book from a shop with this kind of overhead- shop at the Palazzo?  But it's worth checking out.
Lux feels trendier than I'd prefer BUT their Mac-n-Cheese is to die for.  Go get some!  You won't regret it.
This place is always busy and they are open 24 hours which is always a plus especially in Vegas. I ordered the spring rolls, egg rolls and the pho special. Delicious.!
Trying to understand why chicken on half order of nachos costs as much as on full order? Miguel, manager of the kitchen on North Hayden , reassured me that it is EXACTLY the same amount as it is on the full order....what? You be the judge...
Competent tech, got the unit running, good response, very expensive. Charges $80 per pound for R-22 freon when the current contractor purchase price is $11 per pound. If gas stations charged the same mark up, gas would be $24 per gallon. Suggest getting other quotes Fountain Hills.
Steve is spot on. His craftsmanship is top notch. He takes the time to cut every hair perfectly. In a nut shell his service exceeds expectations. \nHaircut, style, hot towel, neck and sideburns shave and a shoulder massage for a very reasonable price.\nTry it, you'll like it.
It's pretty decent pizza but boy if you try to deliver expect a half hour to hour later that they tell you,twice in a row 45 minutes turned into 1.5 hours and luke warm pizza...
The chicken is fantastic, the potatoes are amazing, and the service is prompt. I would recommend anything on the menu. This food doesn't even compare to other fried chicken joints.
Delicious sandwiches, cute boys, and kool-aid. I likey.
Decent service, poor food.  I got the fish and chips and it was more like fish out of the box and French Fries.  Really disappointing.
Got another best pizza ever tonight!! Perfect crust, sauce, and just the right amount of cheese! Perfect!! The people who work there are great too!!!
Really good food. Especially the croquettas! Service is great too :-) Plus you get a free glass of sangria when you check-in on yelp. 2 thumbs up!!
I love this place. I have been going here for years now. They changed the interior which is more inviting and open. The bar makes it a great place to watch tv and the outside patio is looking into old town. Very bright and welcoming hosts I recommend this for your breakfast place to go.
Food was okay but nothing to really rave about. Don't order the chicken breast stuffed with brie and figs. Very dry and tasteless. Panini's were pretty good and salad was good, too. Overall, I would say the ambiance was better than the food.
Best.\nFood.\nIn C-U.\n\nI realize that the bar is very low, indeed, but this place ROCKS. You will not believe how delicious it is, or how cheap. Go here now.
The BBT is by far the best bar in the Southside!  A bit off the beaten path, but the selection of food, craft beers, and great wait staff make me want to stay and hang out for hours!!  Definitely the neighborhood bar to be at! Love this place!
First time in Vegas and this was an amazing restaurant half a year later craving it again. This is a trip making restaurant anything is good on the menu highly recommended.
This Starbucks DOES seem to be a bit slower than most Starbucks, have no idea why though. I would recommend another Starbucks instead. However, a few of the times I've been have been decent. Not one of my favorite locations.
FYI to animal lovers: there are taxidermied animals EVERYWHERE. The wolf at the front and three bears in the center of the restaurant were so off-putting that we left before being seated.
A good place to eat if you're craving good BBQ. They serve their burgers with side items like beans and coleslaw. I have to say this is the best BBQ place I've had in awhile.
I hate to write such a negative review, but this might be the worst pizza I've ever had delivered. Womp womp. Even the  antipasto salad was disappointing (black olives, tomatoes, and bell peppers on a bed of lettuce) :T
Never had bad service here. Never had a bad meal here. Baja burritos are the sh*t. Carne asada and carnitas are always cooked to order here.
I ended up paying 1k for a crown that they said would be covered by my insurance. Then they billed me $50 for not going back to them.
God I miss this place. Best sandwiches in the Burgh. If you are down near the Strip, you have got to swing by here. Get the pastrami or roast beef and do not ask for the slaw or fries on the side. It's all on there for a purpose and it is a gloriously messy sandwich.
Best sushi spot ever if you go to Nevada got to go and try it I've been going here since 2009 can't visit Nevada without going to spicy tuna what's up Eddie
Pizza Blanca or Baked Ziti....yummers.  Can't I have BOTH???  Love coming here..FEELS like pizza.
sit on the patio and people watch.. great time.
great service and food.  awsome place to bring out-of-town friends.  martinis and bar staff are professional and knowledgeable!  best martinis in town.
Awesome bar happy hour with decent food offerings and drinks. Very cool interior and atmosphere. Restaurant is amazing too.
Been there about 5 times since it opened and the food has never been good.   Not much on the menu and very bland.   Service isn't the best plus you have to pay $10 to park.   Doubt I ever go back.
Expensive (more than dealership), not fast, and they REALLY do some up-selling.
In desperate need of a facial and new to the area, I chose Rochelle's based on Yelp reviews. Lyndsey gave me a deep pore facial and it was wonderful. It was fantastically relaxing and soothing. My skin is glowing.\n\nI would highly recommend Rochelle's for a facial!
Came here the other evening with the fam, it was pretty tasty. The lady behind the counter was super sweet too. We thoroughly enjoyed our frozen treats & left satisfied. Many good flavors & toppings to choose from. I can't wait to try Yogurtini next! :D
Sad experience.  Went to the drive in at 10pm and was told they could not fill an order of their 10 for $10.99.  They only had 3 pieces of chicken.  That's not enough to feed both people in the car so we just left.  The employee made it pretty clear he wouldn't make more.
Blackened catfish poboy! Nom nom!!!!!  I could have done without the craw puppies though. \n\nVery attentive service!
I absolutely agree!!!! This staff need to be trained in compassion and customer service. This location needs a total overhaul  of its staff!!!!!!! THE WORST!!!!!!
I freaking love Taco Bell. \n\nEvery time a cheesy gordita crunch is in my presence, I bust out the kleenex and vaseline.\n\nTHANK GOD FOR TACO BELL!
This place is open for breakfast on the weekends even though the yelp page says its closed. Nice relaxed atmosphere pleasant service this morning. food was fair
Amazing, 3 floors of unusual, vintage collectible toys. One of the most interesting stores i have ever visited.
We shared the hot pretzel fondue and grilled cheese sliders.  A-MAZ-ING!  Now that I know about this place, I plan to go back often to try the rest of the menu.  Our table on the patio was so comfy and our waiter Sean really made this lunch memorable as well.
Just an OK ramen place. The broth is a bit too thick and the fatty meat will melt in the broth, which makes the whole bowl more oily. Plus, service is really slow here. Not sure it's the problem of front or back of house. Hopefully there are better ramen restaurants in LV.
Frenchys was awesome! The Chicago dog tasted authentic and the dude running it was super nice who I think may have been frenchy. They took a card too which was sweet because I had no cash. If I see these dudes around again, I'll be ordering some dogs!
Coffee line uugghhh! I don't like lines, but there is almost always a reason for them! I get coffee, iced coffee, and I had a gluten free muffin once! I love coffee and when I'm on campus, I get coffee here.
Food still tastes like doo doo.\n\nAnd the service is still on par with the food.\n\nCaveat emptor.
Best in-n-Out in town
Go to another one. Car side sucks. Girl was awful. Wrong order came out then we sat for 45 min and then she forgot. It was shameful go to macaroni grill.
Had half a Greek salad and a cup of French onion soup. Good flavor. Nice decor.
This was the worst restaurant I have ever been to. Service was atrocious and food was bland. On my enchiladas they didn't even use real cheese. Waited over 20 minutes to get silverware and a drink refill.
Dropped a 5 duece in this place... and I dont mean cash.
2 Words:  Awesome Beer.  It had to be the best place in town to watch the Olympics that night.  The atmosphere was superb.  Everyone was singing along with the band while standing on there chairs (with beer in hand).  This experience has added Hofbrauhaus to my list of places to visit when I go to Munich.
The exposed wall and industrial-like atmosphere is nice. \n\nThe coffee is good. \n\nThe best thing about this place is the staff. Unlike the majority of independent coffee shops, they are extremely friendly and helpful.\n\nI'm definitely a fan.
Must try the spinach pasta with feta cheese!
Order a pizza at 9:05 pm, it didn't arrive until 10:23 pm, so it was cold and soggy. The pizza was just like any other bad pizza I've tasted, definitely not worth the wait! \n\nYou guessed it.... will never order there again! :(
Traditional Xmas Eve dinner with the fam. Fresh food and attentive, helpful service. Highly recommended.
Excellent food we've eaten here over the last couple years, food has always been great. Service is good but if you want the best service every, ask for the Hawaiian Barbie ( Maxine) she'll take GREAT care of you. She is the real deal, very friendly and very helpful. She will make your dinning experience outstanding.
Pretty good selection... i have been able to buy almost any new-non release that i wanted used!! And you dont even have to be a stoner to go in there now!
Grabbed a quick salad while waiting for a connecting flight.  Prices are what you'd expect in an airport, but quality was pretty good.  I had some kind of a pizza salad - complete with olives, pepperoni and a light dressing.  Hit the spot.
This place was excellent! We tried the Cajun shrimp boil and the lobster Mac and Cheese. Wine selection was great and the prices were very reasonable for the quality. Service was excellent. We will be back for sure!
Guess I got there on a bad day or it was the cook's day off. Server recommended the classic Primanti. The food was undercooked, cold and greasy. This is the first time I ever remember leaving a restaurant with gut-ache.
A nice place to carbo load before crashing after a night of drinking. Their nachos are PHENOMENAL but far too large for one person. Order it to share! The staff is a little punchy at the hour we were there, but with the clientele thats certainly reasonable.
Soggy pizza, $19 burger with no side, 5% concession fee whatever. This place is SO overpriced, and the food is McDonald's just way overpriced.
Awesome food! We had great service and the best Mediterranean food. It is always nice to have a restaurant that serves food other than what the mainstream serve.
Their chicken BBQ pizza is among the greaseiest I've ever consumed, but their beer selection is good, atmosphere is pleasant, and service is friendly.
This place takes forever to get your food and has bad customer service. I felt like I was ignored by the wait staff. I had asked for a drink for my daughter (which came with the kids meal) and the waitress seemed annoyed that I even asked. I won't be going back.
The staff here are really sweet. I had a iced coffee with boba that was delicious and the donuts are super soft and fresh.
Disappointing. Fried starters oozing oil everywhere ahhh! Even managed to overcook the mussels and the fries were of the frozen variety. Never asked how the food was until after we had paid and then prompted. Not recommended and in my view this is certainly not a Gastro type Pub!
Cantina Laredo is my favorite spot in Gilbert for happy hour. The margaritas are great and the service is always so quick! They have a great selection of half prices food for happy hour, my favorite is the fish tacos.
Super-divey,  locals kind of place. Everyone was friendly except one drunk young guy who was acting kind of territorial. My buddies said it was the best Bloody Mary they've had.
A bit pricey in my opinion. Everything is self serve. The bulgogi and the chicken were delicious, but all the sides were mediocre. Although the meat was good, I don't think I'll be returning.
I have eaten food from this establishment twice in the last two weeks, and though the flavors of Indian food are represented well, the meat has been overcooked and dry. \nThe restaurant service was adequate and friendly, but there is a lot left to be done here.
Poor quality furniture. Horrible customer service. Had major issues with the couches that were delivered.
Glad I went there just so I can say I was there.  The light show was disappointing tho still kinda interesting but the accompanying music I enjoyed.  The atmosphere was kinda cheap and sleazy. There are definitely sights to see but did I really want to see them.
Horrible customer service. I walked in with four customers and two employees and it took 20 minutes for anyone to acknowledge me.
This place is one of my favorites! Delicious bread, sandwiches, cookies, you name it. My personal favorites are the challah bread and sugar cookies. So yummy! I love that I get a free slice of bread with every visit and the people behind the counter are always friendly and helpful.
I will never be back here, very rude staff at checkin, valet, and service. This is an old crappy motel that has a new coat of paint and a new name.  Awful!
It's not the Four Seasons, but more appropriate for a Vegas weekend.
Dr. Neff is very friendly and gentle. He is very cautious and makes sure he is taking the best possible care of you. \n\nThey were able to get me in immediately and they were very accommodating. \n\nI would definitely use them again in a pinch!
This place sucks, non English speaking staff, the ones who can speak English are druggies, very rude to say the least... the prices are way too freakin high, how does this place stay in business...
Very helpful and provided  a thorough exam.  Staff was excellent.
I really enjoy coming here on date nights but anytime there is a wait I feel very awkward as there is no place to wait without totally being in the way.  The food is always incredible and I love the Bruschetta.  I enjoy the Sunday Brunch days with the live music as well.
I had fun. Good drinks. Good atmosphere. Honestly for location, price and day it was great. I'll return when I need a crazy night again.
I used to really enjoy this place but the last few times I have been here, the food hasn't been as good. I feel bad because I like to support local businesses however the rice has been dry and the food a little bland. I won't be returning anytime soon.
I really wanted to like this place.  But, I too was grossed out  by the flies crawling on all the pastries.  I have been in there 2 separate times to see if they had done anything about the flies -- nope.  I would love to try one of their award winning cupcakes but not while the flies have first dibs.
Run of the mill bar with dirty floors and extremely loud music.
I don't know why I go back.....there is always a really long wait. Today I waited 18 minutes in the drive thru...
Absolutely love this place! My husband and I have eaten here 3 different times and the food is excellent! Even better, the staff is vey friendly and ATTENTIVE! As a person who works in the service industry, this place takes it to the next level. :)
Stopped here after shopping at IKEA.   Food was very tastty. The lamb was grilled perfectly, Even the children's chicken was grilled well
This place is fun! You can go over & over. Go backwards from exit to entrance! Get different lights, and totally use the glasses! So trippy!! Worth the drive! The butterflies are okay, but Thor maze is way better!
I had better.\n\nFood isn't really to my taste.\nWouldn't go there again
I had the Angry dog and it was very very tasty. I will definitely be back to this place. They have unique flavors. It's not your normal hot dog stand, that's for sure!
the store and company does not care about customers that are unemployed.  They will not help with making arrangements to make\npayments every month.  They are awful.
I was just here this morning and it was all closed up :(
This is a good place to go for coffee and desert.  They serve Illy coffee, and they have a number of pastries and other goodies.  It is a little crowded and noisy, but hey - it's a cafe.
Came here to have drinks after school. This was my 2nd time here. Both times the staff weren't very friendly or welcoming. Not very attentive either.
i love this store! they have anything that i've ever needed for my baking projects. and i've been shopping with them for well over 20 years. helpful, friendly staff, great selection and great prices. and i love that it is a local business.
Just like every other target its very neat and easy to find things you need.  The downside is you always spend more than you intend to.
I love this school. I went to classes at my own pace and I was able to easily obtain my sales license and I just obtained my real estate broker license today. Amazing staff and they seemed so dedicated to helping you succeed.
I had never been to a Wing Stop before, decided to give it a try.  The taste wasn't too bad and there were enough flavor choices, but the food here is way too salty.  Probably will dine elsewhere when looking for wings next time.
Great place! I'll definitely go back often if I have the chance. I ordered the dill pickle phosphate and absolutely loved it. It is sour, but that's what I expected. Fun to look around at all the antique and vintage goods. Decor kept us busy. Worth the trip :)
777.... that's it, you don't wanna try anything else, best steak ever. Never disappoints you..my favorite late night dinning place
Good atmosphere with great food! The stuffed French toast was delicious!  Omelette was good with lots to choose from.
The fried chicken breast was dry and overcooked\n\nPotato wedges were undercooked\n\nHoney mustard gold sauce was delicious\n\nHushpuppies were good\n\nMac n cheese was pretty good\n\nYou do get stuffed for $7 though
Only reason I ate there was \"kids eat free\".  The boxed cereal was good.  Kelloggs sure does know how to make their Corn Flakes.
I prefer the Sunday brunch due to  the upgraded options. Good service for a casino buffet
This restaurant closed on 12/16/2012.
On the plus side it was a nice environment with soft but not too dark lighting. Quick and pleasant service and nice choice of both Vietnamese and Thai dishes. However I found some of the meat gristly and tofu on the soft side. In summary, okay but not one I'd rush back to again.
I only gave one start because there isn't a \"no star\" option. This particular Zales is lacking in customer service big time. If a lady named Hope is helping you... RUN! I wouldn't even recommend my worst enemy to shop at this store.
Food was alright. It is a \"fast food\" joint, so I didn't expect too much. Owners/workers were friendly though.
Since I wrote this review Craft Steak has apologized and contacted me. Again, it wasn't that a mistake was made by them it was the lack of accommodation. I feel better taken care of now and might return. I don't mine paying for anything but I expect a great experience.
Horrible service! I ordered $145 worth of pastries and they overcharged me with sansrival that I never ordered. I called them to have them remove the charge, and the supervisor said, they can't refund the charge! Worst guest service ever!
Soggy cannoli. Ahhhh. What kind of bakery does that to one of the greatest treats ever created. Damn you Nova! They deserve better love! \n\nDear Cannoli, I'll be looking for you elsewhere! Love, Your boy blue
Another one star for this place.  Who makes the customers in line wait 5+ minutes to put together an order for a pick up order?!  It would make more sense to cater to the customers in line waiting.
Last night we went to Roman Candle for a family dinner. We had horrible service. After a long long wait we were served burnt pizza with the promise that new pizza would come and we could keep both. The pizza was not worth the money. We won't be returning.
The only reason to come here is for the scenery.  It's always nice to sit right next to an aquarium, but it's a little overpriced for food that isn't anything special.
Very good food, really nice server, i think his name was Derek.  I will be back for sure.
Credit card scam!!!\n\nWe bought gas for a scooter rental for appx $4.70.  Checked my credit card the next day and was billed $101.00.\n\nThree days later the charge was changed.  Not pleased.
The 2 times we have gone there, they were closing.. What type of restaurant has soul food hours from 10:00-7:00? The average person gets off work at 5:00, that means you only have about a hour to get over there and eat. I will not be going back...ever.
Their pizza has a very unique flavor. It is wood fired or something so the crust is very crispy and black. Not a very saucy pizza. Their wine that is exclusive to them is amazing! Definitely get it if you go.
Late night dinner with the hubby.  Ordered the 2 person feast and walking out with lunch for two.  This is just a ton of food. It was really good though. Love the choices of barbecue sauce!  Happy hour at 9 with 2-4-6 apps and drinks. Sat in the bar.. awesome service.
Good, good drinks, ok food. Burger was the best and it's better than spending a fortune in Palms. And it's open 24/7. do not eat anything fancy.
Good place for kids to play. Lots of toys and equipment.  But it's pricy. $11 per child! I have 3 kids. That's very expensive for just approx an hr of play. They need to give some sort of discount  for people with multiple children.
Awesome food! Sweet potato fries are worth the trip by themselves!
This car rental center is really set up well...we have only have quick & fast help here in the rental center.  Once we get to the car rental company you  chose that's another review - ALAMO I'm talking about you!!\n\nIt's clean and cool in there. :)
Not sure what all the hypes about..   but you can almost read the newspaper thru a larfe peperoni pizza with extra cheese.... paid 43 bucks for 2 pizzas. I am not impressed. Step up your game Oreganos!!
Crowd at the palms sucks big time. avoid, head to much classier venues like Cesars or Bellagio.
Great Facility.
What a find!  Great little place to enjoy a delicious breakfast and watch vintage planes (classic model planes hang from the ceiling) at the Chandler Muni Airport.  The servers are friendly and efficient.  Regulars are greeted by name.  I'll certainly be back for more of these perfect, blueberry pancakes.....
Service is not too good.  Food is okay but not great.
had a maple bacon bar for lunch and I am a fan...will be back to try other flavors...
Took our guests from Ohio to see this unique place, and we wanted to see it too. We waited over 45 minutes and no one showed to open the gates. Very under managed and disorganized. We left to see other sites, could not wait all day!!
Copps is alright, but they are expensive.  They have a nice selection of produce, but their meat prices are high.
This place is awesome. The manager went above and beyond to make sure we had exactly what we needed and more. I'd definitely come back to this place if I lived anywhere near this town.
I learned my lesson...do not waste your money stopping at this bar to get the super large margaritas. I paid $40 for 32 oz tasteless frozen lemonade they called margarita. the $1 margaritas at the Casino Royale bar taste way better than what these liars sell
Great service, decent price, small portions...\n\nI ordered hummus, pesto and veggies on flatbread, it was tasty, but I had garlic breath for the rest of the day afterward.  Passable for a fast and inexpensive lunch, but not something I would seek out.
Not bad... nice large prtions... well cooked food... not Taiwan but for Vegas.. better than most...
I can not put enough positive words together to describe this restaurant! The staff, management, cocktails, food, and atmosphere are exceptional!! This is a definite enjoyable dining experience on all levels!
Wow!  Our steel cabana/canopy bed, Kama del Sol, was delivered today!  Joe and Nina are amazing!  It is beautiful!  These guys are artists.  We ordered the large fireplace today.  Their products are heavy, well made, and last forever.  We will never buy outdoor furniture anywhere else.  Thanks, Joe!
Good curry. Liked the thai style spider roll. Wife said the chinese was good. something for everyone you should try it!
Many of the activities advertised were broken and the staff was rude to us when we tried to bring it up with them.
Had dinner with my family and it was excellent. The service was quick and prompt and excellent also. Would dine there again...
Had a great time with some friends playing pool  Plenty of tables, friendly staff, good selection of draft beers!
We come to this theater because of their restrict No Cellphone & No Talking policy that is enforced. We love that we can truly enjoy a movies without having to worry about distractions.
This new location is great! Steaks are always delicious! We had a bad experience with the hostess seating people before us who had come in after us. The hostess explained that they were 'regulars' so they received preferred seating. My husband complained to the manager who later haves us dinner and dessert on the house. Can't beat that!
Great fish and coral store. Kyle is a great guy and Very helpful. Their fish is quarantine so u know they r healthy. Bought couple of sea horses and they r doing great. Very good selection.
Wings soggy and cold, beer is warm, service is super slow, they overcharge also, not worth it!
So if you are thinking family style, you are wrong.  The food wasn't bad. Like any other Asian place. Over priced for the portion. Would not come back. Left hungry. Oh and drinks are $4 and you don't get refills.
they are no longer at the fashion show mall :( i only know of the one in the cosmo now
Of course I love the clothes ... but how can I avoid the mean associates that work here?  I wish I could try one clothes and purchase them without interacting with them. Ha!
I have been to probably 40-50 different restaurants in Arizona. There is no place that even comes close to how awful the food is at this place. I understand it might be a cool spot to hang out at and maybe they have some good margaritas but you really cannot find a place that has worse food. DISGUSTING!
awesome place, on my top 3 in Charlotte. great burgers, love the fries and sauce. Good beer good seating indoor and out. Very much recomend this place.
The cheese dip the chorizo is a must
Soup was way too salty.  Atmosphere was really nice.  Meal was just too expensive for what you're getting.  I threw away leftovers after leaving.  Didn't want to taste it again after all.  Calimari was bland.  P.F. Changs is way better.
Used to be tasty, this place has gone downhill with the new owners. The soups taste different. The cooks are no longer Vietnamese. The lamb is really goat meat. But the one saving grace of the place is the banh mi (sandwiches). Get the grilled pork sandwich, so much better than Lee's.
A great local place for a filling breakfast!  Just get ready to wait for a table...the space is small but they do a good job of getting people in and out quickly!
Super cute and the quiche is scrumptious. Went for a layover, not too far from downtown and fell in love with the awesome vibe. If ever I'm in Phoenix, I'll be coming back for sure!
Loved this place. It was my first time going with some friends. Great beers on tap and you can try a new one every time you go. Go after work with some friends and enjoy HAPPY HOUR!!!
Cool place to come kill some time,I come here to buy my levis, cus they got the big sizes. Also ther is a place that sells Chicano rap CDs
the waterfall behind the dj is the only amazing thing about this place. It's filled with 40 yr olds, and they play top 40 songs mixed with random hip-hop music. Makes me feel like im at an 18+ club with creepers all over again...even the go-go dancers don't seem to enjoy it
As a creater of homelessness I realize the human cost. This location has good books.
The customer service is horrible which is too bad because the food is great. But button-line is I just can't ever go back, customer service is key to enjoying a meal.
Joanna Is an exceptional Henna artist. She is honest, on time, and works hard with a big smile! She has done henna on me several times and is a pleasure to work with. I highly recommend Joanna 23 :)
Had oil changed here yesterday. After trying to be up sold on everything I got my truck home and I have oil drips on my garage floor from leaks. Also have oil smudges all over my door and hood from the mechanics. I will not go here again!
360, yeah you really got it twisted with the name. The place is 360 and nothing about it is gourmet, more like 360 Garbage. Roberto's needs to open a place in this airport and fast. Please!!!!!
I am totally enjoyed my time at P.P's. I really like how they provide the wine and other treats. The instructor was great & the staff at P.P's were very welcoming. I would definitely would go back for another painting session.
Horrible service by an overworked, tired looking, grouchy waitress named TRACY. \nSlow service, cold food, Just Awful!
Terrible food.  Same with the service. Save your money for somewhere better and one that is worth it.
Look, it is a low-end Denny's located on the 1st floor of the Las Vegas hotel. When you're hung over, it isn't bad. \n\n$14 omelets, $3.25 coffee.
Good selection of snacks.  Convenient gas stop right next to my better half's work.
Really bad service, i was just trying to extend the rental and no one was answering my call at (702)216-7510, bad customer service !!!!  Dont count my single star.
For the hot pot fans who had sampled many similar type establishments in So/No California, I think you will be up for a huge disappointment. However, according to many of the locals, there are not many hot pot options exist in Las Vegas.
Always friendly and quick service. Their bread is fantastic.
I was very disappointed with my entr\u00e9e purchase. Most of it was vegetables and hardly was actually the beef that I ordered.
The food as ok...I got the brie cheese burger and my bf got the hungover omelet.. neither one of us were to thrilled about it. If there is a next time, I'll just try there ice cream since that is what they are known for.
Great food. Easy to get to.  Great service.  We walked in at 530 and sat a sushi bar with no wait.  Prices were reasonable.  We had the sashimi salad and it was wonderful and a really big portion.
Love coming here to meet a friend and  catch up over a cup of iced green tea or with the family for a relaxing weekend breakfast and game of checkers. Kids look forward to their smoothies. Super friendly staff.
I had the best relaxing experience while getting my lashes done. Very professional, nice, beautiful people.
Coolest thing we did in Vegas!,.or maybe ever. You won't die or get hurt! Don't hesitate just go... They even pick you up and give you a free Tshirt. If you go at 7am you get 20% off! Such an awesome experience
Really enjoyed our first full day in the homeland. What better way for me to top it off than a great contemporary worship service with my fellow Scots. A beautiful old Kirk that had been nicely updated, friendly, warm, and alive! Thank you all for a memory I will always treasure!
Had the lamb. Very fatty. Slow service. Great view
If anyone is thinking about using this company read Madison's review. She is spot on about this company, the people, the lack of professionalism, the lack of respect for their customers and the work they do.
Over-priced miniature food portions. What a novel idea. This was such a disappointment because the food tasted pretty good but the portions were tiny. I mean extremely small. Kid-sized. Sorry, I will not be returning.
The Good Egg just opened at the Safeway anchored shopping center at Happy Valley Road & 39th Avenue (Stetson Village Shopping Center).  The service was fast and the food was great!
Jim & Brook went above and beyond for us! My husband has a sesame allergy and have been having the worst luck lately when we eat out that we were at the point where we didn't want to eat out anymore. They went y the kitchen personally and checked ingredients! Awesome people..great experience!!!!
For the past few years we have loved this restaurant, however customer service has not been the best. Its time to find another sushi place. Not interested anymore. If the owner doesn't care about customer service why the sushi chefs care! BAD SERVICE!!
This place is a good place to go for appitizers and a drink I usually come here after first friday or after a theatre show. It's fine.  works for me because of location the brie salad is quite tasty and  I like the live piano playing that's a nice touch.
The best Antipasto Salad!!! It's best to eat it at the restaurant instead of taking it home. If you take it home, the salad soaks a bit and will not be the same. Since it is a local favorite, be sure to call to reserve your seat. It is always packed.
Eggplant pomodoro was soooooo KILLIN'! Service was nice and attentive, no wait for a table, and there wasn't an unhappy diner at our table.
Mediocre at best. Ordered in and food took an hour and a half to arrive. It was lukewarm. Miso soup was fine, but how do you screw that up?
When first walking into the restaurant, the aroma of delicious food awaits. The service is immediate when you first walk through the door. The food feels like it takes years to come out but the wait is well worth it. Everyone in the dining hall is extremely friendly and the food is well recommended.
This place is super close to where I live and I am glad it is. I have ordered from them twice and both times I was not disappointed. Pizza and wings hit the spot!
Great hole in the wall, service was good, food was great and quick. The potatoes were really really good, I would definitely return.
Great room, fun pool area, and GREAT location. Only an $9 cab ride from strip but the front desk is ridiculously unprofessional if you can ignore them and don't have many request it's a perfect stay.
Servers drinking behind cut outs by bar,e smokers in bar dining really still city ordinance outside only! Waiter have to flag down to get a refill or an order I know it's Friday night but rules still apply!
$6.99 breakfast from 7-10 m-f\n\nUgh... I couldn't eat 3/4 of the things they had. The cheese the in made to order omelette was 1/2 cooked, the bacon was rubber, the sausage ugh... wont be  back.
Ordered this pizza, sausage & pepperoni, price not bad $18.50 for a delivered large, but it just has like absolutely NO taste, doesn't taste bad, just not like anything. Think someone stole their spice rack & they better get a new one. Wouldn't order again (sorry)
I wanted to see what all the hype was about, but i was disappointed.  The food is okay at best.  It seems like they tried to create a fusion menu, but everything fell short (either too salty, or too sweet).
Charlestons was our \"go to\" place to take special friends.  We went there for the first time this year and found higher prices, no salad or the delicious croissant.  This was definitely a disappointment!!!! The prime rib was fine...nothing special.  We'll find a different restaurant next time.
What a fun show! The lyrics to all the familiar songs are hilarious. Men would enjoy the humor too! My mom loved the show as well. Even though my mom didn't entirely understand what they were saying, she was laughing the entire night. Their facial expressions and their dance moves are cute and funny.
China One is a good restaurant to grab a tasty fast meal. They wok their food fresh to order and we have always enjoyed both delivery and dining at the restaurant. I would recommend China One.
Okay breakfast. Staff was nice.\n\nA bit slow for a Saturday morning...took them a fee extra minutes for our food. Breakfast menu on part with any fast food joint.
Whiskey river! Always a good choice.
What can I say this place is a dive bar and they offer egg roles but I don't dare try them. If you want to have a low key night where you can let your alcoholism run wild this is the bar.
This place has pretty good breakfast.  It's far better then Denny's, but not as good as T.C. Eggington's... It's also priced pretty good compared to the huge food portions you get.  I had their country fried steak, which I would recommend to anyone.
Love the frozen fruits! I like small intimate pool parties! I hate feeling like a sardine in a can!
best place ever!! come here every friday. food is great & service is amazing!
Waste of time, save your money. Way too expensive for nothing.
Closed permanently don't bother.
Whats up with this Staind wanna be band on Paddys Day? They arent good for the crowd
Like the food but what is it about this location and the music. Always way too loud. The staff is friendly but don't go here expecting to be able to chat with the people you are having lunch with. Some days it's like being at a Nine Inch Nails concert.
Love it. The food is good, the service is GREAT. I just love this place!!!! SLIDERS ALL THE WAY!!
Delicious Mexican enchiladas, good rice & beans! This place is a great spot for real fusion food! The service is very friendly and helpful.
This may be my favorite restaurant in the world. The flavors you discover sitting at your table here are amazing and the staff is amazingly kind and attentive. I've eaten her twice now and will be back many more times. The yellowtail with jalapeno is a taste delight.
18.95$ for lunch, the setting is tight, food is not as good as the one in the outlet(which was closed forever). Parking space is not easy to find.but overall value is still better than any other buffet in LV.
They r no longer have the happy hour anymore, and they charge 2 dollars for water in the glass.
Terrible, awful sandwiches. Seriously gross.  The pizza looks tasty (but looks can be deceiving).
Very good Burritoes and tacos ! Live nearby so happy it opened recently !
Probably the best happy hour in town -  I always enjoy this place. Service quality and prices are amazing. The only place in town to get a quality draft beer without getting ripped off. Great! Plus, you can always find parking close by.
Great old 50's ambiance. Waiters and bartenders are professionals and ensure that you have a good dining experience. Steaks are good. My preference is always the rib eye. I also like to order the stone crab when it's in season.
We had delivery the other night and everything was great. I especially love the honey walnut shrimp.
Local Pizza restaurant in Matthews, I sent my niece, daughter and little niece to eat and the staff was very rude! They had two servers and they seem discombobulated will never recommend this pizzeria to anyone in the neighborhood better off going to Jets Pizza!!!!
Always crowded, and it can get hard to park.
It's a small store, I wouldn't go out of my way to check this place out, but if you're in the area stop in. The manager is very friendly and chatty. \n\nWe didn't get to stay very long, my little boy was scared.
Freshest, cheapest fast food meal.  The parking lot is a pain in the rear though, almost impossible to get parking on a weekend or evening.
I went there once about 10am, sat down waited for 15 minutes, no one came, I left.\nI forgot to mention, I was the only customer there.
Delicious food and great atmosphere. The waitstaff is so-so which is why we're only giving it a four star review.
Kinda like a family Italian joint but too bright inside. Food is good enough for what it is and service is sufficient. Food is a 6 on a scale of 1 to 10. Not great not bad. Cutesy place with an \"almost\" feel. Experience it for yourself. You will understand what I mean.
We had the spring rolls as an appetizer and those were pretty good. Nothing special though. The red curry was not the best I've ever had. I ordered level 3 spice and it was so hot I could hardly eat it. The service was less than average. Overall, not impressed with this place.
Tried to stop in with my wife on a Saturday afternoon and found out it was going to cost $35 for a lane plus $8 to get shoes.   Seems a little expensive to just go and bowl a few frames with someone.  I can understand that they are looking to maximize their price for a group but it seemed excessive.
Absolutely the worst experience. Waited half an hour for a shuttle that cost $10 less than a taxi to be crammed like sardines into a van. Pay the extra $10 and take a cab.
Fun college bar.  This is the place to go see girls dancing on the bar.  Top 40 music.
Tried their smoothies several times and several different flavors and I am not a fan.  I can make a better smoothie with my VitaMix!  I prefer Jamba Juice.  \nI do love their spinach wrap (Popeye's Favorite).  Have had it many times and it never disappoints.
I'm a little bit disappointed.  I tried to order a smaller custom cake for a very special occasion.  Even though I inquired over 3 weeks in advance, they declined because they're too busy.
I guess this is somewhere between a 'five guys' and a 'grind' in terms of price and quality.  I was hoping that the coal fire would distinguish it a little more.  We'll leave the mark at slightly above average for now.
Great Good - Great Service!!- Easy to get to.
Smoked meat is pretty good considering the reputation of the restaurant.
Wide variety of flavors from super sweet to decadent to fruity. Great value - great taste. The GOOGLE MAP attached to the addressed is hosed. The Frost Gelato Shoppe is actually in San Tan Village mall next to  Brio Tuscan Grille
Milkshake! need I say more?
Lamb was way overcooked but otherwise tasted good. Beets were literally inedible thanks to way too much salt, and the waitres didn't even offer to remove them from the bill or bring another dish when that was pointed out.  Flatbread was good.
Service is slow, and the salad I ordered was a little smaller than expected. Either way, the food was okay and staff were friendly
food not hot, no flavor. people were nice.
I went to the bar with friends in the evening. Great wine, great place, but the bar seats are uncomfortable and the iPad menus barely work. Get a glass of wine at Strip Steak instead.
Their bartender just refused my girlfriend a ginger ale because she didn't have ID. Terrible customer service.
The fiod is great. They really need to expand the space, . Its pretty crowded. Service was fast and friendly .
We chose this place because of all the terrific reviews, so I am not sure what happened.  My wife sandwich was horrible and my short rib meal of the day was nothing special. I would have expected so much better especially for the price.
Back at The Stratosphere Buffett last weekend.   I got Buffett comps or I wouldn't have gone back.   The food choices and quality have not changed.  You may as well go to Old Country Buffett.......both are terrible.
Horrible service, after waiting 2 hours to get shuttle to pick up (only take 10 minute for the taxi to get our hotel from airport) never never  do business with this company again, especially in Vegas...save your money and your time, stay away from them
Enjoyed the burger. Was Definitely a messy burger but had good taste. Their selection of fries was ok...we had the buffalo fries with blue cheese and it was just to overpowering. Service wasn't as good as I expected but a good place to eat if you don't want anything special.
My friend got a tuna sandwich from here and after he ate it didn't feel so hot. Being wise and knowledgeable I knew better then to eat at this place. Sure glad I didnt have a sandwich. Fremont street sucks.
Tried suzie Q, it's pretty nice. A decent bagel breakfast with coffee.
We got a two room suite with a kitchenette. The beds are comfortable and the kitchen is great. They have a full breakfast Buffett that is delicious. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They also have a shuttle that takes you right to the strip.
Absolutely amazing!  Dennis is by far and away the most talented, creative, personable and exciting chef I have ever had the pleasure to work with.  His food tastes even better than it looks, which seems impossible when you look how inventive his food is!  I would NEVER consider using any other caterer ever again.
Sighs I think they place may be overhyped. We came here expecting amazing steak and eggs at an amazing price. =/ The food was alright, you kinda get what you pay for and that's what we got.
The food was too greasy and the chips were stale. I asked the waiter about it and he said they only make the chips once a week so that's why they were stale; lame.
This place is right next to a bunch of apartments and it must make the residents there miserable.  The clientele lack...basic humanity.  The interior is absolutely disgusting.  And it belches out ear-splitting, horrible music well after last call.  Avoid this nightmare.
Alex does the best job on my hair! She does exactly what I ask for and it always turns out great ! She is a pro at everything whether its coloring or cuts. Everyone at this salon is so nice too and I always walk out happy!
Excellent atmosphere and friendly service.   Food was great.
This show is WAY overrated in my opinion.  I know it is Vegas, but they don't need to make the entire dialogue sexually oriented.  It feels a bit juvenile after a while.
Poor practice room etiquette. Teachers need to be more helpful with new students, the poor women next to me was struggling the whole class with no help from the teacher and no instruction to listen to your body and sit or lay down when you need to. Also music at the end, something new for me! Not sure how I feel about this studio.
Replaced my watch battery and fixed the inside of another watch for $5 a piece. Super cheap considering the ones in the mall quoted me like $25+ to replace one battery. I was so impressed at how quick & nice the gentlemen was who works there.  He even added a diamond stud that had fallen out for free, so sweet.
This is a great place!! I'm a big eating caveman, so I got two sandwiches. I ordered the pizza and the turkey with bacon. The pizza had a fantastic flavor. The turkey is exactly what you would expect. The bacon made the sandwich pop though. Very fast service. Great lunch spot.
Service was TERRIBLE!  The waitress' name was Jessica and she ignored our table after dropping off the food. She had NO manners. Other waitresses picked up the slack, but still not good enough. Waitress looked like it was miserable to work here.
Our favorite place in Tempe for Mexican. My wife goes for the Gollo burrito and I the Machaca both green style. It's fantastic and pretty cheap.
Food I good...slowest service ever. 2 trips now and it takes forever to get your food. Very friendly but way too slow.
Food was way overpriced for the taste. Beans overcooked. Tortillas seemed stale. Server was horrible. Avoid this place. Dont waste ur $. Sorry bout iiiiit.
Enjoyed my veggie burger with fries. Service sucked the last 2 times. We had to flag down a waitress to get our refills. Next time we'll do take out to avoid tipping poor service
They've been here less than 2 years and have raised most prices of their spirits by $2-$4 dollars in this brief period. In this economy and with gas prices falling, they must be insane!
The bread was great. The rest of the meal either tasted bitter or like it came out of a can. \n\nI was very disappointed. \n\nThe waiter was creepy, slow and thought he was funny. \n\nPerhaps I just came on an off night.
Expensive as crap for no reason. In the entire Buffett (which wasn't really a big selection) only the steak was alright. Fried fish was ok also. Nothing was awesome tho. Dessert (if one would call it that) was terrible. I've had Golden Corral better than this.
Wow, this was tasteless food. Even the salsa for the chips was thin and tasteless. I had a carne asada burrito that was dry and 90% tortilla. The rest of the table \nexperienced the same thing. Eat somewhere else.
Reminded me of a large Sizzler. Totally lacking in food taste and presentation. The buffets at Wynn and M Resort are much better. \n\nShame because the rest of what Bellagio has to offer is top notch.
Nothing spectacular, but close to home. \n\nMy husband and I have dined here multiple times. The food is nothing to brag--or complain about. It fills the void and is close to home. We enjoy coming here for Taco Tuesday. $2 chicken or beef tacos. You really can't beat it.
Combo pan roast is the best thing I've tasted in my life lol. It never disappoints me. I like this location because of the water fall, and of course there's always great seating with no long waits.
Really awful. Extremely salty. Spent the rest of the day in the bathroom or sleeping. Today not too much better. Never again.
Staff was nice and the cupcakes were great! Everyone that had one is going there now to get more. Definitely my go to spot for pastries!
I been to other Middle eastern restaurants, all of them famous with their stinky floor and stuff. But when I tried this restuarant I found out that was one of the best and cleanst restaurants ever I tried in my life. They have fresh and tastey meat. I recomend this awesome restaurant for everyone.
Nice little spot with friendly staff, good music and great pizza. Had the Rustica and the pepperoni pizza. Both were really friggin good! \nAlso had tiramisu for dessert that was absolutely decadent. Food here is fantastic, hands down.
Small and not enough room. Avoid this place if you're bringing a whole team. Last resort.
Bad, bad, bad. They said 45-50 minutes and it didn't get here for an hour and a half. Their flyer prices totalled $15 but they charged $19. \n\nDon't order here!  Anywhere else.
Coworker found this restaurant on Yelp. The Belgium Waffle was overcooked yet the batter was very tasty. The waitstaff was definitely the most enjoyable part of this restaurant.
Decent venue, I honestly wouldn't go here just for a drink though. I've only gone here to see band I know, play. The sound is pretty good though and I like that it's right next to Waffle House, so after shows we can grab a bite to eat.
This radio station is awesome.  Best rock/classic rock radio station in the valley. \n\nAll DJs are excellent.  \n\nCheck out Sludge and the crew for their morning show Monday thru Friday.
Great to see a Total Wine closer to where I live.  Large selection and decent prices. Used the $10 off coupon from the newspaper to buy a nice Napa Cab this afternoon.
Excellent food portions - great customer service!
Last night I ordered the chicken pita and the chicken wasn't fully cooked. I got food poisoning and am in the hospital.
busy, but good food. loats a kids and young families. There are huge TVs everywhere so it is a bit distracting. There is normally a bit of a line up for brunch on the wknds but the servers are nice and the food comes fast.
Waited long enough in line to write this review with 15 min extra to spare.\n\nOh, yeah. There is no line. I'm just standing here at the counter with cash in hand as every employee here wonders around aimlessly. \n\nUse the oreilly's  auto parts across the street.
You order at a counter and that is just weird.  The sandwich was mediocre, but the Mac and Cheese was good.  I probably will not be back.
Has a great selection of foods for buffet that can cater to vegetarians and non-veg alike including standard dishes like paneer, naan and channa but also had unique dishes like indian-chinese, lamb and beef.
Wasnt sure what to expect when i first walked up. Looked small when we walked up but as soon as we walked in the doors it opens up into a much larger indoor/outdoor club. Very cool set up and i really enjoy the more casual dress attire especially in the summer. Definetly a fun spot.
Picked up a cake for my daughters 21st birthday. What you see in the pictures online is definitely what you get.  It was so perfect in every way. The cake itself was so fresh and moist and plenty of frosting for everyone.  Thank you.
Being from a Chicago land Neighborhood that had many pizza delivery choices (Rosati's being one of them) I have found my pizza home. This is the closest pie I have found to Chitown. I no longer feel the need to buy a plane ticket to get my pizza fix.
Will not go back ever again! Horrible customer service and food was mediocre and overpriced! I didn't like the fact that only the person in charge of putting soap in your hands was the only one who took good care of me!
First time here and I will definitely be coming back. They were very busy but I never felt rushed and I didn't feel shortchanged. Thank you for the pampering!
Good location. Clean rooms. Check in took at least an hour.. Didn't eat inside hotel cuz everything closed around 10 or 11pm... Nice to have a rollercoaster outside your window..staff was very friendly
My favorite teriyaki place. I had an issue with the one of the staff one time but I expressed my concern to one of the supervisors and it never happened again. This place is cheap, convenient  and yummy - love it!
Great happy hour and the food is delicious!
Very happy!  My wife and I both had the one hour session and they were very nice and professional.  I'm looking forward to seeing you again.
My husband and I have been to the Wonder Bar two times. We cannot get over how tender and perfectly prepared the steak is. The atmosphere is quaint and charming. \nHighly recommend a date night to the Wonder Bar...you won't be disappointed.
We just moved to Buckeye, (Verrado) and was experience was awesome, Yes its in Downtown Buckeye, not a nice place to say the least, but its worth the experience.
Scam artist. $598 to clear drain. Went to home \n depot rented snake $40 and now fixed
Excellent value, quality and service. I highly recommend this spa! The only awkward element of the spa is the rooms are only separated by curtains and you can easily hear into the other rooms. Aside from that, it's a excellent value, with friendly staff who do a great job!
I had the chili on Wednesday.. the green one.\n\nIt was as yummy as it looked!\n\nI had to give it one more star!
Mandarin Bar is on the 23rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental.  This bar has a really nice view of the strip.  I do not think it's the best view; it's only 23 floors up.  But still, it is a great view while you sip on some really good and pricey drinks.  They mix the drinks pretty good.
Pretty Awesome race cars on Display. The best Part is its Free to visit and well worth the visit. If your in Scottsdale and have some free time spend some here.
foods good. experience sucks. all i got was take out ... and my order was clearly forgotten whilest me and my boyfriend sat for 45 minutes as other take-out orders left within 15 minutes. i mean, what the fuck? i could've ate there and been in and out quicker.
The food was good but the staff has something else on their mind distracting them. \n\nWhen i went in it wasn't very busy so there should be no excuse for the employee's poor listening skills. My friends and I had to continuously repeat what we wanted in our burritos.
Neener neener neener!\n\nThis review is simply for my East Coast friends to rub it in their faces that I had mine ANIMAL STYLE, baby!
I had the chili relleno, it was good, but it had no sauce on it...missed opportunity for sure..sauce gives food life, especially with their Mexican Asian premiss.  If they could engineer a Mexican Asian fusion sauce to put on that Relleno it would knock it out of the park for sure.
I've been to both locations Descent service , burgers were very good.
Had a horrible time here.  service is horrible everyone is robotic and it was noisy on my floor, i left the day before check out it was that bad. wrote a formal complaint and they didnt do anything.  oh well guess i wont be doing business there
Tried the carne asada Torta today and it was pretty good. Good place if you're looking for a true inexpensive Mexican food restaurant in El Mirage. Very clean with friendly staff.
Dear reviewers reading,\nI normally go to the Arrowhead JC Penny, its nicer and bigger. I read he reviews on here saying that this one is bigger, I could honestly say they didn't carry a large selection of dresses here at all. Also the ladies selection here is much smaller. I was disappointed and left.
Bartender sucks!!!!!!!! Go to the casino and order your drinks!!!!! Hope the food is better. Food was good, service (including waitress) sucks!!! Dont know why Red Rock hosts this establishment????
Food was ok. I won't be back though.\nService was good.\nSelection of sake was very....impressive!
SEO can be so confusing and overwhelming. When I got to LeRiche Marketing's website I felt like he was talking right to me. They put your mind at ease. I feel confident recommending them to clients.
So disappointed in this restaurant.  Maggiano's  is one of my favorite restaurants in the Chicago area. However, this restaurant left me homesick for the Maggiano's from Chicago. I don't know what they are doing here but the food didn't taste the same, sad.
Food was very tasty and the presentation  was exceptional.  I would have preferred a larger portion. It seems in France you get generous portions, but French restaurants in the U.S. Not so much. It seemed a little pricey for the amount of food.
Really great croissants and expresso drinks!! I love that this place is in Goodyear...where there aren't many great local coffee/bakery places around. The workers are really nice here too.
Great food, great service, at a good price. Tomato bisque was excellent, topped with homemade cruttons and shredded cheese. Also had a chicken shawarma, that was also tasty.
This is THE place to go in town for a greaser do. Old school barber shop. You can get a kick *** pompadore with all the grease at a very reasonable price.
Cheap, ripe Avocados. TIGHT aisles. Great produce selection. Inexpensive. Funky.
Best pizza in town. Perfect crust that is crispy on the bottom and not too chewy. Get the Plaza.
This is a great shop with a great owner. I was very fortunate (or lucky) and got a session after walking in. Jonathan was very welcoming and worked with me to perfect my design, even talking me out of going overboard. His work is amazing. I defiantly recommend this shop.
The girls here are so nice and very beautiful! I have never had such nice service. Also, best tanning deals in Tempe AZ!!
Love this place, no doubt. I love to shop and can find myself lost for hours in this store due to the \"department like\" options or can run in and grab something on the fly. The prices are always super reasonable and the staff is always courteous and helpful.
I went to the Gilbert location on Ray Road.  My Sedona Red Rocks Pass was stolen from my glove box.  When I went back and told the management, they really didn't seem to care.  I would not recommend this place, unless you like being riped off!!!!
Horrible service. Our waitress sucked and the food wasn't all that great. One star and that's only cause I'm feeling nice
Best service, best deals, hands down my new favorite place. I've sold guns & ammo to them when times were hard & bought guns from them when times were good. I will be back!
I would give it no stars if it was an option. Saw a roach on the wall and the guy at the register said \"better on the wall\". Food was ok, butter chicken so so.
Me and my gf came here and are avid Italian food eaters and heard this place was well known so we decided to give it a try. The menu wasn't too appealing and didnt have a lot of options plus we were the only people in there. I wouldnt come here again. Carrabas is 1000 times better!
Very good price for some designer brand. Esp like their underwear section
Good waffles, I guess they should have since that's what their name is....lol\nAsked for crispy bacon but not as the way I like it.
Mochiko chicken and chicken katsu is the best. Love that I can make brown rice, fried rice.
Ate there around 10:30pm ish last night.  Around 1am ish, me and my little 6 yrs old boy has food poisoning from that place.  We're at the UMC urgent care right now.  Hope that help.  I've also filed a complaint with the Health department.
I live close so I normally end up here once a week. Highly suggest getting the tangy gold hot wings.
We like this movie theater.  It's always clean and never crowded.  Movie prices suck of courseBut if you go before noon is not to bad.  Get the cup I'd you come more than twice.  It's worth it.
JULY 4TH WEEKEND it cost $79.99 plus tax for the pass, crazy
My friends and I ate at Humble Pie on 7th St last night and we had awesome, reasonably priced food that came out super fast!  Our server, Kyle (aka Bubbles), was fantastic!  We had so much fun and we will definitely be back!
Great location with a drive-thru. I never have to wait too long for a drink when I walk on or use the drive-thru. The beverages are made the way I order them and I have never had any issues.
The cheapest, most tasteless mexican food I've ever had. Very greasy,\nhorrible cheese.
My first time at express nail I was so impressed but now the owners moved across the street by subway on the southeast corner of via Linda and Pima and after such amazing service today at nail brand this will def be my new fav nail place ! *** btw they are having an awesome special right now ***
If it weren't for average food, bad service and the dirty environment i'd have nothing to say but good about the place.
I appreciate the quick response from Fox apologizing for the wait. Maybe it was just bad timing. Two more stars for customer service.
This place sucks! They have really bad service. I ordered (fake) orange juice, and I got charged for refills (without them telling me they were charging me )Save yourself a headache and just go some where else.
The food here was good and unique! I would recommend slightly dressing up... like with slacks and a nicer shirt/top. I went in a t-shirt, capris, and flip-flops and felt under-dressed.
Average theatre, but it is centrally located in the city which is cool
It has a nice view of the street, I mean the Bellagio fountain. Food is ok, and ambiance is nice, but loud.
A line of cars  around the block for lunch time.\nThe french fries are hand pressed right from potato into the oil hamburgers are always delicious, the location is right on the corner of Bell and 83rd right on the south East corner.
I was really disappointed by this experience. I'm from the south and we love are buttery foods, but the cupcake and the frosting were way too greasy/buttery/heavy.
BAM! This place freakin rocks. Case closed.
Half the staff is snotty, but the music is sometimes good, as are about half the baked goods and the spanish lattes and white mochas. Icky sandwiches, sadly. Pick off most of the veggies to make them passable. The black and white cookies, however, are a good, cake-like bet.
My favorite place to get a coffee.  Nice and clean with delicious (if overpriced) desserts.
I'm a guy, I don't require much time or effort for my haircut.  I tried the check in app for phone and it saved me some waiting time.  You know, the one guy or family the  runs to the door ahead of you causing an extra long waiting time.  Great idea on the app.
I'm a loyal customer!  I love that I can order an unwich and have it delivered in less then 15 minute!  The employees have always been very friendly and proof that I'm there to much, they know me when I call!  LOL
Had breakfast for Fathers Day with a party of 12.  We were seated and served promptly.  The food was at our table very soon after ordering and it tasted great.  I really liked this place.  The hostess and waitress were great!  I will return!
I don't know what else to say, great price, great flavor, fresh, friendly staff, we liked it so much I ordered a 3rd pizza and this time I picked the toppings and they put in everything I asked still the same price and it was amazing. Dare I say this is my favorite pizza and fast causal dinning place.
I'm going to need the Chicken Box to step it up a notch.  My last couple of visits were just ok, but they've always been inconsistent so I guess I could be blamed for continuing to go back.
Loved the lamb madras and the Peshawar Nann. The lamb was cooked well with just the right amount of spices. The peshawar nann was something I never had before. It was filled with shredded coconuts, cherries and cashew nuts.
The location is good, but the food is far from authentic Japanese food. The teriyaki sauce seems fake. Better choices for Japanese food in town would be Yellowfin or Kamakura. I thought the prices were too high for what you got. College kids might enjoy the large portions of food however.
Fell sick the next day. Ruined Vegas trip
Nasty, nasty...dirty. Dim Sum happy hour was nothing to write about. The food set me back to not set in their doors again.
Clean and friendly environment.  I was ready to give them 5 stars, but my big toe was swollen for a week after my pedicure, and that has never happened to me before. :(
Rude and too much clutter!! Don't have any prices on braiding hair packages.  They charge a different price for braiding hair every time I shop here. I'm done! No more!
Burger was good. Grilled chicken sandwich was good. Liked having French roll available instead of burger bun and honey mustard instead of mayo. Was surprised that the price was no more expensive than a combo at a fast food joint but much better dining experience. Would definitely dine here again.
This is our regular Thai place. Love the curry and the staff. When they know it is for you when you call it in, you know you eat there too often. I have tried several other Thai restaurants, but I keep coming back to this one.
I absolutely love their crispy chicken salad! The chicken pieces are moist, delicious and flavorful.  The portion size is more than generous and it's just plain beautiful. If I can post a picture I will so you can see for yourself.
you dont have to tell me..after 2 year and a leak in every room of my house and fighting with them and the roc..i had to redo my roof again..horrible isnt the right word ..freakin criminals..worst part i have to work right by their company driving by them numerouse times a day
Papa Murphys pizza is worth the price and effort to pick it up. Kids love the double cheese pizza. The staff  in Chandler are always helpful & friendly.
Love their French toast breakfast. My husband and I have tried many other French toast meals at other restaurants but no one compares to Mimi's. We travel to come here for breakfast as often as we can. The servers are attentive and polite as well.
too pricey , not a lot of choices I expected much base on the reviews It didnt ment my expectations bad chrismas dinner for us, i dont mind paying but it has to be worth it.
A colorful,  raucous, sometimes surreal celebration of the Beatles. At times I felt like Alice stepping through the looking glass with a Beatles soundtrack. Every member of our party thoroughly enjoyed the show.
The beer is ok, the atmosphere can get rowdy depending on what sport and who is playing.  We've been there to smoke cigars on the patio and to watch presidential debates.  The prices are OK, there is free wireless, and the staff is very accommodating.
Since closed.  Surprise surprise.
No matter what time of day, the drive-thru is always full, which is always a good sign.  I'm rarely dissappointed & my son loves the play area. I wish their milkshakes weren't so good, as I'm addicted to the strawberry shake!
its located in a strip mall so i didn't expect much but upon entering their establishment i couldn't be any more wrong. it is a contemporary place with some pretty cool art in there. their chorizo, egg and potato is pretty good but i really like their street taco asadas.
WOW!\n\nEating here was an absolute waste of time and money.  How in the hell has this place survived for so long serving below average food?  Such a shame...is it that hard to make decent food?
great food, great service and the prices were great
My friend Justin swears by the food here. I never bought into it. The beer selection is one of the best in Pittsburgh though. Good crowd too. Not too many usual D-Bags like most of the Southside bars.
Horrible burger. Pale color, no flavor, pretty bun but very greasy. Fries were delicious, fresh and hot. Service was ok. For a place called burger anything you'd expect good burgers. This isn't it.
Desserts are amazing! I ate dinner with friends before and stopped by To take care of our sweet tooth.\nWe ordered:\nBaked Alaska  ice cream and marshmallow\nBanana cream  unique
The lunch specials are a great deal. My favorite is the orange chicken. :)
Terrible! Ordered chicken piccata for delivery. It was slimy, soggy, and not fit to eat. The delivery guy was rude. Never ever again
We ate here about a year ago.  I remember enjoying the food and atmosphere.  Can't recall what we ate, but I do remember that it wasn't too bad.  Will have to go again and post a better review.
So it was my first time trying 5guys and..... It was AMAZING! period.
leasing guy at the front was dead, worst customer service/greeter ever. on his phone the whole time! floor plan shown to us fell below our expectations. other than that, its a good location and clean place.
Rushed us in and out.  The food was excellent but the service was so rushed and the floor host hovered so much that it made it an unpleasant dinner. Too bad because it had the potential to be a great meal.
I love this place ! I could eat there everyday... The staff is very friendly and always makes sure you are satisfied.\nP.s: notice that employees can't say \"your welcome\" instead they say \" my pleasure \". Lol
It's a real shame when I go to apply for a job and I get spammed relentlessly with Sprint emails now. After this type of behavior, not interested in employment with this company.
The Dukes of Air provide great service at a great price. After going through a several overpriced and less than honest AC contractors, these guys are a breath of fresh air. I would not hesitate to recommend The Dukes of Air to my friends and family.
I'm really surprised at the reviews here. This place is fantastic. A great location. Awesome food. \n\nI've eaten half the menu and everything except the gnocchi has been way above average. \n\nThe herb hummus appetizer is great, too.
Yum. Love Schlotzskys.  This location was good.  Clean, quiet, and prompt service.  No complaints.
WOW, they finally closed. I guess the recession got to them. There are still other locations, this one was ok..  just not when you have Upstream near by...  I do hope all the wait staff found other work, they were very sweet!
The place was overall a lot better than I expected. Lots of TVs to watch sports. Plenty of food options to choose from. Drink specials. Food tasted better than expected for just a sports bar.
The wings were excellent. I had the gourmet works pizza. I wasn't too thrilled with it, but it wasn't nasty. The service was great. And the place is clean. I would go back here!
Seriously the best Ramen spot in town! Ive tried Monta's and Shoku Ramen and i promise you, this place KILLS both of them! I absolutely love the spicy tonkatsu ramen with the soboro bowl with karrage. Go NOW
Free OC with every order after 9pm tonight only.
Stopped by and I LOVED the plantains! OMG! I'm going to come here again and again when I'm in this area of town. Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because the table was wobbly, and the chairs are cheap
Very interesting airport. The minute I stepped into the airport from my plane I saw a bunch of slot machines. HAHA! Otherwise everything is okay. It took us a while to find buses to commute.
I came here alone on a Tuesday night and had the Shepherd's pie and Harpoon special which was $4 a glass. The beer was good and food delicious. \n\nIt was fairly cost effective for the area as well.
disgusting, VERY very bland no flavor at all. Food is usually overcooked and cold from sitting out for so long.
Only out of convience I shop here.  The cashiers give you the \"what are you doing here\" look.  Meat department must purchase anorexic cows.  Good luck getting consistency..
The steak here was very good and cooked perfectly. I love the fried potatoes that come with the meal. I think my favorite part was the bread and the foie gras! Would def come here again when i get the chance
Ate there twice was not really a fan either time
Always fast a friendly. The bangin pocket and tortilla espanola are amazing! The patio is nice for kids!
I paid $13 for a less than six inch sandwich with a bit of cold lobster clumps and two tiny slices of avocado in the middle. The whole thing was super greasy and the lobster mixture tasted very creamy. Not worth the money. I'm very disappointed at this item and this truck.
Very very good. I was surprised. Excellent quality and very tasty. The lack of one star is due to interior. It's nice but could use some detail work.  I would definitely come back.
Excellent all vegetarian and vegan options. A little crazy during xmas break. Under staffed but made up for it when told... I would Try all the lunch options and dessert. Don't bring any meat here. Cuz you won't find any but the food will taste like it.
Came in and did a great job! Very professional with upfront pricing and correspondence. Will be using again when needed.
I've been going to Cherry for help with skin for years (microdermabrasion & peels) and I love it!  Leslie is fun and knowledgeable and always makes me feel hopeful.  My skin is so, so, so much better than it used to be - less breakouts and clogged pores!  Thank you!
Worse customer service ever. The people in the office don't have the intelligence to schedule tradesmen, and then lie about giving you a call in advance when they're supposed to arrive, at which point they're already three hours late.
All I could say is this place is a hidden jewel. Best pho...clean, reasonable price, great front waitress, great food. \n\nWhy go  to pho Kim long...price not worth the portion and honestly taste bad. \n\nGooooo kinh do pho!!!
Personally one of the best burger in town I love the fact that is so close to my house
Fish was decent a little warm for my taste. Service is good. I feel with the business they do that they can upgrade some of their products such as buying better soy sauce then higher quality of fish.
The New York Strip was amazing, but overpriced in my opinion. Sides are not very large; splitting with another person left me wanting more. Great atmosphere and staff.
Absolutely love Paradise Juice. Their immunity juice and all green juice are probably my favorite. Helpful staff, quick service, never had an issue here. They use the freshest ingredients and their food looks amazing too.
Finally got there. Interesting spot. Nice to find a place with no slot machines ! Selection of cocktails and beers is more then interesting, it's remarkable.\nWill bring out of towners here that come to visit.
Was in town for Labor Day and had a BLAST at this place!  Love dueling pianos. It felt like Silky O'Sullivan's on Beale (but classier).  Will frequent this place every time I'm in town!
Amazing that so many people have had a different experience. I find the Carnival World Buffet to be really good. There are so many selections from around the world you just can't sample it all.
Sub par pancakes and the omelettes are ehhhh. Only reason why I've been here are those drunken late nights and nothing is open. I need to stop drinking and eating here.
best tonkatsu in town\ncute place and great service\nI will go back again for sure
One of the best restaurant experiences in Pittsburgh! Extremely great middle eastern food, comfortable atmosphere, and wonderful customer service. Highly recommended!
When we walked in the security guard rudely told us no drinks allowed and to leave it on the chair in front. It was just an ice tea from starbucks my wife doesn't drink. I wouldnt spend a penny in this place.
It doesnt have the glitz and glamour like the other buffets in Vegas. But it does the trick. Lots of good food. Lots of variety.
Clean, quick, good service and excellent salad/sandwich options.
This place is not bad but they forgot my moms tempura udon soup. Everyone in the restaurant received there food except for my mom, especially the people that came after us and ordered received their food first. This place does not have a good customer service.
This place is tons of fun!  Grab some ice cream and sit outside watching the Bellagio fountain across the street, great way to leisurely spend some down time!  The candy store has tons and tons of unique items to keep you entertained!
This place is terrible! The Copper Cactus grill had so many flies, I asked for a refund on my food. The slots were weird and the whole place smelled terrible and was hot as hell. I'm disappointed we even came here.
check in process is dreadful, one staff person at the desk and over 50 guests waiting on line. a complete lack of service
Second time at the Melting Pot last night and it was just as amazing as the first. Our waitress suggested great drinks for me during our meal. The food was incredible, and its really a fun experience to cook it yourself at the table. Great concept for a restaurant. Upscale and classy. Will definitely be back!
I haven't been there in along time.  It was great food but long wait.  That is a good thing for them.
5 star Margarita ( try Sangria Swirl) \n3 star average food\n5 star service at the Bar!!!! I asked for veggie sticks which was not on the menu vs chips and the bartender cut them up for me.  Great Happy Hour menu before 7 pm
Other than the pretzel dipped in cheese, the food was horrible. They try way too hard to be original and it hurts the food. Stick with the pretzels....they were actually great.
Just as expensive and crappy as their main location. But it was the only place in the vicinity for booze. Then got hungry and had a salad that was 12 freakin dollars for hardly anything. What a joke. LAME!!! Stay away people!
Yummy!  Can't go wrong with Chipotle.
If you are looking for something amazing.. Stop here! I love #6 & #7. I can't get enough of this place! They also sell homemade beef jerky that I enjoy! P.S They don't accept credit cards..
Price is decent for what you're getting.
Just popped my head in here quickly, looking to watch football.  LOTS of beer, and the place was packed but they dont serve any food!
The food is terrible, the drinks are good and cheap yet I'm a chef and it's sad to see the shit they put out here
I really dislike this place!
Love this gym! \nMe and my wife coming here for more than 4 years now.\nThis is still the biggest gym in Las Vegas with all the good machine and the great classes that my wife always go.
Great place and great food. It's BYOB which is also a great thing. The only thing is that the restaurant is a bit small and cramped but other than that, amazing place.
Severe food poisoning. Need I say more? My husband and I have never been sicker. Stay away!
Sitting at the bar dirty dishes next to clean dishes! Lazy bartenders  Wtf* wow   just rude this guy needs to get his stick outta his Ass.. Look up when people are giving their order!
Service ok, Food ok. Nice atmosphere.
Food is ok and it is kind of greasy spoon.. The decor is interesting.
Tiramisu is way too sweet (and why sugary, nondairy paste instead of mascarpone?) and the espresso can best be described as mud.
Yesterday was my first time at this place and I am unimpressed...I went in for some nachos and the line was extremely long, they ran out of pico de gallo, and their chicken was tasteless and too chewy...I'll stick to chipotle
The food is good, however last year I bit into a small piece of bone in my hamburger, chipped a tooth and needed a root canal. I thought it was just a fluke. Today, I had dinner there and again bit into two small pieces of bone. I can't eat here anymore.
Went in to buy my first pipe, and I'm so glad I went here! Billy was incredibly helpful. He helped me pick out the perfect pipe, as well as sample 4-5 different tobaccos. I asked a ton of questions, and we was patient in answering all of them. Will definitely return whenever I'm in Vegas!
I am from the Philadelphia area and my Aunt & Sister kept raving about this place. Now I see why! Wonderful wine menu, wonderful selections, and wonderful staff. Thanks for enhancing our dining experience! A special shout out to Laura our server and the lovely hostess ( daughter in law) for making our visit so special!
Always good food and friendly staff. My favorite local for lunch.
This sonic is pretty bad when it comes to customer service. The window helper sounded like this was the last place she wanted to be and looked it as soon as I got to the window. I'm not expecting perky and perfect but friendly and alive would have done just find.
I love that I can get a Tofu Scramble here! I don't eat eggs and it's a great protein substitute for those trying to make healthy choices!
Love this new place in downtown Phoenix!  The atmosphere is really cool; however, the acoustics are not good (only negative about this place).  The service was extremely friendly and helpful with recommendations.  The food was quite good and reasonably priced too...check out the grilled cheese and the chet - both delicious!
Stopped by after reading some of the reviews.....good sized portions but the quality is below par...service is great though! All of the girls are very friendly.
Isn't this supposed to  be a  fast food place?  First off it says that  you open at 10:30am not 10:40am. When I  went in they didn't  have  everything  ready like they should have. How hard is it working in a fast food restaurant?
A diamond In the Queen Creek rough with huge portions of fresh, delicious breakfast food.  You must stop In If you for whatever reason find yourself wondering around in Queen Creek.
Great place! Super enjoy the food. The oxtail chili cheese fries are soooooo good! The black and green burger is my fave because I adore bleu cheese and I absolutely love the pineapple ketchup!!
Don't go!!! Rude bartender
I love tacos and Cien Agaves has so many too choose from and they're all amazing!! The margaritas are also to die for!
New, clean but horrible service. Waited 20 minutes for two breakfast sandwiches.
Used to be much better but the quality has gone down recently. Drinks are chalky and way too sweet. Won't be returning any time soon.
Great outdoor option for Phoenix people
My first time here and I really have to say that I like it! The Palms ROCKS! I love the retro modern look. The service has been top rate. The casino has an IMAX movie theather! Lastly, the rooms are simple yet modern. I enjoyed my stay here!
I went here for an emergency and without an appointment and turned me down explaining that I had a deadline to meet. Terrible customer service. Been with Apple since they started. Totally disappointed with this store.
Not warm and fuzzy at all..female bartender kind of ignored us at first..menu VERY limited..bartenders are not familiar with menu..food so so...will not go back
Other than a wobbly table, this place has great service, scrumptious pizza with best crispy crust ever and cheesecake to swoon over.
Tacos are the best around! But they do charge too much for them.
cant say enough LOVE this place a little packed on the weekends wish the would take reservations...but worth the wait from the food to the sangria NO complaints located near the strip
If you need a haircut gentlemen, do not go anywhere else but Jimmy's. He and his wife are friendly and warm. You may have to wait a bit on a Saturday morning, but sit back, read some vintage Life magazines and enjoy the atmosphere. The service is worth any wait!
These guys were SO helpful! Most movers overcharge you just to move a piece of furniture- they were a great price and incredibly helpful! They even did little extras for me! I would recommend these boys to anyone who needs just a few heavy pieces moved or an entire house!! Call them today!!
The doctor very graciously adjusted the bill after calling me and talking through his pricing. The quality of service was never in question as Doctor Farmer is clearly very competent. The only issue is the price of procedures done. I do recommend making sure beforehand that if you are not covered by insurance that you are comfortable with his charges.
I've been here a few times while visiting family in AZ.  The services are very modern as compared to other Catholic services I have been to.  It appears that the Church itself is pretty up-to-date with technology.
Poor draft selection and nothing like the other location on Hayden (now out of business).  Food is just ok, on par with other Bluburgers, and service was a tad slow.  Parking is good though and the place was upbeat and clean.
Kobe cheeseburger or sliders are always a win. Holy hell the garlic fries aren't joking about the garlic, but they ARE delicious.
No matter how good the food is or how awesome the drinks are... It comes doesn't to service..   15 min wait to get two coffees???  Too slow IN my opinion.  \nI'll look elsewhere from here on out
I love Candy!  I've been seeing her for years!  I have a lot of hair and she's always accommodating and attentive and gives me a great look! I dye, cut and style my hair. And she's very nice too!
Walked in there last weekend to check it out- no one was at the front counter to seat us- waited 10min to be sat- place was'nt packed and walked out. \nMenu was very limited. \nMaybe they should call John Taffer to help them out.
They had to take my transmission apart for a shifting issue. 1. 5 weeks later my check engine light is on and the battery won't hold a charge.  Nobody is answering the phone.  I don't want to buy a brand new battery if it's an engine issue.  I had no other issues before I brought it in.
Good food, great atmosphere and good service. The only really bad thing I can say, is that they are way over priced for what you get. Nice little spot to have a nice meal with your lady if you have some extra money to burn.
I always give my left overs to the homeless people hanging outside and immediately regret it because the food is so good.
The service is excellent and the food is always great. Excellent selection of beer and wine. I love this place.
Update. The food was very good and our waiter/barmen very attentive . Lamburger was tasty and the sushi very good.
I have to admit, this is my least favorite airport to travel through. You would think that an airport in Vegas would have a little more going on, but I guess they make it boring so you hurry up and get out of there and head to the casinos to lose some money?
For a superb nail tech, go see Kaitlyn @ Creating Magic.  She has done mani/pedi for me several times & does outstanding nail art-extremely creative! She's friendly-as is everyone @ this lovely shop. Give her a try - you won't regret it=)
The food was inspired, delicious and beautifully presented. The atmosphere was classy, and yet sexy. The service was perfect. I had one of the best meals--actually one of the best experiences, I've had in years. Bravo!
Went today and got my first gel manicure and a pedicure- love them! The nail technician I had did such a great job. Very polite, professional, and great service! Love the massage chairs- left relaxed. Conveniently close to my house. I will definitely be returning.
Scottsdale Fashion Square houses department stores such as Nordstrom, Dillard's, Neiman Marcus and Macy's.  They have a huge food court, sit-down restaurants, and a movie theater.  The roof is retractable!
As far as gas stations go, you can't go wrong with a Quik Trip. The employees are friendly and the store is always clean. As far as pricing, it's always been competitive. A gas station is a gas station, unless it's a Quik Trip.
Awesome lunch BBQ. Great place for a relaxing afternoon on the weekends. You wouldn't expect such good burgers from a grocery store but this place is one of my favs.
Flightline is closed. Hopefully Brigett reopens it with an outdoor patio, air conditioning that is turned on and tables without duct tape.
Room was not ready at 4:30pm, staff was rude and unhelpful, sat in a lobby of pissed people for an hour, and not one offer to make our frustration better. Poor service, smelled like smoke, and not worth the money. Wish I had known beforehand.
I think this restaurant lured the customers for their fish tank. I would not recommend this place even if you are hungry.I ordered seafood noodle soup, it was lukewarm, 3 shrimps in a bowl and  tasteless. It was very disappointing.
Great service, great hotel. Only problem I had was the clock radio was set at 6 am and I could not turn it off or unplug it.  Nice big rooms with nice big price.
Cheap internet price and then they add lots of fees.
Good pizza but not amazing.  Quite a big selection though.  Co-worker said calzone was very good.
Had an OK dinner. I say it was OK because I ordered the Siamese soup with shrimp for 6.99. It tasted like ramen soup with shrimp in it. Far from spectacular.
We eat at Red Rock Pizza about once a week.   Why? Because they have the best Pizza, the best salads, the best sandwiches, the best of everything we have ever tasted.   Heck, Nicholas Cage eats here all the time and he can eat anywhere he wants.   You cannot go wrong eating at Red Rock Pizza!
we eat breakfast here every Sunday and love it!  I am both glad and sad that their portions are so big.  The food is delicious and I want to stop eating because I am full, but I don't stop.  I look forward to every Sunday breakfast
We went here recently & had terrible service. Although we got seated right away, after 20 minutes we had to go grab a waitress to take our drink order. The service in general was not good. However, the food was pretty good. We won't be going back though.
Had a great experience here with my wife. Loved the breakfast and the beautiful kind waitress who served us outside. Mimosas and poached eggs. If only I know the lady who served us, she was kind and had amazing service. Just got to wait a while but that's expected.
Pizza at this second location was very good.  Almost as good as downtown?  In a big shopping center so parking is easy.  Late Sat afternoon it was almost empty so no wait.
BJ brew house located at Charleston\n\nservice sucks, we waited 20 minutes to drinks and 45 minutes for food. waitress was too busy with too many tables to provide adequate service. Rib eye steak was very fatty. Do not take BJ coupons to this location, they will be not accepted.
Boston's is closed down.
Terrible! It was the nastiest meal I've ever eaten! All the food there was frozen.  The broth smelled off. Avoid this place like the plague.
Love this place. Definitely top 3 foodie spots in Vegas! Great dishes, fresh fish, great music, friendly atmosphere, and love the sushi chefs creativity! If you haven't made it here, GO! Happy hours are awesome here. I am a regular as long as I love in Vegas.
Got a nice fade! Ill be back. Only downside for me was there wasnt a daily newspaper to read while I waited.
Never ever ever have breakfast here. I was a party of one and had to wait 20 min to be seated. I walked in and half the tables were empty. Epic fail.
Terrible terrible food! Not one item I tried was worth finishing...\n\nChoose from burnt vs rubbery vs cold vs stale
Got my oil changed here and it was cheaper than a lot of other places that I've been too. They were also very nice and helpful. And my car was done in 30 minutes. Fast, good service. Definitely recommend this place.
Not to be THAT GIRL and as terrible as it sounds, these guys have a few thieves amongst their ranks. They helped my mum move a few bits and pieces and her diamond ring was stolen during the time frame that they were in the house. \nMoral of the story; humanity sucks and would not recommend these guys.
We stopped in here for a meal while in Vegas. The theme and decor are fun. A must visit for any Jimmy Buffett fan! My mom and I split the fish and chips meal. Very tasty! It was a good portion and filled us up. The service was just ok.
Great service, great price and quality workmanship.  Leo was quick to diagnose my A4's problem and got it back to me within a few hours.  I'll be back for sure!!
I thought I disliked brownies, but these are damn good. In fact, every flavor is delicious. I was pleasantly surprised. Holla!
The Poker Bar bartender has as much personality as a wet mop. Good heavens! Won't be staying here long....
The Dennys Express is extremely slow.  Not busy and still waited 40 minutes for a breakfast sandwich. If in a hurry, this is not the place to go. This has occurred more than once.  They need a cook that can do more than one order at a time.
I called they said that my daughter and I could come on and we were there three minutes later and discovered that they had no openings for two hours. We could have gone to four other locations on the way from our house to here but chose to come here based on yelp reviews.
Its ok. I've visited at least 10 times. Service has been slow every time, no matter time of day. Food is mediocre at best, and I can get beer any where. There are very good alternatives very close by that suit my tastes better.
Food is getting worse and worse every time I came. I get very disappointed even though this is nice place. :((
Conveniently located near the airport. Nice lobby...free internet, coffee & prints, friendly staff ...5 stars to Chandler...offered a shuttle ride to downtown Tempe and prompt pick up too.
The menu is slightly overwhelming. But it doesn't matter, the staff members are amazing and the food is to die for. Will definitely go back.
I've reevaluated my opinion. Security is the one at fault for my concerns. Not Harrahs and not Flamingo.
I love the Philly here, Amazing!!! Staff and management at this location are very friendly!! My stomach is now complete. I live close so it's convenient. But I'd drive past other Sandwich Shops, just to grub here :)
They closed. They re-opened. Their hours are questionable, but they are a great deal for happy hour, have an extensive wine list, and serve reasonable comfort food. Call ahead.
Love getting my nails done here. They always have an opening and the place is so much cleaner then the other places I've tried.
Had to come back again before the end of my trip.\n\nWas just as good as the first time. \n\nI will miss you sweet tomatoes and I still beg of you to come to NYC!
Played the Links Course for the first time and will not be back.  The greens on the front nine were in terrible shape, like putting on the fairway.  Started at 3:30 and still paid $32 for the round, overpriced.
The staff and service was good.  The sushi was awful.  I tried five different items and they were all bad.  I did nt eat any more even though i was still hungry.  Felt sick after.  I have been eating sushi for 25 years I love it but not at this place
I love living here, haven't really had any issues. Work orders get done within the day, they offer bug exterminators every Monday which is awesome for summer and the pools/units are fantastic!
Fantastic DeepV roll and fresh hamachi. Attentive service and cool atmosphere.\nI would come here again....
Very nice little restaurant in cave creek area.  Family run restaurant.  Very Nice and polite owners.  I really like the pho there.  Thats what I get every time I go there.
Good food. Love there #7 on the menu.  Reminds us of  paki Chinese food!
Nice halls and garden areas along with ample parking make this a good choice for those who'd like to tie the knot not too far from the city centre.
Decent food at a good price. Bargain lunch specials in a good atmosphere.
Fantastic restaurant right on the water. It's right on the dock of the Lake Pleasant marina.\n\nI had the grilled chicken sandwich - it was delicious. And all the other food at the table looked awesome as well. \n\nCool atmosphere, great bar. Definitely recommend this spot.
Good stuff sushi, fresh and fast!
I don't know how people can call this the best thai in LV. I'm sure there have to be several places that are better. The location is in a sketchy area. The food is very very reasonably priced. Service was great. The food was alright. Definitely not the best.
Just stopped in for the first time today to give Carson Street Deli a try. I had pretty high expectations coming in and thankfully I was not disappointed! I ordered the Balboa sandwich and it was pretty unreal. Being an Italian I was thrilled when I saw they had sopressata in the sandwich.
Exactly we had anticipated,  this will be a great place to have in your foodie book. Good job Vig McCormick Ranch
Use open table to get a table!
Pretty easy airport to get around.\n\nShuttles are around $5-6 per person to get to the Strip. You could get a limo or a taxi too if you have enough people.\n\nAnd what other airport has slot machines for you to play one last time before going home? ;)
Don't judge a book by its cover, considering this is in Papago Plaza. Mikas Greek is very nice inside, with a modern twist. The food is always fresh and the customer service is on point.
Food is good. \n\nProblem - we are here at 8pm and the interior is lit up like an operating room. Want a glass of wine and relaxation - why do we need 450 watt lights?? \n\nSeats are uncomfortable.
Don't really care for their garlic fried rice.  Soaked with butter and u can taste the raw garlic.
Loved the atmosphere and the cuban sandwich was very good. I will definitely be a repeat customer. I just hope the location isn't jinxed, I don't want to see this restaurant go.
Cheap bowling, clean, serves food, & has pool tables. What else could you ask for in a bowling alley?
The only thing this place has is free Wifi.  The food prices are horrible!  Baggage is slow.   Slot machines take up much seating. Kiosk salesman soliciting passengers.
hour and 15 when it said 15-20. Pizza was old and not hot at all.
So adorable and delicious treats! I am not a vegan but the tsoynami is delicious. Great customer service and great atmosphere :)
The food is decent considering the degree of competition in Phoenix.  The service, however, is fantastic.  Great people, great place.
Best curry I've had in tempe. My favorite is the Arabian Thali plate. I never feel sick after I eat here; I have a feeling they use good, fresh ingredients.  \nCustomer service isn't always the greatest, but for the food and the prices I can deal :)
Took a long time to get our food - and it was served cold and no flavor - don't get the 'Mexican dish' - whatever you do - service was alright - they did comp me my beer - will give them another try - pretty pricey - 30 bucks for Mac and cheese and a beer
I like Winco as a box store. I have visited numerous times and the place is clean and prices are good. I like their bulk candy area!
One of our favorite cozy places to eat in Uptown.  Dark and cozy booths, good food, great drinks. Lots of fun memories.
It's CLOSED! Out of Bizz!!!
New Management has taken over and the actual Maria is gone. Already things are going downhill, showed up twice at 8am and they weren't open. Hey then don't indicate your business is open at 8am, wasted my time and gas driving there. Burritos were okay.
Good food but all three people I went with got food poisoning.  All three had rotisserie chicken. Won't be going back soon.
Worst location for smoothies. They gave 2/3 in a cup. When I asked why it's not completely full and their response was you want more. It's as if I am not supposed to have full serving. Will never come back to this location. So frustrating.
OK, really out in the boonies unless you live in Queen Creek. It was dark and not so inviting inside. Our lunch was good but pretty ordinary. Tours of the mill require purchased tickets.
Amazing burgers.  Down home southern feel.  Cold draft beers.  A Charlotte hotspot.  \n\nBig Block Burger (Two 1/3 lb. patties) all-the-way with a Yuengling draft.  Mmm, that's whachya do, right there...
I cannot understand why this place is so busy. The food is mediocre at best, but the service is absolutely terrible. \n\nStay away from this place if you are looking to have good food and a relaxing meal.
Finally tried this place. Very casual. Friendly \nGood burger and good prices. \nI'll be back.
Attended a gun show here. Nice facility.  Lots of parking and easy to get in and out of.
It's okay. I really liked the quality of the cold meats and cheeses. The hot stuff was average. We got a good deal on lunch and I left satisfied. For what it cost, it was good food with something for everyone.
Far better pizza than any other around.  For the same price as the Paps John's and Domino's too.
Love getting lunch or dinner. I love the salads and grilled sandwiches here awesome. and the people that work there are super friendly.
I wouldn't come back. All they were focused on was selling me 4 new tires when all I needed was one. Sorry guys, I've been around the block a few times and know about tires.
This is my nail salon and I love it.  I have had Gel Manicures, regular manicures, acrylics, pedicures etc.  I have never had a bad experience, the work is always supreme.  Everyone in there does a nice job and they remember me.  I highly recommend.
What an awesome place for really great fresh sushi! Very reasonable $$ with great rolls on their happy hour menu...For great service, ask for Chase !
The Chinese food here is pretty decent. Not much of a variety. We had two different types of chicken and the sauce tasted generally the same. Vegetables added to the dishes were fresh. A little over priced for my taste but the orders were huge amounts. The hot sour soup was my favorite out of everything we ordered.
Really happy with my coffee I ordered.  Breakfast was pretty good.  I had the scrambled eggs, and they were nice.  Overall a good place!
The bacon-mushroom burger and their special fries are my personal favorites! Best burger place in town for me!
One of the best and reasonably  priced brunches one had in a long time.  Waffle was awesome with a variety  of flavored butters...
The staff and owner are tremendously helpful and knowledgeable. Most importantly, the quality of the materials is remarkable, especially for the cost!\n\nI highly recommend to anyone and everyone to have their flooring done through Nulook Floor.  They are absolutely THE BEST in town!
Dreadfully awful.  Stay away at all cost.
Went here in a recommendation,  portions and service were great, pho soup base a little sweet.
Restaurant has a great view of the strip and would surely go there for the views but not the food.  If you want good French food seek elsewhere but don't miss out on the views here and the souffl\u00e9
The pork tenderloin sandwich was good with sweet baby rays bbq...but the shrimp was better.  The fries are closer to shoestring style, not a fan.  Had the Stella Artois cider, pretty decent.
Went here with my girlfriend for a casual lunch. Great food, great price. Will definitely come bak if I am in the area.
Don't ever rent a car here! Old banged up cars,41000 miles on the clock. Paid for a weeks rental, charged me $25 to bring it back early even though I paid for days I didn't use!! Absolute joke
Went here for breakfast. Waiting in a long line to order at a counter is never fun, but the atmosphere was nice and the service was great. The food was a little bland, but I highly recommend their hash browns. Their coffee is excellent, and the patio is really nice.
I've had 3 of the same dressers delivered to my house only to have all 3 broken!!! Trying to return that and the bed frame to shop some place else and they won't let me.. very disappointed! !! I should have never shopped there after they sent me a  stained bed
Nice location, good atmosphere, friendly staff. Shredded chicken chimichanga was good.
I have a 95 ford explorer that needs a good muffler Chris installed a flowmaster muffler . Job well done \n*****this is one place u wanna go first before checking any shop reasonable price and  very good quality of service****
Usually my stop before heading into my account if I am working the night shift.  The food is a'ight.  I usually just get a bean and cheese burrito and often find that the cheese isn't melted.  Which is crazy that it isn't warmer considered how long the wait is.
We moved here about a month ago, and so far everything has been good! All the staff members have been very kind and helpful. The complex is great, for us and our pets, and we are excited to start enjoying all the amenities that includes. Hope to keep having a wonderful stay here!
Stayed here in March 2009.  We booked it on priceline for $70.  The hotel rooms were nice and new, the showers were awesome, and the waterpark in the back was a lot of fun.  If you're over 100 pounds, you'll FLY down the waterslide.
Super delicious and inexpensive. The inside is much nicer than the outside makes it seem like. Nice owners. Must have the horchata.
Besides its amazing rooftop view of the Las Vegas strip, this place definitely is a great place to hang out, catch up with friends and grab a few drinks! Open 7 nights a week, with the dj playing hip hop to house music all night, this is just a great place to check out!
Wow best coney and loose since I was in Detroit, maybe better!\nOwner Dave is very nice guy!\nAnd yes I got a faygo POP!
Great place to eat great food at a great price. This is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.
It's all about the spam sliders,best crepes and pancakes in town. Hands down my favorite breakfast place!
Extremely avg to below.\nPeople - we have so many Mexican food options that you should not consider this one. Just to say something positive - if this were in BF Wisconsin they'd love it.
spotty hours, food is incredible but I really do not understand how they can run out of bread. Kind of like going to McDonalds and not being able to order a burger.
I went there tonight, but sadly this Scottsdale location is out of business.
I WILL NEVER again order from this people. No taste in that food, I would have throw it away but I was so hungry. The food was the worse ever!!! Ended up with upset stomach.
This is a great place to watch a game, have a few drinks and get great food.  I have dropped into this place twice now and both times had great service and great food.
Pastrami was good, bread was soggy. Cajun fries had a good seasoning. Fresh strawberry lemonade was probablly the best thing in the meal. This place isn't even close to Johnny's Pastrami in LA, which blows it out of the water.
Great atmosphere outside in the garden with the birds. Smoked burgers, beer dough pizza, and craft beers; can't beat that. Some of the beers are odd so definitely sample first.
Nice location, but shisha (double apple lacked flavor) was weak along with the baklava and mint tea. Only saving grace was the outdoor seating and nice music...unlikely to visit again :(
Good massage, nice environment and professional staff. I'll return to this business in the future.
Party in your mouth goodness! Quick, yummy and nearby...best combo ever!  Great find!
Dead on a Friday night. No wonder! Food was bland with no flavor including the salsa. Service was good but that's the only positive. I have been in the area for seven years and this is my first time visiting. I haven't missed a thing! Skip this place!
This place was horrible .the good was stale and gross and it seemed very old ... My server did an awesome job but the food still sucked .....
Seated quickly then completely ignored! Service matters and this place is sure to disappoint.
The food was unbelievably fresh and good! Love the vibe of this place and the staff was great!
Friendly, welcoming, and knowledgeable staff. They really go out of their way for the customer. Great selection and the prices are considerably lower than the competition. This store is for the serious gamer.
Authentic Korean restaurant, recommend by my Korean friends. I like the way they serve rice in a thick-wall hot stone bowl.
People think I'm crazy when I say PPP is my favorite pizza. No lie... I love this place! Cheap and delicious.
For my first trip to a Vegas buffet I expected more. The food was tasty, and seemed to be of high quality, but there wasn't the variety that I heard so much about. For $35 a pop I expected more.
Me no likely. Dirty bathrooms
Small plates were pretty cool. Definitely recommend the truffle brussell sprouts and pork buns,\n\nRamen was just OK, though. Thin noodles and broth was not thick, rich, or hearty.
We had free passes from MB, so I don't know what the cost is but it was OK for free.  3 temperature pools, a steamroom and sauna and that was about it.
Bad selection & owner wouldn't even look at items I brought in to sell because she \"wasn't accepting anymore at  this time.\"  She also ordered lunch on the phone in front of me when I entered the store. Not the way to run a high-end boutique!
Can't miss stop for the best Fish Sandwich in Pittsburgh.
The happy hour on the weekend is a smoking deal.   Two or three people can get drinks and sushi for around $25.   Staff is always rocking and fast.  Great ambience and people watching too.
This business is now closed.  It was great while it lasted.
Grilled SQUID Is good!!  Beginning of chinatown approximately a mile from the steip.\n\nPrice is cheap when compared to food on the strip. Everything we ordered is good. My daughter loved the satay beef with peanut sauce. Crab fried rice is awesome.
The service was so over the top rude I was laughing. Macarons.....just ok. Get over yourself.
If you want something stolen....come here!
expensive for a noodle shop... sure, given that its on the strip (and duh - its in Caesar's) but you can experience better noodles at a hole-in-the-wall pho place.\n\nalso, the servers are not very friendly.
Too much gahdamn walkin'..but I'm just lazy..sometimes. \n\n& them peeps handing out newdz. I don't wanna see boobies of random girls all over the place! \n\nThat is all.
This was the third drycleaner I used in Pittsburgh. Parking kind of stinks, they are expensive, and they do just a hairs job better then Footers. I won't be using them again either. Why is it so hard to find a cleaner who can press a shirt wtih out leaving creases in them?
My first \"float\" was the other day and I was very impressed by the friendliness of the staff, cleanliness of the entire place, and most of all, how I felt after this relaxing form of therapy.  My body and brain felt recharged and ready to take on the challenges of everyday life again!
One star is being generous!  In 40 years, and 9 major moves, this company is the worse.  What a nightmare and I have over a dozen issues and complaints about them.  If anyone is interested in the gory details, just shoot me a private message and I will share them with you.
Amazing breakfast choices. Delicious food. I highly recommend the crab cake platter and protein pancake. Heaven!
Was a Feast of beefy goodness. The St. Louis ribs and pulled pork sliders were fantastic.
It's a chain BYOB Greek restaurant. Is it authentic? It's as authentically Greek as Yoplait Greek Yogurt. It's okay if you are in the neighbourhood and your friends think that Greek food is exotic. And seriously folks, why is there Italian food on the menu?
Went to Bradshaw today and it was pretty good. I had the Barb-B-Cuban and it was really good combination.  My daughter and wife's salad were a little heavy with dressing but good.  The other daughter enjoyed the fried chicken. I would go back....
With the emergence of significantly more authentic places like Los Gemelos and Taqueria Guadalajara in Madison, I no longer see a reason to ever stop by the Taco Shop. Really, the only thing keeping them afloat at this point is their convenient location on University Avenue next to all the bars.
Great service and they came within the window they said they would. Mark was easy to describe my problems to and he finished the work in short order. We're sure to use them again.
Stopped in for a business meeting. The mac-n-cheese (with cheese) was delicious and the service was excellent. Everyone else in the group enjoyed their meals as well.
More like \"last option\". Totally unqualified people with no common sense. Made our closing very difficult and delayed by more than 3 weeks. Luckily we found a reputable lender with Lone Mortgage and closed in less than 2 weeks.
Free tortilla chips and salsa are the best part. The margaritas are about average and the enchilladas are ok. The price is right and the decor is good but I've had better.
We had fun looking at all the memorabilia and playing with the Microsoft surface while we waited for a table. Other than that, the food, drinks and service was normal for Hard Rock - subpar.
This pizza joint absolutely sucks. The pizza was so plain and flavorless. I'd pay a dollar a slice at most. Don't waste your time here.
This restaurant is a little pretentious and pricey. It does have some outstanding dishes and some uremarkable ones. The parkas are imaginative and tasty but rather small for price . Definitely not a good value for your dollar!
This is the 3rd time using One Stop Services and - like the last 2 times - Excellent service!    Needed to fix my sons iPad mini glass. Great price & friendly staff. I highly recommend going here over anywhere else.
I love smoothies! My Caribbean Passion Light smoothie with an energy boost was perfect and exactly what I needed before my early flight.  Everyone was really friendly and I didn't wait long at all. I found my new stop before my Southwest flights!
Not satisfied with this place at all. Ordered a large bowl and got the same amount of food as the normal bowl.  Taste like it was watered down. Had to add a lot of sauce to cover the taste. Service wasn't good either.
The food was good but not for the cost. The dough for the empanaditas was ok, very salty though. The chicken filling was delish. Ropa vieja was similar to Venezuelan carne machada. I received more rice, beans and veggies than meat.
There tacos taste Soo good make you wanna slap your Momma                                                                            ......
Our first time staying in Phoenix and glad we went here based on the reviews we read. Great cocktails, good food and very good service, thoroughly recommend to anyone staying in downtown.
Beautiful shop.  Great breakfast and pastries. I'm not GF, but  have tried a number of pastries, and couldn't tell a difference from other well made baked goods.  So glad it is near-by.
Horrible salty food! Chapalas mexican food is the best in Las Vegas hands down!
Amazing Asian Chicken salad!
Like earning cheaper gas
Fantastic. Every bit as good as we expected, from drinks, to apps, entrees, dessert, and service. The venue is intimate and permits conversation without shouting, even on a reasonably busy weekend night.
Everytime I come here weather it be early In the morning , midday , or late afternoon they seem to only have 2 tellers working. Line long and takes a really long time... They need to put more tellers up
Great staff. A little pricey but worth the experience
This a super simple place to grab a cone and a quick bite. It doesn't have much ambiance or decoration but that's just fine because I usually take my cone with me on a walk outside to avoid the country music. I like contributing to such a small local store because they are so friendly there.
Horrific experience!! I was probed and prodded without even a smile!  Can you at least offer to buy me a drink? Never mind, I wouldn't even take a drink from these heartless people that work here. They treat you like cattle meat. Stamp! Poke! Next!
This is for the produce only. I had gone here before about 3 months ago. The produce then was rotten and had bugs flying around it. I ventured to give it a try again to see if there were any improvements. I sadly did not find an improvement in the produce section. They are still rotten and badly bruised.
Target is target, there is nothing different about this place compared to another target. You can get just about anything here at a very decent price. Not sure how to rate this place though as it seems like there is at least 2-3 different Targets in every town.
super, super leckere Eis.\n\n\n sch\u00f6nes Ambiente, feiner Kuchen, kleine leckere Snacks,\n\n\n empfehle ich gerne weiter......
Food was good, staff was nice.  Cleanest el pollo loco I've been in, until I went in the restroom.  Not horrible but could have used some attention.  Parking is far from the front door if your not lucky enough to get a spot in front of the building
Very decent Mexican food =) \nLoved the shrimp and crab enchiladas.
There is never nothing I don't like about an IKEA store! The atmosphere is just amazing and the items are literally my favorite items from any store ever. My whole room is furnished with ikea. I will never not love ikea, it's like a home away from home.
I live in the neighborhood and love to patron local establishments. However, Dunning's doesn't impress me. Kind of reminds me of an old timer, stuffy bar/restaurant. The food is ok. Typical and kind of boring. I think the prices are on the higher end for what they serve.
Love this place. Different flavor wings from mild to wings from hell. Cold beers good drinks and the food is really good. Always fun great music I highly recommend this place if you're in the area...
Got the pulled pork. It was dry. Mac and Cheese was average. Mashed potatoes were below average. Not anything that I expexted. Should of went to a chain place at the airport. Would of known what I was getting. Very disappointed for trying the local fare even if it is airport food.
Simply amazing. True Hawaiian Japanese. The hire tonkatsu is so tender and prepared just perfectly. Must try it!
Beautiful, thin crust artisan pizza! Super cute restaurant - tiny. We went for lunch so didn't have to wait at all, but I can see it getting VERY crowded.
I do not know how this place is one of the highest rated places in LV. The sandwich is small and can no way be fresh like they claim it is. Do not waste your time in their 20-30 minute line. Marginal at best.
Love the Carnitas!
Best idea ever. Ice cream combined with helping startups and foundations. Walking distance from the PNC Park and the Renaissance Hotel. Choose a flavor with your mouth, and a cause with your heart.
Last year Mucho Gusto was my favorite place to go after a hard day. Great Happy Hour specials. Great staff!
This is probably one of the few places on campus I can depend on to get food that won't lead to a grease coma. The food tastes fresh and healthy. The downside may be that the portions are a little small compared to other restaurants for the same price. I would recommend the chili with a cornbread muffin.
This the worse lab and office staff , you wait hrs for them to take you back . My tax money go for lab crop to bump firemen to be the front . The office staff are very rude . Don't go there
Love it!! Delicious brunch!
Even the Lunch menu was pricey. Mac and cheese was not good, also mashed potatoes were very dry. Chicken sandwich was good. They did not refilled our drinks.
Pretzels were good, everything else (including their French onion soup) was not good and expensive. Won't be back.
Fantastic cafe food, sandwiches, salads and soup. Olivier, the host is super friendly and accomodating to your specific food needs. 5 STARS for sure, try it out!
For $10 or $20 a month it's clean, a good vibe and nice machines. I like the \"No gymtimidation\" philosophy they have.\nIf you're looking for a place to work out that's clean this is it.
The service is not that good and the food is also not that great
Decent sushi for an airport.  Sushi has been fresh every time I order!   Hits the spot for my long flights!  They have take out, or you can sit at the bar.  Great people watching!!!!
Would be cool, but banners and signs make it look cheap and some of the artwork is tacky. Nice staff, lots of potential. Others say it used to be a really cool place.
This is Filipino food served cafeteria-style but don't let that stop you.  It translates into a casual and inexpensive meal.   They don't always serve dinuguan, but my husband asked for it they had some set aside for him the next day.  Try the halo halo!
Awesome treat when made correctly sometimes they skimp on flavor and plan ahead the long or short lines move very slow!!!!!!
One word that describes this place....(Ghetto) !
Great NY style pizza... highly rec'd this place for delivery
Lots of food they give you and the food is great!! It's almost to much food they bring out but its still good. If you can enjoy waiting a bit to get in its worth the wait because of the food.
My boyfriend and his dad just LOVE this place. Such a nice atmosphere and they do a wonderful job. Joe is the best but everyone is so nice.
Last night the good and the STAFF were both awesome.  Would give this place ten stars if possible.   You definitely should give this place your appetite,  you will be thrilled you did!
Very disappointing.  Fewer trucks, same food at many, food quality mediocre, too many old school wagons, and less than friendly service at most. Not worth the battle with traffic. Missed all the Food Truck Race contestants I'm told dropped out in phases. Their food was quality and unique. This will be my second and last time.
This is a pretty decent club - not as good as some of the others, but the employees are nice and there is plenty of space to unwind.
If I was back home in Seattle, I would consider it a good club, but for Vegas one deserves better.  Cramped and dark.  When I stopped by on a Sunday night, the music was mainly techno.
Fabulous food.  Amazing sports memorabilia.  THE BEST service!\nMy favorites are the steaks, the creamy garlic salad dressing and the key lime pie!!!
Great location and value. It's clean. Not a luxury hotel in the least but it was a great place to stay for a week.
It wasn't the worse sausage biscuit I've ever had, it wasn't all that fulling either.. I would have gladly chose McDee's over this place again.... Eh... that  is all.
We had so much fun here on the midway!  They let my husband and me play the games against each other so we were sure to get a toy :)  It was a fun way to spend the afternoon discussing the probability of winning each game.
I love Dave's Q! In search of some comfort food? This is the place. Bummer they stopped happy houring food. What were you thinking Dave?????
If I could give a 0 star, I would.  This tribe has no respect for those who don't smoke.  There is not ONE single non-smoking area in the whole place....not even in their Cholla fine dining restaurant (see separate review) which is a definite 4 star.\n\nNever again!
It's hard not to like the nostalgia of this place but the hostess is rude, the bartenders surely and the food mediocre. There are simply too many other choices.
The show wasn't worth the money I paid for. It had it's moments but again it was the lousiest show I went to in Vegas so far and I've been to 4. Also they overcharged me and did not want to refund my money.
I got Sam's French Toast with a side of eggs and the eggs were fine but the french toast mostly tasted of everything else that was on the grill. I think if there were separate grills for meat vs other items it would've been better. Friendly service though.
I was told this was a good a place for tacos in the area, but I was very disappointed  since a stepped in the front door. The entire place was dirty, service was poor and food was tasteless. the only good thing they have is their hot salsas. overall Gross!
Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmm!  Love this place!!  Amazing iced teas and lemonade flavors.  My new favorite spot.
Very bad service...  Definitely needs a change of  management..
This is not my first CCF.  Lately I am afraid their quailty is going down.  I had a chicken sandwich and the chicken was tough and dry.  The fries were cold and tasteless.  For the cost of meals it really is not that great.  Service was good.
The Encore is the standard by which I compare all others hotels too. Hands down, from check-in to check-out,  from the valets to the house keeping staff and everyone in between this is absolutely the best hotel bar none and the only place I ever stay in Vegas.
Holy Heavens!! John's work is like nothing I've ever experienced!! I cannot say enough good about John, the energy of the studio, and my massage!! You won't find someone better!
I have always been a fan if fuel pizza however, after stopping by over lunch today I was left very disappointed. I got a calzone with meatballs. Usually a fav of mine. When I got it, it was barely warm on the inside and the cheese was not even melty.
We always come here for business meetings ... Great locations and great food .. the servers are always fast and friendly and the food never disappoints. .. Free BBQ chips while you wait and 4 different sauces to choose from .. ALWAYS love this place !
Disappointed as I was told this was one of the BEST hot dogs ever.  We got an all beef and white hot.  Not the worse hot dogs we've had but not the best.  They do however have REALLY GOOD onion rings!
Had a very good experience here last night with a large group of about 10.  The food was very good, the usual Cheesecake Factory menu.  The service was what made the experience excellent though.  The waitress was very nice, she didn't even flinch when we asked her to split the check about 5 ways.
A little trashy but open late and a good way to get some grease after you've been drinking. The food is not great, but it's edible. I thought waiting 20 minutes for burritos was a bit long, especially since they weren't busy at the time.
This is fast becoming one of my favorite places to eat.  The veggies are all very fresh.  The atmosphere is great.  I love being able to have a salad and my stir fry.
Went FINALLY for the first time after all these wonderful reviews.....\n\n\nEh. It was just breakfast to me. We'll probably never go back. I left with a super upset stomach, too. Yuck.
I have never bought anything here, but have walked through many times. This is the dirtiest store. All the carpets are stained and have holes. Nothing has been dusted. I have been to some nice forever 21 stores and this place needs some help. I hope the general manager reads this and can help it look better!
This was a great local hangout. Delicious thin crust pizza (we had the Big Johnson) and inexpensive beer. Tonight they had a fantastic guitar duo. Really fun to hang out and see the locals and watch a game or two.
Bink's was a fantastic finale or restaurant week.  Enjoyed the patio and great service...something other restaurant week picks were lacking.  Corn chowder, beet carpaccio, vegetable paella all very flavorful.  This would be excellent place for date night!
Not a great place for vegetarians. Cant comment on other foods.
Just came from China Chili for lunch. First time for me. The service was very fast and friendly. The food was fine too, nothing really special but fine. I would go back if in the neighborhood.
Can't beat their chef special. Two entree for $40 & you each take a dish of your choice home.
Small crowd but they turned off large TVs that were on earlier in evening. Service was pretty crappy though around midnight, someone said there was only one waitress on duty. Probably will head for somewhere else next time.
It almost lived up to the hype. Very good pizza.
Greek salad is awesome. Great price for the amount and quality of the food. Will def come back.
Worse customer service ever!
Olive Garden?\n\nItalian restaurants are a dime a dozen and this is yet another chain eatery to add to the list.  BUT, it is a notch up from Olive Garden.  Food was good, drinks were passable and I left wishing I had spent my money at Montesano's instead.
Slots + clean bathrooms, what more could you ask from an airport? Perhaps slots in the bathrooms, now thats an idea.
$5.18 for a medium iced mocha latte (80% ice, 20% latte).  I thought airport food is expensive.  Not highway robbery like this.
Came here for dinner on our first night in Vegas as we were staying in the PH and we definitely learned our lesson. The portions were tinyyyy and items were overpriced (even for Vegas). Will not be back.
An excellent handyman, Pete was very efficient and was able to take care of my toilet repair needs easily and for a reasonable price.  I would definitely use him again for any problems around the home, like water leaks, electrical issues, etc.  He knows what to do and comes prepared, which are rare to find in any repairmen these days!
Deelicious, reasonably priced, and excellent service.  I would go back in a heartbeat, and gladly recommend this restaurant.
Very authentic mole, just enough spice with the sweet.  Delicious guacamole. Hand squeezed margaritas.  Vegetarian refried beans. Not a taqueria.  We'll be back.
I liked the name Krazy Buffet so I decided to try it.\n\nNot very good.  Even for a buffet.
Awesome pie!  just like back in NY
By far thee best breakfast cafe in Vegas. Prices are reasonable, atmosphere is friendly, and the service is great. Love, love the different variety of pancakes and the Nutella crepes is my favorite. The portions are always more than enough. Recommending this place to everyone!!!!
Good all around gym.
This is one of those airports I've had multiple layovers in but that I haven't actually explored much.  It serves its purpose.
Had a wing sampler at this place. Get choices not too saucey and lots and lots of flavor. Even the kids enjoyed it!!! Thanks for the food Queen City!!!
From the outside, with all the lights I was expecting more. It's fun  if you want to kill time and walk around looking at cheap gifts.  Lots of security throughout shop, and you cannot carry any large bags in the store.  They will take them from you and you can pick up when you exit building.
Excellent.
They cater towards people that workout and like to know what they're eating.  Yet, no nutrition information posted anywhere.  Get it together.
One word....DBOX! I love this! the first time i did it was at this theater, and it is a little more pricey but totally worth it with the right movie.
You can learn a lot more detail from other reviews, but I'll keep it simply.\n\nVery clean but dated rooms.  Good casino, great room service, and fun pool.  The best location you could have on the strip.\n\nI feel it's the best bang for you buck in the city.
Excellent burger!! Sweet potatoes were also awesome!  Price was a little bit high, but the food was excellent!
Saltiest ham, egg and cheese biscuit I've ever had. I can feel my blood pressure rising. Coffee was pretty lousy too. The potato rounds were ok.
Hope no one else prepaid for anything 'cause these guys are gone.\n\nJust found they were closed - They got us for $100.  Let's see if they do the right thing...
I was very happy with the service of this company. The Jet ski rental was great and performed to its full potential.  Very happy and will rent from them again.
Food was ok not the best tasting Mexican food then again it is a fast food place. I had the carne asada fries, what made it edible for me was that it had sour cream which I like very much. Service was good, they got my order right.
Nice view, OK crowd (could be better). Only upside is I got in for free.
Never disappoints!  Friendly staff, delicious food!  Love it!  Love it!!
Simply Awesome!!!
I had Earl's three times in 24 hours.\n\nDon't think you can get a much better recommendation than that. Get the Full Montagu.
Awesome place. Loved the food and atmosphere.
Bad first experience at the sugar factory. I've heard before that the food was great so my mom and I gave it a shot the first night we were in Vegas. Well turned out that I got food poisoning from the hamburger I ate and our 3 day trip turned into a one day trip. I will never eat here ever again.
Great Mexican food and is usually serviced fast.
Just like their location on Craig this restaurant has great food. Has low carb options and they serve salmon now as well. Great customer service and they got my order right :)
Coffee to rival the best in Vancouver... Excellent!
This place is boss.\n\nI'll even forgive that my future kid will be drinking powdered milk instead of real milk because of this place.
Had high hopes for this place, but honestly have had better.  The atmosphere is nice; the service is a little show and we felt neglected at times.
Pretty good hole in the wall Chinese place. The best thing about it are the lunch specials. I pay $4.90 including tax for bbq pork fried rice and kung pao chicken and it actually tastes good. Can't beat that!! They have other combinations you can get as well for the same price.
Decent food.  Service was fine.  Nothing special in my mind.
OK i have try-ed this place 5 times now and every time it was bland, no taste. but i think that's the way it goes in AZ, people that grew up here have no taste they just eat where and whatever is there and like it lol Cervantes on mill/southern is fresher and taste better!
This review is only regarding the beer selection as it's the only thing I had:\n\nWhat's with all the pale ales? I like how MUCH you have on tap, but would it hurt to branch out for those of us who don't like (actually, hate) pale ales?
Excellent food at reasonable prices!  My (sometimes hard to please) father had the lamb and he was impressed.  It looked amazing.  My mousaka and green beans were delicious.  We didn't have dessert, but I'm making a special trip back just to try some of those!
It's an okay place, biggest disappointment was when a waiter girl had her hand down her butt. Just walking casually, gross... Food was okay waiter was pretty great!
Stopped by here on the way to the airport.  They had a large variety of beers. And some interesting memue items. Pinky dog was awesome
I like the healthy tasty food they prepare (broiled chicken) very much and i like the cilantro dressing, but some times it takes forever to have your order ready...
Rave motion pictures and Regal theaters are better. Why would you have $5 Movie Mondays but for only select movies and not all movies. LAME!
Very relaxing. Great color options. Very friendly. Lots of services offered. Will definitely be back!!!
what an amazing restaurant ...quaint, clean and friendly reasonable prices and the food was great with a unique taste.   There was a constant in flow of customers the entire time we were there.  Put it as a don't miss if you are flying out of Charlotte.
I highly recommend that you take your shoe repairs elsewhere.  I am absolutely baffled at how unpleasant the customer service was.  Like the other reviews had mentioned they are very disorganized, and COMPLETELY rude. Its sad that people can actually run a business this way.
Lolz I just came in on Sunday and they said no hot dogs. So wouldn't let this trip go to waste and ordered take-out for two glazed apple doughnuts like a boss. The donuts were cool. Atmosphere was cool too. I imagine this place is a good spot for hot dogs when they have some.
I really enjoyed the pizza.. & the meat platter but its too far for me to go all the way there I mean ive been there a couple of times.. nothing special but its deffintally good pizza
\"New\" Wal Mart\n\nClean and not a freak show like \"Old\"
Just tried the brunch today. I got the big breakfast sandwich it was pretty good. I would get I t again. My wife liked the bean burger but wouldn't recommend the tofu taco.
I specifically came on Yelp to find a new nail salon. This place got good reviews so I figured what the heck.. Let's give it a try! I have not been disappointed yet. The workers are very friendly and the owner goes out of her way to accommodate everyone. I have been three times and I will continue to come back
Too expensive for what you get.
I have been coming here for a few years now and it is a great place to grab some quality Mexican food, and for the price, you can't beat it! I recommend the rolled tacos w/ guacamole or any of the breakfast burritos.
I know I gave Roberto's 5 stars but Fausto's is way better. They are just a lot farther away from my house. I love their carne asada and chips and cheese. Great place for a quick bite of tasty and blessedly unhealthy Mexican food.
Compared to the prototypical airport restaurant it is alright but compared to what I am expecting with the new local Phoenix restaurant coalition I found this place out classed.  A pretty bland and relatively expensive take on 'gourmet' Mexican.
Really cool place for drinks. They have a great wine and scotch selection. I want to try their food but haven't made it there for that yet.
What a great restaurant and experience.  Though we had a bit of a wait on Saturday morning, the breakfast menu is wonderful and the overall experience is great.  I highly recommend this place as a neighborhood find and great place for a regular visit.
Amazing food! I have loved every in I have tired. The chicken tacos are one of my favorites. Everyone should give this place a try.
I have issues with bar's in strip centers.  But this one wasn't half bad.  Went for a AZ Derby Dames event then went to see the Phunk Junkeez.  It's a laid back kinda place that I usually take a liking to.
A good mall, diverse shops (as expected). The food court is average with the regulars.
The sales experience was great.  Friendly, nice and willing to help.  HOWEVER, stay away from the repair service.   The complete opposite of the sales experience.   They are NOT friendly.  Horrible service.  They should be ashamed.   I am confident they don't care.  I emailed the General Manager and no response back.  Amazing!
Nice environment. Great food and not a bad price. I'd highly recommend the v burger and the frites appetizer. But the service could have been a little more prompt....
Mmmm... Chicken teriyaki bowl...\n\nThe chicken: white, fully cooked, doesn't taste rancid\n\nThe rice: also white\n\nThe veggies: death by grill\n\nThe flavor: meh
Boo! Not a fan of the food at all. Customer service was good & prices were ok.
When gas pump malfunctioned and wiped out my Fry's fuel points that would have saved 20 cents per gallon, employee refused to make it right; told me to call Shell. All he had to do was refund a couple of dollars if I filled my tank. Very poor customer service.
Smoky old school depressing casino. Smell like an ashtray after visiting - boo. 2 stars because there are worse casinos in Vegas ;)
Been to Kung Fu a few times. LOVE IT. Its always pretty full when we go so it makes it a better experience to people watch. I always the Tom Yum soup with shrimp. Love the spyciness. I also recommend the walnut shrimp if you like sweet food. Place seems clean and waitress is always sweet.
It's far off the strip but one my best friends love rock music so I opted to visit. It was okay. Boring for a non rock fan.
Stopped in after a long day of travel - service was awful and food not great. Took waitress over 15 minutes to take our drink order.....then order was wrong. she spent the entire time apologizing in an awkward, annoying way...not in a way that helps you forget a little mistake. Ouch.
Worst customer service  ever! They have only 2 lanes open, no self checkout, unfriendly workers, young workers who rather text than bag our groceries! Slow workers I can go on and on
I don't know what sort of seasoning they use for the chicken and steak shawarma, but I thought it was disgusting.  The gyro was decent and the baklava was ok.
Most of the games were out of order and I had to find one of those referee looking people to fix 2 of them that took some of our credits.  Apathetic service staff all around, the Peanut and I were really disappointed.  Won't be back.
Food was slow and cold when it finally gets to you. Wait staff was slow to take drink and food order. Bread made it to the table 20 minutes after we sat down. Lunch for five adults from start to finish took 90 minutes and it was not very busy on a Thursday! I will not go back again.
Dr Trichak is the best dentist I've ever seen I will refer him to everyone I know very proud to have him as my dentist. Once you see him you'll never go to anyone else.
The crew seems to mean well but should slow down or be more precise in their order management so as to not mess up so many drinks! The coffee was good though.
Loved the show!  So glad I went, it was fun and the singers were great!  I will tell all my Motown fan friends to go see the show.  Not really a bad seat in the cozy theater.
Everytime I go into Brillobox it gets better and better...I even like the bartenders a little more than usual. Great events and fun people. Definitelty my favorite neighborhood bar.
Penn Foster does not have regional accreditation which means their degrees are not widely accepted. Also, if some one from Penn Foster earns a bachelor degree and then wants to get their masters, forget it, will not happen without regional accreditation. If your going to spend the money and need to do it online find a school with REGIONAL accreditation.
Have been here twice now for breakfast. I've had the blueberry pancakes and huevos rancheros. I love all of their different options for bacon. My favorites are the jalepeno and the apple cider! Friendly staff, good food, and fast service. All in all a good experience! I will be returning!
I hate the sound of the \"one arm bandit,\" and to no surprise there they sat in front of the gate.\n\nThe airport is small and clean. No complaints here.
Great food! Great service! The bacon waffles are amazing.
They have a lot of options on the menu and usually you are seated quickly. Their service is pushy and servers don't seem to know the menu. They did make mistakes to my last two orders but did try to correct them. Food is decent and service is average
Great instructors and an amazing workout everytime. I hate to tell people I work out here because I don't want the classes to get super busy! Would recommend this studio 100%!!
I don't write many reviews, but St. Francis is one of the best foodie joints I've been too. Knowledgeable staff and great use of ingredients. Had the Pig Dip and am thinking about coming back for dinner. Definitely will come back next trip to Phoenix.
We got a real treat this time on our dessert! A Mango, Coconut Ice cream and a warm sticky rice. My wife loved it. Pad Thai and Vegetable tom yam sooo delicious.
Drinks were good but they need to work on their anju!! Serving deep fried pre-frozen costco purchased item is not going to cut it!!!
Never flying this lousy airline ever again. \n\nThey screw you over at every opportunity.\n\nI wish there was a way to give zero stars.
I like the new location. I have only tried the coffee & pastries so far but both are still excellent. Monkey Bread, mmm. The new space has a nice cafe feel that looks suitable for just relaxing, lunch or a meeting (they still have meeting space).
Just got my softshell fix. Yum!!! And friendly service too. Great place!
Worst experience ever. Staff wasn't helpful. Bathroom was disgusting. Food was unsatisfying and there was absolutely nothing special about it. And the food poisoning later that evening was not enjoyable either. Especially being pregnant. Definitely will never, ever go back!
I am not impressed with Blue lemon. I give it one star for the awesome decor but besides there is nothing much to it. The food was not that good and although it did come out fast I would rather take my ten dollars else were.
I booked this place online, when I got there, they gave me different room, they said you can change it later, and when I changed it, they charged me extra for it which I didn't ask for, I just asked for what I booked. At the end I paid 100$ extra for 4 nights.
Last time we ate here, my friend and I got food poisoning; she threw up in the parking lot and I at least made it home before I lost it.  Previously it was a DECENT place to go after bar time: open late and cheap, but I guess you get what you pay for....mystery meat.
No more lettuce for my salad?  Well take your lazy butt to the back and chop up some more vegetables . What a bad customer experience. I will never go to the Chipotle ever again lazy late night crew
Very nice facility, very nice staff and great coffee!! I can not complain.
Best place to come get your car clean!\nKuddo's to the team!
The worst McD's EVER!  Took 20 min for 2 coffees, & they couldn't get it right.  Everything about it was bad, slow, irritating.
My kids LOVE this place!  They would go every day if I let them!
Very nice venue\nI saw Jon Gordon speaker for the NEW (executive women) and was impressed with food and how upscale it is
Guess who just reopened??  WON'T be revisiting!! LoL
I'm sitting at the bar at this moment and have been sitting here for 20 minutes now and haven't been greeted by a single bar tender, waitress or any staff at all.
Food is excellent!  Portions are large.  The service is fast.  The food is healthy.  The owner served us and was very passionate about his food and restaurant. Id recommend this place to anyone.
love this place,went here a couple of times for my birthday and my son's birthday and they did a great job singing in japanese and english.great food! i do prefer the asain chef there though, he seemed more alive in his cooking than the hispanic one.but still good food.
Not too familiar with dim sum, but overall I tought it was worthy of 4 stars.  It's a good value proposition, felt authentic, but the quality of the food could be a little better.\nFour of us are plenty withy left overs for $55.
Speed AWAY from Speedee Mart (you might get shanked if you don't).
There was almost nothing I liked about this place, other than my friends band that was playing.
The food is good, I only go for the mashed potatoes for breakfast.... if you have two hours to spare waiting for coffee, food, a waitress or waiter....
Love this place.  The noodle dishes never disappoint.  Tried the crispy beef this time and would definitely get it again.  The staff is attentive.   The atmosphere here is great.
If I could give minus stars I would. Probably the worst run hotel I've ever stayed in. Service is beyond slow and unfriendly. Buffet was horrible. No hot water. Room not set up as promised by front desk. I could go on and on. STAY AWAY
The food and service are absolutely amazing!!  I haven't tried anything here that I didn't like.  However, I have recently learned that the owner keeps his employees tips if they are put on a credit card.  Please, please, if you eat here tip in cash.  The employees are wonderful and should get the money that is left for them.
Fantastic burgers, I really like the exotics!  Sweet potato fries are great.  Wait staff has always been happy and polite.
Go soft and juicy burgers!  I dream and crave these burgers.  Basic cheese burger with pickles and they special mustard.
great lobster mac n cheese! for a mall setting.  but the mall is in vegas.  and i was able to drink a beer in the mall with my mac n cheese.\n\ncheck it out!
Very very disappointed! I had heard great things about this place unfortunately it was overrated. I got food for 7 of us. The tacos were extremely greasy yet dry. They are nothing special for sure. No one finished what they ordered. Extremely tasteless. I will stick to my mother's tacos.
Best Place Ever:) Happy hour 3-7 7 days a week! Mussels,Clams,Oysters on the half shell to die for!
This place was disgusting. Came here at the Arizona mills location. I had the chicken chipotle panini. It sounded good. Once I got it and ate half of the sandwich I felt extremely weird and felt like I ate a ton of hormones. Probably in the chicken. Not going there again.
Fantastic hotel, I've had the luxury of only staying here in suites, and for bachelor parties and weekend-long benders, but I felt that everyone in the hotel and casino was friendly and attentive, regardless of my mental condition.
If you need to have a sleep study done this is the place to have it done. With 5 sleep centers throughout the valley there was a sleep center not far from where we were staying. The facility is absolutely beautiful.The rooms are like a resort with the staff as nice as can be and very knowledgeable.  My daughter had the best experience here.
Waited over 40 minutes for a half-pound of dry ground beef; nothing \"BBQ\" about the BBQ Western burger. If the rest of the menu is the same quality, no wonder they need girls in shorts and tank tops to get customers!
Service was excellent.  Only issue is our meals were way more salty than necessary. Wife loved the Blood Orange margarita.
We were handed the menu and told to take the last booth. We sat down. Looked at the menu for a sec. Were bothered by it and walked out. Terrible host
Two words come to mind: never again.
A+.....Went to get my HD ultrasound at 27 weeks & the staff is wonderful here.\nWe also got amazing HD pictures of our baby!!! 100% recommended!
We came here with high hopes however, they changed the menu completely and it is nothing like it used to be. \n\nI will not be back to eat. The food quality has gone very far down hill.
I nice little small place.  Very Rat Pack decor and atmosphere.  The food was good as the pictures show and service was excellent.  I thought the food was a little too salty and $15 for martini's a little pricey.....if not for those two misses this place is a four star restaurant.
The school was alright. Was recommended by my friends. Was disappointed on how they teach in the class. During class, I definitely didn't feel confident on learning. I felt there was a blank inside my head. I was happy that I passed the school exam.
The Rubio's Original Taco is amazing.  It has all of the flavor, freshness that a Fish Taco should have.  I enjoy it a lot.  A MUST eat at Rubio's.
Went here to meet a nightclub tour group which starts at this location then tours a few other clubs. I asked the bartender how to check in and he was very rude. He obviously hated the nightclub tour groups so made sure he was as condescending as possible to me. Ouch!
I went here afte checking the reviews and it was close. This place is ok I usually give spots another chance so I will update soon but for now I really wasnt amazed. I had a waffle breakfast sandwich and it tasted like something i couldve made at home.
33.00 for a \"Special\" and a mofongo that nearly broke my teeth.
I ordered fried shrimp and the fish and chips. First off the shrimps  were very tiny and the fish was burnt the server  was awful. The  only good thing  were the drinks that's because we brought  our own drinks.  Don't come here. You even have to flag down your freaking server and they need better cooks.
Stopped in for a drink while killing some time. Service at the bar was fast and friendly.  Didn't try the food, but if I was in the area, I would go back again.
I'm a chocoholic so I'm always in heaven when I come here!  The turtles are to die for!! The almond bar is awesome and, of course, their chocolate covered strawberries are truly remarkable!! Whenever I go to Fashion Square Mall, I always stop and get my $4.00 turtle!
What I like about this DQ is they have a machine with rubber balls in it for .25c and my six year old niece always asks to go so she can add a few balls to her collection. Love the blizzards.
Pretty good. Your average buffet. Long lines, avoid it if you can, not worth the wait. There are better buffets on the strip if you really want to eat in the area. It would be a 3 star restaurant if not for the insanely long wait
The crepes taste so good I had the Nutella crepe with banana and ice cream it was delicious very clean and friendly staff.
First time hiking and really enjoyed Thunderbird. Plenty of trails that were just challenging enough. Could have used a few more directional signs. From out of town and had a little trouble finding my car when I was done. Excellent location though. I'll be back!
5 Dollar Coolness to the MAX!!  Great stay in car role-thru wash....not much spotting, Perfect solution for a regular wash that will not hurt the wallet!!
No! not a good Chinese bakery at all! The bread I had was dense, and oily! Definitely not like anything I would find in the bay area! Never again!
Good Thai! And very reasonable prices, orange chicken is delicious.\n\nThis place is great for dine in and take out
The other Thai Restaurant that I really like. Good proportion of food and the taste is really good.
Nourriture mexicaine am\u00e9ricanis\u00e9. Restaurant sale. Cocktail moyen. Nourriture sans go\u00fbt.
Place gets real packed, 45 mins wait the day after Christmas dinner. Glad I waited since the food was delicious! Service was great!
My sister in law recommended Valley Pediatric to me and rightfully so! The entire staff was wonderful! Dr. Amy worked her magic and took care of everything with in one visit. Now I understand why they have pediatric offices, you really need a special touch and understnading of how children think and they have it down pat here!!!
Excellent bartenders.  Theo was great in introducing us to some new single malts.  They have a large selection.  Food was solid Scottish fare with great, attentive service.
So yummy....  Ate there again for lunch today.  Good service, great pizza and salad.  Great lunch deal.  Love the drive through for weekend nights.
Overrated. That's all I have to say. But I mean hey this is coming from a southern California girl who would choose to go to In N Out where I can get a burger with extra everything and grilled onions for just $1.75. Just sayin'.
The rooms were so big!\nWe had a large party and\nWere taken care of*\n\n*lots of bachelor/ette parties were there
Best breakfast ever had pancakes are the best out here in vegas sooo worth 30 min wait. can't wait to go  back.
Great place to kick back and enjoy some live music with descent food and good drink.
Had an 11am appointment, showed up 15 min early to get the paperwork done at 11.... And I sit and wait for an hour. Why do they think it's okay to make an appointment, yet have you wait an hour? Complete joke
The theater could use updated. Friendly staff and clean but they dont show all new releases and the theater is on the small side...love the location. I can dine and shop in the mall but they need a bigger theater to have longevity.
I usually love this place however there new funnel cake ice cream and churro ice cream are horrible. the pastry was stale and hard and lacked flavor. I will continue going back but get the old stuff I love. I think the worker was trying to tell me to stay away but i wouldn't listen.
Great place!!!!!!!!!  Awesome welcoming Labs!  good place to relax and workout and climb!! and close in the henderson area!
2.5\n\nThe service blew ass chunks.  This became a trend at all of Wynn's restaurants during our stay.\n\nGo to Nobu and save yourself the trouble.  Better food, better service.
Muddy sound, unimpressive seats...meh.  It seemed pretty worn down for being such a new theater.  I'll stick to one of the two big chains.
Service was nice, but as a Peruvian I tried there lomo saltaldo and I was very disappointed. Too many fries, everything was soggy and the rice was pretty bad too
I have eaten there a few times. And the burgers are pretty good and they give you a crazy amount of fries. My daughter loves the soda machine. But it is over priced so we would eat there more if it was cheaper.
The chips were delicious, very warm and fresh! The bean dip was great as well as the strawberry mojito! The place was warm and had a very relaxing vibe. A good place to just hang out. But that's about it, the food wasn't that great kind of dry and boring. Not too impressed :/
Everything is great.  Great meats, good selection of sides and very consistent.
The food was delicious and fairly priced. Everyone I was with really enjoyed their food and said they would go back again. We were unsure about the wine our waiter recommended so he let us taste it first. After the taste we knew he was knowledgeable about the wine list and what wine paired with what food.
Horrible service.  Only two people working. The only time the lady smile was when she receive the bill. Party of 9, and everyone wasnt satisfied. First and LAST time everrrr.
I will update this review to 4.5 - 5 stars.  Convinced by some friends to go back.  Service was QUICK and pleasant!  They bent over backwards to cater to my food allergies.  What a great experience!  DEFINITELY worth it!
The rooms are great. The pool area is nice. My only complaint is a very high resort fee. Almost $28. I wanted to splurge a little and stay at a nice place but the fee made it not worth it.
This is McDonalds!!! Nothing good to expect!\n\nDont wanna lie so here's a honest Review.\n\nMcDonalds has many stores but the quality of their food is low. Quantity over Quality!
This place has the best pizza in town, our family loves eating here and we enjoy them a lot. The pizza is always fresh to order no sitting around getting cold and nasty!
Guy who did my nails did a horrible job. They looked awful. He seemed to be in a hurry and it showed. Definitely the worst full set I've ever had. This place is always too crowded and loud.
Beautiful hotel, nice rooms, great service one big problem, for what you pay on the rooms you should get free internet. $13 bucks for 24 hours that is ridiculous . Awesome workout facility that you don't have to pay for, but they get that back in drink prices. 6 bucks for domestic? Ouch.
Great food. Horrible grunge rock music at lunchtime. Loud and jarring. Why? Who makes these choices? I get the tatted hip wait staff ethos, but at lunchtime in broad daylight the music is just wrong.
The service was slow. The waiter got our drink order wrong. The food was a bit on the tasteless side. Not worth the price.
You wont regret it
Great food and price!!  Love the place!
Amazing place !!!! I love how they have a variety of smoothies and milk teas. Great customer service, very clean!!!! My favorite is the coconut milk tea with jelly and boba!!!!
Service is good not to be confused with great, the happy hour specials are awesome draft beer for 3 bucks you cant go wrong , clam chowder is dismal , overall it is ok , waitress could have upsold the beers and explained all the specials a little more ..
I travel alot and have to try and watch what I eat...so this place...who knew?  Has calorie counts, will custom make what you want...and is pretty good on the wallet.
Most authentic Japanese sushi in town. Fresh cuts of fish that you won't find anywhere else. Service is amazing and you will not be disappointed!!!
This was the first club I went to in Las Vegas. Ladies are free before midnight. There is a VIP section with table service. After midnight, ladies are allowed to dance on the tables. This place is rather small and the dance floor isnt really one. That being said, the DJs were decent and I had a blast dancing on the tables :)
Yummo... But I wouldn't recommend the Hooters Roll...
Bier, beer og cerveza! \n\nThis must be one of the best pubs caring microbrews in Pittsburgh.  Their selection and happy hour deals are great.  Keep up the great work, Scott & Co!
Drinks, drag queens, dancing AND bowling!  Love it!
The service department is a joke do not take your Land Rovers here.
There is something special about every Mandarin Oriental and this is definitely it. Very dim lit, super classy, chic yet comfortable.
This place is awesome and the employees are so friendly!  I can't say enough about them and the delicious food.  I am a regular here now along with the others in my office and we LOVE the Gyro and Greek fries!!  YUMMO!!  We love you Oliveo Grill...
Food is OK.  The fish taco's are good but not the best.  I also ordered shrimp tacos and just OK.  The guacamole was 10 bucks and pretty good.  I give it 3 stars for food and four stars for service and location.  You can't beat overlooking the fountains and people watching.
Love this place! Always my go to breakfast place!
D E L I C I O U S!! The Mexican corn is so so good. Everyone that works there is friendly. And it's VERY clean. Highly recommended if you are looking for some yummy Mexican food!!!
I came here on a first date. Thank God for the bacon board, it made the whole experience bearable! I would definitely get that again. \nThe whole atmosphere is adorable and I would definitely sit at the bar next time. Thank you for the awesome food that made up for the lousy company!
Same as the other posts....Got ignored...Gear overpriced and snotty staff.  Dude you sell car stereos for a living.
I LOVE my training studio! It is filled with fantastic coaches and team members. This is the place for you if you want to perfect the quality of your movements. They have helped me get stronger, improve my endurance, increase my mobility and taught me how to make the best nutritional choices. I'm hooked for life!
This Savers was truly legit. Get there early if you want a shopping cart! They line up outside at 8:30am on Mondays ($0.99 yellow tag day!). Great book section, found some true gems in the Womens clothing, and the staff is very nice and friendly. Thank you again Savers!
best sandwich in all of Pittsburgh! I love their corned beef! This is truly a Pittsburgh staple and is always at the TOP of my list whenever I come to Pitt. This location is smaller than the one in the packing district with a lot less seating, this location is better for take out.
Ewww found three fingernails in my eggs. When I asked for a new plate they acted like I was completely unreasonable. Do you even know how to breakfast? Insanity.
Live and drink here
Todd was a terrible bartender and ignored us the entire time we were at the bar.  He seemed to be very friendly to everyone else but walked by us each time.
Has to be one of the best buffets I've ever been to. Fast service and high quality food. The dessert buffet is the best part!
Slow, slow, slow. Awesome food- can't say the same for the service. We waited 25 minutes for shakes.... not acceptable. Burgers were so good (especially the quinoa) that we'll probably be back. Hoping for an improvement next time.
I love this place, they have new management. They do what you ask and are very friendly.
We had a nice lunch. Friendly helpful staff. Service was good. Food was very nice. Chef is accommodating on changes. Definitely return.
Great food, great service.  If you want a nice steak dinner, you don't need to hit the Strip.  I agree with other reviews...can't believe this restaurant is at this location.
This is a hidden gem at Tivoli Village.  A terrific alternative to the pricey strip steakhouses.  Good atmosphere and the staff was 100% on their game and seemed to really care that we were having a great meal.  I'm not a cauliflower guy, but you absolutely need to try it.
A little pricey, but good food. It has a nice spread of tables in front so one can enjoy the meal while waiting for a connection. Had the brisket sand & mashed potatos
I love soul food restaurants and this one is definitely a fave. I haven't tried anything there that I have not loved. I hate cornbread in general, but Mert's cornbread is something that every Charlottean should experience. Love it.
Very rude people here I felt the pressured to buy the insurance and when I was exiting the place the worker made me run back and give him his stupid 10cent pen
I love whiskey warehouse it's a nice change of pace for plaza Midwood. I generally really like the crowd that comes... The food is great, the waitresses are super friendly and the drink prices are awesome. The only reason for the four stars is the parking is really terrible!
Located right off the 215 and N Durango, this location is a great place to fill up your car if you live in the area.  The lanes are wide and there's easy access from Durango.\n\nReturn Factor - 75%
This place is out of business!  Proof that people in Goodyear wont pay $10 for a Panini.
This is the place to go for warm beer okay food with nice view. Plus the service is terrible!
Great flavors (though a small selection at any one time), and friendly service.  Seating is out back on a patio with heaters.
AMAZING!!!! I had the bulgogi fries and another dish I was so full but couldnt stop eating..will be going back for sure!!
Out of Business. I checked the phone thinking they might have moved. Nope - \"no longer in service\"
The worst dining experience of my life. The wait staff was god awful. I'll never come back unless I plan on wasting 2 hours of my life waiting for mediocre frozen enchiladas. This place fucking blows.
Dish was amazing. The atmosphere was very romantic and intimate. Friendly and fast table service. Small and full bar, perfect for happy hour after a hard day at the office. The food was fantastic. An eclectic environment for the college date, or date night for mom and dad. A must try.
The food and the service was horrible.  It was my first time, but was not impressed.  The service never came to ask how we were or to refill our drinks.
I just found my new favorite place for Chinese food in Las Vegas.  The food was amazing.  I had the BBQ Ribs, Hot and Sour Soup and the Vegetable Chow Mein.  All of it was great.
New summer hours: Thursday thru Sunday. Good coffee.
I was shocked at the price of this buffet.  Vegas has gone sky-high from the good old days.  The buffet was terrible and my oatmeal was cold by the time I got through the line.  Will never go again.
i highly suggest oxtail chili cheese fries, truffle parmesan fries, and the kalbi burger. The burger was juicy with tons of flavor!
Great place! Awesome wait staff. Our table had lots of different meals and everything was top notch. Come here.
I get really tired of every restaurant on the strip having to charge $10 bucks for a drink. It's not that I am cheap by any means but I struggle paying $10.00 for a well Vodka bloody mary. That being said the food and the service are er solid.
Delicious chicken fingers and awesome service! I ordered a 50 finger party platter for a work party and everyone raved about them. It's really good quality chicken and  the dipping sauces are delicious - we got special, ranch, honey mustard and buffalo.  They also made us the platter last minute and it was very affordable.
Not sure why this place is so popular. Burgers are OK, but fries are over cooked and have little flavor. And the music is WAY too loud. Couldn't hear myself think. Won't be back.
Sushi rolls were relatively small and overpriced. Nothing too special about them either. Very slow service. Just nothing special about the place-- of course, sushi in Madison is pretty tough to come by, so perhaps I just need to lower my expectations.
Awesome awesome awesome !!!! Do yourself  a favor & go experience the Detroit red wings you won't regret it.
Went with a large group. Fast service, great service! The pretzel rolls are delish! I ordered the house side salad and the lighter appetite marinated beef slices. It was a delicious, German meal. Would highly recommend if UR a German or if you love German dishes
Food is good, mildly above mediocre and service is really unreliable, rude and elitist. I get treated differently based on what/who I come in with. I only come here as often because my boyfriend loves it. Good deals on brunches and cocktails.
Great dinner, but the food is not remarkable. Delicious but I've had better. The service was on point though and the presentation was great.
This was a great museum to visit in Montreal.  There's a variety of interesting pieces everywhere.  The museum is located in the central part of Montreal and very easy to get to...from that area there are a ton of other interesting spots to see.
would not recommend this place - they have a hidden 12$ card minimum and are totally not negotiable about this. they should be way way more up front!
I don't always have hot wings, but when i do, It's at Time out! \n Best Bar food in Town!!
It's good, not amazing but good. The breakfast is a hit or miss but if you want to find a somewhat healthy quick breakfast then N-Counter is the best option in the Tempe area.
2nd time around was much much better.  We had a great time, a great meal and service was spot on.  Cookies on the way out are awesome! I'll go back!
I am with Nicole on this review.  Service lacks at this location, and the place is a madhouse unless you go after 8 or 9PM.  I was a long time Fry's shopper, but I avoid Fry's now because of this location.  I shop now at a competitor two miles farther east.
Came back for a 2nd try and this time was wayyyy better. Amy was our server and she was prompt and kind. Completely changed my mind about this place and will be back in the future!!!
I've never had a problem buying iPhones from this store until today. I went in to buy 3 iPhones and walked out with none. That should say enough about this store.
Very disappointed. I went there looking for a maternity dress and was told they no longer have a maternity section because they got rid of it. As a result, they no longer have me as a customer.
Great food and service. Very happy with my visit.
Sound quality is bad, though screen is ok.
Been trying to think of a pizza that I have had in Charlotte that was worse.....have not been able to.
Ordered the salmon it was extremely dry my fiance did not like his dish either. I will not return to this place ever again!
I don't know what all the bad reviews are about. I eat lunch here once a week or so and like the food and service. Not bad at all!
Long long long lines and employees are helpful but dont seem very happy. It must be all the older people from sun city who I see fighting with them.
The drive through is usually fast but the employees came sometimes take too much time for one little thing. I usually don't go to this one even though it is closest to where I live just because i'm a regular at the Wells Fargo by Desert Ridge. It's somewhat easy to find though if you've never been here before.
Food was awful, too expensive and service was terrible they didn't even accept Yelp coupon. Come on u can't honor the coupon and call yelp and fix it later, was 20% worth losing a customer??? They're lucky I'm giving them a star! Never going back there again!
I can't believe people like this place. I think the Good Egg was better. I waited at least 25 minutes, and it built up my expectations. So i was clearly disappointed when i went. How is this rated one of the top breakfast places...I guess that says a lot for scottsdale
Great food menu.very unique drinks, most which are really pricey. Which is why it looses a star.overall a great place with excellent food and drinks.and the sidewalk elevated seating was grand.
Ordered a the chicken salad sandwich.\nI was good. \nPrice was reasonable too.
Thank you Shane for keeping my company vehicles on the road and in good working condition.  I highly recommend Shane's Mobile Repair for all your mechanical needs.
This is a fairly competent restaurant that tries to be more than it is... With the PeiWei style cafeteria ordering process, it is difficult to pull off the trendy-chic branding they are reaching for with the low rent seating, ordering and service model. However, with all that said, the food is tasty and well prepared!
Chicken fried chicken almost gave me a stroke because it was so salty. Bad service and poor management.
1 tequila\n2 tequila\n3 tequila\nfloor......\n\nj/k...\nI'm a fan of the goose & some juice... ;)
I like Charlie's for the most part. I haven't been on a Tuesday in a while. I had a good time. Jason was a great bartender.  The music was terrible.  DJ Tsunami kept repeating songs and seemed to be playing for only 12 year old girls.  Please replace him with the Thursday dj.
Been here a few times, mostly has not lived up to the hype.  Decent food but it's hit and miss.  Long wait on the weekends.
The donuts were very, very greasy and bland, although the decorations were pretty. Paid $14.50 for 6, probably because they were fancier than the plain ones. Had to pay to park to buy them as well. Downtown is annoying that way.
Not impressed. Rear view mirrors still leaking water car still pretty dusty on inside windshield still had bugs:( it was quick but for the price I could have gone to Los olives
Staff really doesn't care if you live or die !! They seem to not understand the concept of customer service and that less customers equals less money for the business . What a waste of a good location.
Took 30 minutes for a beer however the burger was excellent!  Staff was very friendly and apologized for the delayed beer and was very good about recovering from the mishap.  We came back the following morning for breakfast.  Again slow service and a slightly less friendly staff.  Oh well.
I just ordered short ribs. And I know their quality isn't the best, but when I got home and opened my dinner, I got the most thinly cut horribly cooked short ribs I've ever gotten. ever!!!! And I am not one to complain, but this is ridiculous! Not happy at all!
Overhyped candy store. I haven't tried their drinks or food or anything but the store is just ok. They do have some unique candies you can't find anywhere else but it's super pricey. I'd come back if I was around the area but eh.
The bread was great, as they get it from San Francisco, however, the food they brought out was cold, and it was average quality for a more expensive, upscale-looking restaurant.
After numerous phone calls and driving down to the store I was given horriable. Customer service. They were rude on the phone and in person. They were rude to a family member who called also. I won't give these people a dime of my money.
what a perfect little place.  I wish we had more places like this here in Miami.  All you need to know is that everything is exceedingly fresh and the sandwiches are the best I had in Montreal.  The atmosphere is very cute with great energy.  Highly recommended for an excellent lunch.  We were there for 6 days and came here twice.
Just off I-10,  Sooo glad Casa Grande has one.   Fresh-Friendly- & the Best Burgers.  Fresh cut fires -You Cannot Compare to Others.  Soooooo Good!!!!!
Efficient service and decent food. The snadwiches and coffee are great. However, it would not qualify as a true brnch place.
Room was fantastic. The spa treatments were amazing. Rather stay here than on the strip. By far. Will be back
The only thing going for Salty Senoritas is its location in Old Town Scottsdale. I've only eaten there once and left with a pricey stomach ache. Seems to be the trend at this restaurant. I'll take my Cinco de Mayo to Fox Restaurant Concepts, Blanco and enjoy great food in a great atmosphere.
Yah yah yah 3rd industry night; third review updated.\n\nTalk about FREEEKIN' HOT GUY PARTY this past Monday. nom nom nom\n\nEye candy galore..almost felt like I was In San Francisco for a minute.
This spot was delicious ! I tasted almost the entire menu. The service was very warming and I will definitely be back!
Service was great and friendly. Problem is that outside its 50 degrees and the beer in the fridge is warm. I will be back I just will do without beer. Guacamole was very fresh I just wish they added seasoning to it.
Pleasant surprise.  The hotel was in great condition.  The rooms were large and very comfortable.  The restaurants in the hotel were great value for the money.  I would not recommend the Gordie Brown show.  We went only because of a grupon it only cost $3.  The show itself had a few funny parts but was dated.
Been going here for years, by far my favorite quick pizza and wing stop! It's been a lot nicer to dine in after the remodel a number of years ago. Keep up the great work!
I rented fox car 3 time in 2014 . Every time they charge more than what is promised. This time when I rented the car and they put wrong time and charged me 47 dollars for 4 hours. They charged wrong price and blame on price line. I am never going there again
Instead of asking how he can make my experience better ...the manager just belittles my post and says I was advertising his competition...I was just being honest DO NOT BUY FROM THESE GUYS!
Love the selection of sandwiches here.\n\n Theyre fast and use quality ingredients.\n\nThe only downfall to going here is that the parking lot is small and its a nightmare to try and find a space at lunch time.
Terrible service and the food was cold when it got to the table. Severely disappointing. Not nearly the same experience as it was a few years ago. Lots of other good places nearby
Too dark for dining, too loud to enjoy dinner. Tries too hard to be swanky. Food is good, too expensive.
Delicious wraps here! The bread part of the wrap is not too thick or too thin and it was crispy! They had a good selection of vegetarian wraps, and they were the prefect size for lunch! Both the kale wrap and the musakaa wrap were amazing! Also priced perfectly!
Excellent food and a great price! I'm not from Vegas but when I went to visit my best friend she brought me here. I really enjoyed it and the food.
Poor service, with worse food. The only draw is obvious from the name of the restaurant. But that is why we have the internet.
Not honest ! Had my brakes checked and they said all was fine. Went to a different place to have my tires rotated and they showed me where a bolt stud had been broken. It could have only have been where they had checked the brakes. What a shame people are dishonest
Love these outlets, great selection and prices, not the normal last season stuff you find at other outlets. The stores selection is great, lacoste, D&G, Stuart Weisman, at an outlet mall thats awesome. Always end up buying several items from here.
Went here while my sister was getting a tattoo a few blocks down. Pretty ghetto area but delicious tacos. We went with the standard asada tacos and they were the perfect little palm-sized munchies overstuffed with steak, white onion and cilantro
It's tough to give a fast food joint a high rating but these guys did a nice job.  Really a 3 1/2.  The drive thru was slow because they were making more food.  The chicken strips, fries and bread and were all very good.  Surprised actually.  Will be back.
Everything about this place is great.\n\nAwesome staff, awesome accommodations, awesome gear, awesome atmosphere.\n\nMy band has been coming here for two years now and I would never consider going anywhere else.
If you love cevaps, you will love Euro Grill!  Definately add the ajvar & kajmak when ordering.  This is the only place in Charlotte that offers cevaps and other Bosnian specialties.
The atmosphere was inviting and the waitress pleasant. The Mac and Cheese was tasty. The burger was one of the worst I've ever had.
Had incredible ribeye steak & a Mac n cheese dish.  Perfect!
Dr Sandee Patel is OUTSTANDING! One of the best doctors that I have ever had.
The server Paul is awesome! He was very attentive. The pho was terrible! Probably the worst I've ever had. How can you mess up on pho? Three stars for exceptional service!
Omg no discount for locals or club cards. Food was old and crusty. And for 15 dollars a person for lunch. McDonalds would of been better. Thanks Palms tou always said \"locals first\"... i will never ever come here again. Just gross!
The idea of this food truck was so much better than the actual food. Three veggie tacos soaked completely through with a sauce leaving a quarter inch on the bottom of the boat. So disappointed and mildly irritated that I didn't just go down the street to Cabo.
Very friendly staff. Came to see the Hobbit at 10PM on a Monday night. Almost no one there 'cause it was so late on a weekday so there wasn't much to observe. Very easy end of the night for the staff. I should probably go during peak to see how they are.
Carne asada tacos. Rice & beans. Side of guacamole. Guava juice. \n\nBest lunch ever.
Over rated.  In most cases you get what you pay for except here, you pay more for average at best sushi.  The waitress had a terrible attitude and a face to match.  Yokoso is shitting on this place.  Not to mention have fun trying to find a decent parking spot on the southside.
The food is good, but they are too strict with their menu.  The portions are extremely large, and they aren't very accomodating if you want a smaller portion.  Great food if you're really hungry... Avoid it if you're not.
Beautiful venue. The ales are not my favorite though. Fortunately their machine is in place. If they start brewing smoother, hoppier IPAs and richer, bold Stouts, they could really make a big impact. They seem very popular nonetheless.
This place was awesome!  Reasonable priced, great location, kick ass pool and very few meat heads.  Next time in Vegas I will be there!
Had the most unprofessional and rude experience ever at a packaging store. Stephanie has to know her actions will not be tolerated by decent people. Wrote a detailed complaint to their management, still waiting for a response. That type of behavior has no place in a professionally run business. It's 2014 not the 1800's.
Food is good, but customer service should be just as good. Very rude, not friendly makes you feel un welcome. Don't know how he stays in business. Will tell all people I know to never go there. Vegas is full of good markets and this is not one of them.
My favorite restaurant in Scottsdale! I would do 5 stars but the wait for  a table can be a long one! Great food and great service!
This location had great accessories and I did get a few great blazers. The staff just wasn't the friendliest. However they weren't rude. Just kinda blah lol
We went there for a concert, and loved the venue. Every seat had a great view of the stage, the sound was amazing. Decently priced drinks compared to other locations in Vegas. Would go again!
Great food in Crystals for a good price.  Great service.  We had lunch there and split a salad and pizza.  The passion-fruit drink was great and husband loved his strong beer.
I found this place to be pretty annoying. It's like a TJ's in that it doesn't have the normal stuff you'd find at a huge grocer like Safeway or Albertson's, but is lacking the unique buys that makes a place like TJ's worth going too. I will try to avoid.
I love L&L! This & the one by the Galleria mall are the only one's that stuff your plate. The others are stingy. So definitely come here!
I love Emeril's restaurants, but I guess he doesn't go sports bars well.  The layout if very cool but the food is awful.  I didn't expect for this place to have apps that are cooked in a microwave.  At least buy decent frozen foods from Costco.
This is good pizza when you consider the price and that it is meant to be for quick pick up. Let's not bother comparing it to other pizza places, because that wouldn't be fair. You'll never beat the price for a pizza like this.
Best pho in Vegas but the service is slow and horrible. If you're that busy, hire more damn employees.
Very dissapointed! No comparison to the cracked egg which is right down the street. Food is bland! Nothing special about this place at all!
Typical Las Vegas Casino buffet except maybe a better price due to location. If you just want some food and are not too concerned about quality, this should do.\nI really expected a bit more.
Go here everything I go out for all you can eat. Great prices! Customer service kind of lacks, they always seem to be short staffed and always bring the wrong rolls to my table. But food is overall good.
major  rip off do not go went through it in 45 minutes waste of 30 dollars wasn't even scary big waste of money go someplace  sucks!
Jane is so right. The food and prices may be great, but who wants to eat dirt with it? I've seen someone mop the filthy snow tracked floor then put the bucket of water on the deli counter. No thanks. I'll pay a little more for sanitation. There are other Italian grocery stores close by.
Great outdoor seating to lounge, hangout with friends. Decent wines by the glass and sangria was pretty good! Got a bunch of small bites to share with the group.  Service was good as well, we will be back!
This place was very delicious. Service was great.\nThe Sarachi bowl with veggies and Mochico bowls had amazing sauces. I will definitely be coming back.
Great place to stay for fans of Frank Lloyd Weight or Art Deco Architecture. The grounds are beautiful and there are many restaurants on the campus and nearby. There are many different types of rooms with differing views and styles and prices. I've eaten at the restaurants which I've liked as well.
Good yogurt but this place is really dirty.
My experience was pretty nice. The bartender was super friendly and the beer I had was nice and cold. My hot wings were good as well. I'll return and up this accordingly.
I love this place my eyebrows looked like a movie star and they only took a few minutes. I was very pleased with my service.
I hated Sonic food in general.\n\nThe servers were nice and the food came quickly though.  Dont know what else you can expect.
Not worth the price.\nThe food was fine but we had a much better meal (food and service) at Todd English at 1/2 the price and twice the wine.
Went here looking for tank tops and place did not disappoint.  Found some really cool stuff for really cheap prices.  Definitely going here first whenever I need some new style.  Ladies that worked here were super friendly and helpful unlike most scene places this place has an awesome staff.
Go there! You'll be surprised how good the food is at Eat This! \n\nThis is also a family-owned business, which is good for Arizona. Support local businesses. Say hi to Sam, the owner, and try the Greek salad and gangster fries in new deli.
Nice and new! So far this McDonalds is off to a great start! No complaints! I will have to come back soon for another visit to see if they are keeping up the good work.
Absolutely palatial.  The rooms are ginormous.  The beds are sooooo comfy.  There is a tv in the bathroom!  The pool area is fantastic with gardens all around.
The place has seen better days. If you find yourself on a long wait at other Mexican restaurants in town and have to venture here due to your impatience, be prepared for increased prices and mediocre food. There is a reason there's no wait.
This place needs an update.  The room was akin to a motel 6 with a awkwardly placed shower / tub  The counter service staff people weren't very friendly.
It was ok but didnt meet my expectations,,,, small place,,, the girls could have been prettier,,, this seat reserved this table reserved.. Been  there done it.. No repeat
I usually love Pita Jungle. This one served us bland plate after bland plate. They are not following corporate recipes. Really, really bad.
It gets two stars because the guacamole was really good. We had a work event so I tried the Filet Mignon. Very poorly cooked. Dry and grey on the outside. Not sure if the Mexican food was any good. I would not go back even if I was staying at PH. There is better Mexican food on the Strip
Really loved my mushroom leek pizza. Flat bread style so don't expect deep dish. There tables are art pallets and art adornes the walls. I am sure I will hit up the camp 107, Dr Strangelove!
This is the worst future shop in the world! It's dirty and sloppy. They don't make an effort at all at keeping this place organized. And good luck in finding a smiling face to help you. Everybody looks miserable. I'd rather get in my car and drive to another future shop in the suburbs.
Best dinner ever.\nI took my family there for a cozy dinner and everything was on top.\nI had a prefix 3 corses menu through a travelzoo deal.  Totally worth it! \nThe food is excellent. Service is A+. Amazing views.\n\nWe will def be back.
Great special occasion place. The wood oven focaccia was so good we ordered 2 extra. Our entres were of decent portions and incredibly delicious. Service was just as incredible as the food itself. A little bit pricy, but as I said. A great special occasion place.
Mediocre food... Lito the guy serving the ice cream was not friendly. :( first visit and last visit. The warm crab legs are only for VIP members. :o(
I was so excited to hit up a buffet in Vegas, however was very disappointed by this \"best\" buffet. Maybe I'm not a buffet person; however, nothing was anywhere near remarkable, in fact only half of what I tried was pretty bad. I would not recommend this buffet.
They microwaved our dim sum in front of us. Depressing. Nothing more to stay.
Listen up! Just because the pizza restaurant people are from New York don't always expect the pizza will be good. There are plenty of awful pizza restaurants in New York. I know, I lived there most of my life. This place is just mediocre and I don't eat there any more.
great burgers!
They were great. Synthetic oil change the cheapest I've seen in town. Their alignment machine was occupied so instead of holding my car hostage and trapping me, they did the paperwork and payment for the oil change and said they'd call when it was open.
hair of the dog.  hockey tournament - before a game, get $1 margaritas and $2 vodka shots = YOUR TEAM WINS.
Not that many great deals for being an \"outlet\"
So underwhelming. I've been here a few times and have always been disappointed. Last night the service was especially lackluster. And the kitchen closed and 10, so no snacks for us later in the evening . They do make a good French Martini though.
Though expensive, this store has things that you never knew you needed. I was so happy to have such friendly and helpful service, that I will keep going back.  You can ask anything and they can help you and are make returns very easy!
Best Pho ever
Bud and his team were great. I've had two repairs done over the past few years and each one they all handled excellent. Last one involved an insurance claim I had no idea how to handle, they helped me all the way. I would absolutely recommend them, sweet and good working ppl:)
I'm still waiting for my cab from last night.
Went here this afternoon based on Yelp reviews.\n\nGot the philly steak with everything.  Are you kidding me?\n\nIt won't be in my dreams, and I won't be back.
Service was excellent.  Cocktails were creative. Beet salad delicious.  The mussels weren't as moist as we hoped. Apple bread very yummy!
Now a 24-hour cafe.
The last of the best. Highly trained in Italy for years before e has mastered his skills. Expensive but awesome!
My first time to Alma was last night and i must say the food was very different and very good.  The service was awsome and the staff was very friendly.  This place came  highly recommended by a friend and it definately lived up to the hype.  Can't wait to go back.
Great ideas for pancakes but the pancakes were stale and gross. Don't understand the reviews. I will not be returning.
I just sold another investment property with the Hill Group as my listing agents.  They were excellent.  They helped me understand exactly what to fix, what to eliminate, how to stage, and how to make the property show very well.  It was a great result and a very quick close.  Happy Happy Happy!
Took 40 minutes at check-in and we couldn't even get the fountain room we booked. So mad! We will NEVER stay here again!
I absolutely love this place! I've never had anything but spectacular customer service and they have so many yummy and guilt free choices that we make this a monthly treat (sometimes twice) for the whole family.
It was ok. Just casual dining experience for the late nighters. Service was a bit slow but that's because they had a skeleton crew and it was 4 am in the morning. Wished they served Pho around the clock though. That would've earned them another star for a total of 4.
my cappuccino was delicious. i enjoy making them at home as well as drinking them at coffee shops.  this cappuccino was as good as it gets.  these guys know what they are doing and take great care in making your drink.  also, this place has a lot of cool coffee trinkets and accessories for sale.
The employees were having a meeting in the dinning area while me and my family were trying to eat. Very unprofessional. And I ordered ground beef and got shredded beef. You guys suck never coming back
Very bland, flavorless chicken.  Tortillas are made to order, but also taste like nothing.  Website advertises the fact that all their restaurants have Cholula hot sauce available, which would have helped add some flavor to the awful meal, but there was actually none available.  Workers were not friendly.
Really good, authentic colombian food as if your grandma made it :) alot of products from Colombia that you cannot find anywhere else.. Will be visiting again soon.
I got a great French manicure there! From out of town and kind of stumbled on it. Kinda nervous to do that but was definitely satisfied. Will go back whenever I can!
Fern is a Gluten Free or Vegans dream! Amazing food and great service. I can't highly recommend this enough. Encourage all to check out this local treat. Try the GF biscuit and you won't be disappointed. Also brunch specials!
Very lovely atmosphere and nice professional service. Unbelievable bread placed on your table while waiting for your food. Great salad entree and beef dip sandwhich. Fantastic frites-really they were a highlight!!!
The food is good. Yummy. Not my favorite of Japanese restaurants. But I have been here a few times. Its decently priced.  Most of the workers are friendly. The screaming O isn't on the menu but they will make it.
I love Paragon Salon. Ashley and Melissa are terrific and I've seen some great \"do's\" from others as well. The receptionist is one of the most helpful of any salon I've visited. Go to the store next door and browse while your color is cooking.
Fantastic Food, Fantastic Service, Fantastic Value!  Friendly staff, authentic food, budget friendly prices.
What's up FU!?  This place is located in the HRH and easy to get to.  It's just a little pricey - when compared to ChinaTown restaurants.  If you're a little drunk and in a need for a quick fix, this is the place to be.  Give them a try.
Absolutely love this nail salon! Everyone there was so nice and welcoming. This salon is definitely going to be a place that I will be going to more often.
Small mid-century furniture store, conveniently located next to similar stores Modern Manor and Melrose Market.  Some exceptional pieces, I thought the prices were a little high though.
I'm not a fan of wings or fried food, it was the only place open at 9:30 on a Sunday night, I got a salad, it was nothing special, most everything they serve is food-service that they just throw in a deep fryer. Not my type of restaurant, but for a divey sports bar is okay.
Annoying that their phone rang for twenty minutes and the restaurant seemed to be understaffed, but tasty milk tea and musaman curry/phad Thai! Will go again.
It took 12 min 4 them to take our order. Asked 4 water never was brought & it took 23 min to get our check.
Dr Kozi is very respectful and skilled . Have used him a few times now and recommend him highly. The facilities are first class and the staff is very accommodating.
Many of my neighbors rave about this joint. The only thing I can write is that is convenient to Highland Creek. I know pizza. I have been in NYC. I have eat at good pizza places. Trust me, just another notch from your local places.
This is a cool concept but doesn't work well. Good movie theater but the food aspect is slightly annoying. Having servers walking around during movies is distracting but it's nice to have a beer during your movie. If you get the groupon 5 buck ticket it's totally worth it.
The staff is much better! The food is served in an appropriate time. I'm glad that I have it another shot.
great food, great environment, service sometime little slow...went many time still one of the favorite
Place was good. Very friendly owners. Menu was good if you're looking to stay with a familiar territory. I could defintely tell this was a place many regulars go. We found John to be a very nice guy.
Great tasting and well priced lunch bowl specials!!
went to this store while i was at the mall, noticed they sell illegal baby turtles .. nuff said
This place is alright! Not really fond of this Resturant but I'll still eat at this chain establishment. Don't really have any complaints.
It was okay.  Not really worth the price.
This place has been around forever.  We've used them for funerals and they have always been great.  It's normally reasonably priced. \n\nBeware if ordering from abroad...the flowers are not fresh...lasting maybe two days.  \n\nThe last few orders have been disappointing...
When is SBX going to have a line for those of us wanting COFFEE and not the calorie -ladden fraps that everyone likes to CALL coffee? Express Service NOW!
Despite what people say, this place does not even come close to Schwartz's across the street. I will stand in line with the \"tourists\" to get the real deal anytime.
After three years, went back to Postrio with my brother and s-i-l. It was just as good as last time. The caesar salad is my absolute favorite. Our dinners were superb. The prices are very reasonable for Vegas. All in all a wonderful experience. We'll be back.
American TV is now out of business. Is it wrong to dance on their grave? A couple years ago they sold me a glider chair which was preposterously fragile. They wouldn't return it and I was an unsatisfied customer. I never returned. Apparently I wasn't the only one.
Pretty decent food, spotty service. I won't return, there are much better Mongolian places around.
Great dinner.  The hamburgers and french fries were great.  People in our group also tried meatloaf and french onion soup.  Everyone really liked what they ordered.  The ambiance is very cool and interesting.  Our server was excellent.  It was a very good experience and we will definitely return.
Food is good, service is good. BUT too much rice on their rolls!!!! I have to take off half of the rice!
Decent service but extremely slow when there's a few customers. Good food at a good price would definitely recommend the cheesy bacon pretzel dog.
Good price. Wide range of workout equipment. An okay amount of classes. Just wish the classes were more up beat and exciting! They should add some cool lights and turn up the music so we can have fun and enjoy it. It gets a little boring sometimes.
Absolutely delicious. Best food in Vegas!!! EVERYTHING we had was delicious. There were six people on our group and ALL of us were very happy with the food and service. Every dish was perfect.
Fish and chips was very bland. I like to have a little bit of flavor aside from the sauce that I put on but this fish didn't have it. It seemed fresh, just lacking. The fries were disappointing too. Probably won't be back.
Very Friendly Staff. Food was good, a little overpriced. Had a burger and my friend had the pimento grilled cheese sandwich. Yummy pastries.
Great place!! The protein roll and hot mess were really special and my favorite ones!!! We also had the 2 chef platter: with rice and the sashimi version. with rice was nicer but nothing too extraordinary and  far from the first 2. Great service also and reasonable price for the food quality and overall experience
Bleck!  Chips that taste funky, like the oil is rancid.  Salsa, Macayo's used to have awesome salsa, but now it seems water-downed.  This place looks like it needs a power-washer and a deep clean.  And the food was meh and really not very good.
I am with Gabi:) I have been a member here for 10 years.  This is a family gym with lots of activities for all ages, shapes and fitness levels.  The staff is exceptional and very friendly.  This is more like a resort than a gym...
Wicked Spoon is bomb diggity! Selection is not as wide as some other Vegas buffets, but what they have is delish! Minus 1 star only because the seafood dept is severely lacking and I am a huge seafood fan. Desserts are on point! I prefer Wicked Spoon over Bacchanal.
love the chicken Pad Thai lunch special. liked old location better but still good food.
I had the Gnocchi in Shitake Dijon Cream Sauce, and it was unreal.  Cute little place.  I didn't sit to eat so I can't comment on the service, but they were extremely amicable when I ordered my take out.
These people don't know the Gun Laws.  Unprofessional Business.
Saturday night...45 minutes later...no food!  Poor service!
37 Broughton, EH1 3JU. Full-range organic grocer. Stock up on some mineral water, dried apricots, salted hazelnuts, and a cartoon of fresh raspberries before your climb to Arthur's Seat.\n\nEmily Rose Reeder
Wow! Finally GOOD Chinese in AZ! Well...my first good place any how! I ordered the Thai Volcano Beef and it was delicious!!! Taste bud explosion! Small little restaurant with friendly staff, I will be coming back! And they deliver! Must try if you are in the area!
The food was ok. I thought it was expensive for lunch $8. I'd rather drive mile down the road and pay $2-3 less and have the same quality.
Very cute, well stocked store. The staff was very friendly and helpful. \n\nIt's a great place to hit up if you love Hello Kitty or any Japanese merch.
Waited at the pool for 30 minutes before being served. Comfortable beds. Live band at night. I didn't pick this hoyel , randomly it was selected. It was OK for the price.
The regional manager for Sammy's Woodfire Pizza contacted me based upon the unpleasant experience I had. I can proudly say she went out of her way to correct the problems that occurred and make it up to me. I was really impressed at the dedication to improving the customer experience. It is rare to see that these days, thank you!!
The biggest mistake I made this year. For starters the staff was rude and displayed poor customer service. The ride is mediocre, I would rather buy a timeshare in Louisville, Kentucky that pay to ride the \"High Roller\" again. Don't do it !!!!!
Well stocked, but they didn't have the Vicks infused tissues the wife has come to love. My favorite item is the Bowel Buddy biscuits.
Decent for a strip-mall type of restaurant I suppose.  Nothing amazing.  Our waitress seemed annoyed at my grandmas questions about the menu.  She's old, give her a break!
