The City watchdog today played down reports that it had concerns about Abbey National suitor Banco Santander Central Hispano. The Financial Services Authority confirmed 
Bernard Hopkins, the blue collar champion from the streets of Philadelphia, demolished Oscar De La Hoya, the long-time American golden boy, with a clinical left hook to the liver in 
Millions of Indonesians vote Monday in an historic run-off presidential election amid doubts whoever is elected will solve the country #39;s chronic problems.
Uganda says its army has killed at least 25 fighters from the Lord #39;s Resistance Army (LRA) in an operation to capture rebel leader Joseph Kony.
AT least 17 Muslim pilgrims died and 38 others were injured when a bus in which they were travelling plummeted into a deep ravine in eastern Pakistan, police said today.
AP - Bart Bryant won his first PGA Tour event Sunday, closing with a 3-under 67 for a three-stroke victory over Patrick Sheehan at the Texas Open.
The chairman of a UN conference on climate change warns that poor countries need urgent help to stave off the effects of global warming.
Microsoft is looking for additional European-based firms to file challenges against the European Union #39;s US\$600 million ruling against the software giant.
Iraq #39;s interim prime minister declared Sunday that January elections would be held on schedule and asserted that American and Iraqi government troops were winning the war against an increasingly bold insurgency.
The game business has come to rely on sequels, even more so than Hollywood. While thats good news for their revenues, its bad for the independent developers who built the industry.
Microsoft to Share Software Code Microsoft plans to announce that it will give dozens of governments and international agencies access to the programming code in its Office desktop software.
A recent flood of fake Citibank e-mail messages demonstrates the growing arsenal of tricks used by online "phishers."
AP - Jets Pro Bowl center Kevin Mawae broke his right hand in Sunday's 34-28 win against the San Diego Chargers.
AP - Senators from both parties urged the Bush administration on Sunday to make a realistic assessment of the situation in Iraq and adjust its policies aimed at pacifying the country.
As the first criminal trial stemming from the financial deals at Enron opens, it will be notable as much for who is not among the six defendants as who is.
J.P. Sniezek makes the first catch of his career, a 39-yard completion, and then boots a field goal to lift Gonzaga over Georgetown Prep.
AP - Microsoft Corp. is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available.
AP - Hee-Won Han made a 4-foot birdie putt on the first playoff hole to beat Lorie Kane and win the Safeway Classic on Sunday.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Next weekend's inaugural Chinese Grand  Prix could be the most significant race in the history of  Formula One.
F the Red Sox thought they could come into Yankee Stadium and change the direction of the American League East race, they have another thought coming.
MPs have announced a new inquiry into family courts and whether parents are treated fairly over issues such as custody or contact with their children.
Hu Jintao became China #39;s undisputed leader yesterday as the world #39;s most populous nation completed its first orderly transfer of power in the communist era.
Guangdong police have started accepting permanent residence applications from foreigners, Shenzhen Daily reported on Monday. The provincial public security department had issued 
Oprah Winfrey #39;s now-famous Pontiac giveaway last Monday spiked traffic to her Web site - and also drove viewers to Pontiac #39;s online site.
The World #39;s leading portal website Yahoo.com will blaze its trial in the digital music market launching an online music service by the end of this year.
Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer led the praise for his  quot;tremendous quot; Europe team after their crushing 18-9 defeat of the USA at Oakland Hills.
Negotiations to restore Northern Irelands power-sharing administration appear have ended without producing a deal, it was claimed today.
More than 100 students and teachers have been adducted in Nepal, reported China Radio International Monday morning. Reports said suspected rebels kidnapped 49 students from 
Australia, expecting record earnings from commodity exports this fiscal year, increased its forecast a second time as soaring oil prices boost energy sales 38 percent.
Marat Safin of Russia smiles at the awarding ceremony during the finals of the China Open tennis tournament in Beijing September 19, 2004.
New Zealand #39;s High Court on Monday rejected a proposed alliance between the country #39;s flag carrier and Australian rival airline Qantas.
The world #39;s only captive great white shark made history this week when she ate several salmon fillets, marking the first time that a white shark in captivity 
Chelsea missed the chance to go level on points with Arsenal at the top of English soccer #39;s Premiership by drawing 0-0 at home with Tottenham.
When the Giants #39; defensive players walked off the field after the Washington Redskins embarrassed them with an easy touchdown drive in the first quarter Sunday 
AP - Saints running back Deuce McAllister lasted just a handful of plays before spraining his right ankle against San Francisco, one of several prominent players who got hurt Sunday.
World number one Vijay Singh, golf #39;s hottest player over the last 18 months, was named the 2004 PGA Tour player of the year yesterday.
A Catholic priest accused of participating in Rwanda's genocide will go on trial at the UN war crimes court.
The military command in charge of training Iraqi forces has fewer than half of its permanent headquarters personnel in place.
China's president, Hu Jintao, replaced Jiang Zemin as the country's military chief to complete the first orderly transfer of power in Communist Party history.
Ralph Friedgen continues to stand behind quarterback Joel Statham despite his three first-half interceptions in Maryland's 19-16 overtime loss at West Virginia on Saturday.
eonard Robinson, who put in 30 years as a mechanic at Pan American World Airways, has a message for his counterparts at US Airways, Delta, United and other struggling airlines pressing 
As many times as the Dallas Cowboys hurt themselves with penalties, turnovers and missed opportunities, the Cleveland Browns somehow outdid them.
In a move to retain employees, PeopleSoft quadruples the size of the minimum severance package for employees.
Nearly an hour after knocking out Oscar De La Hoya in the ninth round Saturday night in the MGM Grand Garden Arena, undisputed middleweight champion Bernard Hopkins 
An Internet company has agreed to forgive \$17 million in customers' bills as part of an agreement with the government, the Federal Trade Commission announced Monday.
The biggest attraction for customers, said IDC analyst Alex Slawsby, is that RIM has provided QWERTY text-input capabilities in the Blackberry 7100t device.
In the hidden ravines and forbidding, dust-colored mountains of a remote border region near Afghanistan, about 25,000 Pakistani troops are battling hundreds 
They gathered under the pink walls of the Royal Oak Inn, then marched here to this gentle vale to claim their slice of new freedom.
AP - Colin Montgomerie looked out of place only once Sunday at the Ryder Cup. During the closing ceremonies, he walked self-consciously onto the stage without a female companion.
A cannabis-like chemical may be important for normal pregnancy, researchers believe.
Trying to head off growing competition from open-source rivals, Microsoft is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints.
People who own something valuable, like a house, want to protect themselves against financial loss. Natural disasters like fire, storms or flooding can damage or destroy valuable possessions.
LAS VEGAS - Bernard Hopkins, the 39-year-old boxing rebel without pause, not only continues to defy age but conventional fistic logic.
A videotape posted on a website linked to Iraqi militants shows the beheading of three hostages believed to be members of the Kurdistan Democratic party.
China Power International Development Ltd., a unit of China #39;s fifth-biggest electricity generator, plans to raise as much as HK\$2.
NEW YORK - Sony Corp has conceded to demands from its consortium partners to reduce fees it would get from managing Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc.
Jiang, whose term was to have run until 2007, resigned at a meeting of the ruling Communist Partys Central Committee that ended yesterday.
Singapore has issued another warning about terrorists #39; intentions to attack soft targets in the city-state following the deadly bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta, reports said today.
The remnants of Hurricane Ivan set off a two-mile-long mudslide that left at least three dead and a North Carolina community devastated.
AP - 1902  #151; Chicago's Jim Callaghan tossed the White Sox's first no-hitter, beating Detroit 2-0.
Qantas Airways chief executive Geoff Dixon today said it was time for the airline to move on now its proposed alliance with Air New Zealand had been rejected by the New Zealand High Court.
The spike in oil prices in recent months is stoking heated arguments between market players, who blame each other for the lack of production capacities that has been exposed by strong global demand.
Consumer goods companies #39; top tech projects have often served as harbingers of the next wave of must-have technologies. Enterprise-resource-planning and customer-relationship 
Pakistan go into the last four of the ICC Champions Trophy after holding their nerve against Asian arch-rivals India at Edgbaston.
Indonesians cast their ballots today in the country #39;s first democratic presidential election. The vote will cap months of polls and finally consign decades of dictatorship to history.
AUCKLAND: National flag carrier Air New Zealand said it had lost a court bid to win approval for an alliance with its Australian competitor Qantas.
A9.com Inc., a subsidiary of Amazon.com Inc., last week launched a search site that will compete with Google, Microsoft, and Yahoo.
Less than two weeks after US District Judge Vaughn Walker gave Oracle an important victory over the Justice Department, PeopleSoft Inc.
Germany #39;s mainstream political parties were sharply rebuffed yesterday when voters in two regional elections in formerly communist East Germany handed extremists their best results in years.
AP - America Online announced the launch of an online shopping site it says will provide and easy and fast way to compare products from thousands of online merchants.
The New England Patriots wins their 17th game in a row on Sunday, 23-12, over the Arizona Cardinals, but the day belonged to a fallen American patriot.
The Cowboys needed two things to avert an 0-2 start against the Browns on Sunday: defensive grit and the coaching of Bill Parcells.
HSH Nordbank was pursuing legal proceedings against Barclays to recoup losses on investments, a spokesperson for the German state-owned bank said yesterday.
A bomb exploded under a police car at a pop concert Sunday in southern Turkey, injuring at least 14 people, the prime minister #39;s office said.
Releases beta software to protect company networks used by outside contractors and telecommuters.
After three postponements, the first criminal trial involving former energy giant Enron Corp. is finally scheduled to begin today in federal court in Houston.
Bryant closed out the Texas Open with a 3-under 67 Sunday to claim his first PGA Tour victory by three strokes against Patrick Sheehan.
Cincinnati, OH -- Shayne Graham booted a 39-yard field goal with two seconds left, leading the Cincinnati Bengals to a 16-13 victory over the Miami Dolphins.
Do you have a compelling search marketing success story? Here's an opportunity to tell your story at the upcoming Search Engine Strategies conference in Stockholm. 
Qantas has decided that it will not appeal against a New Zealand High Court decision stopping it from forming an alliance with Air New Zealand.
A criminal trial scheduled to start Monday involving former Enron Corp. executives may shine a rare and potentially harsh spotlight on the inner workings 
Barclays Capital, the investment banking arm of the UK banking giant, is being sued over claims it failed to properly manage a portfolio of bonds.
Until the closing minutes, Carson Palmer and AJ Feeley played like rookies, letting a ragged game come down to one play. Chad Johnson made it.
Players to watch: Steve McNair has completed 67.3 percent of his passes with five TD passes and zero interceptions in four starts vs.
An Iraqi group linked to al-Qaeda threatened to kill three Western hostages within 48 hours unless Iraqi women prisoners are freed.
SINGAPORE intends to promote Islamic banking products to expand its reputation as a financial hub, and will collaborate with countries such as Malaysia and Brunei in this area.
Suspected Maoist rebels have abducted more than 100 students and teachers from three schools in western and eastern districts of Nepal over the weekend, media reports said on Sunday.
Ziff Davis - In an eWEEK interview, the Sun exec says he sees Solaris, Linux, Java and even Windows coexisting.
Ziff Davis - PeopleSoft continues on the upgrade path despite the threat of a takeover by Oracle.
Ricardo Powell lasted just ten balls yesterday at London #39;s Brit Oval and his name will not figure among the inning #39;s top scorers.
WHY IT HAPPENED Tom Coughlin won his first game as Giants coach and immediately announced a fine amnesty for all Giants. Just kidding.
Not even the Chicago Bears, the Green Bay Packers #39; favorite rented mule, red-headed stepchild, and whipping boy rolled into one.
BBC, London, September 19: The wife of an American taken hostage with two others in Baghdad has appealed on television for their release.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has admitted failings on the part of Russian Security Services. This, following last week #39;s school hostage crisis in the southern Russian town of Beslan.
Taiwan first lady Wu Shu-hen (  ) has demonstrated outstanding strength in the past few days in standing up to protect the nation #39;s dignity and integrity.
Manmohan Singh kicks off his eight-day foreign trip with a meeting with Tony Blair in London.
There was no mystery ... no secret strategy ... no baited trap that snapped shut and changed the course of history #39;s most lucrative non-heavyweight fight.
Kurt Busch claimed a stake in the points lead in the NASCAR Chase for the Nextel Cup yesterday, winning the Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway.
New Zealand's High Court halts attempts by Qantas and Air New Zealand to work together against low-cost carriers.
MCI, the troubled telecommunications company, has quietly begun shopping itself to potential buyers, executives involved in the sale process said.
Long given up for dead (or dying), Sun is turning its own business on its head by offering to integrate many different systems.
A survey of Internet vulnerabilities shows a sharp jump in attacks on Windows-based personal computers and a marked increase in commercially motivated threats.
eMusic is launching a revamped music download service that carries only music from independent labels.
Q: I know you recommend index funds over most other mutual funds. But there #39;s no index fund available in my 401(k) plan. What can I do?
In the end Sunday, there was no chance. Just time enough for a last stand at the Ryder Cup that was often determined, occasionally loud, but completely futile.
The New York Yankees battered Pedro Martinez, chasing Boston out of town with their second rout in a row. Gary Sheffield, Derek Jeter and Jorge Posada 
NEW ORLEANS - The New Orleans Saints dodged a hurricane and the San Francisco 49ers and survived the loss of their biggest offensive weapon - Deuce McAllister.
Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Sunday elections would be held on schedule in January despite a surge in violence and more than a score of hostages under threat of death from insurgents.
Washington investors have just two more days to exorcise their investment in US Airways before shares of the Arlington airline are exiled to the land of the living dead.
Oil giant Yukos says it is halting two-thirds of its 150,000 barrel a day exports to China because of its financial troubles.
Oil giant Yukos is halting two-thirds of its exports to China because of its financial troubles, a move which could raise oil prices.
Ethnic Ingush in Kartsa, Russia, wait in fear for possible reprisals after the mass killings in Beslan.
SYDNEY: Qantas Airways Ltd today it would not appeal a New Zealand court decision that knocked back a proposed alliance with Air New Zealand Ltd.
Men have always slept around and new research suggests primitive man traveled far from home to do it. Scientists have been looking into ancient sexual dalliances and human migration patterns by virtue of the 
Roger Clemens could scarcely contain his glee, practically skipping off the mound and pumping his fist after his final strikeout of the night.
The dollar rose against the yen and the euro in London on expectations the Federal Reserve will lift interest rates tomorrow and signal it plans further increases.
Prosecutors have widened a probe into Hynix Semiconductor on suspicion of illegally channeling funds to several of its affiliates via rigging of its accounting books in 1999.
America Online, the world #39;s largest Internet service provider on Monday launched an overhauled online shopping center it hopes will help it keep pace with competitive offerings by Yahoo Inc.
Microsoft Corp., the world #39;s biggest software company, said it will make the source code for its Office 2003 software available as part of a government security program.
LAS VEGAS  Bernard Hopkins #39; future seems certain, full of big fights and bigger paydays. The future is less clear for Oscar De La Hoya.
Bryant closed out the Texas Open with a 3-under 67 on Sunday to claim his first PGA Tour victory by 3 strokes over Patrick Sheehan.
Some of Northern Ireland #39;s political leaders are to brief party members after talks to restore devolved government ended without a deal.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and American President George W Bush will discuss a wide range of bilateral and international issues, including the need for the world community 
France launches an inquiry  into how airport police lost plastic explosives they hid in a passenger's luggage.
Australian prime minister John Howard proposes an anti-terror force which could be deployed elsewhere in Asia.
Ok, so most consumer prices barely budged in August. Inflation is far from a threat now. And things, especially in Michigan, aren #39;t exactly smoking.
Senators from both major US political parties urged the Bush administration to face the reality of the situation in Iraq and change its occupation policies.
Hurricane Ivan may cost insurers less than first estimated after the third storm to hit the United States in six weeks skirted New Orleans.
They suffered through a rough start against Baltimore in the season opener a week ago, but because they hung in there and just kept grinding away, things gradually 
Swindlers combine spam with hoax sites to try to rip off your personal data.
That #39;s the hardest part of cleaning a room at the Renaissance Mayflower hotel in downtown Washington, where she is a housekeeper, so she does it first.
A ROCKET fired by Palestinian militants from the Gaza Strip landed in the southern Israeli town of Sderot today but did not cause any injuries, military sources said.
California, in an act of rebellion against the White House, may be on the verge of spending \$300 million a year in each of the next 10 years on stem cell research.
Following are tables showing the provisional final results of yesterday #39;s regional elections in the eastern German states of Saxony and Brandenburg.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has recently said the double standards in dealing with terrorism are  quot;disastrous for global security  quot; and  quot;the indulgent and 
Cuba releases a journalist jailed in a dissident crackdown, the seventh prisoner freed in a week.
Tens of thousands of Windows PCs are being hijacked daily to spread spam and viruses, a study shows.
Samsung says a glut of semiconductors on the market will bring prices down and slow growth in 2005.
Tomorrow #39;s US Federal Reserve meeting will likely dominate markets this week as investors look for clues about economic strength and the pace of interest rate hikes.
Asian stocks rose after comments by Vice Premier Huang Ju increased optimism that China won #39;t adopt new measures to slow economic growth.
US stock-index futures were little changed. Dow Jones Industrial Average shares including General Electric Co. slipped in Europe. Citigroup Inc.
Shares in Unilever fall after the Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant issued a surprise profits warning.
It may soon be possible to take medication in a gel form rather than having to swallow a tablet.
Energy-poor South Korea is expected to raise its energy independency as the government has agreed to join oil field and uranium development projects in Kazakhstan.
com September 17, 2004, 9:32 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Prosecutors have charged 11 people in California, Texas and Washington state with conspiring to distribute more than \$30 million of counterfeit computer software and products.
Yahoo! is planning to launch its own online music service later this year, despite its \$160m purchase of Musicmatch announced this week, according to music industry sources.
At least 50 people have died and 150 are missing in Haiti after tropical storm Jeanne swept across the island of Hispaniola, a UN spokesman says .
Taiwan #39;s shares ended higher Monday, with traditional stocks gaining following the transfer of military leadership in rival China to its president, Hu Jintao, analysts said.
The Foreign Office has appealed on Al Arabiya television for any information from Iraqis on Kenneth Bigley, a British engineer taken hostage with two Americans last week.
Unions hold emergency meetings with workers at Jaguar's doomed Browns Lane plant in Coventry to fight closure plans.
Food and consumer goods giant Unilever has shocked investors by reining in expectations for full-year profit growth to under five percent due to stiff competitor pressure and poor weather.
Two-thirds of banks around the world have reported an increase in the volume of suspicious activities they report to police, a report by KPMG suggests.
A criminal trial scheduled to start today involving former Enron execs could shine a rare and potentially harsh spotlight on the inner workings of the investment banking business on Wall Street.
A survey of Internet vulnerabilities to be released Monday shows a sharp jump in attacks on Windows-based personal computers during the first six months of 2004, along 
A new virus outbreak emerged on Thursday that packs a baffling message: a photograph of accused German virus author Sven Jaschan that security officials believe to be 
Hurricanes Charley, Frances and Ivan have cost NASA a least a week #39;s worth of work and upset its tight schedule for resuming shuttle flights, throwing into doubt the 
SEOUL: South Korean prosecutors said that Hynix Semiconductor is being investigated in connection with an alleged accounting fraud involving 1.7 billion dollars.
If you #39;re looking for a reason the favored United States team lost for the seventh time in the past 10 Ryder Cup Matches, look at the reason the Americans were favored.
Barring a last minute change of heart, Jose Antonio Camacho will quit as Real Madrid coach on Monday four months after starting the job.
Germany faced a surge of far-right parties in eastern state elections, worrying about their rise and the ensuing damage to the country #39;s image.
AFP - Microsoft Corporation said it would share the source code of its Microsoft Office desktop software with more than 60 governments, including China and Russia.
Maternity leave could be extended to twelve months, as part of plans being considered by Labour, newspaper reports suggest.
Spending by banks and financial institutions on defending themselves against money laundering is soaring, a survey finds.
The UN says Bangladeshi children and women face acute malnutrition after the worst floods for years.
Adaptability and aggression will be the keys to the Spaniard's weekend at the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix. Find out why...
Russian oil giant Yukos has decided to halt two-thirds of its oil exports to China, raising the stakes in its yearlong legal battle with the authorities.
US stock-index futures declined. Dow Jones Industrial Average shares including General Electric Co. slipped in Europe. Citigroup Inc.
Prince Harry has made a return visit to Lesotho to visit the child rape victim whose horrific ordeal touched the world. The young prince has pledged to help her.
MONTREAL - Montreal mayor Grald Tremblay is back from Toronto with a renewed vigour to improve his city #39;s aging infrastructure system.
Jerry Rice of the Oakland Raiders failed to catch a pass for the first time in 274 games, ending the longest streak in NFL history.
After watching eBay siphon off their classified advertising revenue, newspapers are turning to an outsourced auction firm, CityXpress, to fight back. By Daniel Terdiman
A new technology under development in Australia -- geneballs -- may be used to quickly and easily tell you your genetic makeup. By Daith  hAnluain.
Within a year, officials plan to move all weapons-grade nuclear material from Los Alamos National Laboratory to the Nevada Test Site. The transfer will begin this month.
Levels of mortgage lending were at their weakest in two years during August, providing further evidence that the UK housing boom is over.
Got winners? Got losers? Now's the time to consider matching them up to save a tax dollar or two.
 quot;The price performance in China remains stable on the whole, quot; said Governor of the People #39;s Bank of China Zhou Xiaochuan on Sunday.
Nokia has bowed out of the ringtone market following poor sales from its Club Nokia website. Its exit should also smooth relationships with mobile network operators which think that their hardware providers 
demands from the UN atomic-watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment, a technology that can be used for nuclear weapons.
AP - The State Department reminded Americans Friday of the dangers of traveling in Iraq, a day after two American construction workers were kidnapped from their home in Baghdad.
Anglo-Irish oil company Aminex signs a 20-year agreement to develop North Korea's oil industry.
The latest snapshot shows an economy that has returned to a moderate economic expansion of about 3 percent. At this pace, the economy is not growing fast enough to create large numbers of jobs 
LONDON (CBS.MW) - Growth in global chip sales is likely to halve in 2005, Samsung Electronics said on Monday, according to reports.
A group of small telephone companies said Thursday it #39;s worried that state regulators next week will allow telecommunications giant SBC Communications Inc.
Security-conscious IT managers stand to gain a promising new option today, as a novel tool from software virtualisation pioneer VMware enters beta testing.
Dozens have died in Haiti as a result of floods accompanying a tropical storm which swept through the Caribbean island of Hispaniola.
Leaders of al-Qaida and the Taliban have held a series of meetings in Pakistan to discuss how to disrupt Afghanistan #39;s upcoming elections, the US military said Monday.
Germany woke up to fears that the political tremors sparked by state elections in Saxony and Brandenburg on Sunday could lead to deeper division within their country and scare off investors.
A senior Sunni cleric was kidnapped and killed in the Shiite slum of Sadr City in Baghdad, said a spokesman for the Committee of the Muslim Scholars on Monday.
Taiwan's President Chen Shui-bian says China's leadership changes are  unlikely to signal a big policy shift.
A Briton has been arrested in connection with the theft of computer code for key net hardware.
A US army deserter seeks refugee status to stay in Canada, arguing the US-led war in Iraq is illegal.
AP - A grenade may have caused a blast under a police car that injured more than a dozen people in southern Turkey, officials said Monday.
AP - Toronto New York Yankees (7:05 p.m. EDT). Javier Vazquez goes for his 15th win for the AL East-leading Yankees.
Shares in Italian carrier Alitalia surge as it finalises a deal with unions which will keep it in the air.
You share a pepperoni pizza. You even share a Nobel Peace Prize. You do not share the NFL MVP Award.
BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- Four out of five is a bit more than a trend, wouldn't you say?
Shares in Unilever fall after the Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant issues a surprise profits warning.
OAO YUKOS oil company has temporally stopped crude oil railway deliveries to Chinese CNPC following the problems with the settlement of railway tariff rates and exports duties.
Search any fee-based digital music service for the best-loved musical artists of the 20th century and most of the expected names show up.
Hacker web sites are claiming to have posted proof-of-concept exploit code for the latest critical Microsoft Corp software vulnerability, which is sometimes a precursor to broader attacks using a worm.
OAKLAND -- -- Having lost a measure of his hard-earned identity, Jerry Rice resorted to one of the oldest tricks in the book of vanity.
Barry Bonds had better watch out. JT Snow seems to have designs on the slugger #39;s spot in the San Francisco Giants #39; lineup.
BANGALORE, India: India was set to launch its first satellite to be used exclusively for education which will connect classrooms in remote parts of the country, the space agency said.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman William Donaldson criticized the ethical leadership and the pay of US corporate bosses in an interview published Monday.
Bernhard Langer is not ruling out staying on as Europe's Ryder Cup captain for the 2006 event in Ireland.
World leaders prepare to meet at the UN in New York to discuss ways of alleviating hunger and poverty.
MARK COLVIN: After two years of legal battles, it now seems the alliance deal between Air New Zealand and Qantas is well and truly grounded.
Mutual funds aren #39;t just popular with the masses. They #39;re also investments of choice among the people who oversee the nation #39;s economy.
FORMER chairman of frozen food supermarket chain Iceland, Malcolm Walker, is being linked to a possible buy- back of the business, now trading as part of the Big Food Group.
Bernard Hopkins came into the ring to a recording of one of Frank Sinatras epic songs. Fighting his usual tactical fight, Hopkins allowed Oscar De La Hoya to dominate the first 
A grenade may have caused a blast under a police car that injured more than a dozen people in southern Turkey, officials said Monday.
In Sri Lanka, angry demonstrators outside the Norwegian Embassy on Monday placed a coffin with the dead body of a Tamil politician outside the Norwegian Embassy.
Worried about radio-frequency radiation, Fairfax parents urge school board to ban placement of antenna poles near campuses.
After Oracle's court victory, customers will look for reassurance at what could be PeopleSoft's last annual user conference.
As the chipmaker plows profits into research, it's hoping for good things from a new design team in Massachusetts.
Tiger Woods insisted defeat in the Ryder Cup hurt following questions over his commitment to the event. The American won just two points in the 18-9 loss to Europe.
The serene world of higher education looks distinctly different when viewed from Capitol Hill.
Cellphones that can take and display digital photographs have become enough of a market force to attract major attention from a company long synonymous with photography: Eastman Kodak Co.
Poverty can be quite educational. When you've got only so much money to spend, you'll think carefully about the goods you're buying.
The deadline set by  hostage-takers holding a Briton in Iraq has passed without any further word from them.
America Online Inc. (AOL) is launching a program Monday to promote and facilitate the creation of what it calls AIM Robots for its AIM instant messaging system.
Asian stock markets closed mixed Monday, with the key indexes dipping both in Hong Kong and Singapore. Japanese financial markets were closed for a national holiday.
Shares in Alitalia are soaring as the board of the Italian carrier prepares to approve a rescue plan that will cut jobs and slash wages in an effort to avoid collapse.
Nell Minow has never been afraid to confront the power brokers in corporate America, first as a fund manager and more recently as a watchdog waving red flags about excessive executive pay, questionable 
Virus writer Sven Jaschan, who claimed responsibility for the Sasser and Netsky worms, has been given a job at an internet security company.
Reuters - Colgate-Palmolive Co.  on Monday\warned that second-half earnings will fall well short of Wall\Street forecasts due to higher marketing spending.
AIR New Zealand today claimed it faced an uncertain future after the countrys High Court threw out plans for a tie-up with Qantas, its Australian-based rival.
TORONTO (CP) - Early indicators were mostly negative Monday for North American stock markets as crude oil prices rose and investors braced for another US interest rate increase.
THE fight against money laundering is costing banks and other financial institutions dear as they invest heavily in technology to combat crime, according to a survey by KPMG.
Iraq #39;s interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi has warned that  quot;terrorists quot; are flooding into his country from across the Muslim world.
PeopleSoft Inc. will kick off its Connect user show on Tuesday determined to focus attendees #39; attention on its progress in the past year and product plans for the coming one 
Tech-savvy criminals increasingly are using large networks of computers to spread viruses, send spam and steal sensitive information, according to a new Internet threat report scheduled to be released today.
The gains made by parties of the extreme right and left in elections in two eastern German states on Sunday spark much negative comment in regional and national papers.
Unilever PLC, the Anglo-Dutch consumer products giant, reduced its outlook for the year on Monday, citing poor weather, weak consumer confidence in Europe and tough competition in Asia.
VMware Inc., known for its virtual machine technology for servers and workstations, is turning its attention to the client space. The Palo Alto, Calif.
Facing growing competition from open source software providers, Microsoft has decided to allow governments and international organizations access to source code for its Office 2003 productivity suite.
Clashes between Sudanese army and rebel forces in Darfur are stopping aid agencies assessing the needs of some of the more than one million displaced people there, the United Nations says.
LEOBEN, Austria A man whose apparent attempt to kill himself using a cobra was thwarted by Austrian police is in critical condition.
 The maker of Colgate toothpaste and Irish Spring soap  warned that earnings for the second half of the year will fall  short of earlier forecasts due to high marketing costs.
Bangladesh reports a 28 jump in exports in July, boosted by strong demand in Europe for clothing and other textiles.
Two soldiers of the US-led coalition have been killed in a gun battle in south-eastern Afghanistan, the US military says.
I_Love_Pocky! writes  quot;According to this article, Microsoft is going to give its source code for Office 2003 to more than 30 different world governements.
the Financial Times and Sony Ericsson announce a new mobile service that allows consumers to read up-to-date global business and financial news, comment and analysis from FT.
Loudon, NH --- The 10 contenders were worried about some wild Sunday driver messing up the chase for the Nextel Cup championship, and then Robby Gordon came crashing in.
LONDON - The British government and the brother of a British hostage have taken to Arab-language airwaves in an attempt to have him released from his captors in Iraq.
Microsoft Corp. is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available.
America Online announced the launch of an online shopping site it says will provide an easy and fast way to compare products from thousands of online merchants.
As millions buy increasingly powerful cell phones, many companies are racing to develop video games to take advantage of the newfound portability.
AP - Two U.S. soldiers were killed Monday in a firefight with insurgents in a troubled southeastern Afghan province, the American military said.
Facing growing competition from open source software providers, Microsoft Corp. has decided to allow governments and international organizations access to source code for its Office 2003 productivity suite.
Software giant hopes to convince governments that its products are secure.
The last six stages of the Tour of Spain are set for sparks to fly in the battle for the final triumph in Madrid next Sunday. Roberto Heras leads by only 
Lennar Corp., the No. 3 US homebuilder by stock market value, said fiscal third-quarter profit rose 12 percent, higher than analysts estimated.
Jose Antonio Camacho might quit as Real Madrid coach on Monday after offering his resignation to clubpresident Florentino Perez, Spanish media reported.
Reuters - Nike Inc. , the world's\largest athletic shoe company, on Monday reported higher\quarterly profit on strong demand for its namesake products in\the United States.
LONDON, England -- Unions at Jaguar are considering strike action in the wake of a decision by parent company Ford Motor to end production at its Coventry, England plant.
Hackers have increased their attempts to hijack PCs since the start of the year, with up to 75,000 being compromised daily, according to Symantec.
IT managers may need more storage to handle all the storage announcements occurring this week at the Storage Decisions show in Chicago.
Samsung Electronics has succeeded in developing an 8-gigabit flash memory chip, breaking another world record in semiconductors, the company announced yesterday.
With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Boca Ratons Vince Spadea became the latest victim of the top seed curse that has existed at the Delray Beach-based tournament since it began in 1993.
Newtowns Phil Mills tasted further world championship glory yesterday when he co-drove Petter Solberg to victory in the Wales Rally GB.
West Brom boss Gary Megson has defended Darren Purse following Fulham manager Chris Coleman #39;s verbal attack on the Baggies centre-back.
ISTANBUL, Turkey Turkish authorities say a grenade might have caused last night #39;s explosion that injured at least 13 people attending a pop concert.
KABUL, Afghanistan - Two US soldiers died Monday in a fire-fight with insurgents in a troubled southeastern Afghan province, the American military said.
India #39;s exclusive satellite for educational services -- Edusat -- was successfully placed into the Geostationary Orbit (GSO) on Monday.
Reuters - India will improve on its already rapid economic growth levels in the years ahead, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh predicted on Monday.
Bulgaria's first budget airline says that the government is driving it out of business.
India launches its first learning satellite, aimed at revolutionising the country's educational network.
US stocks fell after Colgate- Palmolive Co., the world #39;s largest toothpaste producer, reduced its profit forecast and PMC-Sierra Inc.
Real Madrid accepted the resignation of coach Jose Antonio Camacho on Monday, two days after a loss to Espanyol that was its second in four days.
Kellen Winslow Jr. broke his right leg during the Cleveland Browns #39; loss against Dallas and is expected to miss a major portion of his rookie season.
BRUSSELS - The European Union cannot start entry negotiations with Turkey unless Ankara adopts a reform of its penal code, a European Commission spokesman said on Monday.
Aviation industry analysts expect Qantas to head in a different direction now the Air NZ alliance is off. Picture:Reuters. Qantas #39; plans to take a 22.
Home builder Lennar Corp. reported a 12 percent rise in quarterly profit Monday, and a stable economy led it to raise its profit forecasts for the current and following year.
WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- MCI reportedly is looking for a buyer and has hired a trio of law firms to help the company explore its options.
When you #39;re a company under the watchful eye of governments around the globe for being the 800-pound gorilla of the computer industry, it helps to play nice.
A hospital spokeswoman said the European Cup winner, who was 69, had been suffering from stomach cancer. 1955: Makes his League debut in a game against Barnsley.
A race for the ages is in prospect at next year #39;s Helsinki world championships if three of the world #39;s great runners stay fit, healthy and focused.
Former Nottingham Forest and Derby County manager Brian Clough dies aged 69.
AP - Sixth-seeded Gisela Dulko of Argentina beat Aniko Kapros of Hungary 6-4, 6-1 Monday in the first round of the China Open.
Ziff Davis - At half the price of its high-end system, the new ftServer W Series 2300 system offers users an alternative to clusters.
The two companies are targeting customers that have invested in a services-oriented architecture.
special coverage Court ruling casts pall over software maker's customer bash. Also: How to boost employee morale?
Designed to further enhance the value of our Special Report, these Powerpoint slides offer key data and statistics about the choices facing today's IT decision makers regarding CRM.
NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Citigroup fell after a Merrill Lynch analyst downgraded the Dow Jones Industrial Average component early Monday.
Rogers Wireless Communications Inc. agreed to buy Microcell Telecommunications Inc. for C\$1.4 billion (\$1.08 billion), beating a bid by Telus Corp.
It was what every NASCAR NEXTEL Cup Series driver competing in the Chase for the Championship feared - a DNF (Did Not Finish). A poor finish with the accompanying 
The Iraqi prime minister Eyad Allawi said yesterday that the trial of the toppled Iraqi regime Saddam Hussein and his aides might start in October.
Samsung Electronics announced on September 20 that it has succeeded in developing a 1/2000, hair-thin (60 nm) 8-gigabyte NAND flash memory module.
AIR New Zealand #39;s future is uncertain after the country #39;s High Court yesterday ended the long awaited nuptials with Qantas.
With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
WASHINGTON With just weeks before the election -- there #39;s concern that the rules on political fund-raising could be  quot;in chaos.
Dozens of people were killed in floods throughout Haiti after tropical storm Jeanne lashed the Caribbean nation during the weekend.
AFP - The world will have almost two billion mobile telephone users by 2006 due to growth in emerging markets such as India and China, the head of Swedish giant Ericsson revealed.
 quot;India with 1.3 billion population ought to be represented in the UN Security Council and involved in the G-8 process, said Tony Blair.
The Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processor 3000 is designed for thin and light mobile PCs, thanks to its reduced thermal design power and low operational voltage.
The number of cyber attacks on Windows operating system rose by 400pc between January June of this year, computer security company Symantec said today.
Britain #39;s Colin Montgomerie has always played like a man possessed in Ryder Cup matches against the United States. A talismanic figure 
(September 20, 2004) - OAKLAND, Calif. -ike Mularkey had his back against a cement block wall deep inside Network Associates Coliseum late Sunday.
Judges in France have ordered six people to stand trial in connection with an alleged plot to attack the United States embassy in Paris in 2001.
Two new products are designed to make it easier for businesses to connect storage computers across long distances.
To a large degree, the concerns of Net phone provider Nuvio illustrate how the industry has become politically divided.
Expanded Web conferencing service is specifically designed for sales professionals.
As had been predicted, Ford has announced that car production is to cease at Jaguar #39;s Browns Lane plant in Coventry , England .
Rio Ferdinand will face Liverpool at Old Trafford on Monday night to end what he claims has been  quot;the longest eight months of my life quot;.
com. There are two weeks left in Octoberquest, and most of the attention today will be on a doubleheader in Florida that was never on the original schedule.
AP - Jose Antonio Camacho quit as star-studded Real Madrid's coach after just six games and was replaced Monday by assistant Mariano Garcia Remon.
Report suggests many giants of the industry have been able to capture lasting feelings of customer loyalty.
Samsung Electronics announced three breakthroughs in key technologies that promise greater data storage and faster processing for computers and mobile devices such as MP3 audio players.
Brillian Corp. , a maker of high-definition televisions based on its own liquid crystal technology, said on Monday that Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co.
The Internet company said Monday that it #39;s launching an online shopping site it says will provide an easy and fast way to compare products from thousands of online merchants.
The dollar rose broadly on Monday as markets braced for a Federal Reserve policy meeting this week that is widely expected to end with a higher federal funds rate, making the dollar a more attractive currency.
Two Web conferencing service providers, WebEx and Genesys Conferencing, separately are updating their applications to offer more features.
It #39;s a sad reflection on the pace of modern life that many in football have already lost sight of Brian Clough #39;s achievements.
THE England and Wales Cricket Board have confirmed Steve Harmison will face no action for pulling out of November #39;s tour to Zimbabwe.
Description: Former Chinese President Jiang Zemin steps down as the head of the Chinese military, completing the first orderly handover of power in the history of the Chinese communist state.
Israeli troops Monday shot and killed a Palestinian man near a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip. The Israeli army said soldiers shot the man, as he approached the settlement of Gush Katif.
The family of British hostage Kenneth Bigley have made an appeal to his kidnappers not to harm him, as the deadline for their demands approaches.
Swiss drug giant Roche said Monday that its Tarceva drug improves the results of chemotherapy in prolonging the lives of patients with advanced pancreatic cancer.
America Online has launched an online shopping site it says will provide an easy and fast way to compare products from thousands of online merchants.
FINALLY, after a gaggle of expansion packs, the sequel to The Sims has landed, and those who enjoyed the original are in for a treat.
Europe travelled to America as underdogs to retain the Ryder Cup but surprised everyone by inflicting their heaviest-ever defeat on their hosts.
 BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Bigger than the  Olympics boasted one paper. Excitement is a gimme promised  another.
Nike, the US sports footwear and clothing firm, unveils a 26 rise in first quarter income, thanks to the Olympics raising its profile.
The Finnish driver has had a disappointing weekend in Estoril: he finished 13th and 3rd However, he keeps the lead in the championship.
Quarterbacks Mark Brunell and Patrick Ramsey waste another day of good defense and, worse yet, let a reeling division rival off the hook.
The advertising market will be stronger in 2005 than previously thought, ad industry experts say.
ITWorld: Police in the UK have arrested a man in connection with the theft of source code from networking equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc.
Open-source software maker releases big update to Java-based application server program.
A California-based start-up says the open-source business model makes sense for network monitoring, a services-intensive area.
The volume of worms and viruses is increasing, but the rate of successful attacks has dropped, according to Symantec.
Web services software vendors AmberPoint and Systinet are now selling an integrated suite of software for service-oriented architectures, featuring products from both companies.
&lt;strong&gt;Storage Decisions&lt;/strong&gt; File server help
Union members at Jaguar today voted overwhelmingly to oppose closure at the Browns Lane plant in Coventry and backed a call for an industrial action ballot.
AMD has launched the Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processor, a low-power version of its 32/64-bit chip aimed at the thin-and-light notebook market.
The family of British hostage Kenneth Bigley was anxiously awaiting news of his fate tonight after the apparent deadline for his execution in Iraq passed.
AP - Computer Associates International Inc. and federal prosecutors reportedly are near a deal that could end a two-year accounting fraud investigation of the software company.
Ziff Davis - Despite significant RFID adoption from the biggest companies, IBM is turning its attention to the midmarket.
The volume of worms and viruses is increasing, but the rate of successful attacks has dropped, according to a new report from Symantec.
AFP - With little doubt about the Federal Reserve's plans for a quarter-point rate hike, financial markets were focusing on another question: When will the Fed stop?
Rescuers search for victims after a ship capsizes in the Amazon region of Brazil, killing at least 15 people.
Senator John Kerry said today that the war in Iraq was a "profound diversion" from the war on terror and Osama bin Laden.
CBS admitted today that it cannot vouch for the authenticity of documents used to support a story that questioned President Bush's National Guard service.
The price range for the shares is for institutional clients and excludes brokerage fees. It values Hutchison Telecom at between US\$3.
Canadian telecommunications provider Rogers Communications Inc. reported that its wireless subsidiary Rogers Wireless Communications Inc.
US Airways lost the financing for nearly 100 regional jets that were to be a key part of the bankrupt airline #39;s restructuring plan, The Washington Post reported on Saturday.
Redmond software company Microsoft Corp. said it will add the source code of its Office 2003 flagship software suite to its program for sharing the details of its products with government entities.
IRVING, Texas-What could have been a breather had Dallas coach Bill Parcells gasping for air here Sunday afternoon at Texas Stadium.
Two influential Sunni Muslim clerics were killed in Iraq, and authorities awaited word Monday on the fate of three groups of hostages, including a Briton and two Americans.
The start-up, soon to be acquired by Cisco, adds feature to help broadband service providers fight "zombie" attacks.
New add-ons include a wireless keyboard that works with PDAs and smart phones from HP and Dell as well as its own.\
NEW YORK - These days, technology providers take nothing for granted, especially their customers: There are plenty of stories of providers going to extraordinary lengths to win and keep customers.
Fulham face the prospect of severe punishment after the Football Association threw the book at the club following Saturdays stormy match against West Brom.
An Algerian who has been held without trial or charges since 2001 under anti-terrorism laws was freed by the British government Monday, his lawyer said.
Workers at Ford #39;s main Jaguar assembly plant have agreed to take a ballot on possible strike action over job cuts at the hard-pressed carmaker.
Hynix used such deceptive accounting methods as substituting expenses with assets under construction from 1996, the Financial Supervisory Service says.
After winning union backing for job cuts, Alitalia was holding a board of directors meeting Monday to approve a restructuring plan aimed at saving the near-bankrupt Italian carrier from collapse.
British police have arrested a 20-year-old man in northern England on suspicion of involvement in the theft and posting in May of a key piece of software from Cisco Systems.
Auburn junior offensive tackle Marcus McNeill sounded a little Zen-like, especially after an afternoon that was anything but non-violent.
Early returns from Indonesia #39;s presidential election suggest former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has taken the lead against incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri.
The British government is to release a foreign national held without charge or trial under the anti-terrorism laws introduced in the wave of the Sept.
The French army says it has arrested 12 of its soldiers in Ivory Coast on charges of stealing \$120,000 from a bank they were ordered to protect.
AP - German police have broken up an Internet piracy operation they say had peddled millions of dollars worth of bootleg films, computer games, music and software through a Web site.
Microsoft will let governments access the computer code behind its Office software as part of a broader campaign to provide alternatives to open-source applications.
The United Nations on Monday added 14 pesticides and chemicals, including lead additive for petrol, to a growing list of toxic substances in which trade is restricted.
AP - This year's presidential election began with Iowa's caucuses back in January, and it could be determined by how Iowans vote Nov. 2.
The US lifts a trade embargo to reward Libya for its decision to give up weapons of mass destruction.
Charges against four directors of Zimbabwe's banned Daily News newspaper are dropped by a court, citing insufficient evidence.
The consumer products firm issues a profit warning for the second half.
When a company's management wastes free cash to cover up for previous mistakes, look out.
The chipmaker announces new investments in five firms working on digital home related software and hardware.
German company Securepoint says teenager Sven Jaschan deserves a chance to prove himself on the up-and-up.
P-Cube, soon to be acquired by the networking giant, adds feature to help broadband service providers fight "zombie" e-mail attacks.
Maxim Pharmaceutical's Ceplene produces disappointing results.
A new report sees growing opportunity for the open-source operating system to displace Windows in small offices.
The wait for millions of Sims fans is over. Electronic Arts announced that The Sims 2, has shipped to retailers under the EA GAMES brand and is now available on store shelves.
Robby Gordon apologized Monday for intentionally causing an accident at New Hampshire International Speedway that involved championship contenders Tony Stewart and Jeremy Mayfield.
Fulham are facing FA charges regarding the conduct of their players in a Premier League match at West Bromwich Albion last Saturday that included a mass brawl and three dismissals.
AP - The University of Kansas must immediately release its athletic director's employment agreement and another compensation document under the state's open records act, a district judge ordered.
NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) is opening the door to its Office suite, offering governments a closer look inside key applications.
Early results from Indonesia's first direct presidential poll put ex-general Susilo Yudhoyono on course to win easily.
Brian Clough, the outspoken soccer manager who led Nottingham Forest to European Cup success in 1979 and 1980, died at Derby City General Hospital in central England.
John OShea has warned Manchester United supporters not to expect miracles from returning hero Rio Ferdinand. Alex Ferguson is expected to waste little time in restoring his star defender to the Red Devils 
Sir Alex Ferguson tonight hailed Brian Clough as a great footballing eccentric and a fantastic manager following the death of his old sparring partner.
Button was the general manager of the Calgary Flames for parts of three seasons from 2000-01 to 2002-03 before joining The Score network as an NHL analyst.
Fears were growing tonight for the safety of Briton Kenneth Bigley as unconfirmed reports stated a fellow hostage in Iraq had been executed.
AP - Brian Westbrook dismisses his critics the same way he shrugs off tacklers.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Monday as warnings of  lower earnings from consumer goods giants Colgate-Palmolive and  Unilever weighed on markets.
AP - The House ethics committee ended its initial information gathering Monday and now must decide whether to order a formal investigation of whether Majority Leader Tom DeLay has misused his office.
Federal regulators have found evidence suggesting that mortgage giant Fannie Mae manipulated earnings to facilitate bigger bonuses to executives, according to a lawmaker familiar with the findings.
The two companies do not operate in all the same markets, but Monday's warnings seemed to suggest that both were suffering from tougher competition in some areas.
the Air New Zealand of September 2004 is a vastly different company from the one that feared annihilation by Qantas just two years ago.
Microsoft (Quote, Chart) has extended its Government Security Program (GSP) by offering government customers access to the source code of Microsoft Office 2003.
Sales Center -- to its hosted Web conferencing service. The module will let a remote sales team pass notes behind the scenes, keep 
A third gold medal for Chui Yee Yu rounded off a rewarding day for Hong Kong at the Paralympics as they emerged as the dominant force in wheelchair fencing.
Steelers head coach Bill Cowher was hoping to bring rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger along slowly, allowing him to learn from veteran Tommy Maddox in his initial campaign.
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula Da Silva urged the international community on Monday to harness globalization and turn it into a positive force for all peoples of the world.
Analysts speculate that the software giant will focus on the low end of the market, at least initially.
Forrester CEO George Colony argues that if Sun goes down, it's going to go down taking very big swings.
bug text As worms proliferated through the first half of the year, attacks gained in sophistication. Also: A start-up fights zombies.
The chipmaker is back on a buying spree, having scooped up five other companies this year.
AP - Cowboys rookie running back Julius Jones broke his left shoulder and is expected to be out about two months.
Judge in Baylor player's death appoints third mental-health expert to evaluate defendant.
Families shell out a small fortune to send their kids back to school.
Outwardly, Russia has not changed since the barrage of terrorist attacks that culminated in the school massacre in Beslan on Sept.
BAGHDAD - Guerrillas attacked a US patrol north of Baghdad on Monday, killing one 1st Infantry Division soldier, the US military said in a statement.
Ah, the sweet smell of success: Maria Sharapova #39;s Wimbledon title helped her land an endorsement deal for a perfume that will bear her name.
America Online has had quite a bit of success with its AIM Robot (AIMBot) technology, including one that feeds users news headlines or on-demand news from the Wall Street 
The extraordinary news that Jos Antonio Camacho offered up his resignation on the Sunday after the Espanyol defeat was a fitting end to a fascinating week in La Liga.
WELCOME, NC -- Robby Gordon is apologizing for intentionally causing an accident in Sunday #39;s Nextel Cup race at New Hampshire International Speedway.
Fists may have been flying at The Hawthorns... but it was Rob Earnshaw #39;s foot that left Gary Megson wondering what might have been.
There has been more violence in Afghanistan where one of the country #39;s vice presidents has narrowly avoided assassination. Attacks are escalating as Afghanistan prepares 
The European Union has made clear to Turkey that it cannot start negotiations on joining the union, until Ankara reforms its penal code.
AP - Turkey will push to improve its democracy and human rights record regardless of whether European Union leaders decide in December to begin membership talks with Ankara, the government said Monday.
Two former Enron executives are set to appear in court in Houston in the first criminal trial involving Enron staff since the firm's collapse in 2001.
Plus, Colgate-Palmolive's washed away, Microsoft opens up, and a stone-cold IPO.
Microsoft wants to get its next operating system in shipping shape by taking away one of the legs of the three-legged stool upon which the system would be built.
AOL partner offers new version of Central kit that connects to online giant's instant messenger.
Blade servers are the future, HP says, rolling out new services targeted at users.
Suspect accused of stealing and distributing source code over the Internet.
Federal regulators have found evidence suggesting that mortgage giant Fannie Mae manipulated earnings to facilitate bigger bonuses to executives 
New research indicates that many household names of the IT industry, including Dell and Microsoft, have been able to capture lasting feelings of customer loyalty.
AOL Monday is launching a program to promote and facilitate the creation of what it calls AIM Robots for its AIM instant messaging system.
AP - Chicago Bears safety Mike Brown will miss the rest of the season after tearing his right Achilles tendon in a victory over Green Bay, coach Lovie Smith said Monday.
PC World - Suspect accused of stealing and distributing source code over the Internet.
AP - Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Larry Chester will miss the rest of the season because of a torn ligament in his right knee, his agent said Monday.
Reuters - Adobe Systems Inc.  on Monday\reported a sharp rise in quarterly profit, driven by robust\demand for its Photoshop and document-sharing software.
An Iraqi group led by al Qaeda ally Abu Musab Zarqawi beheaded American Eugene Armstrong and posted a video of the killing on the Internet on Monday.
On the eve of a \$280bn racketeering trial of cigarette majors, political and legal uncertainties are still seen hanging over the US governments long-awaited case.
Citigroup Inc. shares on Monday suffered their biggest one-day percentage decline in 18 months after a prominent Wall Street analyst downgraded the world #39;s largest 
NEW YORK - Two of the world #39;s biggest consumer products giants issued profit warnings today, sending shares in both companies downward.
Less than six months after emerging from the largest bankruptcy in history, MCI Inc. has begun to search for a buyer, sources familiar with the situation said on Monday.
In the game hyped as a face off between elite wide receivers Terrell Owens and Randy Moss, the men throwing the ball their way tonight have a lot in common.
Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Larry Chester will miss the rest of the season because of a torn ligament in his right knee, his agent said Monday.
AP - Boeing Co. and International Business Machines Corp. plan to develop advanced information technologies for the Defense Department and intelligence systems under a 10-year partnership the companies announced Monday.
The federal government is accusing six companies in the tobacco industry of a conspiracy to mislead the public, including the marketing of cigarettes to youth.
Former general Susilo Bambang is heading for a landslide win against incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri in Indonesia #39;s first direct presidential election.
Since being slapped with yet more criticism and tough demands from the UN nuclear watchdog, Iran has reacted with noisy indignation while still signalling its willingness to negotiate.
Adobe Systems Inc. on Monday reported a sharp rise in quarterly profit, driven by robust demand for its Photoshop and document-sharing software.
Reuters - Pittsburgh Steelers starting\quarterback Tommy Maddox will be sidelined at least six weeks\after suffering a right elbow injury during Sunday's 30-13 loss\to Baltimore.
AP - The Americans have run out of explanations, but not excuses.
Reuters - Mussels have been found growing on the\seabed just 800 miles from the North Pole in a likely sign of\global warming, scientists said on Friday.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Monday as warnings of  lower earnings from consumer goods giants Colgate-Palmolive and  Unilever weighed on markets.
Rival trans-Tasman airlines Air New Zealand and Qantas have far from abandoned their dreams of an alliance, despite it failing to clear yet another hurdle.
TORONTO (CP) - The Toronto stock market cruised to a flat close Monday as the latest rise in oil prices propelled energy stocks higher.
Fatal attacks in Israel cause a direct increase in the number of deadly traffic accidents -- but not until three days later, researchers said on Monday.
Pollen from a genetically modified grass has blown on the wind and pollinated other grasses up to 21 kilometres away, says a new study.
The University of Maryland plans to raise \$200 million for scholarships, a campaign that basketball coach Gary Williams will head and seed with \$500,000 of his own.
NEW YORK The dollar rose against most European currencies on Monday on expectations that the Federal Reserve on Tuesday will lift its overnight lending rate and signal plans for more increases.
Shares of Adobe Systems Inc. rose more than 3 percent in the extended session after the software company reported better-than-expected third-quarter profit.
An Illinois judge on Monday approved a deal on how to carve up ownership of the Chicago Board of Trade, the oldest US futures exchange.
The high-speed broadband communications, storage, and MIPS processor chip maker said revenues are now expected to be between \$71 million and \$73 million.
A former assistant football coach at Kentucky has sued the university #39;s Athletic Association, the NCAA and the Southeastern Conference for \$50 million.
AT least 250 people died in massive floods across northern Haiti after Tropical Storm Jeanne hit the crushingly poor Caribbean nation over the weekend, a UN spokesman said today.
Even though he has been China #39;s president for two years, Hu Jintao wasn #39;t given the powerful position of military commander until Sunday.
A video posted Monday on a Web site showed the beheading of a man identified as American construction contractor Eugene Armstrong.
Citing anticompetitive concerns, New Zealand #39;s High Court rejected on Monday a proposed alliance between the country #39;s flagship carrier and Australian rival Qantas.
On a storm-tossed night at Old Trafford, lightning in the form of Mikael Silvestre struck twice for a reinvigorated Manchester United.
Relatives pleaded on Monday for the release of two Americans and a Briton as a deadline loomed for their beheading. In Baghdad, two 
AP - A young Missouri woman was acquitted Monday of charges she helped former NHL player Mike Danton hire a hit man in a failed plot to kill his agent.
AP - So the New York Jets won their first two games. Big deal, right? For this franchise, it is huge.
AP - The mention of Kurt Warner brought a gleam to the eyes of New York Giants receiver Tim Carter.
AFP - Legendary manager Brian Clough, who led unfashionable Nottingham Forest to two European Cup titles, has died of stomach cancer aged 69.
Reuters - U.S. television broadcasters on\Monday labeled as inadequate planned legislation to ensure\millions of consumers can still watch television once\broadcasters begin airing only in digital.
AP - Adobe Systems Inc.'s income rose 62 percent in its latest quarter on stronger-than-anticipated revenue growth.
AP - The White House has removed Costa Rica from an Internet list of nations in the so-called "coalition of the willing" in Iraq.
US airstrikes in Fallujah are targeting Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and his followers. Is he the mastermind of the insurgency?
Targeted attacks and a sluggish economy are pushing academics, Christians, and businessmen to move abroad.
Mikael Silvestre's headed brace gives Man Utd victory over Liverpool on Rio Ferdinand's return to first-team action.
When Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao visits Moscow on Thursday, all eyes will be on whether he can persuade his Russian counterpart Mikhail Fradkov to stick to an original agreement 
Plus: Strong sales of phones, other gadgets boost PalmOne profit...Lawson expects quarterly loss...SCO to cap legal costs.
With 20 partners already lined up, analysts speculate that the software giant will focus on the market's low end--at least initially.
roundup TruSecure, Betrusted to merge, focus on big customers. Also: A bump up in the bureaucracy?
Companies are expected to formally announce on Tuesday that they plan to create a new firm called Cybertrust.
Handheld maker's revenue buoyed by strong sales of phones, other devices; after-hours shares fluctuate wildly.
 Technology lobbying groups are stepping up their push for lawmakers to pass several pieces of legislation.
2GHz chip is the highest performing processor in AMD's family of low-power Mobile AMD Athlon 64 products.
Kerry advocates eliminating "special tax breaks" for U.S. companies with overseas subsidiaries.
Sun will unveil new servers, called Sun Fire V490 and V890, based on the company's dual-core UltraSparc IV processor.
United Air Lines is revamping the way aircraft mechanics get maintenance information and parts illustrations using global content management software from Enigma Inc.
The data protection server is designed to simplify and reduce the backup and recovery process for businesses.
Storage vendors Hewlett-Packard, Cisco, EMC, and Microsoft are trumpeting new products this week that foreshadow the near future of storage.
Lawmakers may vote on Internet tax ban, controversial copyright bills before the end of the year.
Hewlett-Packard Co., a maker of computers, printers and information technology systems for businesses, said Monday that it bought back about \$1.
US chipmaker AMD on Monday introduced a faster mobile chip, Athlon 64 processor 3000, for thin and light notebook computers. The new chip enables a powerful 32-bit computing 
A German security firm has hired the teen accused of writing the Sasser and Netsky worms, a move that sends a dangerous message to hackers, anti-virus firms said Monday.
Real Madrid coach Jose Antonio Camacho has offered to resign after the Spanish club #39;s poor start to the season, according to reports in Spain.
The dramatic surge in support for a neo-Nazi party and reformed communists in weekend state polls marks a voter drift to the extreme political fringes, an ominous trend just two weeks 
Paychecks stay the same for the top two, but compensation changes for other Microsoft workers as stock grants replace options.\
roundup Plus: Macromedia taps into AIM...Hewlett-Packard packages services for blades...Corel updates Painter.
Five years in the making, the enormous US Department of Justice lawsuit against the major tobacco companies finally goes to trial Tuesday in Washington.
AFP - US President George W. Bush removed most economic sanctions on Libya, clearing the way for huge compensation payments to the families of victims of the 1988 Lockerbie bombing.
WebEx Communications is one of the pioneers of real-time collaboration applications. In fact, to many companies the name WebEx is synonymous with online meetings.
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva Monday called for a true global partnership against hunger and poverty,  quot;the most cruel weapon of mass destruction.
A priest accused of ordering the slaughter of 2000 people who sought refuge in his church during Rwanda #39;s genocide refused to appear for the start of his trial at a UN tribunal yesterday.
David Blunkett #39;s emergency anti-terrorism laws came under fire last night after he ruled a suspect interned without trial for nearly three years no longer posed a national threat.
England heads into today #39;s Champions Trophy semifinal against Australia at Edgbaston without a win over its old rivals in their last 14 one-day internationals.
Angry villagers in Nigeria #39;s restive oil-producing south have stormed and shut down three oil flow stations, preventing at least 107 oil workers from leaving two of the facilities 
AP - Some highlights of the 1994 Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act:
Canadian wireless operator Rogers Wireless Communications has launched a takeover of competitor Microcell. The combined company would have more than 5.1 million voice and data subscribers in Canada.
America Online will begin offering to sell members a security device and service that has been used to safeguard business computer networks, the world #39;s largest Internet service provider said on Monday.
There is a 35 percent rise in the number of people killed in road accidents three days after a terror attack, compared to an average day.
America Online is launching a program this week to promote and facilitate the creation of what it calls AIM Robots for its AIM instant messaging system.
Football lost a maverick soul yesterday, an extraordinary man whose unique style of management would give a modern-day club chairman apoplexy.
Real Madrid #39;s month of turmoil took another serious turn last night when the club were forced into appointing low-ranking coach Mariano Garcia Remon to replace Jose Antonio 
Mikael Silvestre headed two goals as Manchester United, boosted by the return of defender Rio Ferdinand, beat Liverpool 2-1 in English soccer #39;s Premiership.
Hundreds of people are believed dead in Haiti following flooding in the wake of tropical storm Jeanne, rescuers and witnesses said Monday.
The European Union and Russia joined the United States Monday in urging Iran to comply with a resolution passed by the International Atomic Energy Agency.
The IDF has recently introduced a system that can detect Qassam rockets and provide the residents of Sderot with a 15 to 20 second warning before the rocket falls.
afrol News, 20 September - Roman Catholic priest Athanase Seromba is accused of the worst imaginable crimes during the 1994 Rwanda genocide.
The dollar may rise for a second day against the euro in Asia on speculation Federal Reserve policy makers will raise the key interest rate in a meeting today and signal more increases to come.
Publishing-software giant Adobe Systems reported on Monday a slight seasonal decline in sales and profit amid strong overall growth.
WR Grace  amp; Co., a chemical company currently in bankruptcy proceedings, on Monday said it has settled litigation with Honeywell International Inc.
America Online has launched an online shopping service called inStore that lets users search for products, compare prices and features, and set up price-drop alerts.
MCI Inc. has hired three investment banks and a law firm to help the telecommunications company quietly search for potential buyers, according to a published report Monday.
Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
The Arena Football League Board of Directors approved Salt Lake City #39;s expansion bid on Monday and realigned divisions for 2005 after dropping three teams.
Northern Ireland #39;s political leaders gather at Hillsborough Castle today in a bid to breathe fresh life into the peace process.
com Fantasy Extra staff. Starting RB Edgerrin James suffered a grade-2 hamstring strain on his last touchdown run against the Titans on Sunday.
AP - Jerry Rice returned to the practice field Monday and showed the Raiders the same old-fashioned work ethic that has defined his stellar career, a day after his record receptions streak ended.
Reuters - Internet bloggers have drawn blood\and American journalism may never be the same.
A top-level Palestinian delegation yesterday promised Syria #39;s leader that it would coordinate with the country in future peace negotiations with Israel, but stopped short 
A programmer has rebutted an accusation that he contributed proprietary software to an open-source project called Mambo, while his accuser has moderated his legal threats.
MOSCOW -- Russian news agencies report that the launch of the next International Space Station crew may be delayed by up to 10 days.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - A Missouri woman was acquitted of charges she helped NHL player Mike Dantion hire a hit man in a failed plot to kill his agent.
Back-and-forth dance characterizes dispute over code released to open-source Mambo project.
The defense-related work is estimated to be worth \$200 billion.
Plus: Linux demand lifts Red Hat profit...Strong sales of phones, other gadgets boost PalmOne profit...Lawson expects quarterly loss.
Sequential revenue and profit declines had been widely expected; year-over-year growth robust.
Paychecks stay the same for the top two, but compensation changes for other Microsoft workers as stock grants replace options.
roundup Plus: ContextWeb nabs \$3 million...Macromedia taps into AIM...Hewlett-Packard packages services for blades.
Start-up Dust Networks takes the covers off a low-power wireless system for linking sensors in walls, remote cameras and other places.\
MIAMI - America Online Inc. has launched an online shopping service called inStore that lets users search for products, compare prices and features and set up price-drop alerts.
WHEN a big fish flails in the water, a backwash is assured. That happened yesterday when food and consumer goods giant Unilever put out a profits warning.
The new Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processor 3000 for thin and light notebooks enables a powerful 32-bit computing experience today with a seamless transition to 64-bit computing.
Astronauts aboard the International Space Station are again without a working oxygen generator on Monday after a backup component failed over the weekend, said a NASA spokeswoman.
A video grab image on an Islamist internet site shows American hostage Eugene Armstrong prior to his execution September 20, 2004.
AP - With a 13th straight division title all but assured, the Atlanta Braves can go into a familiar mode: preparing for the postseason.
Despite a slight seasonal dip, the software maker surpasses earnings expectations, as year-over-year growth comes in strong.
Unilever, the consumer goods giant, slashed its profit growth forecasts yesterday in the face of poor sales, weakening consumer spending and tough competition.
The first criminal trial stemming from the 2001 collapse of Enron began yesterday with the swearing in of a jury. The trial is expected to focus on the role the investment 
Tiger Woods finished the 35th Ryder Cup on a personal winning note in the last-day singles, but the enigma of his relationship with the biennial team competition remains.
San Diego Chargers quarterback Drew Brees expects to start Sunday at Denver despite sustaining a mild concussion in a loss to the New York Jets.
AP - The leader of a paramilitary faction involved in peace talks was apparently one of five insurgents killed in an ambush on Monday, officials said.
The Pittsburgh Penguins canceled their home preseason schedule and the regular-season opener on Monday because of the NHL lockout that threatens to wipe out the entire season.
KABUL: Two US soldiers died yesterday in a fire-fight with insurgents in a troubled southeastern Afghan province, the American military said.
The hot topic at many golf clubs is one few members could have dreamed of talking about a decade ago.
The video posted last night showing the beheading of the American hostage Eugene Armstrong is the latest example of the ruthlessness of the Iraqi militant group responsible.
Malaysia has hit out at Australian plans to base counter-terrorism teams in Southeast Asia, saying it #39;s capable of dealing with any terrorism threat on its own.
Financial services firm JP Morgan Chase has cancelled a groundbreaking 2.8bn outsourcing deal with IBM which was intended to run for seven years.
The Jets began their bye week Monday, and the time off comes not a moment too soon. A day after their second straight victory sent them to their best regular 
Reuters - British men are abandoning their stiff upper lips but still do not wear their hearts on their sleeves like Americans, a new\survey shows.
AP - House ethics committee leaders said Monday they soon will present the panel with information on Majority Leader Tom DeLay's conduct and recommend whether to undertake a full investigation.
Diabetics should test their blood sugar levels more regularly to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, a study says.
Two big consumer products companies issued profit warnings, underscoring an increasingly tough competitive landscape for makers of some of the world's best-known brands.
A new study shows raises questions about the straying of plants altered through biotechnology and that could hurt the efforts of two companies to win approval for the first bioengineered grass.
With all these newly bankrupt airlines, what are frequent fliers doing to preserve their mileage assets and stay on schedule?
Palmer Johnson hopes to its former glory by introducing a sleek new motor yacht design and concentrating on building boats.
The decision left both parties arguing over which regulations are now in effect for the final weeks of the presidential campaign.
The victim was identified as Eugene Armstrong, an American, who was seized along with another American and a Briton.
US software giant Microsoft Corporation has expanded a program giving government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints.
Bloated bodies and weeping relatives filled mortuaries today as Tropical Storm Jeanne killed more than 570 Haitians with the toll expected to rise.
With an Oracle buyout looking likely, software-maintenance start-up TomorrowNow's phone is ringing off the hook.
A federal judge has ordered the Federal Election Commission to enact tougher restrictions on how millions of dollars are spent on campaigns, saying that its rules have 
Negative pre-announcements from Colgate and Unilever hurt industrials. Fed rate news on tap Tuesday. By Alexandra Twin, CNN/Money Staff Writer.
Rio Ferdinand returned to action after his eight-month suspension on Monday and produced a solid performance as Manchester United beat local rival Liverpool 2-1 to climb five places in the Premier League.
Bloated corpses and weeping relatives have filled morgues as Haitians face yet another tragedy in a year marked by revolts, military interventions and deadly floods.
Some believe that simpler rules may be more effective than computer models when it comes to protecting the environment.
An advanced system of video surveillance will alert Chicago police whenever anyone viewed by the cameras acts suspiciously.
Rogers Wireless Communications positioned itself to become Canada's largest wireless service provider with a bid for the feisty market upstart, Microcell Telecommunications.
Samsung Electronics has developed a 8Gb NAND flash memory adopting technologies of processing chips with circuit width of 60nm, the first of its kind in the industry.
An Al Qaeda-linked militant group beheaded an American hostage in Iraq and threatened last night to kill another two Westerners in 24 hours unless women prisoners were freed from Iraqi jails.
AP - Japan may extend its deployment of its non-combat troops in southern Iraq if the security situation in the country does not change, a top government official said Tuesday.
The luster and momentum of the Red Sox series faded away in a procession of confounding pitches by Toronto's Gustavo Chacin.
Microsoft Corp., a worldwide leader in operating systems, announced its decision to share Office 2003 source code with governments from over 30 countries.
com. Not only did the Twins clinch their third straight American League Central title Monday night, but also did it at a bitter rival #39;s ballpark.
Aides to a top Shi #39;ite cleric in Iraq say 18 captive Iraqi soldiers have been freed by kidnappers who had threatened to kill them.
In 1953, the chief executives of the country #39;s leading cigarette companies and officials from a major public relations firm gathered at the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan.
Just five months after emerging from bankruptcy protection, MCI Inc. has hired investment and legal advisers to solicit potential buyers for the telecommunications giant, sources close to the company confirmed.
TruSecure Corp., a Herndon provider of network security systems, agreed to merge with Betrusted Holdings Inc., a New York company that offers similar services.
Nextel Communications Inc. is pressing the Federal Communications Commission to revamp its controversial decision giving the cellular company new airwaves, seeking changes that according to 
Albert Pujols hit a tiebreaking single in the ninth inning, and the Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7-4 Monday night for their major league-leading 98th victory.
Kevin Ross knows a thing or two about how rowdy Eagles fans can get for a Monday night game at Lincoln Financial Field. Now an assistant defensive backs coach for the Minnesota Vikings, Ross 
Lithuanian Prime Minister Algirdas Brazauskas said Friday that a pro-Chechen Web site likely would be shut down after it posted a purported message 
World champion Australia faces erratic England in today #39;s semifinals while Pakistan - having beaten traditional rival India - now faces Brian Lara #39;s West Indies, which upset South Africa.
The number of viruses, worms and other security threats to PCs has now passed the 100,000 mark.
 TruSecure Corp., a Herndon provider of network security systems, agreed to merge with Betrusted Holdings Inc., a New York company that offers similar services.
California football coach Jeff Tedford looks up at the scoreboard in the fourth quarter as their game against Southern Mississippi winds up in Hattiesburg, Miss.
Boeing Co. and International Business Machines Corp. plan to develop advanced information technologies for the Defense Department and intelligence systems under a 10-year partnership the companies announced Monday.
A \$280bn (156bn) government lawsuit against the largest cigarette manufacturers in the United States begins on Tuesday with both sides confident of victory.
Palmer Johnson hopes to regain its former glory by introducing a sleek new motor yacht design and concentrating on building boats.
The bankruptcies at US Airways and United show that companies can face financial distress even when workers cooperate.
As the first criminal trial stemming from the financial deals at Enron opens, it will be notable as much for who is not among the six defendants as who is.
The normally star studded Real Madrid missed most of their front line players in a match against Villarreal in the Spanish first division league on Sunday.
Gustavo Chacin walked into Yankee Stadium for the first time, looked around at the fans and the monuments and the pinstripes, and felt like any other nervous rookie.
IRVING, Texas - Browns quarterback Jeff Garcia didn #39;t need a complicated formula to tell him he played the worst game of his career.
Ellis Johnson #39;s career with the Falcons took another odd - and final -wist on Monday when the team traded the disgruntled defensive tackle to the Denver Broncos.
Former basketball star Calvin Murphy was acquitted on Monday by a Houston jury of sexually abusing five of his daughters. Murphy, 56, had denied the charges that he had abused the five 
Michael D. Eisner, Disney's chief, said that he did not plan to remain on the board or become chairman when he retires in two years.
A US District Court judge has sent the Federal Election Commission back to work on a passel of rules it wrote to put the 2002 campaign-finance law into effect.
On September 13, 2001, most Americans were still reeling from the shock of the terrorist attacks on New York and the Pentagon two days before.
It sure isn #39;t the kind of a report an incumbent mayor seeking to hold onto his job wants to have come out six weeks before an election: On Sept.
new study shows that genes from genetically engineered grass can spread much farther than previously known, a finding that raises questions about the straying of other plants altered through 
Philadelphia 76ers President and General Manager Billy King announced today that the Sixers have signed free agent Josh Davis. Per team policy, terms of the contract are not disclosed.
Plan will let customers rent supercomputing power from the company's data centers, paying for exactly as much muscle as they need.
Nike said yesterday that first-quarter earnings were up 25 percent as demand for its athletic shoes fueled the fastest United States sales gain in more than a year.
This past Sunday night (or Sunday afternoon Eastern Standard Time), my roommates and I hung our heads in defeat as Colin Montgomerie put away the Americans in the Ryder Cup.
It took about two-and-a-half hours before one of Monday nights protagonists finally made his mark. Fortunately for the Eagles, the one who did played for them.
In a shift in strategy, Nintendo plans to begin selling its next generation of hand-held video game devices in the United States in time for the coming Christmas season.
For anyone who has watched the Giants' defense over the past few seasons, safety Brent Alexander's critique of his play in Sunday's victory seems laughable.
Colombian paramilitary leader Miguel Arroyave is killed, casting further doubts on ongoing peace talks.
Australia's neighbours dismiss Prime Minister John Howard's plan for pre-emptive strikes oversees.
With four interceptions and seven turnovers in Sunday's loss to the Giants, quarterbacks Mark Brunell and Patrick Ramsey take the shots for the team's sloppy showing.
One view of the Terps' season reveals a team one play away from having two losses with eight games remaining that could be tougher than anyone had imagined.
It might have taken 63 years, but Bill Parcells seems to have found a happy medium of emotions in coaching the Dallas Cowboys.
A 3-0 start hasn't skewed Navy's view of where their season can go if they lose focus according to Coach Paul Johnson.
No. 14 Broadneck waited through a three-day postponement for the conclusion of its 30-0 win over Arundel.
Competitors say they are winning contracts over PeopleSoft because of concern about company's future.
As Torii Hunter stood in the middle of the Minnesota Twins #39; raucous clubhouse, two teammates sneaked up from behind and threw a cooler full of water on him.
After five years of preparation, the federal government expects to take the nation #39;s tobacco industry to court today, alleging massive fraud and seeking a \$280 billion penalty 
Ask Jeeves, the third-biggest US Web search provider, has unveiled MyJeeves, a new product that helps users personalise their Internet searches.
The former Argentine football star, Diego Armando Maradona, traveled on Monday to Cuba to continue his treatment against his addiction to drugs.
Verizon Wireless is decrying a reported attempt by Nextel to reduce the price tag in its controversial spectrum deal with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).
Its new software lets PC administrators create policy controls specifying how long a user will have access to the operating system and applications, what peripherals can connect to the environment, and more.
ways to easily track and store Internet searches -o make online research easier and more productive. On Tuesday, No.
Shares of Jarden Corp. gave back early gains Monday as the market digested the company #39;s definitive agreement to acquire American Household Inc.
AOL have signed a deal with Internet security company RSA Security Inc. to launch its new AOL PassCode, designed to add an additional layer of protection to member accounts.
HAVANA : Argentine football legend Diego Maradona arrived at Havana late Monday to undergo treatment for his addiction to cocaine.
Iraq takes centre-stage in the US election campaign as John Kerry and George W Bush trade insults.
The head of the World Anti-Doping Agency said yesterday that if Marion Jones is found to have taken drugs she should be stripped of all her medals, regardless of when she won them.
Indonesia's stock market makes strong gains as former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono looks set to become president.
The Cubs briefly lead the NL wild-card standings after winning the first game of a doubleheader with the Marlins, but lose the sceond.
Advanced Micro Devices announced its plans for a new lineup of mobile Athlon 64-bit processors intended for thin and light notebooks.
The US Joint Forces Command has awarded a \$29 million contract to design, establish and maintain a Joint Advanced Training Technology Laboratory to Anteon International Corp.
London, Sept 21 (Guardian News Service): One of the 13 detainees interned in Britain for nearly three years as suspected international terrorists was released yesterday from ahigh security prison 
Reuters - A critical Senate\committee plans to vote this week on legislation that would\require broadcasters to abandon their current analog TV\channels and switch solely to digital transmissions by 2009.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Vijay Singh officially supplanted Tiger Woods as the world #39;s finest golfer, earning PGA player of the year honours on Monday.
Former England boss Kevin Keegan has joined the campaign for Middlesbrough winger Stewart Downing to be given his chance at senior international level.
An aviation analyst believes Air New Zealand and Qantas will amend their bid to form an alliance and work instead on sharing resources.
All presidents claim credit for economic success - and are tarred for failure. But most economists say the Federal Reserve has the greater influence.
The European Space Agency #39;s probe, Mars Express, may have found new evidence that points to the possibility of present life on Mars.
Syrian troops are about to redeployed in Lebanon, three weeks after a UN motion urged their withdrawal.
Air New Zealand and Qantas are likely to form a modified alliance after the New Zealand High Court yesterday ruled against the airlines joining together in a formal way.
Car production is to end at Jaguars historic Browns Lane factory in Coventry but some work will continue there, parent firm Ford has confirmed.
* Guerrero beaned: Vladimir Guerrero left the Angels game against the Mariners in the first inning after being hit on the left side of the head by a pitch from Ryan Franklin.
French financier Vincent Bollore said he plans to lift his stake in Havas SA, the world #39;s sixth- largest advertising company, from the current 10.
Computer audio equipment maker Creative Technology will be doubling its MP3 player product lines from its current eight by year-end, stepping up competition for rivals such as Apple Computer.
Proteins found on the outside of cancer cells could be targeted by a drug  quot;guidance system quot; which seeks out and destroys the disease, scientists have said.
ANAHEIM, Calif. -- With players getting hurt left and right, the Anaheim Angels defeated the Mariners 5-2 last night at Edison Field.
Russian Dinara Safina stormed into the second round of the China Open Monday, the day after big brother Marat Safin won the men #39;s title.
AFP - Philippine carriers Smart Communications and Globe Telecom lead telcos worldwide in reaping revenues from cellular data transfers, according to a report in Business World.
Microsoft has released another interim version of its forthcoming SQL Server 2005 database and has introduced a free management tool.
Internet Explorer users are at least four times as likely to click on Web ads than Firefox users, a German advertising technology company said last week.
Troubled retailer M S is offering 332-380p a share in a 2.3bn buyback scheme - less than Philip Green offered for control of the group.
China's biggest steelmaker and its second biggest bank put the pieces in place for massive flotations.
The family of a British hostage captured in Iraq has appealed to the British Prime Minister, Tony Blair, to intervene to try to save his life.
Chinese officials urged Russias biggest oil exporter Yukos Oil Company to stand by its earlier commitments to export crude oil to China.
The company that runs the Franklin Templeton mutual funds yesterday admitted that it allowed an investor to market-time its funds in exchange for putting \$10 
US television broadcasters Monday labeled as inadequate planned legislation to ensure millions of consumers can still watch television once broadcasters begin airing only in digital.
Starting next month, intensive-care patients at Inova Alexandria Hospital will be monitored round the clock by more than doctors and nurses at their bedsides.
JBoss Application Server 4.0, middleware recently certified for J2EE, is ready for enterprise production deployment, according to JBoss.
Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Although Brian Clough retired from management 11 years ago, he continued to monitor football with his usual passion. He followed the fortunes of his son, Nigel - the player-manager at Burton 
Benfica and Real Madrid set the standard for soccer success in Europe in the late 1950s and early  #39;60s. The clubs have evolved much differently, but both have struggled 
The cover of the official game program, being hawked by vendors for several blocks around Lincoln Financial Field here on Monday night, seemed to augur what was about to 
On paper, it looked like a matchup of youth against age. It even appeared it could have been one of those classic boxer-versus-slugger wars.
The Minnesota Twins clinched on a bus in 1991. They clinched in a plastic-covered clubhouse in Cleveland in 2002, watching television.
Iranian President Mohammad Khatami said Tuesday that Iran will push on with its nuclear program even if it is forced to halt inspections by the UN nuclear watchdog.
Northern Ireland Secretary Paul Murphy and Irish foreign minister Brian Cowen will chair talks involving unionists and nationalists at Stormont aimed at ending the stand-off over proposed changes to devolution.
Two Hamas militants were killed when an explosion ripped through their vehicle in Gaza City on Monday in an Israeli air strike, the second in as many days.
AMD said its Opteron processor will be bolstered by power management technology that will decrease overall power consumption and optimize performance in enterprise server systems.
As part of its ongoing effort to foster third-party application development for its hardware and software businesses, IBM on Monday unveiled resources in its Virtual Innovation Center aimed 
The  quot;Make Love Not Spam quot; screensaver has been temporarily pulled while Lycos deals with hosting and management issues, according to a company spokesman.
RIO FERDINAND finally returned to action last night, accepting responsibility for his eight-month ban and vowing not to turn his back on his country.
Kevin Brown learned yesterday during a visit with hand specialist Melvin Rosenwasser that he might have the two pins removed from his broken left hand Friday.
TEHRAN, Iran Sept. 21, 2004 - President Mohammad Khatami said Tuesday that Iran will continue its suspect nuclear program even if that means an end to UN oversight.
Reuters - Researchers said on Friday they have\invented an antenna that captures visible light in much the\same way that radio antennas capture radio waves.
The software package from Trend Micro, which will be free through July 2005, protects against viruses and spam and needs regular updates.
TEMPE, Ariz. -- Sometimes how you win is as significant as whether you win. Sunday was not one of those days.
CINCINNATI -- The great ones are measured by what they do in the final minutes. So far, Carson Palmer is so-so.
With each game Paul Peterson plays, and each game he wins, the comparisons to another playmaking Boston College quarterback -- some guy named Flutie -- seem inevitable.
Record-setting quarterback Ralph Barone and women's hockey standout and current coach Laura Schuler head the list of seven inductees into the Northeastern Hall of Fame.
Governors in north Nigeria introduced the criminal aspect of Islamic law for political gain, say human rights activists.
Several hundred people come out in Kathmandu to press for an end to the country's long-running civil war.
Pianist, singer and composer Billy Joel is awarded a star on Hollywood's famous Walk of Fame.
Rules out LTO as it begins the hunt for DLT's fatter successor
Sony has announced a slimmed-down PlayStation 2 in an attempt to boost sales of the console.
Kellen Winslow #39;s hyped rookie season might be over after it barely began - much like a promising season for the Cleveland Browns.
World Bank head James Wolfensohn has backed Russian President Vladimir Putin #39;s political shake-up criticised by many Western nations as limiting democracy, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday.
Marks  amp; Spencer says its sales are continuing to slide, for which it blames a poor performance for its summer clothing lines and homeware products that are too contemporary for its customers.
America Online has formally opened up its AIM instant messaging network to bot-makers with the launch of a pay-per-use AIM Bot Program targeting enterprise customers.
Manchester Uniteds 30million central defender returned from an eight-month ban for missing a drug test and looked like he had never been away.
While most of his players quietly shuffled into the clubhouse, White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen remained in the dugout Monday night and watched the rival Twins celebrate.
A far-right Colombian warlord participating in peace talks with the government was shot dead by his own men, police said on Monday, in another bloody incident that could undermine the negotiations.
AP - Nintendo Co. said Tuesday it will release its new "dual screen" portable game machine in North America on Nov. 21 and in Japan 10 days later.
AP - A Turkish construction company said Tuesday it was halting operations in neighboring Iraq to try to save the lives of 10 employees kidnapped by militants.
Ziff Davis - An online publishing company is arguing that it owns the code behind the open-source Mambo content management system and says it is prepared to pursue the matter in court.
Economists are betting that the US Federal Reserve will raise interest rates to 1.75 on Tuesday, the third rise this year.
About 400,000 public sector workers are on strike in Israel,  crippling business around the country.
The record industry must radically re-think the way it tackles pop swapping, a music conference is told.
Sony has announced a slimmed-down PlayStation 2 in an attempt to boost sales of the console.
Australian building group James Hardie Industries misled the public when it said it had set aside enough money to meet asbestos compensation claims.
Arab militias responsible for atrocities in Sudan's Darfur region now guard camps for the displaced, refugees say.
Fears grow for two Western hostages in Iraq following the beheading of their fellow captive.
Mauritania repeats its call for urgent aid to combat the largest locust plague to hit the region in over 20 years.
The UN says more than a million displaced Bosnians have now returned home - but major obstacles remain.
Housing construction in August surged to its highest level in five months, a dose of encouraging news for the economy's expansion.
Although economists have mixed opinions whether the economy has emerged, most believe it is in good enough shape for the Fed to boost rates.
If they resemble past debates, the impact this year will go well beyond a mere judgment of who won and who lost.
Dan Rather offered an apology for a report on President Bush's service, but not a personal accounting.
The EU has welcomed the approval of a rescue plan for Italy #39;s Alitalia, but shares in the loss-making airline have fallen as union and competitor 
Japan #39;s Nintendo has struck the first blow in what is set to be an all-out war with Sony for the lucrative handheld game console market, aggressively pricing its new dual 
Dow component AIG says SEC staff may recommend action against it related to past transactions. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Insurer American International Group Inc.
&lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; 30 off this and other open source titles
US scientists have found new data showing patterns of water and methane on Mars could improve the chances life once existed there.
The US space agency Nasa has awarded military and space contractor Northrop Grumman a \$400m contract to co-design its Jimo space probe to Jupiter.
Four Southern California residents pleaded innocent to conspiring to distribute more than \$30 million in counterfeit computer software and products, authorities said.
Nokia has boosted the security and functionality of its Secure Access System Secure Socket Layer virtual private network (VPN) platform.
Sports India Havana, Sep 21 : Argentine football legend Diego Maradona will be admitted to the Mental Health Centre hospital in Cuba for treatment of his cocaine addiction.
CRICKET Australia has threatened to cancel next month #39;s tour of India as tension over the television rights wrangle on the subcontinent escalates.
NEW YORKA journey from the sandlots of Venezuela to baseball #39;s biggest stage was something Blue Jays pitcher Gustavo Chacin pulled off with the help of a friend.
In recent years for Notre Dame, any victory over Michigan State has been cause for a celebration. But the Irish coaching staff wasn #39;t pleased with the fourth quarter.
A Roman Catholic priest charged with directing the killing of 2,000 of his parishioners inthe 1994 Rwandan genocide has boycotted the trial proceedings by the United 
A US conservation group has launched an advertising campaign to persuade Thais to report traders in protected wildlife. In a series of television commercials, famous models, actors and other 
The troops, who are doing humanitarian work, were due to leave by 14 December. But the deadline may be extended, according to a government spokesman.
Bogota, Colombia - The leader of a paramilitary faction involved in peace talks with the government may be among five paramilitary members killed in an ambush on Monday, authorities said.
The DVDs of the original Star Wars trilogy break a UK sales record after one day of release.
A leading astronomy group in the US voices opposition to a global 'light relay' planned for next year.
Pollen from a genetically modified grass can travel up to 21km away from its experimental planting site.
James Foley, chairman of the Computing Research Association, says major trouble stalks the nation's technology education pipeline.
Company introduces its unified network identification system and strengthens its ties to Microsoft with a similar package tailored for Windows.
The auto giant is planning one of the largest VoIP installations to date by any corporation.
ANNUAL growth in global semiconductor sales will probably fall by half in 2005 and memory chip sales growth could collapse as a supply glut saps prices, Samsung Electronics has warned.
The Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA) and Delta Air Lines Inc. have a tentative agreement to stave off an expected wave of early retirements by Delta pilots.
Concentrations of water vapor and methane gas in certain regions of the red planet strengthen speculation that Mars could be a haven for microbial life.
LOS ANGELES -- Four Southern California residents pleaded innocent to conspiring to distribute more than \$30 million in counterfeit computer software and products, authorities said.
Opera Software has announced that over 1 million copies of its Opera Mobile web browser for Symbian OS have been downloaded from the company #39;s direct download site 
The Mozilla Foundation announced yesterday there have been over one million downloads of Firefox Preview Release in less than 100 hours, after being made available on the Internet last Tuesday.
At first glance, it seems like an odd approach. Upon closer inspection, however, Michigan State may not have any other choice. The Spartans will use their disappointing 1-2 
World leaders gathered at the United Nations on Tuesday to confront an agenda dominated by new terrorist threats, a humanitarian disaster in Sudan, turmoil in Iraq 
AP - Olympic time-trial cycling champion Tyler Hamilton of the United States has apparently failed tests designed to detect a form of performance-enhancing blood transfusions.
AFP - High-tech Singapore is also proving to be high-speed, with almost 40 percent of households hooked up to the Internet via broadband technology, the government said.
Reuters - A German telecommunications company said\on Tuesday it is developing the first mobile phone that will\alert users when their breath is bad or if they are giving off\offensive smells.
 FARMINGTON, Penn. (Sports Network) - Tiger Woods announced  that he will not play in this week's 84 Lumber Classic due to  fatigue.
Reuters - Fatal attacks in Israel cause a\direct increase in the number of deadly traffic accidents --\but not until three days later, researchers said on Monday.
The Dutch government unveils its austerity budget for 2005 amid protests by the public at the plans for painful reform.
Michael Vaughan stars as England crush Australia to reach the ICC Champions Trophy final.
Word of mouth research suggest HIV figures in Uganda could be three times bigger than previous estimates.
Goldman Sachs today posted a 30 percent jump in profit for its latest quarter, helped by strong growth across its segments.
Oil prices hit a one month-high today as China showed no let-up in its demand and traders worried that U.S. inventories had drawn down heavily due to Hurricane Ivan.
Good growth plus an unappreciative investing public finally make Red Hat's stock look cheap.
The publishers of Photoshop whip up another impossible looking earnings score.
Investors should weigh shareholder unfriendliness against a stock's cheap price.
&lt;strong&gt;Letters:&lt;/strong&gt; What is the world coming to?
The Securities and Exchange Commission is considering a civil action against American International Group Inc. and its AIG Financial Products Corp.
A leading economic think-tank sees a strong recovery in the second half of the year for major industrial economies, in spite of high oil prices, and says inflation is not yet a concern.
Kiosks with Sprint Corp. #39;s brand will open at about 500 shopping malls in the next three years through an agreement with longtime partner RadioShack Corp.
Sony Corporation has come up with a smaller version of its Playstation Two game console. The book-sized PS2 will help cut costs as video-game consoles continue to drop in price.
Methane and water vapour are concentrated in the same regions of the Martian atmosphere, say scientists studying data from Europe #39;s Mars Express orbiter.
SEPTEMBER 21, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - To better position themselves to win future US government IT contracts, IBM and The Boeing Co.
Manchester United midfielder Roy Keane was charged with assault and criminal damage Tuesday over an alleged confrontation with a 16-year-old boy, Manchester police said.
Michael Vaughan found his one-day feet at last as England upset Australia by six wickets on Tuesday to reach the Champions Trophy final.
The gym I attend was buzzing with anticipation for the Monday Night matchup between The Minnesota Vikings and The Philadelphia Eagles.
SAN FRANCISCO - The Houston Astros have control over their own fate when they visit SBC Park for a three-game series against the San Francisco Giants.
MOSCOW, Idaho -- A University of Idaho football player was shot to death and police arrested two brothers from Seattle following a chase that extended halfway across Washington state.
ANAHEIM, California - The Anaheim Angels hope to gain more ground in the playoff chase when they host the Seattle Mariners in the second game of their three-game set.
(Sports Network) - The Milwaukee Brewers resume a four-game series against the NL Central champion St. Louis Cardinals tonight at Miller Park.
President Bush stressed the importance of spreading freedom in the world and defended his decision to invade Iraq in a speech Tuesday to the UN General Assembly.
A Turkish construction company said Tuesday it was halting operations in neighboring Iraq to try to save the lives of 10 employees kidnapped by militants.
AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry argues that "over a million more Americans would lose their health insurance coverage" under President Bush in a television ad the Democrat's campaign rolled out Tuesday.
 quot;The US expansion increasingly hinges on employment creation and business investment, quot; OECD chief economist Jean-Philippe Cotis told a news briefing.
Branded food and beverage maker Kraft Foods Inc. said Tuesday the Securities and Exchange Commission does not intend to recommend an enforcement action against the company in connection with the government #39;s 
Enterprise IT security consultants TruSecure and BeTrusted have merged to form a standalone managed services firm called CyberTrust.
The International Space Station will be effectively condemned if crew members cannot repair its faulty oxygen generator by the end of next month, a British space scientist has warned.
Manchester United captain Roy Keane has been charged with assault and criminal damage for a fight on September 4, police say. The Ireland international is due to appear before Trafford Magistrates 
Former Argentina captain Diego Maradona was having medical examinations in Cuba on Tuesday and received a message of support from President Fidel Castro for his latest 
The Philadelphia Eagles were the only NFL team to reach the playoffs last season after an 0-2 beginning. This time around, they #39;re making things a little easier.
(Sports Network) - The Mariners will try to get back on the winning track tonight, when they battle the Anaheim Angels in the middle test of a three- game series.
AP - After one win, defensive end Bobby Hamilton made the bold prediction that Oakland's new defense is good enough to get 12 sacks in a game.
The Transportation Security Administration announced on Tuesday that it will order domestic airlines to turn over personal information about passengers to test a system that will compare their names to those on terrorist watch lists.
An electronic device that uses spinach to convert light into electrical charge has been developed by US researchers. Shuguang Zhang at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, US, and research collaborators 
Following availability in the United States, the Voq Professional Phone is now available across Europe. The phone is now available to purchase from A  amp; C Systems 
Before I was a professional golfer, I was a golf fan. And after the performance of the US Ryder Cup team this past weekend, I am a sad and angry golf fan.
One million Bosnians, about 45 percent of those who fled during the 1992-5 war, have returned to their homes, the UN refugee agency said on Tuesday.
In the shadow of Oracle, PeopleSoft boss Craig Conway seeks to sooth customers during convention keynote.
The software maker has released a downloadable version of its financial package for consumers.
Bisys Group Inc. said Monday that the Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating its fund services unit over certain expense payments.
The unfair business practices lawsuit was set to start in November but is pushed back to Jan. 10.
AMD has expanded its family of low-voltage mobile processors designed to offer high performance, security and mobility for thin and light notebooks.
A critical Senate committee plans to vote this week on legislation that would require broadcasters to abandon their current analog TV channels and switch solely to digital transmissions by 2009.
For the first time, Americans #39; use of credit cards, debit cards and other electronic bill paying has eclipsed paper checks. The number of electronic payment transactions last year totaled 
The Federal Reserve boosted a key short-term interest rate by one-quarter percentage point Tuesday, marking the third increase this year.
A Russian ex-colonel who was jailed for strangling a Chechen girl reportedly drops his request for a pardon.
Family members of American and British hostages appealed for their lives after militants vowed to kill one of them today.
This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. EMC today announced Express Solution 
An IDC report predicts that the market will grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 20 percent to ship over 50 million units in 2008, up from just 12.
New Real Madrid coach Mariano Garcia Remon is confident he will have the support of the players in his attempt to help the glittering soccer side recover from their disappointing start to the season.
The basic issue for an upcoming bilateral meeting with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is to create understanding, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf said here Tuesday.
New Zealand has reached a major milestone in its 110-year effort to save many native birds from extinction and reintroduce them to their old mainland habitats.
Oil spills cause more than half a million water birds to die each year, according to conservationists. Rescue workers offer some birds a chance at survival.
In the shadow of Oracle, an upbeat Craig Conway seeks to sooth customers at PeopleSoft's annual convention.
We didn't listen to customers, who turned to rivals, a top exec says. Can Sun turn things around?
The wireless-enabled systems target all levels of businesses; at least one model is designed to handle intense graphic presentations. \
The server giant failed to deliver what customers asked for, execs tell a confab crowd. But that's all changed, they promise.
The new company, the product of the merger between TruSecure and Betrusted, will operate in Europe, Asia and North America.
Sprint, others hope to hear more ka-ching with "bling tones," cellular ring tones created by hip-hop artists.
Sun Microsystems Inc. will offer utility computing services priced at less than a dollar per node per hour, it announced Tuesday.
Despite Intel's support of the emerging wireless technology, some doubt its potential.
Company also says upcoming PlayStation 3 will support Blu-ray discs.
US stocks edged barely higher in early Tuesday afternoon trading as investors anticipated the Federal Reserve would stay on its course of only  quot;measured quot; interest-rate increases.
The former president of the Coca-Cola Co. was named Tuesday chief executive of Starwood Hotels and Resorts Inc., the world #39;s third-largest hotel group.
Mitsubishi has decided to stop production of LCD panels for televisions and computers. Instead the company will focus on the production of smaller LCD panels.
With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Michael Vaughan found his one-day feet at last as England stunned world champions Australia to reach the Champions Trophy final on Tuesday.
President Bush defended the US decision to invade Iraq in a United Nations General Assembly address Tuesday in which he also urged the world community to fight terrorism and promote democracy.
In Indonesia, former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is heading for a massive presidential election victory over incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri.
An Israeli missile strike killed at least two Hamas gunmen in Gaza City Monday, a day after a top commander of the Islamic militant group was killed in a similar attack 
IT security firms TruSecure and Betrusted are to merge in order to create the "biggest security services company in the world".\
These are hopeful times for those who like to think the prospects of life elsewhere are good.
Through all the recent warnings about antidepressants and children, one of the drugs seemed somehow above the fray: Prozac. But is it really that different?
For single women who want children, egg freezing may be a reproductive insurance policy.
The Panama Canal linked more than the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans: it also connected rivers that had been separated by the Continental Divide.
AP - The prosecutor who brought rape charges against Kobe Bryant has joined news organizations in opposing an attempt by the NBA star's attorney to permanently seal evidence and documents in the case.
The business applications maker will integrate its technology more closely with infrastructure software from Big Blue.
NORTHFIELD, Ill. The SEC won #39;t recommend enforcement action against Kraft Foods for allegedly helping the Fleming Companies inflate revenue.
European stocks moved cautiously higher Tuesday, with the retail sector getting a leg up from some stellar first-half numbers from UK grocer Tesco.
Global software makers are looking to China as a new center for research efforts, seeking to take advantage of cheap programming talent despite nagging intellectual property concerns.
Mitsubishi Electric plans to stop producing LCD panels for television sets and personal computers and shift to smaller panels for cellular phones and industrial equipment 
The death toll from Tropical Storm Jeanne has more than doubled in Haiti, and it is still climbing. More than 600 people have died since the vicious storm tore across the impoverished island.
Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum in New York granted Martha Stewart #39;s request to be assigned to a prison camp in Danbury, Connecticut.
With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Port25 has released a new version of its PowerMTA, geared to address E-mail-authentication specs and accreditation services. By Thomas Claburn.
com September 21, 2004, 10:08 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Militants killed a second American  captive in Iraq after a 24-hour deadline passed on Tuesday, a  Web site statement and Arab television said.
AP - Nintendo Co. and Sony Corp. made separate product announcements Tuesday that the video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
NewsFactor - Nokia (NYSE: NOK) has upgraded the security and functionality of its Secure Access System virtual private network (VPN) platform.
The company's Q2 earnings beat estimates, but Brazilian legal problems continue.
The business applications maker will integrate its technology more closely with infrastructure software from Big Blue.
The server maker plans to hold a series of technical workshops  geared for developers that work at financial institutions.\
The personal communications management service debuts in the north-eastern United States.
Plug Power Inc., a maker of on-site power generation systems for commercial and residential dwellings, on Tuesday said Tyco Electronics Power Systems Inc.
Olympic champion Tyler Hamilton said on Tuesday he was  quot;100 percent innocent quot; as the Phonak rider responded to testing positive for blood transfusions.
The postponement of two games combined with several enigmatic performances by rumored contenders only served to muddle the Conference USA title picture heading into Week 4. Fortunately, the 
AP - Minnesota Vikings right tackle Mike Rosenthal is likely out for the season with an injury to his right foot.
AFP - The National Basketball Association's Utah Jazz will retire the jersey number of retired star guard John Stockton, the club announced.
AP - Mexico's government will greet the Dalai Lama as a religious leader  #151; not as a politician  #151; a top official said Tuesday.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar extended its losses on  Tuesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as  expected but signaled that both inflation and inflation  expectations were easing.
Tyler Hamilton strongly denied today that he had used illegal performance-enhancing blood transfusions in Athens.
Tiger Woods was so exhausted from the Ryder Cup that he withdrew from this week #39;s 84 Lumber Classic in the greater Pittsburgh area.
AP - They say that opposites attract, and in the case of Sen. John Kerry and Teresa Heinz Kerry, that may be true  #151; at least in their public personas.
Jakarta stocks end on record highs as incoming results show Susilo Yudhoyono will be Indonesia's next leader.
Paramilitary leaders demanded an investigation into the killing of one of their top commanders in an ambush, saying Tuesday that his slaying endangered the peace process with the government.
roundup Plus: Sun makes financial pitch...PeopleSoft-Oracle trial delayed...IBM, Boeing team up for defense work.
It's getting harder to shrink chips, but Samsung has prototypes that show that the relentless pace of the industry continues.
For the second time in a year, telecommunications equipment maker Lucent Technologies Inc. is reducing benefits promised to thousands of its retirees.
The Minnesota Twins clinched their third straight American League Central Division title Monday, beating the Chicago White Sox, 8-2.
MOSCOW, Idaho Two brothers from Seattle are jailed in Colfax as authorities investigate the fatal shooting of a University of Idaho football player in Moscow.
India and Pakistani Foreign Ministers met in New Delhi for two days on September 5-6 to resolve outstanding bilateral disputes including the Kashmir dispute.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar extended its losses on  Tuesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as  expected but signaled that both inflation and inflation  expectations were easing.
The dollar extended its losses on Tuesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as expected but signaled that both inflation and inflation expectations were easing.
Fiat (FIA.MI: Quote, Profile, Research) does not plan to delay any further a contested option allowing it to sell car unit Fiat Auto to partner General Motors Corp 
Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty has unveiled plans for a major expansion of Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport that will add around 40,000 permanent jobs.
Ask Jeeves Inc. is getting personal with Web search and trying to leapfrog its bigger competitors in the process. The Emeryville, Calif.
No longer confined to technology fans and those ahead of the curve, MP3 players are entering mainstream society as prices fall and general consumers get used to them.
Federal Aviation Administration officials need more oversight of operational systems for the air traffic control system and should do a better job of implementing process improvement methods for information technology projects, congressional auditors said 
AP - John Stockton's No. 12 will be retired by the Utah Jazz in November, honoring a point guard who spent his entire 19-year career with the team.
PC World - Online giant teams up with RSA Security to keep users' account info safe.
AP - A University of Idaho football player was shot to death and police arrested two brothers from Seattle after a car chase that extended across two states.
AP - Federal regulators are investigating General Motors Corp. minivans after getting reports that people have been injured by automatic sliding doors.
Reuters - Iraq on Tuesday accused Kuwait and other\neighbors of inflating their already massive claims for\environmental damage due to its 1990 invasion and the Gulf War.
Martha Stewart wants to do the jail time and a federal judge acquiesced on Tuesday, giving the home-making icon until Oct. 8 to report to prison.
It #39;s not hard to pinpoint the Tampa Bay Buccaneers #39; biggest problem as they are off to the NFC South #39;s only 0-2 start.
Militants in Iraq have killed the second of two US civilians they were holding hostage, according to a statement on an Islamist website.
Blood swirled in knee-deep floodwaters as workers stacked bodies outside the hospital morgue Tuesday. Carcasses of pigs, goats and dogs and pieces of smashed furniture floated 
Minnesota Vikings right tackle Mike Rosenthal is likely out for the season with an injury to his right foot.
John Stockton #39;s No. 12 will be retired by the Utah Jazz in November, honoring a point guard who spent his entire 19-year career with the team.
The road no longer looks so long to the Seattle Seahawks after wins on consecutive cross-country trips on which they logged nearly 10,000 miles.
Reuters - Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt\was taken to hospital late on Tuesday after a car accident,\Belga news agency reported.
AP - Housing construction in August surged to its highest level in five months, a dose of encouraging news for the economy's expansion.
Atari first with game that takes advantage of features such as more realistic graphics. But OS to run it won't appear till 2005.
The requirement is part of a trial run of a computer system that's supposed to ID terrorists before they can board the plane.
John Becker, the CEO of newly formed Cybertrust Inc., talks about the company's plan to deliver a range of risk management services for enterprise users.
HP has formed a new division within its Enterprise Storage and Servers Group designed to unify its blade system development efforts.
Through a 10-year alliance announced yesterday, the two companies will develop advanced digital communications and information technologies for current and future Department of Defense and intelligence systems.
While some users applauded Microsoft's announcement of its Data Protection Server, others said proven storage backup vendors already have far more mature products.
The gap between the reading and literacy achievements of primary school boys and girls continues to grow in New Zealand, according to a new report.
With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Worldwide market of compressed audio player, also known as MP3 player, is expected to reach nearly 58 billion US dollars in revenues by 2008, according a study released Tuesday by IDC.
The much-hyped battle between two of the best wide receivers looked like a draw on paper, but it was Terrell Owens and the Philadelphia Eagles who were 
AP - Olympic cycling champion Tyler Hamilton declared his innocence Tuesday while awaiting results of backup tests for possible blood doping that could cost him the gold medal.
AP - Phil Mickelson has a green jacket in his closet to remind him this has been a great year. It just might not seem that way right now.
Five years after 'liberation,' UN officials are again working on a plan for the political status of the province.
Israel agreed last week to pay settlers in the Gaza Strip who voluntarily leave up to \$500,000.
Next month the European Union will hear a progress report on Turkish membership.
Joint work with IBM is part of strategy to deliver apps that let customers use Web services to build adaptable service-oriented architectures.
University of Idaho football players will wear a decal with the initials of slain teammate Eric McMillan on their helmets when they play at Oregon on Saturday, coach Nick Holt said Tuesday.
Tennessee coach Phillip Fulmer compared losing linebacker Kevin Simon to a knee injury this week to the loss of tailback Jamal Lewis in 1998.
Market research firm IDC on Tuesday reported that broad consumer acceptance of MP3 players is expected to grow the market from 12.
Turkish construction company Vinsan said last night that it was halting operations in Iraq in a bid to save the lives of 10 employees kidnapped by militants.
In the afternoon, Brian Clough, unquestionably one of the greats and unarguably one of the most controversial of football men, died of cancer.
Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - Kansas City Chiefs running back Priest Holmes is questionable for Sunday #39;s game against Houston because of a sprained ankle.
AP - Cy Young Award winner Roy Halladay was activated from the 15-day disabled list and returned to the Toronto Blue Jays to start Tuesday night against the New York Yankees.
Canadian Press - QUEBEC (CP) - Able-bodied young people who live with their parents will see their monthly welfare payments cut next year, the Quebec government announced Tuesday.
AP - Details of a new television ad from Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry to begin airing this week:
com. While recording and film industry interests have hammered away at the sharing of music and videos files over the Internet, the creative artists who actually produce the content welcome the Internet 
TOKYO Sony on Tuesday showed a smaller, book-size PlayStation 2 that will go on sale worldwide next month as it fights to keep the lead in the competitive video game market.
While America Online, Microsoft, and the open-source community agree to disagree about E-mail-authentication standards, some companies are stepping up to bridge the divide.
Andy Roddick, Mardy Fish and the Bryan Brothers, Bob and Mike, will again represent their country in Charleston, SC, as the United States plays host to Belarus in the semifinals.
The nationwide public sector strike which began yesterday morning has already affected some 24,000 would-be international travelers.
Maggie Wilderotter, leader of the software maker's government sales effort, is leaving to be CEO of a rural telecommunications company.
Chipmaker will pay Big Blue nearly \$300 million, but move should help in competition with Intel.
Graphics could be more realistic in new version of Atari's "Shadow Ops." But OS to run it won't appear till 2005.
Company has officially entered content switching market with Nauticus gear--but critics say success is far from guaranteed.
The carrier recruits Intel, Cisco Systems and other major players to create VoIP phone gear and applications.
Ziff Davis - Sun's plans to offer Solaris code to the open-source community leaves some analysts scratching their heads.
Business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. strengthened its ties with technology giant IBM Corp. on Tuesday, hoping to boost its recently sagging sales as it continues to fight Oracle Corp.
West Brom manager Gary Megson was left to rue his side #39;s missed chances after the Baggies crashed out of the Carling Cup in extra time at Colchester.
Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Houston Rockets guard Bob Sura underwent surgery Tuesday to repair a herniated disk in his lower back.
Ten years later, Peter Forsberg was back in the Swedish Elite League as his hometown team Modo tied Brynas 3-3 on the road in their opener Tuesday.
After much fanfare last week over Tiger Woods's decision to play at Nemacolin Woodlands Resort in Pennsylvania, his agent said he was worn out from the Ryder Cup.
&lt;strong&gt;Storage Decisions&lt;/strong&gt; Lords of the code
A rescue plan aimed at saving Italian airline Alitalia is a good sign for the future of the loss-making flag carrier, the EU #39;s top transport official has said.
SAN FRANCISCO A baseball source says the San Francisco Giants are dropping their right to void the final year of their contract with Barry Bonds.
Secretary General Kofi Annan opened the annual United Nations debate of world leaders today with a plea for greater observance of international law and a reminder 
Microsoft said it would speed up SP2 distribution to meet its self-imposed goals, having distributed just one-fifth of its planned installations a month after launch.
AP - The United States will sell Israel nearly 5,000 smart bombs in one of the largest weapons deals between the allies in years, Israeli military officials said Tuesday.
AFP - Houston Rockets guard Bob Sura underwent successful surgery to repair a herniated lower back disk but will miss the start of the National Basketball Association season, the club revealed.
The UK's first stand-alone Islamic High Street bank,  aimed at the UK's 1.8 million Muslims opens in London on Wednesday.
Microsoft will accelerate SP2 distribution  to meet goal of 100 million downloads in two months.
Chipmaker will pay Big Blue nearly \$300 million, but move should help in competition with Intel.
Nintendo Co. and Sony Corp. (SNE) made separate product announcements Tuesday that the video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
ROME: After winning union backing for job cuts, Alitalia has given formal approval to a four-year business plan aimed at saving the near-bankrupt Italian carrier from collapse.
Online music company eMusic on Tuesday said it was revamping its service to provide commentary and reviews to complement its catalog of more than 500,000 tracks from independent labels.
Phil Mickelson has a green jacket in his closet to remind him this has been a great year. It just might not seem that way right now.
Ryan Giggs joined elite company when he made his 600th appearance for Manchester United in their Premiership victory over Liverpool.
Tired of combing the Net for the right tech job? A start-up says its program can do it--and better than online job boards.
AP - Jets defensive end John Abraham will miss Sunday's game at Pittsburgh with a sprained ligament in his right knee.
Microsoft may make more large acquisitions than it has done before and become a more distributed company rather than moving key employees to its headquarters, said chief financial officer John Connors.
AP - There was no extra security around the Oakland bullpen Tuesday night for the start of a three-game series in Texas, and that didn't concern the Athletics.
AP - Anticipated global warming by mid-century may be less severe in the central U.S. than elsewhere in the country, researchers said Tuesday.
AP - An Ohio company has found a niche by converting yellow school buses into hands-on laboratories as a highly mobile way to try to get students excited about science.
Tired of combing the Net for the right tech job? A start-up says its program can do it--and better than online job boards.
Microsoft Corp. has appointed a new leader for its Worldwide Public Sector group, which plays a key role in its efforts to counter competition from open source software in government and education markets.
Looking for a comeback on Wall Street, Sun Microsystems is trying to lure financial services companies back to the fold with promotional bundles of hardware and software for companies 
Former soccer great Diego Maradona spent Tuesday undergoing a general medical checkup in Havana after returning to Cuba to resume treatment for cocaine addiction.
If Tiger Woods has endured a more challenging year as a professional golfer, he cannot recall when that was.
Reuters - The balding young man with the\black beard raised his hands to cover his face as three\visitors entered the room.
 BALTIMORE (Sports Network) - Baltimore signed Marques  Ogden, brother of Ravens All-Pro tackle Jonathan Ogden to the  club's practice squad on Tuesday.
Seeking to boost its relevance, Sun Microsystems pursues the grid model of computing.
Senators threaten to enact an opt-in rule. Wireless carriers say it's not necessary because they're doing just that.
AP - John Kerry cut his campaign spending sharply last month in an effort to stretch  #36;75 million in government funding, but he still started September with several million less than President Bush.
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Al Qaeda-linked militants said they had  killed a second American hostage and threatened to kill a  Briton unless women prisoners in Iraq were freed.
Defying a U.N., Iran began enriching uranium for what it says is a power project, but the gas could be refined to use for bombs.
AP - Look no farther than the Bayou State for the major developments in the AP women's basketball poll: LSU is unanimous, while Louisiana Tech is out.
Sun Microsystems on Tuesday took what it says are early steps toward a future in which computing power is sold as a commodity like electricity.
Tyler Hamilton, the American bicycle racer who won a gold medal in the individual time trial at the Olympics last month in Athens, is suspected of receiving illegal performance 
Hot favourites the US will seek to restore lost American pride when they take on Belarus in a Davis Cup semi-final starting on Friday.
Pitcher Mark Prior said the Cubs have survived the early part of the season-ending road trip, and promised good things to come as the team winds up the regular season at home.
President George W Bush delivered an unapologetic defence of his record before the United Nations yesterday, saying there was no security in looking away from threats to global security.
Syria will withdraw fully from Lebanon only after Israel ends its occupation of all Arab lands, Lebanese Defense Minister Mahmoud Hammoud declared yesterday.
Coles Myer Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest retailer, said full-year profit rose 44 percent after boosting sales, cutting costs and increasing earnings at its department stores.
Nintendo Co. of Redmond, Wash., says its new hand-held videogame device will be available in the United States in time for the holiday retail season.
Despite enduring his worst season since turning professional nine years ago, Tiger Woods says he is on track to overtake Jack Nicklaus #39;s haul of 18 major championship victories.
Rangers team officials did not think it was necessary to assign extra security for the Oakland bullpen to keep hecklers away from Athletics relievers during Tuesday night #39;s game.
Oil prices held firm on Tuesday as China showed no let-up in its strong import growth and US Gulf producers reported damage to offshore rigs from Hurricane Ivan.
GamesAreFun has screenshots and info on the upcoming PStwo that will be released in the US on November 1. In other Playstation news, Yahoo!
Reuters - Al Qaeda-linked militants said they had\killed a second American hostage and threatened to kill a\Briton unless women prisoners in Iraq were freed.
Reuters - Cleveland Browns tight end\Kellen Winslow, defensive end Courtney Brown and cornerback\Daylon McCutcheon all had surgery Tuesday.
More Americans are quitting their jobs and taking the risk of starting a business despite a still-lackluster job market.
roundup Plus: Verizon sets up Iobi Home...Sun makes financial pitch...PeopleSoft-Oracle trial delayed.
Illinois head coach Ron Turner expects Jon Beutjer to be in the starting lineup when the Illini start Big Ten play Saturday against No.
Tough anti-gun laws take effect in Brazil, to curb what the UN says is the world's fourth-highest murder rate.
Former Mexican pop star Gloria Trevi is cleared of sex abuse charges on the grounds of insufficient evidence.
Former top US officials warn against election year rush to reform US intelligence agencies.
The presidential candidates' opposed images of the war reflect opposed strategies for the final weeks of the campaign.
The group led by the Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi said that it would release a video of the second killing soon.
NEW YORK-The Iraqi and Afghan leaders both asked Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi to continue assisting their war-ravaged countries, Japanese officials said Tuesday.
The Capitals join several teams in announcing the cancellation of the preseason and some regular season games on Tuesday.
With an NHL lockout in place, more than 150 of the league's players have signed to play for European teams.
Versatile Mike Imoh returns to Virginia Tech for Saturday's pivotal game against N.C. State after serving a three-game suspension.
After much fanfare last week over Tiger Woods's decision to play in this week's 84 Lumber Classic, his agent said Tuesday that he was worn out from the Ryder Cup.
A University of Idaho football player was shot to death, and police arrested two brothers from Seattle after a car chase that extended across two states.
The Vikings drove the ball impressively on a tough Philadelphia Eagles defense, but their red zone failures left Minnesota short of victory, long on respect.
Redskins backup quarterback Patrick Ramsey took an abundance of the snaps during practice Tuesday and remains likely to start Monday's game against Dallas at FedEx Field.
Marks  amp; Spencer yesterday revealed a further deterioration in trade - with dire new sales figures for its fashion, food and homewares - as it launched a 2.
Deutsche Bank is streamlining the management of its investment banking arm, raising fears that jobs may be lost in the City. The German bank is reducing the number of executives running its investment banking 
Tesco demonstrated its position as the country #39;s biggest supermarket chain yesterday with a 24 rise in interim profits and its fastest sales growth in almost 10 years.
The Mars rovers emerged from a communications blackout period and the low point of winter today with new funding and big plans for the journey ahead.
The St. Louis Cardinals and Minnesota Twins, who celebrated clinching the NL and AL Central Division titles on Monday, have the same agenda the last two weeks of the season 
AP - Italian and Lebanese authorities have arrested 10 suspected terrorists who planned to blow up the Italian Embassy in Beirut, an Italian news agency and the Defense Ministry said Tuesday.
AP - Prodded by a lawsuit, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has agreed to designate critical habitat for the endangered Hine's emerald dragonfly.
Give the Vikings all the yards they wanted, just not a big play. The formula worked to perfection in the Eagles' 27-16 victory Monday night.
The defense secretary also cautioned that any final decision hinged on the progress of Iraq's new government.
Bloggers enjoy a moment of glory after pooling their expertise to uncover the truth about the forged memos on Bush #39;s service record.
Tournament officials of the 84 Lumber Classic confirmed on Tuesday that Woods has withdrawn from the event, which is scheduled to begin Thursday.
Manchester United captain Roy Keane was charged with assault and criminal damage on Tuesday for a fight on September 4, police said.
LONDON: Nottingham Forest remembered Brian Clough as the architect of one of the great football achievements of all time after their former manager died from stomach cancer on Monday, aged 69.
AP - NASA thinks its Mars rovers just might keep going and going and going. The space agency has funded another extension of their mission, for an additional six months, if they last.
AFP - On one side is Sydney Harbour Bridge, on the other Sydney Opera House and the relaxed faces give little indication that this area is probably Australia's prime terrorist target.
AP - A government crackdown on illegal immigration in southern Arizona will continue beyond Sept. 30, the day the initiative was supposed to wrap up, a top Homeland Security official said Tuesday.
NEW YORK Martha Stewart must report to prison in less than three weeks, a federal judge ruled yesterday in granting her request to begin serving her sentence for lying about a stock sale.
Despite Microsoft #39;s many woes, the honchos got a bump this year. Considering the company #39;s outlook, their next may be a ways off.
Information security firms TruSecure and Betrusted are expected to merge today, creating Cybertrust, one of the world #39;s largest privately owned security groups.
Roma have paid a high price for the violent incident midway through their Champions League match against Dynamo Kiev last week. UEFA have acted severely in defence of their injured referee 
Figures show a fall in Japan's trade surplus, casting a shadow over the country's export-led recovery.
The R24 has undergone several revisions ahead of the Chinese Grand Prix. Technical Director Bob Bell explains what's new.
Rumors spread that Major League Baseball is edging closer to moving the Expos to Washington as D.C. officials announce plans for a stadium on the Anacostia waterfront.
Third-quarter results from Goldman Sachs and Lehman Brothers point to many difficult months ahead for Wall Street.
The Federal Reserve boosted a key short-term interest rate by one-quarter percentage point today, marking the third increase this year.
The Nintendo DS, which is geared for adults and older teenage video game players, has wireless capability for the Internet and two display screens.
Belgian prime minister Guy Verhofstadt is recovering in hospital today, after his chauffeur-driven car crashed into a concrete pillar near his home and overturned several times.
AP - 1911  #151; Cy Young, 44, beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 1-0 for his 511th and final major league victory.
The government is paying hundreds of millions of dollars in unnecessary subsidies to student loan companies even though the White House has the authority to cut them off.
Australia are backing England to go on to win the ICC Champions Trophy after losing their one-day stranglehold over their arch rivals yesterday.
The Angels suffered a huge blow to their playoff chances Tuesday when they learned that second baseman Adam Kennedy suffered a season-ending knee injury in Monday night #39;s game.
Glaciers once held up by a floating ice shelf off Antarctica are now sliding off into the sea -- and they are going fast, scientists said on Tuesday.
Microsoft on Sunday expanded its controversial Government Security Program to allow governments that Microsoft trusts to review the source code of Microsoft Office.
THE 59th session of the UN General Assembly got underway in New York yesterday amid growing anxieties over grinding poverty faced by billions of souls and the fuel it provides for terrorism 
A London-to-Washington flight is diverted after a security alert involving the singer formerly known as Cat Stevens.
Disney directors said they would hire an executive search firm immediately and name a successor by June to replace Michael D. Eisner, the current chief executive.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) yesterday offered an optimistic assessment of prospects for the world #39;s leading industrialised economies.
In a shift in strategy, Nintendo was expected to announce yesterday that it plans to begin selling its next generation of hand-held video game devices in the US in time for the Christmas season.
PeopleSoft announced a broad partnership with IBM on Tuesday, in an attempt to show that it is moving forward aggressively despite the turmoil created by Oracle #39;s \$7.
It was the first public allegation that CBS News used forged memos in its report questioning President Bush #39;s National Guard service -- a highly technical 
Maggie Wilderotter, a Microsoft Corp. executive in charge of cultivating and improving relationships with governments and education groups, is leaving the company after nearly two years.
Deutsche Bank shuffled the ranks in its executive suite on Tuesday, putting more power into the hands of two prominent investment bankers based in London, but also naming 
Jamie Dimon waited less than three months after becoming president of JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co. to install as finance chief a banker he worked with for more than a decade.
Analysts at IDC say the market could grow from the 12.5 million units shipped last year, predicting a compound growth rate of 20 per cent each year.
AP - Barry Bonds praised his teammates for their clutch play while he's been busy walking all season, then watched them go out and do most of the work Tuesday night.
Pirates reliever Salomon Torres' wild pitch scores the go-ahead run for the Cubs in the 10th inning as Chicago defeats Pittsburgh, 5-4, on Tuesday.
Although he may face strong competition from rivals outside the company, Walt Disney Co. president and chief operating officer Robert Iger was assured by Disney #39;s board of directors Tuesday 
NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- The Securities and Exchange Commission is considering charging American International Group for violating federal securities laws, the insurer said Tuesday.
A FILING WITH the Securities and Exchange Commission shows that AMD has extended its existing deal with IBM. According to Investors.
Prior to the release of Windows XP Service Pack 2, Microsoft set a goal of having 100 million copies distributed through its automatic update (Windows Update downloads not included).
Search marketing is increasingly global, but a local focus is still vital to achieve your goals.  What does it take to have a successful search marketing campaign in Europe?
LOS ANGELES Grocery giant Albertsons says it has purchased Bristol Farms, which operates eleven upscale stores in Southern California.
There is no scientific evidence that mobile phone use or exposure to base stations below internationally accepted levels pose a health risk, radiation authorities in the Nordic countries said on Tuesday.
MADRID - Tyler Hamilton, US Olympic time-trial cycling champion, had apparently failed tests to detect performance-enhancing blood transfusions, his Phonak team said yesterday .
PeopleSoft's partnership with I.B.M. is an attempt to show that it is moving forward aggressively despite the turmoil created by Oracle's hostile takeover bid.
Sony and Nintendo made separate product announcements ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
AFP - Filmmaking is still largely a man's domain, if the offerings of the San Sebastian film festival in Spanish and similar events are anything to go by.
AP - A group of some 40 fishermen hurled rocks at park rangers who have been blocking the entrance to research stations on the Galapagos Islands in protest of the replacement of their director.
\Brazil, Germany, Japan and India launch a joint bid for permanent seats on the UN Security Council.
Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is to hold talks with President Bush in New York on the war against terror.
BIG TIN firm Sun is planning a brave new world where computing power is sold as a commodity and spare capacity is flogged off to other companies.
PASADENA, CALIF. - The twin Martian robotic rovers Spirit and Opportunity will explore the Red Planet for another six months, NASA said Tuesday.
Verizon Communications on Tuesday launched its Iobi service that merges regular telephone lines with Internet-based features such as voice messages available through e-mail and automatic call forwarding.
Spiezio made his first major contribution to the Mariners in over three months, driving in four runs in a 7-3 victory over the Anaheim Angels last night.
Reports suggest an Iraqi woman scientist may be freed, as militants reportedly kill a second US hostage.
AFP - As many as five million deaths are caused by air pollution every year in India, the country's junior Environment and Forest Minister Namo Narayan Meena said.
World champion Michael Schumacher arrived in Shanghai on Wednesday, along with a host of other Formula One stars, as preparations got underway for the debut of the Chinese Grand Prix.
At the opening of the 59th UN General Assembly, Bush talked up the scheduled elections in the country and talked again of his vision of a democratic Middle East.
NEW YORK - President Pervez Musharraf Musharraf said Monday that Pakistan was committed to ridding the country of terrorist groups and their supporters.
The Anglo-Dutch oil firm sets out to woo investors by explaining how it will boost its oil reserves at an analysts' briefing on Wednesday.
Jaguar workers will lobby Ford bosses at the Paris Motor Show over the threatened closure of the Browns Lane plant.
The mastermind of the Sept. 11 attacks was granted an Australian visa a month before the attacks, using one of 24 aliases that let him slip through the system.
After winning union acceptance of job cuts, Alitalia gave formal approval Monday to a four-year business plan aimed at saving the near-bankrupt Italian airline from collapse.
Findings in the Martian atmosphere by the European Mars Express spacecraft orbiting the red planet correspond to areas where the US Mars Odyssey spacecraft has detected possible water ice just beneath the surface.
QUESTION: What is the best approach to protecting me from ID theft and related activities? Will a software package work best, or must I go to a hardware firewall?
THE REPUBLIC of Ireland is to block direct dial telephone calls to 13 countries in an effort to crack down on growing internet scams.
President Bush stood before an annual gathering of world leaders yesterday and forcefully defended his decision to invade Iraq, urging all 
Australian Prime Minister John Howard tried to reassure nervous Asian neighbors on Tuesday after saying he wanted to strike terror threats at the source, a key difference with opposition Labor before an Oct.
An Israeli Labour court ordered tens of thousands of state employees back to work today. But the Histadrut Labour Federation said the workers would continue to strike until their demands are met.
For the second time in a year, telecommunications equipment maker Lucent Technologies Inc. is reducing benefits promised to retirees.
The last time I met Marwan Barghouti, along with other notable Palestinians, I joked how impressive it was to see so many leading minds of the Palestinians together.
AP - An explosion rocked a commercial district in western Baghdad on Wednesday, killing one person and wounding 47, authorities said.
AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova advanced to the quarterfinals of the China Open on Wednesday, routing fellow Russian Tatiana Panova 6-1, 6-1.
You know who you are. The ones who choose the right path. The ones who perform at a competitive disadvantage. The ones who refuse to alter your bodies with performance-enhancing drugs.
The Asian Development Bank raises its forecast for regional growth to 7 in 2004, up from an earlier forecast of 6.8.
A car bomb explodes in  western Baghdad, causing at least two deaths and much damage, reports say.
Indonesia's Susilo Yudhoyono remains on course to become the country's next president, with 75 of votes counted.
Disney Chairman George Mitchell on Tuesday called Chief Operating Officer Robert A. Iger the only internal candidate to replace Michael D. Eisner as chief executive officer but 
an October 9 election, according to a poll trend, as terror fears overshadow a closely fought campaign. repeatedly over the US-led war on Iraq.
The Federal Reserve yesterday boosted its key interest rate for the third time in as many months, signaling the economy has rebounded from its recent struggles and inflation remains in check.
Nintendo said yesterday its new flashy handheld game player, the Nintendo DS, will be ready for the all-important holiday shopping season.
The US Justice Department has agreed to defer prosecution of Computer Associates International Inc. (CA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) in its long-running investigation of accounting fraud 
Any release from Microsoft brings a lot of questions. But since Windows XP Service Pack 2 came out in August, it has been particularly active.
Manchester United midfielder Roy Keane was on Wednesday charged with assault and criminal damage over an alleged confrontation with a 16-year-old boy, police said.
UEFA imposes sanctions against AS Roma: Dynamo Kiev was given a 3-0 forfeit victory over AS Roma yesterday by Europe #39;s governing body for the sport.
After losing 14 straight in Miami, the Phils, led by Cory Lidle #39;s stellar pitching, triumphed over the Marlins. By Todd Zolecki.
President George W. Bush told skeptical foreign leaders and envoys Tuesday that Iraq was on its way to stability and democracy and called for  quot;a new definition of security 
Baghdad - Iraqi authorities together with United States forces have decided to free one of only two high-profile women prisoners currently in American custody, a ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday.
In this nation beset by violence, disease and environmental devastation, weary relief workers struggled yesterday to gauge the magnitude of the latest disaster 
Masai herders in Kenya have begun cutting fences and marching their livestock onto the private ranchland of white settlers, where wildlife thrives.
With a league game against Chelsea on the horizon, Arsenal begin a tough couple of weeks with a vitally important clash against Rosenborg on Tuesday night.
Dodger Adrian Beltre is the third third baseman to hit at least 47 homers. Mike Schmidt hit 48 in 1980, and Eddie Mathews had 47 in 1953.
Drew Bledsoe's play may have fallen off since his New England days, but he will always get a mulligan with friends like Patriots linebacker Ted Johnson .
Trevor Pryce came into training camp in the best shape of his life. It didn't do him much good.
A Boston developer will break ground today on a North End condominium complex he is marketing as one of the first new residential construction projects in the historic neighborhood in more than a century.
Delta Air Lines passengers are facing long, hungry hours in the skies after the airline's main food vendor cut off service yesterday because of a contract dispute.
Housing construction in August jumped to its highest level in five months, a dose of encouraging news for the economy's expansion.
Oil prices hit a one-month high of \$47 a barrel yesterday as traders worried that US petroleum inventories had drawn down heavily due to Hurricane Ivan.
Nintendo Co. and Sony Corp. made separate product unveilings yesterday that the video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
The first criminal trial involving former Enron Corp. executives opened yesterday with prosecutors charging that the defendants conspired with Wall Street bankers to carry out a sham transaction.
The county that is home to the Food and Drug Administration took a first step yesterday toward buying prescription drugs from Canada, despite FDA warnings that such a practice would be illegal.
City will build the world's largest mesh Wi-Fi network to spread Internet access.
Asian economies are heading for robust economic growth in 2004, followed by a slight slowdown in 2005, the Asian Development Bank has said.
Housing construction in August jumped to its highest level in five months, a dose of encouraging news for the economy #39;s expansion.
Cami Automotive in Ingersoll will spend \$100 million next year to add production capacity, the first step in what workers hope will be an expansion of jobs.
com September 21, 2004, 3:39 PM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Last year: JL Lewis closed with a course-record 62 for a two-stroke victory over Frank Lickliter, Stuart Appleby and Tim Petrovic.
UNITED NATIONSThe United States will stick to its guns in Iraq, despite increasing violence, US President George W. Bush vowed yesterday.
Openly defying the United Nations nuclear watchdog, Iran announced yesterday that it has begun converting large quantities of raw uranium 
Blood swirled in knee-deep flood waters as workers stacked bodies outside the hospital morgue yesterday. Carcasses of pigs, goats, and 
NEW YORK: Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf has ruled out any talks regarding the re-adjustment of the Line of Control in Kashmir.
PowerNow has been included in all Opteron chips that have been on the market since mid May, but the feature cannot be used until instructions are built into the operating system.
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is considered a steady, broadly educated man who supports the secular tradition of Indonesia.
One would think being part of a cartel that controls 75 of the dynamic random access memory market would be enough clout to help turn a profit.
NASA, Canadian, and European satellites have observed worrying increases in the flow of glaciers into the open ocean, following the breakup of ice shelves in Antarctica.
After taking a haymaker that deprived them of victory when they were one strike away, the Boston Red Sox refused to stay down. They bounced right back in the last of the ninth, pulling 
NEW YORK -- US President George W. Bush yesterday scolded the United Nations for failing to join his crackdown on  quot;murderers.
Crude oil futures were little changed close to a one-month high on concern Russian exports will be disrupted after utilities cut some power supplies to OAO Yukos Oil Co.
Legends are everywhere these days if you believe the media. We journalists are so fond of hyperbole that we elevate everyone who is anyone up to the level of genius.
CHICAGO -- Nothing fazes the Minnesota Twins. Threatened with contraction three years ago, they ran away with the AL Central title.
PC World - City will build the world's largest mesh Wi-Fi network to spread Internet access.
The government in Nigeria's north-eastern Borno state holds an emergency meeting after raids by the "Taleban" militia leave four dead.
The Bush administration has proposed reducing the value of subsidized-housing vouchers in New York City and some urban areas of New England.
AP - A cow in southern Italy has tested positive for mad cow disease, raising to 124 the number of cases detected in the country since testing began in 2001, the Health Ministry said Monday.
The number of Iranian bloggers passes 10,000 as internet users seek to protest against media censorship.
AFP - An Al-Qaeda linked group in Iraq holding Briton Kenneth Bigley has renewed a threat to kill him unless London meets the kidnappers' demands.
BASEBALL Arizona (NL): Signed a two-year player development agreement with Tennessee (Southern).
Bowing to pressure from investors, Disney #39;s board of directors said yesterday that it expects to name a successor to embattled Disney chief Michael Eisner by next June.
AMD and IBM have extended their chip-manufacturing technology agreement for another three years according to investors.com. The previous deal, signed in 2002, was due to run out next year.
The executive who leads Microsoft #39;s government sales effort is leaving to become CEO of a telecommunications company, the software maker said on Tuesday.
That summed up NHL commissioner Gary Bettman #39;s appearance on a special segment of CBC #39;s The National with Peter Mansbridge last night.
A car bomb attack Wednesday in Baghdad targeting Iraqi police recruits has killed at least five people and wounded at least 47 others, Iraqi police said.
About 2,800 South Korean troops have completed deployment to northern Iraq to become the third largest coalition partner after the United States and Britain, officials said Wednesday.
PC World - A proposal for a wireless phone directory raises concerns in Congress.
TheDeal.com - Craig Conway said at PeopleSoft's annual users conference that his company will not surrender to Oracle.
A major criminal network arranging fake marriages in Britain is smashed by the Immigration Service.
Scientists are hoping that "playing" a tiny guitar string will be able to help weigh molecules to discover more about them.
Iraq promised today to release one of two high-profile women prisoners, but officials denied the decision was linked to demands by militants.
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) upgraded its gross domestic product (GDP) growth forecast for the Philippines from 5 to 5.5, it was learned Wednesday.
Oil major Total SA has signed a draft agreement to purchase a 25 percent stake, plus one share, in the privately held Russian gas producer Novatek, the French company announced Wednesday.
A car bomb exploded outside a restaurant in a busy commercial area of Baghdad on Wednesday, killing at least 11 people and wounding 40, police and hospital officials said.
Scientists are hoping that "playing" a tiny guitar string will be able to help weigh molecules to find out what they are.
As motorways become more and more clogged up with traffic, a new generation of flying cars will be needed to ferry people along skyways.
A proposal for a wireless phone directory raises concerns in Congress.
Jordan have confirmed that Timo Glock will replace Giorgio Pantano for this weekend #39;s Chinese GP as the team has terminated its contract with Pantano.
A leading internet credit card processor is under siege by a denial-of-service attack, slowing its servers and leaving many customers high and dry. By Noah Shachtman.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada is offering to send up to 500 observers to Ukraine for that country's re-run election Dec. 26.
UK insurer Norwich Union announces plans to move 950 jobs to India and Sri Lanka  over the coming year.
Higher ingredient prices and restructuring costs pushed General Mills #39; first-quarter earnings down 19 percent, the cereal giant reported Tuesday.
Some Antarctic glaciers are flowing seaward five times faster than they did just two years ago, increasing concerns about rises in sea levels resulting from the warming of Earth #39;s polar caps.
If you think Americans are pet-crazy, consider new research that finds ancient Egyptians embalmed their animals with as much care as they did humans.
The Chicago Fire has won the US Open tournament three times in its first six seasons, and Jesse Marsch has been involved in all those titles.
PARIS : Floods in Haiti have killed 600 people and left 1,000 others missing and presumed dead, Prime Minister Gerard Latortue told French radio.
AP - Terror suspects arrested for allegedly planning simultaneous bombings of the Italian Embassy and other targets in Beirut received funding from extremist cells in Europe, Lebanon's Interior Ministry said Wednesday.
AFP - Six members of the same family were hanged in Egypt after being convicted for the revenge-killing of 22 members of a rival family two years ago.
AFP - Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq won the toss and elected to bat in their ICC Champions Trophy semi-final against West Indies at the Rose Bowl here.
Aviva PLC, Britain #39;s biggest insurance company, said Wednesday it will create about 950 offshore jobs in India and Sri Lanka next year to service its UK operations.
Cisco has lifted the lid on two remote backup and disaster recovery products targeted at the growing number of companies building long-distance links between datacentres.
SEOUL : South Korea #39;s defense ministry said it had completed the deployment of around 2,800 troops on a relief and rehabilitation mission to northern Iraq.
The oldest annual US team sports competition that includes professionals is not in baseball, or football or basketball or hockey. It #39;s in soccer.
AFP - Royal Dutch/Shell announced plans to boost investment in exploration and production, making the replacement of its reserves a top priority as it seeks to restore battered investor confidence.
Anglo-Dutch oil giant Shell will attempt to restore investors #39; faith in its strategy at a briefing for oil analysts on Wednesday.
The federal government has defended its visa checking processes after it was revealed that September 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed was granted a tourist visa in 2001.
Google's planning to greatly expand the editorial guidelines it publishes online, providing everyone a better idea of what it accepts on the advertising front.
Insurance giant Norwich Union has announced plans to move its business to India in a move which will lead to compulsory redundancies in Britain.
With one stroke of a white-out brush, Barry Bonds got the security he sought and the Giants ensured their marquee attraction will be around two more years.
Reuters - Truckers drove into Manipur on Wednesday under troop protection, despite fears of attacks by protesters trying to impose a 16-day blockade, police said.
 TOKYO (Reuters) - The story leads the TV news, and everyone  from schoolchildren to the prime minister is talking about it.
An Iraqi official today said the government will release one of two women scientists being held prisoner for working on Saddam Husseins chemical weapons program.
Chicago-based Braun Consulting #39;s shares soared Tuesday after news that the professional services firm will be acquired by Minneapolis-based Fair Isaac for \$30 million.
French finance minister Nicolas Sarkozy unveils a budget with a promise to bring the deficit under control and high-profile tax breaks.
Price and coverage are the key issues affecting mobile users, a survey of European consumers finds.
Mobile phone giant Vodafone says it will introduce 10 new 3G handsets, many of which will be useable in both Europe and Japan.
Lucent Technologies Inc., one of the world #39;s biggest telecommunications equipment makers, is planning additional cuts in retiree health-care benefits, according to a published report Wednesday.
Electronics giant Sony launched a slimmed-down version of its best-selling PlayStation 2 computer games console today. The new PS2 is half the weight 
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon reacted skeptically on Wednesday to a redeployment of Syrian troops in Lebanon, saying that the move did not mean any real change in Syrian policy.
The Bank of England #39;s Monetary Policy Committee voted unanimously to keep interest rates steady at 4.75 percent earlier this month, but analysts say another 
 The brokerage firm and investment bank will report its  third-quarter earnings before the market opens. The stock  closed at \$ 90.09 on Tuesday on the New York Stock Exchange.  
The average African is worse off now than during the colonial era, says the brother of South Africa's President Thabo Mbeki.
Police make about 100 arrests in a major operation against mafia gangs in Italy. 
PeopleSoft Inc., which is fighting a hostile takeover bid from Oracle Corp., on Tuesday announced an alliance with IBM that may help ease the worries of potential customers.
The Islamic Bank of Britain, which will give the UKs 1.8 million Muslims access to a British bank which is operated in accordance with the principles 
Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\on Wednesday renewed his threat to remove Yasser Arafat, saying\the Palestinian president would "get what he deserves."
As Internet giants step into the crowded online music arena, some are banking on a new weapon to help attack market leader Apple Computer: instant messaging.
Jenson Button #39;s Formula One future looks likely to be decided by a meeting in Milan on October 16, the Williams team said on Wednesday.
Forget this wacky, complicated wild-card puzzle. The Giants ought to go for the whole kit and caboodle now and make things simple.
Iraqi authorities say at least six people were killed and more than 50 others wounded in a car bomb explosion in a commercial district in western Baghdad Wednesday.
AFP - European Union (EU) officials agreed in principle to lift an arms embargo on Libya after pressure from Italy.
The Inland Revenue pays out nearly 1m compensation to people who have suffered because of tax credit errors or delays.
Sixteen Hindus are charged with the murder of 12 Muslims in one of the most notorious incidents in riots in India two years ago.
Barry Bonds and the San Francisco Giants can reach the playoffs two ways. They certainly boosted both chances Tuesday night...
The Iraqi government said it would release one of the female prisoners whose freedom is being demanded by Islamic militant kidnappers who are threatening to kill a third Western hostage.
A new report says developing Asian economies are expected to enjoy stronger growth despite high oil prices. However, the report warns, a slowdown in China could hurt its neighbors.
Express shipping giant FedEx Corp. on Wednesday reported that first-quarter earnings more than doubled on sharply higher revenue and average daily package volumes to meet Wall Street expectations.
Zee TV today filed a writ petition in the Supreme Court seeking quashing of BCCI #39;s decision to set aside the cricket telecast rights given to it.
Direct dial telephone calls from Ireland to 13 other countries are to be blocked because of an internet fraud.
For the second time in a year, telecommunications equipment maker Lucent Technologies Inc. is reducing benefits promised to thousands of its retirees.
Adelphia Communications Corp., the nation's fifth-largest cable television operator, plans to sell its assets in seven geographic clusters as it emerges from bankruptcy.
By MATTHEW FORDAHL    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- After years of battling Microsoft Corp...
Iran's conservative-dominated parliament votes to give itself a veto over foreign deals struck by reformist President Mohammad Khatami.
There are warnings of a serious outbreak of disease in Haiti following the recent devastating floods.
Nintendo hopes to hold its advantage over Sony in the handheld game console market, by selling its DS model for half the price of the new PlayStation Portable.
Ireland is to block direct dialling to 13 countries, mostly in the South Pacific, to combat the growing menace of rogue autdiallers.
NASAs Mars rovers have had their missions extended by a further six months after weathering the Martian winter solstice, NASA announced on Tuesday.
The Lebanese government says it has arrested an al-Qaeda cell planning to bomb Italy's embassy in Beirut.
The collapse of an Antarctic ice shelf two years ago has accelerated the flow of glaciers into the nearby Weddell Sea.
FedEx Corp. said Tuesday that its first-quarter earnings more than doubled, helped by a strengthening worldwide economy and expansion of its international express and ground shipping businesses.
LONDON : Royal Dutch/Shell announced plans to boost investment in exploration and production, making the replacement of its reserves a top priority as it seeks to restore battered investor confidence.
In an effort to stop internet dialler scams - where unwitting surfers are put onto premium rate connections - Ireland is going to block calls to 13 countries.
Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
_ Two powerlifters from Azerbaijan have tested positive for banned substances in initial doping tests and are banned for life from the Paralympics, officials said Wednesday.
A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb in a commercial district in western Baghdad today, killing at least six people and injuring more than 50, authorities said.
Working Mother magazine has named three Cincinnati-based companies among its 100 best to work for in 2004. Health care provider TriHealth made the list for the first time, joining Procter 
Reuters - A helicopter carrying eight\people, including a government minister and two lawmakers,\crashed in mountainous northeast India on Wednesday, a police\officer said.
The world's sole manufacturer of sucralose reports that demand far outstrips supply.
The Home Office reveals fewer crimes were solved by police in England and Wales last year.
Whatever problems you encounter in your own portfolio, you #39;re not alone. Plenty of other investors trip over the same stumbling blocks.
The Larsen B ice shelf probably blocked the glaciers #39; progress before its collapse in 2002, but now they are able to deposit their loads more freely.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Wednesday hinted at a possible assassination of Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat.
Disappointing earnings from Morgan Stanley and a new spike in oil prices sent stocks lower in early trading Wednesday as investors #39; worries over third-quarter earnings increased.
Computer Associates International Inc., the software maker under investigation for a \$2.2 billion accounting fraud, is scheduled to be arraigned in US criminal court today, and former 
US aircraft and tanks attacked Shiite militia positions in fierce fighting early Wednesday in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City slum, killing 10 people and injuring 92 others, hospital officials said.
Sun Microsystems yesterday introduced what it claims to be the industry #39;s first pay-per-use pricing model for grid computing architectures.
Pakistan were skittled out for a paltry 131 in 38.2 overs in the second semi-final of the ICC Champions Trophy at the Rose Bowl in Southampton on Wednesday.
Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard has played down fears that he could be sidelined for up to three months after fracturing the fifth metatarsal in his left foot.
The European Union has agreed to lift an arms embargo on Libya after pressure from Italy, which said the North African country needed better equipment to tackle illegal migrants.
SEPTEMBER 11 terror mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed - who got a visa to Australia the month before the 2001 attacks - was planning to visit alleged terror sympathisers here.
Yankee manager Joe Torre has some tough decisions upcoming, starting with whether to use Jason Giambi against Toronto left-hander Ted Lilly tonight.
Reuters - Brokerage Bear Stearns Companies\ on Wednesday said quarterly profit fell 10 percent hurt\by lower investment banking revenue and higher expenses.
AP - Prosecutors have opened an investigation into suspicions that French Islamic radicals have gone to Iraq to fight alongside militants there, judicial officials said Wednesday.
AFP - The European Union (EU) agreed in principle to lift an arms embargo on Libya after pressure from Italy.
AFP - Cambodia and the United States have agreed to start negotiations that could lead to a free trade agreement after US elections this year, Commerce Minister Cham Prasidh said.
Tour operator Thomas Cook makes a         196m (286.7m euro) loss in the first nine months of the year but says its overall financial position has improved.
A Palestinian suicide bomber blows herself up in Jerusalem, killing at least one other person.
The Competition Commission's inquiry into store cards, will investigate interest rates, the body announces.
A government review into the nation's No. 1 mortgage finance company charges it with inappropriate accounting practices, the company's board said today.
Music entrepreneur Steve Stoute has emerged as one of Madison Avenue's surest guides to the world of young consumer spending, hip-hop style.
As long as you keep customers happy, the subscription business can be a cash cow.
A female Palestinian suicide bomber blew herself up at a bus stop in Jerusalem on Wednesday, killing one person and seriously wounding at least three others, Israeli authorities said.
&lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Budget LED torch with no compromise on quality
Waking up on the morning after he won Olympic gold in Athens, Tyler Hamilton leaped out of bed to check no one had stolen the medal from his suitcase.
Jordan Ford announces that Robert Doornbos will be the teams third driver and will drive the teams third car (39) at the Grands Prix of China, Japan and Brazil 2004.
AUSTRALIA will arrive in Mumbai tomorrow night for their pivotal Test showdown with India jarred by the disappointment of their heaviest one-day loss for two years.
Nintendo Co. and Sony Corp. made separate product announcements Tuesday that the video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
KANSAS CITY, MO. - Interstate Bakeries, the maker of Twinkies and Wonder Bread in the United States, filed for bankruptcy protection early Wednesday.
Motorsport.com. The Contract Recognition Board (CRB) hearing of the Jenson Button/BAR/Williams case has been adjourned until October 16th.
1540CET-- The European Union ambassadors have agreed to recommend lifting the EU bloc #39;s arms embargo on Libya following pressure from Italy and 
The Ministry of National Defense said yesterday 2,800 South Korean troops sent to aid the US-led occupation of Iraq have arrived safely in the Kurdish north of the country.
AP - A Palestinian suicide bomber blew herself up near a crowded bus stop in Jerusalem on Wednesday, killing one other person and wounding at least 14 others, Israeli authorities said.
 LONDON (Reuters) - A medical product used to treat both  male hair loss and prostate problems has been added to the list  of banned drugs for athletes.
Members of the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) voted unanimously against a sixth rate rise in nine months.
update Computers Associates International is facing arraignment in federal court Wednesday on criminal charges stemming from a two-year investigation into the software company #39;s accounting practices.
Analysts agree that it would be of little benefit for Google to create a browser from scratch, but it could add value by adding components onto the open-source browser Mozilla.
The family of American hostage Jack Hensley has received confirmation that the headless body handed over to US officials in Iraq is his, a family spokesman said Wednesday.
A female suicide bomber set off a blast Wednesday in the French Hill section of Jerusalem killing one person, police and emergency services said.
As Iran announces it is resuming its nuclear program, we speak with Iranian-born author and former diplomat Mansour Farhang about the increasing tensions in the United States towards Tehran.
AP - The Charlotte Bobcats picked up the option on center Melvin Ely for the 2005-06 season.
AFP - Steven Gerrard has moved to allay Liverpool fans' fears that he could be out until Christmas after breaking a metatarsal bone in his left foot.
Tyler Hamilton, the American who won the time trial gold in Athens last month, faces being stripped of his medal after testing positive for blood doping.
Austria hopes to capitalize on its home-court advantage and tough preparations to defeat Britain in this week #39;s Davis Cup World Group playoffs captain Thomas Muster said Wednesday.
Financially struggling Interstate Bakeries Corp. early today filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization in the US Bankruptcy Court in Kansas City.
A young German man believed to be responsible for writing 70 per cent of all computer viruses received in the first half of this year has been given a job in IT security.
Last week, Microsoft released a security bulletin reporting vulnerability in the graphics subsystem in Windows and a wide range of Microsoft products.
Floating free above Earth and carrying out an experiment in space has long been the preserve of orbiting travelers, but at taxpayers expense.
(Sports Network) - The New York Yankees can clinch a playoff berth tonight, and they can do it with a pitcher who is still unbeaten this year.
ARIEL Sharon warned yesterday he would bring about the demise of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat  quot;when the time is ripe quot;.
Yes, we've been down this road before, but it looks as though the economic and political factors are now aligned in favor of baseball in the District -- although precariously.
Former Belgium coach Raymond Goethals, who took his country to third place at the European Championship in 1972, died on Monday aged 83.
 ZURICH (Reuters) - Olympic time trial champion Tyler  Hamilton has been suspended by his Phonak team after they were  informed he had failed dope tests.
US investment bank Morgan Stanley (MWD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said quarterly profit dropped by a third on sharply lower bond trading revenue 
Oracle may be breathing fire down its neck with an ongoing hostile takeover effort, but PeopleSoft is trying to withstand the siege and stay independent.
Former investment banker Frank Quattrone on Wednesday requested a court order that would allow him to remain free on bail while he appeals his obstruction of justice conviction.
Sun Microsystems has introduced a pay-for-use pricing model for grid computing, enabling customers to gain access to computing cycles on an on-demand basis.
A new report predicts that the federal market for knowledge management solutions will grow by almost one-third in the next five years to more than \$1.
Market research firm IDC is forecasting Apple Computers dominance in the portable jukebox market of MP3 players with the iPod and iPod mini will see increased 
Two high-profile women prisoners in American custody will not be released immediately, the US embassy said in Baghdad, despite an earlier announcement by Iraqi authorities.
Newspapers in the Arab world and Israel have reacted with caution to Syria #39;s decision to redeploy some of its troops in Lebanon away from the capital Beirut.
The United Nations says fighting and other strife is preventing aid workers from reaching 100-thousand people in Darfur who need help.
The first branch of Britain #39;s only wholly Islamic bank - which will operate strictly in accordance with Shariaa principles -as been opened in London today.
Britains biggest insurance company sparked a fresh row today over work being lost to India when it unveiled plans to create almost 1,000 jobs in Asia.
NASA #39;s robotic explorers are back at work on Mars following an extended siesta that had left mission managers with only hope and optimism that the rovers 
(Sports Network) - The Detroit Tigers continue their three-game series with the Cleveland Indians in tonight #39;s rubber match at Comerica Park.
The European Union agrees to lift its embargo on the sale of arms to Libya.
Unions in Israel end a damaging two-day general strike, which saw public services brought to a standstill in a row over unpaid wages.
AP - A school bus swerved off a narrow road and plunged into a reservoir early Wednesday, killing at least 16 children in southern Brazil, a firefighter said.
The FBI alleges that a veteran U.S. diplomat met with agents from Taiwan. What were they up to? \
Experts have dismissed a suggestion that mobile phone radio waves could help children think more clearly.
Not if you believe his critics, who say the new measures are all about politics
Despite Bush Administration rhetoric, the U.S. sits down with Syria's leadership
Bush and Kerry both talk about providing health care for the uninsured. Here's how they would do it
Anglo-Dutch energy company Royal Dutch-Shell will boost capital spending to \$15 billion a year during 2004-06 to build proven reserves.
PeopleSoft Inc. and IBM announced recently that they will establish the most significant enterprise applications alliance in the history of the two companies.
_ Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone asked a federal appeals court Wednesday to let him stay out of prison while he appeals his conviction on obstruction-of-justice charges.
ConAgra Foods Inc. reported a 30 percent drop in first-quarter earnings on Wednesday, citing sales lost from discontinued operations and higher costs for materials.
NEW YORK - Orlando Hernandez will try to continue his unbeaten season when the AL East-leading New York Yankees close out a three-game series with the Toronto Blue Jays.
President Vladimir Putin #39;s new envoy to Chechnya on Wednesday urged local officials to end corruption, while troops swept towns and villages hunting for rebels.
AFP - The West Indies survived an injury scare to captain Brian Lara to beat Pakistan by seven wickets and earn a place in the ICC Champions Trophy Final.
 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Libya took another big stride out of  diplomatic isolation on Wednesday when the European Union  agreed to lift all sanctions on the North African country.
As early as the 1970s, several theorists and climate modelers predicted that global warming would cause ice shelves in the oceans around Antarctica to melt and release glaciers.
The US Senate Commerce Committee on Wednesday approved a measure that would provide up to \$1 billion to ensure consumers can still watch television when broadcasters switch to new, crisp digital signals.
It has been a good year for Apple. Since the beginning of 2004, I #39;ve discussed GarageBand, AirPort Express and the latest iPod.
David Beckham thanks better enforcement of the 10-metre rule and a slice of good fortune for the recent return of his free-kick prowess.
Israel urged the United Nations on Wednesday to move toward sanctions against Iran because Tehran is never going to abandon its alleged quest for nuclear weapons.
The product is designed to let companies manage years of e-mail messages on a single networked storage system.
Regulators are trying to prevent scams caused by software that computer users may not even know is on their PCs.
The innocuous Twinkie is one of many high-carb treats that has proved the downfall of US wholesale baking giant Interstate Bakeries Corp.
At least two bystanders were killed and 14 injured in an explosion set off by a female suicide bomber at an intersection in northern Jerusalem, police said.
Iraqis inspect some of the burned-out cars near the site of the latest car-bomb blast outside a restaurant in a commercial area of Baghdad.
The Israeli Labor Federation Histadrut announced an end to the nationwide public sector strike Wednesday noon and ordered strikers to return to work.
Ten people, including a state government minister and two lawmakers, were killed in a helicopter crash in India #39;s mountainous northeast on Wednesday, officials said.
The Royal Shakespeare Company reveals plans to refurbish its main theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon.
The company will continue to capitalize on the growth in LCD TV sales.
Disappointing earnings from Morgan Stanley (MWD) and oil prices topping \$48 per barrel sent stocks sharply lower Wednesday as investors moved to protect their recent gains.
Interstate Bakeries Corp., parent company of the Wonder Bread plant in downtown Columbus, on Wednesday filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
Regulators have discovered serious accounting problems at mortgage giant Fannie Mae, prompting an inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission and calling into question its 
The US House of Representatives on Tuesday approved a bill that would increase jail time for identity thieves and other fraudulent Web users who register sites under false identities.
ENGLAND captain and Real Madrid midfielder David Beckham has played down speculation that his club are moving for England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson.
Locked-out players can keep playing by joining Original Six teams in the new Original Stars Hockey League. The brainchild of Mississauga, Ont.
(Sports Network) - Bronson Arroyo tries to win his fifth straight decision, as the Boston Red Sox continue a four-game series with the Baltimore Orioles tonight at Fenway Park.
A female suicide bomber blew herself up in a Jerusalem neighborhood where hitchhikers gather, killing at least two and injuring more than a dozen others.
CHRIS CLARK: Amnesty International has called for an arms embargo to pressure the Sudanese Government to stop the violence against the people of Darfur.
AP - Hundreds of protesters demanding that a local leader step down clashed with riot police Wednesday in an impoverished region of southern Russia, authorities said.
US TV network CBS is fined a record \$550,000 for Janet Jackson's Super Bowl "wardrobe malfunction".
President Musharraf tells the UN the world must act to avoid an iron curtain between the West and Muslim nations.
The  crescendo of noise in the oceans is interfering with marine mammal communication, campaigners say.
Stocks fell sharply on Wednesday after oil prices jumped more than a dollar and a US government review questioned home finance company Fannie Mae #39;s (FNM.
Computer Associates agreed Wednesday to pay \$225 million to avoid criminal prosecution in a multibillion-dollar accounting scandal that has brought down several of its top executives.
Russia #39;s space agency says it will send a three-man replacement crew to the International Space Station on October 11, two days later than originally planned.
The Original Stars Hockey League is denying it has suspended play, saying a statement released Wednesday with league letter-head was not legitimate.
One Fool experiences more than two hours of lost pre-party productivity in a Barnes   Noble quest.
US conservationists say nearly two-thirds of the Caribbean's coral reefs are threatened by human activities.
Microbe colonies discovered living under rocks in the Arctic and Antarctic are just the latest example of life's ability to cope with extremes.
A jury finds that Sony's PlayStation unit infringed on two patents owned by force-feedback specialist Immersion.
Siemens Mobile, the German telecommunications company, has announced that it is working on a mobile phone that makes users aware when they have bad breath.
Reuters - U.S. Treasury yields hovered near\five-month lows on Wednesday as weaker stocks and higher oil\prices helped drive 10-year yields down to 4 percent.
Former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono discussed presidential plans and a cabinet with visitors to his home on Wednesday, even though he has yet to declare victory 
Former Credit Suisse First Boston banker Frank Quattrone asked a federal judge Tuesday to allow him to remain free while he appeals his conviction for obstructing justice.
SAN FRANCISCO - Roy Oswalt will have to overcome a rib injury and Barry Bonds to become the first 19-game winner in the National League.
What a weekend of college football! It was puzzling, exciting, dramatic, thrilling, crushing, and suspenseful. But there was one thing it never was.
Brussels - Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt was in hospital on Tuesday after being involved in a traffic accident in which his vehicle overturned, Belga news agency reported.
Users should be wary of pressing the 'click here to remove' link on spam messages because it serves to confirm to spammers that junk mail messages are being read.
Oil prices rose in early trading Wednesday after the government reported that supplies shrank more than expected following production and shipping disruptions caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Lebanon says it has arrested 10 members of a suspected terror cell who allegedly were planning to bomb foreign diplomatic missions in Beirut and to attack coalition forces in Iraq.
Reuters - Glaciers once held up by a floating\ice shelf off Antarctica are now sliding off into the sea --\and they are going fast, scientists said on Tuesday.
Reuters - Coming soon to a jungle near you --\mosquitoes genetically engineered so they cannot give people\malaria. But this time scientists want to do it right.
EUROPEAN stocks ended lower today after a terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia sent crude prices higher and a weak start to trading on Wall Street prompted selling.
The software giant agreed to pay \$225 million to avoid criminal prosecution in an accounting scandal that has brought down several of its top executives.
Vodafone announced plans for 10 new third-generation handsets expected to hit the European and Japanese markets in time for the upcoming holiday shopping season.
Reuters - ConAgra Foods Inc.  on Wednesday\posted lower quarterly profits due to higher ingredient costs\and the sale of its chicken and agricultural products\businesses.
Caution is necessary when attracting foreign direct investment (FDI) in services and it #39;s important to have the right mix of policies, the United Nations Conference on Trade 
NASA has agreed to fund the Mars rover project for six more months, allowing two robotic vehicles to continue to study the red planet.
The German teenager awaiting trial for crippling computers worldwide this year with two viruses has been hired by a software security company.
Colin Montgomerie and three Ryder Cup teammates - David Howell, Padraig Harrington and Ian Poulter - hope to shrug off fatigue when The Heritage opens Thursday.
The Nato alliance has agreed to take on a larger role in the training of Iraqi security forces, a spokesman said. The organisation will now work towards creating a large military training academy to expand 
NASA agrees to fund the Mars rover project for six more months, allowing further study.
Phone maker debuts software that gives parents more control over content that children access on cellular devices.
Dell, Gateway and HP are making another run at consumer electronics for the 2004 holiday season.
Philips' chip chief to return to U.S. in move that makes some analysts jumpy.\
Major strategy shift aims to help consumer electronics giant compete with Apple Computer and other rivals.
US investment bank Morgan Stanley on Wednesday said quarterly profit dropped by a third on lower bond trading revenue, weak equities results and higher expenses, falling 
taking our intellectual property and turning it into pay-for-use network services, quot; Sun President Jonathan Schwartz said. The company envisions businesses that 
David Beckham says that he is delighted that England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson has ruled himself out of the running as a possible future coach of Real Madrid.
Japan confirmed its 13th mad cow disease on Wednesday, said the health ministry, as the nation is in short of beef supply for the ban of imports from the United States.
The US Justice Department will defer prosecution of Computer Associates in its long-running probe of accounting fraud at the software maker, a source close to the company said.
Investors weren #39;t hungry for food-related stocks Wednesday after Wendy #39;s International Corp. served Wall Street a profit warning and Interstate Bakeries Inc.
A long running regulatory examination of Fannie Mae has found accounting and other problems at the giant government-chartered mortgage company that raise doubts about  quot;the quality of 
The head of the chip division of electronics group Philips unexpectedly stepped down on Wednesday, raising worries that the key division is performing below expectations.
AP - Inmates armed with hand grenades and guns rioted at a western Venezuela prison, killing at least 30 fellow inmates before hundreds of national guardsmen restored order, authorities said Wednesday.
AP - NASA will soon send its damaged Genesis space capsule back to Colorado, where builders at Lockheed Martin will join other experts in trying to figure out why it crashed in Utah earlier this month.
AP - The last Republican presidential candidate to win Wisconsin was Ronald Reagan in 1984, but the state grows more GOP-friendly every year.
General Motors may restructure its European operations as it aims to trim costs in the loss-making division.
Lovers' quarrels, family conflicts, and money. It's Britain's latest reality TV series.
com September 22, 2004, 12:09 PM PT. OS Migration has moved to the bottom ranks after making its mark on IT Professional #39;s top five priority last year.
This week #39;s 84 Lumber Classic of Pennsylvania is in golf #39;s dead zone, a time when tournaments on the PGA Tour scramble to find relevance.
GERMAN driver Timo Glock will drive for Jordan in the final three races of the Formula One season after the contract of Giorgio Pantano was terminated, the team said today.
The ambassadors of the European Union (EU) member states agreed here Wednesday to lift the bloc #39;s 18-year-long arms embargo on Libya.
Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf says the global war against terrorism cannot be won without resolving the major political disputes in the Muslim world.
A controversial new study suggests Mars had an acidic ocean. The strange brew spiked with sulfates and iron could still have harbored life, scientists say.
The male meadow vole faces a big problem: How can it become a father when a female is likely to mate with every other male in the neighborhood?
Corporate customers are still tight-fisted with their budgets as they put off needed upgrades, analysts say.
AP - Three U.S. Army soldiers were killed in separate incidents in northern Iraq on Wednesday, officials said.
 CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices rallied on  Wednesday in response to rising oil prices, weak equities and  lower inflation prospects.
A video posted on an Islamist website purportedly shows a Briton being held hostage in Iraq pleading for his life.
Investors saw a major surge in oil prices and disappointing earnings from Morgan Stanley as a chance to collect profits Wednesday, sending stocks substantially lower.
The business-integration-software vendor also revealed plans to buy back as much as \$50 million of its stock over the next two years.
Microsoft has issued a formal fix for a problem in Windows XP Service Pack 2 that appeared almost immediately after the update #39;s release.
With Sender ID going nowhere fast, Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) officials Wednesday shut down the working group charged with finding a standard for e-mail authentication.
British hostage Kenneth Bigley was reportedly made to plead for his life tonight in the latest sick video from his ruthless abductors.
AP - Ukrainian prosecutors opened a criminal investigation into the alleged poisoning of a leading candidate in a crucial presidential election scheduled for next month, officials said.
AP - With the stock market just sputtering along this year and the Federal Reserve raising interest rates, it may be time to review the holdings in your 401(k) retirement account.
Ziff Davis - Government officials say Microsoft's move to share the source code for Office 2003 won't change anyone's mind about Microsoft or open source.
The agreement clears the way for Yaser Esam Hamdi, who was born in the U.S. and raised in Saudi Arabia, to return there.
The head of information security at Toyota spoke candidly this week to an audience of press, analysts and IT bosses about his concerns over claims made by some security vendors and resellers.
Crude futures prices surged above \$48 per barrel Wednesday as oil production and shipping disruptions caused by Hurricane Ivan caused domestic supplies to shrink more than expected.
The US Justice Department will defer prosecution of Computer Associates for accounting fraud in hopes of getting the software maker to reform, but two former executives 
Eastman Kodak Co. (EK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday raised its growth forecast on digital products and services, the areas the photography company is depending 
PC World - Extended collaboration could result in chips built on 32-nanometer technology.
Cigarette companies have been honest in highlighting the "dangerous" risks of smoking, a lawyer for the tobacco industry has told a US court.
Federal regulators fined CBS today a record \$550,000 for Janet Jackson's "wardrobe malfunction" during this year's Super Bowl halftime show.
The former chairman of US software firm Computer Associates is charged with securities fraud in connection with a \$2.2bn accounting scandal.
A meeting of finance ministers and central bankers from the world #39;s wealthy nations with Chinese counterparts on Oct. 1 will be a key opportunity to discuss 
Fannie Mae #39;s federal regulator found the largest US mortgage finance company violated accounting rules, raising doubts #39; #39; about the validity of earnings.
The service, called BroadbandAccess, allows Verizon Wireless customers to download data to mobile devices at the same speed provided by a broadband connection at a work or home computer.
Microsoft #39;s financial chief said this week that the software giant is more likely to make big acquisitions than it has been in the past.
Surprise and shock from a top kiwi cyclist at the doping allegations against American Tyler Hamilton. Heath Blackgrove raced against Hamilton in the Olympic time trial in Athens.
Top-seeded Serena Williams of the United States rallied in the final set Wednesday to beat Dinara Safina and reach the quarterfinals of the China Open.
Atlanta, GA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Hawks signed free agent Kevin Willis on Wednesday, nearly a decade after the veteran big man ended an 11- year stint with the team.
PARIS, France -- Swiss striker Alexander Frei left Marseille fans calling for the resignation of president Christophe Bouchet with the only goal as Stade Rennes won 1-0.
The auto parts retailer remains strong despite slower than expected growth.
A House-Senate conference is expected to agree today to extend a package of tax cuts set to expire at the end of this year.
German telecommunications company Siemens Mobile says it is developing the first cell phone that will alert users when their breath is bad.
AP - Playing tight end for Tom Coughlin has taken the fun and the big play out of football for two-time Pro Bowl tight end Jeremy Shockey of the New York Giants.
Controversial Ireland and Manchester United star Roy Keane has been charged with assault and criminal damage, English police said on Tuesday.
Former Toronto Raptor Kevin Willis joined his original NBA team Wednesday after a 10-year absence, looking to give the Atlanta Hawks inside depth at age 42.
Philadelphia 76ers President and General Manager Billy King announced today that center Todd MacCulloch will retire from the game of basketball.
Santiago Perez won his second consecutive stage in the Spanish Vuelta cycling tour Sunday, taking the mountain time trial. Spanish compatriot Roberto Heras #39; overall 
Gen Musharraf regretted that while the Islamic world was moving towards reforms, the West was not trying to resolve disputes affecting the Muslim world.
AP - The sponsors of the nation's campaign finance law introduced legislation Wednesday that they said would end the millions spent by outside groups in the presidential race.
Philadelphia 76ers: Philadelphia 76ers center Todd MacCulloch retired Wednesday, ending an attempted comeback from foot problems that sidelined him the last 1 seasons.
Former Computer Associates International Inc. on chief executive Sanjay Kumar was charged on Wednesday with securities fraud and obstruction of justice stemming from a 
AP - Washington Wizards point guard Steve Blake will miss the first month of the season after injuring his ankle in a pickup game.
PC World - Calls to 13 other countries will be blocked to thwart auto-dialer software.
Reuters - Bed Bath   Beyond Inc.  on\Wednesday posted a 24 percent rise in its quarterly earnings as\demand for its household goods remained strong.
Blue turbans. Dark suits. Cropped beards. Each is designed to send important signals.
Beer consumption has doubled over the past five years, prompting legislators to implement new rules.
PeopleSoft chief executive Craig Conway wasted no time during his keynote address at the companys annual user conference reassuring customers that an Oracle takeover is not in its future.
US companies in China said yesterday that Beijing had made dramatic progress in ratifying the commitments it made when it joined the World Trade Organisation three years ago.
the computer programs that surreptitiously track people #39;s online movements -- are steamrolling their way through Congress and a combined proposal could 
AFP - Iran fiercely denied a report that the Islamic republic has secretly handed over a wanted Egyptian Islamist to Cairo, saying the man in question had never even been in the country.
roundup Plus: Supercomputer center gets new No. 2...MIT, Caltech offer low-tech voting advice...Siemens builds phone to detect bad breath.
The software giant's CFO says a target as big as SAP is less likely, but some big buys could be in Microsoft's future.
Vijay Samalam has taken over as second-in-command at the San Diego Supercomputer Center, replacing Alan Blatecky.
A new chipset offers high-end features for less cash, an effort to spark PC makers to update their low-price offerings.
The universities suggest taking along a sample ballot, among other election tips.
Computer code that exploits a flaw in the way many Microsoft applications process JPEG images has been published on the Internet and could indicate coming attacks on vulnerable PCs, experts said.
As interest rates continue to climb, an increasing number of enterprise IT customers are shifting away from leasing to purchasing equipment such as laptops and PCs.
AMD #39;s Opteron processors will soon be able to take advantage of the same powermanagement technology the company has already built into its desktop and laptop processors.
Calls to 13 other countries will be blocked to thwart auto-dialer software.
Extended collaboration could result in chips built on 32-nanometer technology.
NASA has selected Northrop Grumman Space Technology to help design a nuclear-powered spacecraft to orbit and explore three moons of Jupiter that may have oceans beneath their icy surfaces.
Michael Vaughan and his fellow batsmen can take great credit for transforming England #39;s one-day side from no-hopers into potential Champions #39; Trophy winners.
A stern President Bush told the UN yesterday that his policies on Iraq are good for world peace, and scornfully attacked John Kerry for criticizing the war.
theodp writes  quot;A German security company has divided opinion in the IT industry by offering a job to the teen charged with creating Sasser.
UEFA, footballs European governing body, can work in mysterious ways, but there was no mistaking the speed and clarity of its decision-making on Tuesday.
Nelson Valdez scored two goals to help holder Werder Bremen beat Bayer Leverkusen 3-2 on Wednesday to advance to the third round of the German Cup.
Washington Wizards President of Basketball Operations Ernie Grunfeld announced today that guard Steve Blake underwent successful surgery to remove a chipped bone from his right ankle.
A British hostage appeared on a video posted on an Islamic Web site Wednesday weeping and pleading for his life as Iraq #39;s leader and US 
The former Chief Executive Officer of Computer Associates was indicted by a federal grand jury in New York Wednesday for allegedly participating in a massive fraud conspiracy and an elaborate cover up of a scheme that cost investors 
The US House of Representatives Tuesday passed by voice vote a bill that would boost prison time for scammers who register Web sites under false pretenses.
The music business has been aggressive in fighting peer-to-peer file sharing over the Internet, but most musicians do not think illegal file sharing hurts them, according to a recent survey.
AP - Verizon Wireless plans next week to expand its high-speed mobile data service to 11 more markets, including New York and Los Angeles, as well as 19 more airports.
AP - Todd MacCulloch always knew his career would end. He just never expected it to come to such a sudden and mysterious stop.
AP - Much to the Florida Marlins' regret, Josh Beckett was right.
Trend Micro, Inc. has announced the Trend Micro Mobile Security, an antivirus and anti-spam protection for SMS messaging customers using smartphones and PDAs.
AP - Courtney Brown refuses to surrender to injuries. He's already planning another comeback.
 BALTIMORE (Sports Network) - Baltimore Ravens cornerback  Deion Sanders is listed as questionable on the team's injury  report for Sunday's game against Cincinnati.
 ATLANTA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Hawks signed free  agent Kevin Willis on Wednesday, nearly a decade after the  veteran big man ended an 11- year stint with the team.
AP - Emissions of sulfur dioxide, which causes acid rain, rose 4 percent in 2003, but probably will not compromise long-term air quality goals, the government reported Wednesday.
THE first public trial of third-generation or 3G mobile phones will start in Singapore tomorrow, ahead of a nationwide rollout due by year #39;s end.
The state House on Wednesday approved a bill to move up the due date of county property taxes to offset lost state revenue sharing dollars.
The video game industry has a lot in common with the movie business, in that both industries bank heavily on special effects, big releases and even glamour.
Messina upset defending champion AC Milan 2-1 Wednesday, while Juventus won its third straight game to stay alone atop the Italian league standings.
European regulators may be getting ready to let the countdown to their decision begin, a source tells CNET News.com.
A new chipset offers high-end features for less cash, an effort to spark PC makers to update their low-price offerings.
Nation's largest wireless carrier says it's leading the race to cover the United States with a third-generation network.
New version of Danger's mobile device is 25 percent thinner than its predecessor. \
Miniature drives can continue their success in consumer devices but must get roomier, more rugged and more efficient, industry observers say.
Credit card processing firm Authorize.Net said today that it was the target of a large-scale distributed denial-of-service attack that had caused disruptions for customers.
Federal Reserve officials, citing recent signs of economic improvement, raised a key short-term interest rate Tuesday for a third time this year and signaled that they are 
US Airways Group Inc. and the dispatchers #39; union reached a tentative agreement yesterday on a contract that supports the bankrupt airline #39;s transformation to a low-cost carrier.
A BEATEN and dejected Tiger Woods walked alone up the 16th fairway here on Saturday, no teammates in sight with only security guards as companions to share his misery.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. is back on top of the points standings for the first time in three months. How long he can stay there remains to be seen.
Indonesia #39;s next president, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, moved swiftly up the military ranks during the authoritarian rule of Gen.
AFP - Britain complained to the United States over the deportation of pop singer turned Islamic activist Cat Stevens, who was denied entry on national security grounds.
At least 175,000 Haitians have been affected by flooding caused by a tropical storm, relief workers say.
US Airways pilots resumed negotiations Wednesday with management on a new labor contract with the bankrupt airline, even as the company made clear that it will now be seeking greater concessions.
Ford Motor Co said on Wednesday it will match rival General Motors Corp. #39;s offer of interest-free car loans for up to six years on 2004 model-year vehicles.
Online credit card processor Authorize.net on Wednesday acknowledged that large-scale data attacks have disrupted credit card processing for its Internet merchants over the last week.
which had been due to expire next year -- will see AMD pay IBM fees from \$250 million to \$280 million through December 2008, while 
New Blackburn Rovers manager Mark Hughes got a foretaste of the task facing him after the Premier League strugglers went out on penalties to third division Bournemouth in the League Cup on Wednesday.
Libya took another big step towards respectability yesterday when the European Union #39;s most senior diplomats agreed that an arms embargo against Tripoli should be lifted.
The Belgian Prime Minister, Guy Verhofstadt, was recovering yesterday after a road accident in which his car hit a concrete pillar and rolled over three times.
AFP - A potentially explosive device has been found in the cargo hold of a jet of Australian domestic airline Virgin Blue, a report said.
PC World - With VPN bug resolved, distribution of Windows XP update will increase.
Reuters - The Senate confirmed Porter Goss as\the new CIA director on Wednesday amid growing momentum for\intelligence reform, terrorism threats and a persistent\insurgency in Iraq.
KING OF PRUSSIA, Pa. - President Bush mocked John Kerry's fitness to be commander in chief Wednesday, saying the way to bring U.S...
WOBURN - Retief Goosen will have friend and rival Ernie Els firmly in his sights when he tees off in the E2 million Heritage tournament tomorrow.
Inzamam-ul-Haq gambled and lost today as West Indies thrashed Pakistan by seven wickets to book their place in the Champions Trophy final today.
Sun Microsystems' new president pulls in \$677,000 in fiscal 2004, as the company tries to return to prosperity.
Program showing how to use flaw in Windows' handling of graphics files hits the Net--back up your family photos and beware.
Shell, the Anglo-Dutch oil giant, warned yesterday that production is likely to remain flat for the next five years as it accelerates the disposal of unwanted assets and 
Pilots at US Airways Group Inc. resumed negotiations Wednesday with management on a new labor contract with the bankrupt airline, even as the company made clear that it will now be seeking greater concessions.
AP - In a major strategic reversal, Sony Corp. said Wednesday it plans to add support for MP3 music files to some of its portable music players.
AFP - President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry scouted votes in key battleground states but were already looking ahead to their crucial televised debates starting in a week.
 INDIANAPOLIS (Sports Network) - Indianapolis Colts running  back Edgerrin James is questionable for Sunday's game against  Green Bay.
com September 22, 2004, 4:33 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Jenson Button will not know which Formula One team he will race for next season until next month after a hearing on the dispute was adjourned.
WINNIPEG - After more than 200 games, former Winnipegger Todd MacCulloch has decided to retire from the National Basketball Association.
A suicide bomber struck for the second time in 24 hours yesterday near where National Guard recruits were waiting to sign on, killing at least 11 people in west Baghdad.
Americans are using more prescription drugs, but pharmaceutical companies can't take huge comfort in that.
Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corp. closed \$100 million Wednesday from a public stock offering. The steelmaker offered 3.65 million shares of common stock at \$29 per share.
AMD and IBM have extended their CPU technology agreement through the end of 2008. Originally signed in December 2002, the alliance was originally slated to wind up at the end of 2005.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell convened Wednesday in New York with his counterparts from Russia, the European Union and the United Nations making up the informal Quartet on the Middle East.
A handful of potential managers has emerged from the Mets' 1986 World Series-winning team.
A hockey league formed for locked-out N.H.L. players denies that it suspended play, saying a statement released with league letterhead was not legitimate.
Robby Gordon, who admitted he intentionally caused an accident last Sunday, has been placed on probation for the remainder of the 2004 Nascar Nextel Cup season.
Charles Kennedy will tell Lib Dems they are on the road to  government when he wraps up their annual rally, writes Nick Assinder.
Capitals goalie Olaf Kolzig will stay close to his home during the lockout, taking a position as goaltenders coach with his former junior team, the Tri-City Americans.
All 18 greens were replaced since last year at the Mystic Rock course where the 84 Lumber Classic is played, and the course was lengthened by 400 yards to 7,500.
Tennessee, North Carolina State and Duke have no true quarterback starter. Maryland and Florida State are getting spotty play by their quarterbacks. And it's only September.
Crude futures climbed above 48 dollars a barrel Wednesday as US Energy Department reported that domestic supplies fell more than expected.
Bankrupt US Airways (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) sought consent from its big unions on Wednesday for temporary relief from contracts and threatened to 
WEST Indies beat Pakistan by seven wickets at the Rose Bowl yesterday to reach the final of crickets Champions Trophy and set up a showdown with hosts England at the Oval on Saturday.
The US military says an American soldier was killed in attack in eastern Afghanistan, the third US soldier to die in the country this week.
An Internet statement purportedly by a group which claimed to have kidnapped two Italian aid workers in Iraq said Wednesday it had killed the women.
A female Palestinian bomber blew herself up near an Israeli military hitch-hiking post in Jerusalem on Wednesday, killing two people and wounding 15.
Japanese game giant Nintendo announced Tuesday that its forthcoming DS (short for Dual Screen) portable game system will launch in the United States on Nov. 21 for a retail price of \$149.
The National Hockey League lockout may be officially a week old, but already a considerable number of its players are finding employment elsewhere.
US tanks raided the Baghdad Shi #39;ite Muslim stronghold of Sadr City in the early hours of Wednesday as aircraft bombed the area and helicopters flew low overhead, witnesses said.
VIRGIN Blue had not trained its workers to cope with an emergency like the discovery of an explosive device on a flight, an airport union said today.
AP - The only time Drew Brees got a headache on Wednesday was when he recalled what usually happens to the San Diego Chargers in Denver.
AP - Ralph Nader will not appear on Oregon's general election ballot, the state Supreme Court said Wednesday, overturning a lower court decision.
Britain says it will not bargain with Iraqi militants holding a UK man, after he made a video plea to Tony Blair.
Open-source spam blocker gets legal makeover with switch to Apache license. Oh, and tech upgrades.
With software tycoon Larry Ellison poised to dismantle PeopleSoft, why are PeopleSoft customers so relaxed?
roundup Plus: T-Mobile sells Sidekick II...Spyware bill moves to Senate...Supercomputer center gets new No. 2.
Two former top executives of Computer Associates International were indicted in Brooklyn on charges of accounting fraud, the Justice Department said today.
Singapore Telecommunications (SingTel), the biggest telecoms both in Singapore and Southeast Asia, on Wednesday announced the start of a month-long trial for its third-generation 
Multimedia Card Association kicks off ad campaign to promote the small cards based on its specifications.
Immigration officials have smashed a criminal network operating one of the country #39;s fastest-growing immigration scams: the bogus marriage.
Gemstar-TV Guide and Hitachi announce a multiyear deal to bring program guides to digital TVs.
U.S. House members accused IBM and other IT vendors Wednesday of breaking the rules in a much-criticized program designed to help schools and libraries purchase Internet equipment.
Senate proposal would scale back a provision of the USA Patriot Act that lets the FBI monitor alleged computer trespassers without a warrant.
Sept. 22 - American avoidance of most things carb has hit the country #39;s largest wholesale baker - the company that makes Wonder Bread and Twinkies.
The U.S.B. flash drive  the portable memory device also known as a thumb or keychain drive  has become both essential utility and fashion object.
Ultrasound images from the womb are increasingly being made not for medical purposes but by companies offering expectant parents a sort of prebirth viewing.
Trying to authenticate documents or uncover forgeries is an increasingly technical pursuit.
A mobile wireless system being tested in Oregon allows police officers in the field to check fingerprints against state and national databases.
A new chip-making technology that uses a special kind of electron microscope to draw the circuits and will lead to better memory chips.
A high profile celebrity may serve her prison sentence right here in North Central Florida. Martha Stewart could be coming to the small town of Coleman, Florida.
China will succeed in cooling off an overheated economy and achieve a soft landing, according to a major Asian Development Bank (ADB) report released on Wednesday.
Sony announced on Tuesday that it is planning to launch a smaller and lighter version of its popular PS2 gaming console in November.
Promoted Sicilian side Messina shocked Italian champions AC Milan with a 2-1 victory at the San Siro in Italian first division league match on Wednesday.
JERUSALEM: A Palestinian woman suicide bomber blew herself up near a hitch-hiking post in Jerusalem yesterday, killing two people and wounding 15.
If Shawn Green follows his own precedent, he will not play in the Los Angeles Dodgers' games in San Francisco on Friday and Saturday because of Yom Kippur.
Orioles owner Peter Angelos, who sits on baseball's eight-member relocation committee, has insisted that he would fight any attempt to move the Expos to the District.
U.S. cyclist Tyler Hamilton was suspended from his professional team Wednesday and put on notice that his contract would be invalidated if he is found guilty of the drug charges against him.
Quarterback Mark Brunell looked spry leaving Redskins Park on Wednesday following another round of treatment for his strained left hamstring and said the injury continues to feel better.
Federal officials are trying to prosecute operators of Web sites that recruit terrorists, raising alarms among civil libertarians.
Hundreds of soldiers who unwittingly signed up for high-cost life insurance will receive full cash refunds from the insurance company.
Shell outlined a profit strategy of modest acquisitions and no buybacks. Investors sold.
Cross-border investment is rebounding after three lean years as companies take advantage of higher profits and a strong global economy to snap up foreign rivals, the United Nations said yesterday.
Kerry Wood returned to Chicago on Wednesday to be examined by a doctor because of back problems that nearly forced the Cubs pitcher to miss Tuesday #39;s start against Pittsburgh.
Given the impact and growing inter-connectedness of the world media, it is not surprising that Trinidadians, more than ever, are aware of the state of our world.
Italian authorities said Thursday they had no information allowing them to confirm the execution of two Italian hostages being held in Iraq.
AP - Peanuts, hot dogs and wireless instant replays. It's the future of baseball.
Greece confessed Wednesday to having repeatedly misrepresented significant economic data before it joined the European currency union, prompting suggestions that it might 
US cyclist Tyler Hamilton was suspended from his professional team yesterday and put on notice that his contract would be invalidated if he is found guilty of the drug charges against him.
Arkansas coach Houston Nutt said a few doubts crept into his mind about his offense this summer. It #39;s hard to blame him after 10 veteran 
US troops struck at militant strongholds across Iraq on Wednesday, pounding insurgent positions in Baghdad and clashing with fighters in central and northern cities.
AP - Larry Walker hit a two-run homer in the fifth inning, lifting the St. Louis Cardinals to a 3-2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday.
Orlando Hernndez failed to protect a 3-0 lead, so the Yankees lost a chance of clinching at least the wild card.
The show's 276-car giveaway is part of an effort to reclaim credibility in the domestic  car market.
D.C. has hired a group to develop new design standards for downtown food carts and souvenir stands.
A third La Salle University basketball player has been charged with rape over an alleged 2003 sexual encounter with a female La Salle player.
US House and Senate negotiators agreed on a \$146 billion tax-cut plan that includes the renewal of four breaks for middle-income families and 23 business provisions.
Nextel Communications Inc. said the Federal Communications Commission should reduce by at least \$452 million what it is charging the company for new airwaves.
Sports India, Cricket Southampton, Sep 22 : The West Indies Wednesday beat Pakistan by seven wickets in the second semi-final to set up the title clash with England in the Champions Trophy Saturday.
At least 21 people were killed and 150 injured yesterday as two suicide car bombers wrought havoc in Baghdad and US forces pounded suspected insurgents in the east of the capital.
Congressional negotiators appeared to have beaten back efforts yesterday to expand or preserve the tax refunds for poor families, even as they added \$12.
Computer Associates has announced a deal with the US Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission that will solve the software vendor #39;s accounting scandal.
Business tax cuts and proliferating shelters pushed the effective tax rate of 275 large US corporations down by 20 percent since 2001, even as their pretax profits jumped 26 percent, according 
A Senate committee voted yesterday to transfer airwaves used by dozens of television stations to spectrum-starved public safety organizations but included a provision that critics say 
New technologies will make existing information security measures obsolete over the next five years, according to analyst Gartner.
The Sudanese government agreed to observe the UN resolution on Darfur, avoiding threatened sanctions to their oil industry. But it says the resolution is unfair and unjust to Sudan.
washingtonpost.com - The Senate Commerce Committee voted yesterday to require cell phone companies to get the approval of individual customers before listing their wireless phone numbers in public directories.
The IRA was tonight told to be prepared to surrender its weapons if a deal to revive power sharing in Northern Ireland is to go ahead.
In the last few years, political races from Congress to county sheriff have begun to hinge on the American Indian vote.
Iraqis hailed the rebuilding of a bridge destroyed during the war in a ceremony held Wednesday, but many have decried the slow pace of reconstruction efforts.
THE Australian dollar continued to trade only slightly stronger today as investors wait for local data due out next week to provide some short term direction.
Defense lawyers on Wednesday sought to poke holes in a government witness #39;s story of an angry confrontation with a former Enron Corp.
Twinkies maker Interstate Bakeries Corp., the nation #39;s largest wholesale baker, filed for bankruptcy protection yesterday after failing to meet auditor deadlines for financial reports.
Reuters - Belgium's Option  said on\Wednesday it would launch a new wireless data card targeted at\the U.S. market in November.
Sunday #39;s Chinese grand prix promises to be the biggest payday of Bernie Ecclestone #39;s 25-year career as the controller of formula one.
Developing Asia and the Pacific will grow at 7.0 percent in 2004 on strong exports and buoyant intraregional trade, the Asian Development Bank says.
Immersion Corp., a small California firm that develops and licenses touch-related technologies, has been awarded \$82 million after winning a patent infringement lawsuit against PlayStation maker Sony Corp.
A militant group that beheaded two American engineers this week posted a video on the Internet early Thursday showing a third hostage, Kenneth Bigley, a Briton, pleading for his life.
Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani has threaten to boycott the nationwide elections if Shiite power is diluted on the ballot.
The plan to promote BJ Ryan into a part-time closer had seemingly provided the Baltimore Orioles with an almost flawless late-inning bullpen scenario.
Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling called into a sports-talk radio station on Wednesday to dispel speculation that he didn't get along with teammate Pedro Martnez.
Vernon Wells hits a go-ahead, two-run triple in the seventh inning as the Blue Jays rallies past the Yankees, 5-4, sending Orlando Hernandez to his first loss.
Business tax cuts and proliferating shelters pushed the effective tax rate of 275 large U.S. corporations down by 20 percent since 2001, study shows.
The International Monetary Fund warns that rising interest rates in some of the world's biggest economies may slow global house price growth.
Australian police investigate an incendiary device found on board a Virgin Blue Boeing at Sydney airport.
NEW YORK - Wall Street shares took a beating yesterday as a fresh surge in oil prices dented sentiment among investors already fretting about the coming corporate earnings season.
An anonymous reader writes  quot;CNN is carrying a story about how Sanjay Kumar, ex-CEO of Computer Associates, was indicted on fraud charges.
The International Monetary Fund has warned that rising interest rates in some of the world #39;s biggest economies may slow global house price growth.
The International Monetary Fund has warned of a possible sharp fall in UK house prices, according to reports. The IMFs World Economic Outlook said that, based on interest rate 
Broadcasters beat back a proposal that would have required them to give up their current analog channels by 2009 as their allies on the Senate Commerce Committee 
NASA #39;s plans to send robots and people to the moon and Mars threaten long-planned science missions, a national science panel warns.
killing of two Americans, as the latest hostage crisis put pressure on governments with troops in Iraq. employers in Italy said they had not given up hope.
Telephone services provider SBC Communications Inc. received \$9 billion worth of tax breaks during a three-year period, The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday.
Accounting problems at Fannie Mae, the giant mortgage company, have prompted an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The Federal Communications Commission issued a notice of a \$550,000 fine against because of an incident during the Super Bowl halftime show.
Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc., whose founder is scheduled to begin serving a prison sentence Oct. 8, said it had agreed to work with the television producer Mark Burnett to create 
THE dollar opened stronger today as some commodity-based trading helped pushed the domestic unit higher. At 7am AEST the local unit was trading at \$US0.
Morgan Stanley and Bear Stearns posted drops in quarterly profit yesterday, surprising some investors one day after two other big investment banks reported a rise in earnings.
The company behind Twinkies, spongy cakes that have been an American institution since the 1930s, is seeking Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
Verizon Wireless plans to expand its wireless high-speed data network into 14 additional cities, including New York and Los Angeles.
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- US Airways Group and its pilots union have resumed negotiations, the Air Line Pilots Association said Wednesday afternoon.
erizon Wireless said on Wednesday that it would expand its wireless high-speed data network into 14 additional cities, including New York and Los Angeles, starting on Monday.
Reuters - San Diego Chargers\quarterback Drew Brees will be under center for this Sunday's\contest versus the Denver Broncos.
Immersion, a small firm that develops and licenses touch-related technologies, has been awarded \$82 million after winning a patent infringement lawsuit against PlayStation maker Sony.
A new international space station crew will leave two days later than scheduled next month to accommodate repairs to the docking system, Russia #39;s space agency said Wednesday.
Renault F1 Team Partner Hanjin Shipping will run unique Chinese branding for this weekends race in Shanghai.
West Indies captain Brian Lara, who had to retire hurt in the semifinal against Pakistan on Wednesday, has not suffered a serious injury.
Noah Lowry takes a lesson out of every outing, and the baseball world is quickly learning that this kid is pitching nothing like a 23-year-old rookie.
AFP - Australia's central bank said the country's financial system is sound and ongoing economic growth has created a favourable outlook for financial stability.
AP - Iran warned that it will react "most severely" to any Israeli action against its nuclear facilities, after Israel said the United States was selling it 500 bunker buster bombs.
England: West Indies batsman Ramnaresh Sarwan is confident the West Indies can end a long sequence of failures by winning the ICC Champions Trophy.
Formula One #39;s Contract Recognition Board met but decided to adjourn the BAR versus Williams dispute over Jenson Button on Wednesday.
Updated NASCAR team reports as the Nextel Cup #39;s championship chase turns to Dover (Del.) International Speedway, site of the second race in the 10-race shootout series.
PEOPLE WHO who lose their web connection suffer from withdrawal and feelings of loss, frustration, and disconnectedness, according to a report released by Yahoo.
CRICKET Australia has threatened to cancel next month #39;s tour of India as tension over the television rights wrangle on the subcontinent escalates.
Formula One goes back to the future on Sunday with former champion Jacques Villeneuve making his race return in the first grand prix held in China.
Seattle Mariners right fielder Ichiro Suzuki produced four hits on Wednesday, reaching his 247th this season and only 10 shy of the Major League record of most hits in a single season.
SEOUL - South Koreas defense ministry said Wednesday it completed the deployment of around 2,800 troops on a relief and rehabilitation mission in northern Iraq.
Morgan Stanley, the second-biggest US securities firm, said Wednesday its fiscal third-quarter profit tumbled 34 percent, falling short of estimates, as bond trading plunged.
The former chief executive of software maker Computer Associates International was charged yesterday with securities fraud in a multibillion-dollar accounting 
US Airways Group Inc. and its pilots union agreed to resume negotiations on wage and benefits cuts the carrier is seeking to operate during bankruptcy protection.
In at least one of the past three years, 82 of the largest US companies paid no federal income taxes, a report released Wednesday said.
MICROSOFT Corps recent release of Service Pack 2 for Windows XP saw the company dealing head-on with the security issues that have plagued the operating system since its release.
 quot;Spirit and Opportunity appear ready to continue their remarkable adventures, quot; said Andrew Dantzler, solar system division director at NASA Headquarters in Washington.
World champion Michael Schumacher arrived in Shanghai yesterday, along with a host of other Formula One stars, saying he looks forward to evaluating the challenges of the city #39;s brand new circuit.
Jim Tracy had watched his would-be staff ace grab his right arm and walk off again, into the dugout, up the clubhouse tunnel and probably straight into the offseason.
Former University of Washington star center Todd MacCulloch, who hasn #39;t played for the Philadelphia 76ers in 1-1/2 years, retired yesterday from the NBA.
Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi said Islamic nations, including Malaysia, need to help rebuild Iraq, a civilization that was once a symbol of Islam #39;s greatness.
With just six business days remaining in the current calendar quarter, it's easy to spot the investors holding lots of technology stocks. They're the ones holding their breath.
Peter Rost made a lot of money for his employers in the pharmaceutical industry. Now he has turned against them.
Venture capitalists have a pressing new question for high-tech entrepreneurs who come looking for money: What's your India plan?
Two young heirs to the Pritzker family empire can go forward with claims that relatives looted their trusts of more than \$1 billion, a Cook County judge ruled yesterday.
United Airlines hopes to complete a new business plan within two months, including a decision on whether to terminate its pension plans, the company told employees yesterday.
BILLERICA -- General Electric Co.'s sensing business is setting up its world headquarters in Billerica, as it consolidates three area plants into one.
The former chief executive officer of American firm Computer Associates, Sanjay Kumar, has been charged with accounting fraud and obstruction of justice, the US government has announced.
Large colonies of micro-organisms living under rocks have been discovered in the most hostile and extreme regions of the Arctic and Antarctic - giving new insights on survival of life on other planets.
Megawati Sukarnoputri has declined to concede defeat in Indonesia #39;s first direct presidential election, although with most votes counted, she is too far 
PC World - High-speed Internet access is becoming more and more popular, study shows.
The battle for the hands of gamers is intensifying, with two new portable consoles due out in the UK shortly.
The BBC's teletext service, Ceefax, celebrates 30 years as tributes pour in from the worlds of news and sport.
Indictments were handed down to Kumar and CA #39;s former head of sales, Stephen Richards, with both men charged with securities fraud and obstruction.
Japan #39;s economy will be the most severely affected among industrialized nations by population aging, Kyodo News said Thursday.
VODAFONE yesterday began its major push into the market for third-generation mobile phones with plans to launch 10 handsets before Christmas.
British Energy is to seek approval to delist from the stock market as it fights plans by rebel shareholders to oppose its restructuring plan.
THE West Indies are confident captain Brian Lara will be fit to face England in Saturday #39;s ICC Champions Trophy final at The Oval.
Shawn Green is anguishing over the same conflict that confronted Hall of Famers Sandy Koufax and Hank Greenberg. The game or the synagogue?
Norfolks hopes of attracting Major League Baseballs Montreal Expos appear to be slipping away. Washington officials disclosed plans Tuesday night to build the Expos 
MILWAUKEE Baseball fans in the Washington area will be keeping an eye out for news out of Milwaukee, where Major League Baseball #39;s Management Council is meeting.
Todd MacCulloch was hopeful this day would never come, the day he would have to walk away from his career with the Philadelphia 76ers because of his health.
Indonesian prospective leader Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, who is predicted to emerge the winner ofthe presidential election runoff over incumbent President MegawatiSoekarnoputri 
About 300 Syrian soldiers in a convoy of trucks and armored vehicles crossed the Lebanese border into Syria early Thursday as part of a partial troop withdrawal that began two days ago, Lebanese security officials said.
A Palestinian suicide bomber blew herself up on Wednesday afternoon and killed two Israeli policemen who had confronted her at a busy intersection in Jerusalem, officials said.
A German computer security firm has defended its decision to hire the self-confessed teenage author of the Sasser and Netsky worms.
Noah Lowry takes a lesson out of every outing, and the baseball world is quickly learning that this kid is pitching nothing like a 23-year-old rookie.
The lockout of NHL players by the league #39;s owners moved into its eighth day today, with the stalemate expected to last for months.
The British and Iraqi governments said on Thursday they would not bow to the demands of militants threatening to kill a British captive, despite a video message from the hostage pleading for his life.
US warplanes attacked insurgent targets in the east Baghdad slum of Sadr City, killing at least one person and wounding 12, hospital officials said Thursday.
Japan said it has obtained intelligence indicating that North Korea may be preparing to test fire a short-range missile, in what would be the latest provocation from the communist country.
A US credit card processing firm has been hit by intermittend and large-scale distributed denial-of-service attacks that have disrupted services.
A German computer security firm has defended its decision to hire the self-confessed author of the Sasser worm.
Sony says its digital music players will now play MP3 music tracks, and not just its own format.
Shares of Electrolux tumble after the world's largest maker of consumer electronics says that profit in the second half will be less than forecast.
High-speed Internet access is becoming more and more popular, study shows.
Looksmart has thrown its hat into the 'personal web' ring, with the acquisition of Furl.net, a web page clipping and archiving service.
The Bush and Kerry campaigns, along with a range of advocacy groups, are concerned with the integrity of voting technology -- particularly in the states where votes matter most. By Jacob Ogles.
Researchers find that humans produce their own morphine. If naysayers finally believe it, the discovery could boost pain and addiction research. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Computer Associates Monday announced the general availability of three Unicenter performance management products for mainframe data management.
Reuters - Consumer electronics giant Sony Corp.\said on Thursday it is mulling a major strategic shift to make\digital music devices that play MP3 song files.
Speaking with a long-departed love one may be the result of fear or suggestion rather than genuine spirit contact, research suggests.
The brother of Ken Bigley, the British hostage held in Iraq, says the US has "sabotaged" his possible release.
Turkey's PM Erdogan visits Brussels to put his case for Turkey to start formal talks on joining the EU.
British singer Yusuf Islam, formerly known as Cat Stevens, says he is 'shocked' at being refused entry to the US.
SED TVs, coming next year, will offer bright, CRT-like pictures in a thin package.
Olympic time trial champion Tyler Hamilton is suspended after failing a doping test.
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is expected to seek a permanent UN Security Council seat for India in a speech in New York.
The brother of the man who led a split in Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebel group is shot and killed, reports say.
Users of the four major consumer IM networks will be able to chat with each other?with some restrictions.
If freedom of expression has limits in Canada, Jean-Franois Fillion, a radio shock jock on CHOI-FM, is testing them.
Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity will spend another six months crawling over the surface of the red planet and sending data back to Earth.
The number of British DSL subscribers jumped by 154 per cent in the last year to 2.7 million according to the latest report by the DSL Forum.
The discovery of large colonies of micro-organisms living under rocks in the most hostile habitat of the Arctic and Antarctic, may revive the hopes of finding life on other planets like Mars.
AP - Daniel Graham was just a college sophomore when Ben Coates was wrapping up his brilliant career at tight end for the New England Patriots.
AP - Manchester United captain Roy Keane pleaded not guilty to all three charges Thursday over an alleged confrontation with a 16-year-old boy.
Dodgers' Brad Penny left his first start in more than five weeks in the fourth with irritation of a nerve in his pitching arm.
Keith Foulke isn't going to forget the last two nights anytime soon, but he won't be dwelling on them either.
Andrew Brecher, a three-sport athlete at Needham High School, is now a sophomore at Harvard University, where he is a backup offensive tackle on the varsity football team.
Loc finished 8th and 13th last weekend in Brno for the second to last round of the Formula 3 Euroseries championship.
Calculate race strategy and watch live telemetry from the first ever sessions of the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix.
Rising interest rates could trigger a house price crash in the UK, the International Monetary Fund warned today. The Washington-based group said the 
Electrolux shares have tumbled after the world #39;s largest maker of consumer electronics said profit in the second half of 2004 will be less than forecast.
Consumer electronics giant Sony Corp. said on Thursday it is mulling a major strategic shift to make digital music devices that play MP3 song files.
Manchester - Manchester United captain Roy Keane denied on Thursday assaulting a 16-year-old boy when he appeared before a magistrates court here.
Workers used dump trucks to empty more than 100 bodies into a 14-foot-deep mass grave yesterday, as officials struggled to deal with the corpses of hundreds of Haitian flooding victims.
BAGHDAD: US tanks raided the Baghdad Shi #39;ite Muslim stronghold of Sadr City this morning as aircraft bombed the area and helicopters flew low overhead, witnesses said.
The Palestinians #39; ruling Fatah party threatened Monday to strip Marwan Barghouti of his membership if the jailed candidate continues his bid for the Palestinian presidency.
SiliconValley.com - A federal jury Wednesday ordered Sony to pay  #36;82 million to Immersion for violating the San Jose company's patents on video game technology.
The search giant Google is rumoured to be working on its own web browser.
Robbie Savage will miss Wales #39; 2006 World Cup qualifier against England next month following his red card against Northern Ireland.
NEW YORK: Indias Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said the complicated problems between Pakistan and India would take time for resolution.
Consumer electronics giant Sony Corporation has reversed its policy and now says that it will support the popular MP3 file format for some of its portable music players.
Online journals, or weblogs, have put together a series of developments which suggest that the search engine is developing new web tools.
Record labels are demanding such a large cut from online music sales that several of existing online music stores will eventually be forced to go under, The Independent cautions today.
If you #39;re one of about 200 million people using older versions of Windows and you want the latest security enhancements to Internet Explorer, get your credit card ready.
Three Israeli soldiers and two Palestinian gunmen were killed during a firefight outside a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip Thursday.
As a number of public opinion polls show a sustained, if not growing, lead that President George W Bush enjoys over his Democratic Party opponent John Kerry, the neo-conservatives have started 
Turkish mobile operator Turkcell is going ahead with a network in Iran, despite a law giving Iranian MPs a veto over foreign investment.
The number of new people signing up for jobless benefits rose last week, mostly reflecting the impact of hurricanes that recently ripped through Florida.
Italy dismisses claims that two female aid workers held hostage in Iraq have been killed.
Nepalese Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba makes an official call to Maoists rebels to join peace talks.
Morgan Stanley, the second-biggest US securities firm, on Wednesday reported lower-than-expected third-quarter profit on lower fees from trading stocks and bonds.
Bee Staff Writer. Interstate Bakeries Corp., which operates a bakery in Sacramento and recently closed another here, filed Wednesday for bankruptcy reorganization.
England will target Brian Lara in the Champions Trophy final after the West Indies captain was felled by a delivery from Shoaib Akhtar in the semi-finals.
The brother of British hostage Kenneth Bigley today accused the American government of  quot;sabotaging quot; moves to free his brother.
resident Bush spoke for an hour with President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan yesterday morning in a conversation devoted largely to the hunt for Osama bin Laden and terror groups, administration 
Al-Qaida reportedly warned the Lebanese and Syrian authorities against harassing Muslim extremists captured in Lebanon for planning terrorist attacks.
The British and Iraqi governments said on Thursday they would not bow to the demands of militants threatening to kill a British captive, despite a video message from the hostage pleading for his life.
Hackers have crippled one of the internet #39;s biggest credit card processors, and tens of thousands of online merchants are losing business while the company struggles to recover.
Real Madrid president Florentino Perez has dismissed suggestions the club are actively searching for a new coach to fill the position currently held by Mariano Garcia Remon.
FT.com - Sun Hung Kai Properties, Hong Kong's largest property developer, urged the government to increase land supply as demand for new flats was expected to remain strong.
Reuters - Stocks moving on Thursday: EXXON MOBIL\, ROYAL DUTCH PETROLEUM CO. :
Cosmologists may have to reassess their understanding of the evolution of the early Universe after surprising new data from the Hubble Space Telescope.
More game companies may drop out of business as new consoles push up development costs.
New hard-drive based devices feature color screens, support for WMP 10.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Peanuts, hot dogs and wireless instant replays. It's the future of baseball...
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- In a major strategic reversal, Sony Corp...
Microsoft jumped into the disk-based backup and recovery market this week with the announcement of the Microsoft Data Protection Server, a low-cost, continuous, disk-based backup and recovery system.
The Israeli army blew up an abandoned house near a Gaza Strip settlement Thursday, sending large plumes of smoke in the air. An army spokesman said the house, not far from the Jewish 
AP - President Bush on Thursday marked the opening of the new American Indian National Museum, saying it will serve as a powerful reminder of the spirit and vitality of peoples native to the nation.
AFP - Gloomy news about Iraq and the Middle East peace process overshadowed the second day of the UN's annual gathering of world leaders.
A senior Chinese official tells the BBC the country's environmental problems have reached crisis levels.
RealNetworks Inc. is merging its RealPlayer and Music Services business units into a single group so that the teams can collaborate on developing new products and services, the company announced Thursday.
Real Madrid have played down speculation linking former Newcastle United manager Sir Bobby Robson with a move to the Santiago Bernabeu.
 SAN DIEGO, Calif. (Sports Network) - San Diego Chargers  quarterback Drew Brees will be under center for this Sunday's  contest versus the Denver Broncos.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Golf, rugby and squash are on a  shortlist of five sports to be assessed for possible inclusion  in the 2012 Olympics.
Martha Stewart hooks up with reality television guru Mark Burnett to reinvent Martha.
LONDON (CBS.MW) -- British bank Barclays on Thursday said it is in talks to buy a majority stake in South African bank ABSA. Free!
Electrolux AB, the world #39;s biggest maker of household appliances, said second-half profit will be less than forecast as costs for materials including steel surge.
Over a month and a half after completing Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2), Microsoft has finally released the first patch that fixes a problem with that release.
With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
The season once held so much promise. There were gold medal dreams, Grand Slam possibilities and aspirations of continued dominance.
Syrian military units withdrew from Lebanon in the early hours of today (Thursday) morning in the framework of a large- scale redeployment operation by the Syrian forces.
Italy expressed appreciation over Syria #39;s efforts in combating terrorism, pointing to its important role in foiling a terrorist attack that was targeting the Italian and Western interests in Lebanon.
Three armed Palestinians infiltrated the Jewish settlement of Morag in southern Gaza on Thursday morning, killing three Israelis and injuring another, according to Israeli military sources.
Mount Asama #39;s mid-sized eruption set off a loud blast and shook a nearby town. It also sprinkled small bits on ash on downtown Tokyo.
Sales of MP3 players are rocketing, fuelled by falling unit prices, integration of MP3 support into a wider range of devices and the creation of legal music download websites.
Rite Aid Corp. reported a second-quarter profit of \$9.8 million on Thursday, citing better cash flows and a reduction in inventory expenses.
Two days after the American trade embargo was lifted from Libya, the European Union yesterday approved to lift the economic sanctions imposed on Tripoli in addition to lifting arms sales to it.
A closely watched measure of future economic activity fell in August for a third consecutive month, reflecting an uncertain climate for both businesses and consumers.
update Former CEO Sanjay Kumar is indicted as Computer Associates agrees to a \$225 million settlement in an ongoing accounting probe.
AP - They tasted like tomatoes, but in the pitch black it was hard to tell. A couple at the next table was obviously struggling with eating blind, too.
Flood victims in Haiti are buried in a mass grave, amid more warnings of the threat of disease.
Offering a simple, "Thank you America," Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi addressed a joint meeting of Congress .
Federal officials are trying to prosecute operators of Web sites that recruit terrorists.
Andrew Corp. Thursday forecast a fiscal fourth-quarter loss on lower revenue, citing rising raw materials costs and weak demand in North America as two large customers that are about to 
Jordan #39;s boss Eddie Jordan promised here on Thursday that he would fight to stay in next season #39;s Formula One championship despite the tough situation he faces.
Britain yesterday ruled out negotiating with the abductors of a Briton in Iraq, despite a desperate plea for help from the hostage.
Calls for the deployment of substantial African forces to Sudan to end the slaughter in Darfur were agreed by Liberal Democrats today.
A woman has attacked two works of art at a controversial Berlin exhibition given by the heir of a convicted Nazi industrialist, before shouting that she forgave their owner, police say.
A modest proposal from Orlowski. No, really...
AP - A closely watched measure of future economic activity fell in August for a third consecutive month, reflecting an uncertain climate for both businesses and consumers.
The Labor Department said Thursday that claims, reflecting the impact of hurricanes in Florida, increased by a seasonally adjusted 14,000, to 350,000.
Electrolux, the world #39;s largest maker of household appliances, said Thursday that earnings in the second half of 2004 would be below forecasts because of higher steel prices.
Some outlets are reporting that Sony has decided to add native mp3 support to its digital music players, but the electronics giant says it has not yet made a final decision.
United Nations atomic agency inspectors are to head to Brazil next month to try to resolve a dispute after Brazilian authorities denied the agency access to a uranium enrichment facility.
Passengers leave a Virgin Blue jetliner after arriving at Maroochy Airport, on Queensland #39;s Sunshine Coast. Photo:Andy Zakeli.
Inditex, the Spanish fashion group which owns Zara and Massimo Dutti, agrees to ditch fur just days before widespread demonstrations.
UK lender Barclays says it is in talks with South Africa's Absa about buying a majority stake in the bank.
WASHINGTON : A closely watched index of future economic activity fell 0.3 percent in August, the third consecutive monthly decline, the Conference Board said on Thursday.
LONDON - Google could be planning to launch a web browser to challenge the dominance of Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer, according to widespread industry speculation.
The study, which was conducted by Yahoo and media agency OMD, examined the way in which 13 US households reacted to being denied access to the internet for two weeks.
The MultiMediaCard Association (MMCA) has just announced that its super-small MMC cards will be adopting new logos and capabilities.
com September 21, 2004, 2:07 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
A new, optional log-on service from America Online that makes it harder for scammers to access a persons online account will not be available for Macintosh 
New Sheffield Wednesday manager Paul Sturrock is adamant he has learned from mistakes he made during his troubled time at Southampton.
Megawati Sukarnoputri has declined to concede defeat in Indonesia #39;s first direct presidential election, although with most votes counted, she is too far 
WORKERS at Sydney airport have emerged as the prime suspects for the planting of a suspicious package in the cargo bay of a Virgin Blue 737 aircraft on Monday.
 DUBAI (Reuters) - Are foreign hostages hapless victims of  militants abusing Islam or casualties of the U.S.-led  occupation of Iraq?
 BERLIN (Reuters) - A German man has been arrested on  suspicion of arranging the supply of nuclear arms equipment to  a foreign state, German federal prosecutors said Thursday.
A closely watched measure of future economic activity fell in August for a third consecutive month, reflecting an uncertain climate for both businesses and consumers.
Putting aside efforts to control the federal deficit before the elections, Republican and Democratic leaders agreed in principle on Wednesday to extend \$150 billion 
Twelve years and 55,000 entries later, the herculean task of updating the  #39;Oxford Dictionary of National Biography #39; has finally been completed.
The wife of British hostage Kenneth Bigley begs his captors to show mercy and set him free.
BRAD HODGE was not waiting to be asked if he would be included in the Australian Test team. He got on the front foot and made the call himself.
A SECRET government report says Muslim guerillas in the southern Philippines have hosted terror training camps for militants from Indonesia and Malaysia for at least seven years.
The former CEO of Computer Associates International Inc. pleaded not guilty Thursday at his arraignment on federal securities fraud and other charges, becoming the most senior official 
Word on the Web is that Google may be thinking of releasing a Web browser--possibly one based on the open-source Mozilla code. The company now owns www.
With their 64-bit chip war running at full tilt, rivals Intel and AMD (Quote, Chart) are bolstering efforts on their value-priced lineups.
WHEELCHAIR racing champion Louise Sauvage yesterday won silver in her pet event, leaving her just one more shot at a 10th Paralympic gold medal before retirement.
NORTH Korean missile bases are under close surveillance after increased activity detected by US and Japanese surveillance raised fears Pyongyang might be preparing to launch a missile across the Sea of Japan.
The charges against the former chief executive, Sanjay Kumar, were revealed Wednesday after the company agreed to a \$225 million settlement.
Management keeps growing and buying back shares even as the retailer struggles.
SPACE.com - Floating free above Earth and carrying out an experiment in space has long been the preserve of orbiting travelers, but at taxpayer's expense.
 PARIS (Reuters) - French carmaker Renault is thinking about  making a compact sports car based on its Clio city runabout, a  top company executive said on Thursday.
AFP - Sterling pared some of its losses but remained weak, particularly against the euro after the dovish minutes from the Monetary Policy Committee's last meeting were released.
AP - A U.S. Marine was killed while conducting security operations in Anbar province, the military said Thursday.
USATODAY.com - A number of spending initiatives promoted by President Bush as he seeks re-election are set to get less money than he wants from the Republicans who control Congress.
Offering a simple, "Thank you America," interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi addressed a joint meeting of Congress.
The US Labor Department said Thursday the number of workers filing first-time applications for unemployment benefits hit a three-week high last week.
APOLLO 16 astronaut Charles Duke was a fighter pilot in Germany when US president John F. Kennedy announced America was going to the moon.
US House members accused IBM Corp. and other IT vendors Wednesday of breaking the rules in a much-criticized program designed to help schools and libraries purchase Internet equipment.
AP - Justin Gatlin followed his Olympic victory by capturing the 100 meters Thursday at the Yokohama Super Track and Field meet while former world-record holder Maurice Greene finished fifth.
The former CEO of NetScreen Technologies has moved on to a new upstart. Can he make the same magic work again?
The deal is expected to be a boon for Microsoft, which has been struggling for a bigger share of the cell phone software market.
New music sharing network allows users to amass points by referring buyers.
Microsoft's decision to push back a 64-bit Windows will not hurt chip sales, company says.
Halliburton plans to shed its KBR engineering and construction unit if the company's share performance does not match its peers, it said today.
US credit card processing firm Authorize.Net is fighting a sustained distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack that has left it struggling to stay online.\
Bank of America says it #39;s moving one of its four major business lines to Boston. The news of the decision to move the Wealth and Investment Management Business to Boston comes 
Minardi boss, Paul Stoddart has insisted that his team will be on the grid in 2005, even if they have to do it with their own engine.
The weight of evidence to suggest that some Antarctic glaciers are melting at an increasing pace continues to build. The West Antarctic Ice Sheet (WAIS) has been melting naturally 
With speculation over big name coaches running wild, Real Madrid executive Jose Luis Cerrano insisted that the club were set to ride out the season with Mariano Garcia Remon.
Another group of militants claimed Thursday to have killed the two Italian women hostages in Iraq and promised to provide film proof of their beheading.
NATO allies agreed to expand the alliance #39;s training mission for Iraq #39;s armed forces after allaying French concerns that had delayed the plan for a week.
AP - About 300 Syrian soldiers in a convoy of trucks and armored vehicles crossed the Lebanese border into Syria early Thursday, Lebanese security officials said.
A slowdown in economic growth and oil prices hovering around \$48 per barrel renewed fears of disappointing third-quarter earnings Thursday and kept stocks mixed.
Compressed audio players - also known as MP3 players -re available in portable, home and automotive form factors and from major and minor consumer electronics manufacturers and PC vendors.
Intel today announced additions to its Celeron D entry level processor family. The new chips come with LGA775 packaging known from 90 nm Prescott Pentium 
AP - Tyler Hamilton will keep his Olympic cycling gold medal because a backup drug test was inconclusive, the International Olympic Committee said Thursday.
The parent company of the downtown Wonder Bread bakery filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection Wednesday in an attempt to restructure its struggling operations.
A key gauge of future economic activity weakened for a third straight month in August as costlier oil spread worry among consumers and businesses, a report from a business research group showed on Thursday .
With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
PARIS: Monaco moved top of Ligue 1 after a late winner by striker Emmanuel Adebayor on Sunday sealed troubled Paris St Germains second consecutive home defeat.
The move concentrates one of the company's four major business lines in the city and seeks to reassure Massachusetts officials that it is committed to the Northeast.
Dental supply company increases cash dividend by 14 amid torrid growth.
Linux seller gets piece of \$8.6 million French contract after exiting bankruptcy protection.
Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro will be online to host his second discussion on The Washington Post's holiday tech buying guide and answer your personal tech questions.
The country's Ministry of Finance chooses JBoss on Linux over Microsoft's BizTalk to run a key system.
The phone, due out in October, comes with a built-in megapixel camera. Also on tap: a wireless home-monitoring system.
The former CEO of NetScreen Technologies has moved on to a new upstart. Can he make the same magic work again?
Immersion Corp. said Wednesday a jury ordered Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. and its US unit to pay \$82 million in a patent infringement case.
The recent Internet Security Threat Report from security vendor Symantec painted a bleak picture for IT security - both now and into the future.
(Sports Network) - The Arizona Diamondbacks and Colorado Rockies will finish a three-game series with a doubleheader today at Coors Field.
The avalanche of injuries that has raced across the Notre Dame men #39;s basketball roster in recent months has now touched someone yet to play one minute for the Irish.
In a sharp change from just two months ago, Republicans are gaining a commanding position in the race for control of the US House and Senate.
Bank of America Corp. will move its Wealth and Investment Management division to its Boston offices. Of 10 senior executives that will be based in Boston, only two will come from Charlotte.
Shakhtar Donetsk #39;s Nigerian striker Julius Aghahowa will miss next week #39;s Champions League match against Barcelona with a knee injury.
The UN nuclear watchdog said on Thursday it was still talking with Brazil about inspecting its uranium enrichment plant despite Brazil #39;s assertion an inspection deal had been finalized.
USATODAY.com - NASA's plans to send robots and people to the moon and Mars threaten long-planned science missions, a national science panel warns.
PC World - New music sharing network allows users to amass points by referring buyers.
Ziff Davis - A quick resolution to the Mambo open-source copyright dispute seems unlikely now that one of the parties has rejected an offer for mediation.
Reuters - Israel charged on Thursday that\Iran had replaced Saddam Hussein as the world's primary\exporter of "terror, hate and instability."
AP - Reaction to Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi's speech Thursday to a joint meeting of Congress:
AFP - When Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi promised US lawmakers elections in Iraq would be held on time in January, Republicans roared and Democrats politely clapped despite their doubts.
Scientists have decoded the complete sequence of all DNA in the bacterium responsible for potentially deadly Legionnaires' disease.
The court said that Gov. Jeb Bush violated separation of powers when he signed a law to keep Terri Schiavo alive.
A closely watched gauge of future business activity fell in August for a third consecutive month, evidence that companies and consumers continue to navigate an uncertain economic climate.
Bank of America Corp., following pressure from Massachusetts authorities to justify job cuts and movement of business lines out of state, today unveiled plans to locate its wealth-management business in Boston.
 AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Scientists said on Monday they have  come up with a cell phone cover that will grow into a sunflower  when thrown away.
Scientists working in China have discovered an ancient swimming predator with a neck nearly twice as long as its body. Neck ribs line the reptiles 5.5-foot-long (1.
I was among the handful of media and announced crowd of 8,819 at Arrowhead Stadium on Wednesday night for the Championship Match of the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup.
Rutgers basketball player Shalicia Hurns was suspended from the team after pleading guilty to punching and tying up her roommate during a dispute over painkilling drugs.
Turkey has no more obstacles on its path toward the European Union (EU) entry talks, said a senior EU official here Thursday. Speaking after talks with Turkish Prime Minister 
The agreement was reached in Brussels on Wednesday after days of negotiations on the size and scope of the mission. In particular, France had refused to agree to the expanded NATO role in Iraq 
PC World - A software patch to protect your system is available from Microsoft.
The last 12 months have seen a huge rise in the number of so-called phishing attacks, say security experts.
A controversial campaign by Lycos Europe to attack websites run by spammers has been shut down.
Halliburton Co. said Thursday it would restructure its KBR unit and may shed the\business if the company's stock performance continues to lag behind peers.
General Electric Co. violated the law by failing to fully disclose to investors substantial perks paid to its retired chief executive Jack Welch, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced Thursday.
Insurance payouts for Hurricane Frances look set to reach \$4.4bn, making it the fourth most expensive storm in US history.
Dress Barn turns in good, not great, results and still blames the weather.
After hanging up on long distance, the carrier dials for profits through Net telephony.
Among other changes, the software giant has established a Web site designed to make it easier to understand what the program's rules are.
Linux seller gets piece of \$8.6 million French contract after exiting bankruptcy protection.
The new version of Works Suite includes Word 2002 plus updated editions of several other tools.
A software patch to protect your system is available from Microsoft.
Britain is ruling out negotiations with the captors of Kenneth Bigley, the only surviving member of the trio of American and British contractors taken hostage in Iraq last week.
Unit, a big operator in Iraq, will be separated if it doesn #39;t perform after restructuring. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Halliburton Co.
New York (CBS.MW) - Canadian stocks put in a mixed performance by midday, with the major indexes little changed on the session. Free!
AP - Environmental groups went to court Thursday against Bush administration rules that allow the use of new pesticides with fewer checks on how they affect endangered species.
AP - The Pentagon has restored access to a Web site that assists soldiers and other Americans living overseas in voting, after receiving complaints that its security measures were preventing legitimate voters from using it.
Donald J. Trump may have a new project for his apprentices - helping him try to figure out how to take his troubled casino company private after a proposed bailout fell through.
TORONTO (CP) - Stock markets were mainly lower Thursday afternoon as oil prices inched toward record levels and investors dealt with lacklustre economic data.
AP - Throughout the WNBA, the question this week has been: How on earth did the Washington Mystics make the playoffs without Chamique Holdsclaw?
US world number two Andy Roddick will face Belarus #39; Vladimir Voltchkov in the opening singles tie of their Davis Cup semi-final on Friday.
AP - Bears cornerback Todd McMillon just laughed when asked if he could guess what the Minnesota Vikings were thinking about the injuries that have devastated Chicago's secondary.
AP - The state appeals court Thursday declined to allow a new trial for a father convicted of beating a man to death at their sons' hockey practice.
AP - Rutgers basketball player Shalicia Hurns was suspended from the team after pleading guilty to punching and tying up her roommate during a dispute over painkilling drugs.
 Welcome, N.C. (Sports Network) - Robby Gordon was placed on  probation Thursday for the rest of the 2004 NASCAR Nextel Cup  Series season by Richard Childress Racing.
Last season, when the Boston Red Sox clinched the wild-card spot in the baseball postseason, the players staged a frenzied celebration on the field at Fenway Park.
Relying on a dense fog for cover, three Palestinian gunmen reached an Israeli Army outpost in the Gaza Strip early today and shot dead three soldiers before the attackers were themselves killed.
AP - Lycoming County officials and scientists are testing technology they hope will turn organic waste into profitable byproducts.
Corporate researchers working outside controversial federal restraints said on Thursday they had engineered human stem cells that they believe could be used to repair eyes.
A new report from Congress #39; research arm about  quot;offshoring quot; sheds little light about the controversial practice of sending services work abroad.
AP - Ireland has become the first country on earth to cut off direct-dialed calls to entire nations in a bid to crack down on Internet-based fraud.
The fossil of a sea reptile with a neck twice as long as its body is solving the mystery of how some ancient reptiles used their long appendages.
Ireland has become the first country on earth to cut off direct-dialed calls to entire nations in a bid to crack down on Internet-based fraud.
With apologies to the Mamas and Papas, California isn #39;t just dreamin #39; about the baseball playoffs as the regular seasons winds down.
Bobby Cox has guided the Braves to a record 12 consecutive division crowns. On Thursday, Atlanta can extend that streak to 13 with a win coupled with a loss by the Florida Marlins.
Reuters - Sniffer rescue dogs trained to find\explosives or earthquake survivors buried in rubble may soon\have some competition -- rats.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Britain's Tanni Grey-Thompson bounced  back from a disappointing show in the 800 meters to take gold  in the T53 100 meters Thursday.
Reviving its tradition of finally putting a sensible keyboard onto a phone - once all the alternatives have been exhausted - Nokia launched its 6670 model today.
Excellent titling and chroma key features. Fine stepping-stone for learning Premiere Pro. Good integration with Photoshop Elements.
Charleston, SC (Sports Network) - Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish will play singles for the United States in this weekend #39;s Davis Cup semifinal matchup against Belarus.
A panel of baseball owners met in Commissioner Bud Selig's office Thursday to discuss the fate of the Montreal Expos and the franchise's possible move to Washington.
AP - Gene Snyder's eighth-grade science students are supplying their own specimens for a dissection project in the spring.
AP - The search for new strategies to confront global warming takes center stage in Buenos Aires on Monday as thousands of environmentalists and government policy-makers gather for an international conference on climate change.
Bed Bath   Beyond's stock looks ripe for a fall, even though the numbers are good.
New report from Congress reveals little on extent of shipping IT and other services work abroad, as debate on the trend heats up.
Sub-Saharan bug builds huge, self-cooled nests. Research involves energy efficiency for skyscrapers.
The networking giant announces plans for its first research center in China and for a venture investment program in India.
The Conference Board reported Thursday that the Leading Economic Index fell for a third consecutive month in August, suggesting slower economic growth ahead amid rising oil prices.
US cyclist Tyler Hamilton will keep his gold medal from the Athens Games even though a test found illegal blood doping, the International Olympic Committee said.
BOSTON - Microsoft Corp. filed nine lawsuits against individuals and companies alleged to be involved in the distribution of spam, the company said Wednesday.
New lawsuits include one against a Web hosting company that called itself "bulletproof."
Beautiful display and plenty of power, but what's up with the nonadjustable base?
AP - Two University of New Mexico doctoral students will star in the Discovery Channel's new show "Mummy Autopsy."
General Electric Co. violated the law by failing to fully disclose to investors the many perks lavished on its retired chief executive Jack Welch, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Thursday.
A newly discovered Triassic reptile that has a neck much longer than its body is reopening a question long thought settled: what good is a long neck?
The Internet security community is preparing for a working virus or worm attack based on the Microsoft JPEG exploit revealed last week.
com September 22, 2004, 5:04 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Having returned to the New England Patriots on Tuesday after a three-week absence, running back Kevin Faulk acknowledged the obvious.
While expressing anger at calls to halt its uranium enrichment activities, Iran still found a way to keep the door open for dialogue.
Automakers on Wednesday attacked a California plan to regulate automotive emissions of global warming gases. The state #39;s proposal  quot;clearly goes far beyond what is reasonable 
The federal government seeks \$280 billion from the tobacco companies, using laws designed to combat the Mafia.
NEW YORK, Sept. 22 -- A surge in oil prices and a disappointing earnings report from Morgan Stanley were cited as factors in significant stock market losses Wednesday.
Efforts to help save the life of Kenneth Bigley held captive in Iraq, intensified when Irish politicians made an appeal to Bigley #39;s captors.
A bill to transfer the nation's cybersecurity director from the Department of Homeland Security to the White House is "dead on arrival," according to sources.
PeopleSoft's NOW program, unveiled this week at Connect 2004, will allow World, Enterprise and EnterpriseOne customers a free technical upgrade, management services and training.
The chief enforcement officer for the Business Software Alliance told attendees at a Gartner asset management conference yesterday that software audit raids with federal marshals and court orders against enterprise customers are rare.
Networking giant Cisco Systems this week announced plans for increased investment in Asia, including a new research and development facility in China and a venture investment program in India.
Medical device maker Cyberonics Inc. said Thursday that it filed additional data with the Food and Drug Administration for its VNS therapy system designed to treat depression.
com September 23, 2004, 9:53 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
which bows to no conference commissioner, has its own network and grazes from coast to coast for prestigious opponents -- could be changing its scheduling philosophy.
Reuters - Scientists said on Monday they have\come up with a cell phone cover that will grow into a sunflower\when thrown away.
AP - "Eat your spinach," Mom used to say. "It will make your muscles grow, power your laptop and recharge your cell phone... "
InfoWorld - Enterprise software takes an evolutionary step forward as Edge Dynamics and Tibco Software develop software that combines elements of both ERP and BI applications.
A section of a 4.5km-long hotel complex built by the Nazis as a holiday camp is sold at auction.
Rebels launch an attack outside the western Sudanese region of Darfur, killing eight people, officials say.
Public broadcaster SABC apologises after news bulletin shows footage of American beheaded in Iraq.
The former Soviet leader tells BBC's Newsnight terrorism can only be tackled by political means, just weeks after the Beslan school seige tragedy.
There's an old truth about hurricanes: they take out the trees that gardeners don't have the heart to cut down.
Ziff Davis - With a common goal of providing a more constant, smoother and faster development cycle, new technologies are being put directly into Linux kernel 2.6.x.
Under threat of hostile takeover, PeopleSoft offers freebies to customers that migrate to latest software release
AP - Six local schools will have solar energy systems installed over the next year. The systems are expected to lower utility bills and teach students about renewable energy.
US regulators yesterday levelled fraud charges against three former executives of Computer Associates (CA), including Sanjay Kumar, the US software companys former head.
You can still get your baby, your dog, even your prized  #39;65 Mustang on a sheet of postage stamps and immortalize them in letters to your friends.
Credit-card transaction processing firm Authorize.Net has been hit by a series of distributed denial-of-service attacks that have caused temporary disruptions in service to some of its customers.
A newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.
Ireland has become the first country on earth to cut off direct-dialed calls to entire nations in a bid to crack down on Internet-based fraud.
Representatives of IBM Corp. and two other vendors offered to pay commissions to an educators group for any business that its members sent to them under a national program 
FIFA is looking at ways to help players prepare better for major international tournaments starting with the 2006 World Cup. The Football Committee and Technical and Development 
The family of Ken Bigley, the Briton kidnapped in Iraq, have released a statement through the Foreign and Commonwealth Office appealing for his safe release.
 RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Brazil coach Carlos Alberto  Parreira is more worried about playing rank outsiders Venezuela  than the likes of Germany or Argentina.
The Bush administration announced Thursday it would provide US refineries with limited quantities #39; #39; of crude oil from the nation #39;s emergency stockpile to help offset supply 
Brazil coach Carlos Alberto Parreira is more worried about playing rank outsiders Venezuela than the likes of Germany or Argentina.
PC World - Upcoming smart phone will feature a mobile version of F-Secure's antivirus software.
The Energy Department is reviewing requests for oil loans from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve following the recent hurricanes, the government said today.
roundup Plus: Jail time for California swappers?...Microsoft updates home PC package...LookSmart buys Furl.net.
The California Air Resources Board opened a two-day meeting Thursday to set a final plan to reduce carbon-dioxide emissions by 30 percent before 2016.
Youth was served in a big way for the Cardinals at Miller Park on Thursday afternoon. Rookies Yadier Molina and Hector Luna combined for six hits and all four RBIs as St.
A few years ago, Ichiro Suzuki spent three days on his own wandering around the Hall of Fame, hoping to learn about the history of baseball in America.
NEW YORK - One thing Bernard Hopkins knockout of Oscar De La Hoya hasnt changed for the middleweight champion: he still needs to beat Roy Jones to feel fulfilled.
Peter Forsberg signs with MoDo of the Swedish Elite League while Rick Nash and Joe Thornton have an auspicious debut with HC Davos of the Swiss Elite League.
Also: company announces it exceeded 2 million subscribers over Labor Day weekend. \
Upcoming smart phone will feature a mobile version of F-Secure's antivirus software.
Pressure is rising to establish an Iraqi military capable of securing the country by January elections.
Quiet efforts are afoot in the southern city of Shenzhen to thwart corruption by professionalizing the civil service.
AT amp;T Corp. said Thursday that California #39;s decision to raise wholesale telephone rates will decrease competition between local carriers.
Sony #39;s apparently gotten the message: Some of its new MP3 player models will feature direct support for MP3 in addition to its proprietary ATRAC format.
A recently detected exploit code foreshadows a likely worm-style attack on Windows machines plagued with the JPEG vulnerability made public last week, security experts said Thursday.
Applied Micro Circuits Corp., a communications chip maker, on Thursday said it expects lower second-quarter revenue compared to its first quarter, based on soft sales in Asia and lower orders.
The Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee approved a bill that sets a 2008 deadline for clearing broadcasters from wireless spectrum promised to public safety agencies.
AP - A few years ago, Ichiro Suzuki spent three days on his own wandering around the Hall of Fame, hoping to learn about the history of baseball in America.
AP - Eddie George left Tennessee with a bunch of team rushing records. In just his third NFL start, Chris Brown now has an opportunity to do something George never could.
AP - Jeff Francis pitched six strong innings and the Colorado Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7-1 Thursday in the first game of a doubleheader.
AP - "Pops" has gotten the green light from the NCAA to play football at South Carolina.
AP - Andy Roddick and the rest of the U.S. Davis Cup team figure it's about time the country reclaimed the championship.
Linebacker LaVar Arrington is likely to undergo arthroscopic knee surgery, Joe Gibbs said, and would be sidelined two-to-four weeks.
IT managers may need more storage to handle all the storage announcements that occurred at this week's Storage Decisions show in Chicago as well as several other independent announcements.
Identity theft meets the global virus epidemic, enabling fraud that finally gets people's attention. 
In any aspect of life you would like to think that eventually - in some way, shape or form - that justice will be done, that the right thing would happen to the right people.
Secretary of State Colin Powell appealed to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat on Thursday to step aside for the sake of achieving his lifetime goal of a Palestinian state.
AFP - Britain backs bids by Brazil, Germany, India and Japan for permanent seats on the UN Security Council, British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said.
World number-one Vijay Singh of Fiji hopes to win his eighth PGA Tour event this year as he competes in the 84 Lumber Classic golf tournament beginning Thursday, in Pennsylvania.
Famously, now, there was no scoreboard at the 18th green at Oakland Hills so Colin Montgomerie had no idea his putt was for the Ryder Cup.
SAN DIEGO (Ticker) -- The San Diego Padres look to keep their slim playoff hopes alive Thursday by completing a sweep of the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Seattle SuperSonics: The Sonics signed Turkish shooting guard Ibrahim Kutluay, who lit up the United States Olympic team in a pair of exhibition games this summer.
Linebacker LaVar Arrington is likely to undergo arthroscopic knee surgery, according to Coach Joe Gibbs, and would be sidelined two-to-four weeks.
A shadowy Islamic organisation yesterday claimed it had decapitated two Italian women kidnapped in Baghdad a fortnight ago, promising to show the event on the internet.
SYDNEY - Australia promised swift action to plug gaps in its air security yesterday after an incendiary device was found on a jet operated by domestic airline Virgin Blue.
Dogs can be trained to sniff out bladder cancer, scientists say they have proven for the first time.
Founders of Dreamworks film studio  feature on Forbes' 2004 list of the richest 400 people in America.
AP - The United States will join with Australia and Madagascar in arguing that great white sharks need to be protected through new global trade restrictions.
AP - The first baby conceived after an ovarian tissue transplant was born Thursday in Belgium in a procedure that could one day allow women to delay motherhood beyond menopause.
NEW YORK - It looks like the U.S. billionaire's club isn't quite as exclusive as it once was...
The US government is to let oil refineries borrow crude from its emergency stockpile to make up for supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.
Sony has embarked on a potential collision course with music groups, including its own Sony BMG joint venture, over MP3 digital song files.
Nokia today announced its latest addition to its collection of megapixel imaging smartphones. It also announced its first Bluetooth GPS receiver.
Verizon Communications Inc. on Tuesday said it reached an interim line-sharing agreement with Internet service provider Covad Communications Group Inc.
Just two days after New York #39;s Museum of Modern Art closed its spectacularly successful temporary exhibit in Berlin, the spotlight turned to another attention-grabbing art display in the German 
Ireland has become the first country to cut off direct-dialled calls to entire countries in a bid to crack down on Internet-based fraud.
BOISE, Idaho - No. 23 Boise State attempts to stretch the longest winning steak in Division I to 15 games Friday when it hosts Brigham Young of the Mountain West Conference.
CEO Carly Fiorina says problem that dented last quarter's financial results is a thing of the past.
The California Air Resources Board on Thursday reviewed a proposal to cut greenhouse gas emissions from cars and prepared to vote on the plan on Friday.
Online auction giant eBay is entering the music download business with a service that will market content from major record labels.
US warplanes blasted insurgent positions in Sadr City, and American ground troops pushed into the sprawling Baghdad slum Thursday in a 
Oracle has again pushed back the expiration date on its offer for PeopleSoft stock.
Barclays said on Thursday it was in talks with Absa, South Africa #39;s largest retail bank, about a possible recommended partial offer for a majority stake.
Talks between Caterpillar and the United Auto Workers resumed Thursday. The only decision made was to meet again at a future date.
Imposing government security standards on software companies is not the answer to improving the security of the country #39;s computer networks, a US Department of Homeland Security official said Thursday.
Japan has reportedly dispatched surveillance ships to the Sea of Japan, believing that North Korea may be preparing to launch a ballistic missile.
North Korea threatened yesterday to turn Japan into a  quot;nuclear sea of fire quot; if it comes under attack from the United States.
The Associated Press By Ted Bridis
Barclays is on the verge of buying control of South Africa #39;s biggest retail bank, marking its return to the country where it infamously operated during the apartheid era.
A group of companies led by Sony Corp. of America put a lock on its acquisition of film studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. for about \$2.
The 86-year-old mother of the Iraq hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared in public for the first time to beg for his release yesterday as the desperate waiting game entered its second week.
Japanese and US reconnaissance information indicates that North Korea might be preparing to test-fire either a Nodong or Taepodong ballistic missile, Japanese government sources said Thursday.
Don't say the O word at PeopleSoft's conference, where the company tries to entice customers to stick around and upgrade.
You #39;ve made your Web browser a part of the operating system, and you #39;ve effectively vanquished every other Web browser in the world to minimal importance.
After years of preparation and US\$325 million of investment, Shanghai is ready to host the Formula One Grand Prix for the first time this weekend, on September 26.
Apparently, that was more than just a 38-yard touchdown pass Giants receiver Tim Carter caught Sunday. The first touchdown reception of Carter #39;s National Football 
Dr Manmohan Singh said international networks of terror appear to cooperate more effectively between themselves than the nations they target.
Seldom has the gulf between diplomatic talk and effective action been as stark as it was this week at the United Nations. Yesterday President Bush, speaking before the 
One bill safeguards wireless phone numbers; the other targets malicious snoops.
AP - A senior scientist at Los Alamos National Laboratory says he is one of two employees being fired over an accident this summer in which an intern was injured by a laser.
Not enough is being done to prevent the spread of HIV among Asian drug users, researchers say.
A Swedish team believes the chances of a person committing suicide is partly determined as early as birth.
BARCLAYS has started talks with Absa, South Africas largest retail bank, in one of its first moves under the leadership of John Varley.
Scientists who have peered through space to a time when light first filled the universe urged NASA (news - web sites) on Thursday to ensure a Hubble Space 
A solar cell made with spinach has been developed that promises electronic devices incorporating photosynthesis, the highly efficient process plants use to produce energy from sunlight.
If you #39;re one of about 200 million people using older versions of Windows and you want the latest security enhancements to Internet Explorer, get your credit card ready.
World number four Phil Mickelson withdrew on Thursday from the WGC-American Express Championship being held in Kilkenny, Ireland next week.
When the Terrapins host their annual "Midnight Madness" celebration Oct. 15 at Comcast Center, Maryland will hold a Gary Williams look-alike contest.
Two former executives of Computer Associates International pleaded not guilty to charges of securities fraud and obstruction of justice.
US industrial group General Electric received a slap on the wrist from the securities and exchange commission for failing to disclose the retirement package given to former chief executive officer Jack Welch.
Recent history tells me a lot when it comes to picking the top contenders for Sunday #39;s Nextel Cup race at Dover (Del.) International Speedway.
Washington linebacker LaVar Arrington underwent arthroscopic knee surgery Thursday, ruling him out of Monday night #39;s meeting with Dallas.
Three Israeli soldiers, including an officer, were shot dead by Palestinians who slipped unnoticed into their outpost at a settlement in the Gaza Strip yesterday.
Ziff Davis - New hires, a domain-name registration and Mozilla bugs lead to speculation that Google is preparing a Web browser, but the clues could point in many directions.
AP - Oracle Corp. extended its hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc. for the 12th time, pushing the tender offer through Oct. 8.
Cisco Systems, the world #39;s largest maker of equipment for directing Internet traffic says China is well on the way to becoming the world #39;s technology hub.
A Google Web browser is the latest in the never-ending speculation about what search leader Google Inc. is going to do next after raising \$1.
Description: New evidence is reported that rising global temperatures could have rapid effects on the Antarctic ice pack and on ocean levels.
Japan sent two destroyers and a surveillance airplane to the Sea of Japan on Thursday, American and Japanese government officials said, after the United States and Japan detected 
KATHMANDU: Thousands of opposition party supporters rallied in the Nepalese capital yesterday demanding the king return sovereignty to the people.
The Yankees reserved a spot in October for the 10th year in a row, assuring themselves of no worse than a wild card.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Vancouver Canucks captain Markus Naslund won #39;t be heading home to Sweden to play hockey after all, according to a report.
The Toyota Prius petrol and electric hybrid car which has become such a hit in recent months with the green-thinking Hollywood set is about to be given a run for its money.
Many of the D.C. businesses that would be taxed to help pay for a new baseball stadium said Thursday that they support the preliminary details of the proposal.
Clear Channel Radio has inked a five-year deal to have Fox News Radio serve as its primary national news service for more than 100 of its news/talk stations beginning in 2005.
Security forces in Nigeria say they have killed 27 Muslim militants who staged attacks in the north east.
(Hartford-AP Sept. 23, 2004 2:00 PM) _ The perks paid to retired General Electric Chief Executive Jack Welch have gotten the company in trouble with a federal agency.
Troubled nuclear power group British Energy today said it was removing itself from the stock market in a bid to stop rebel shareholders scuppering its rescue package.
HELSINKINokia Corp.s new Nokia Remote Camera wireless home monitoring solution features an integrated motion detector and video capture with sound.
Ice is sliding off the Antarctic continent much faster than it did during the 1990s, several teams of researchers have found. On the Antarctic Peninsula that sticks out from the western side of the continent 
The seriousness of an already critical flaw in the way a Microsoft component processes JPEG files got ratcheted up a notch this week as exploit code began circulating.
September 24, 2004. The Football Association have released a statement to deny reports that have suggested the role of England manager will be reduced to a part-time position.
Kashmir will be the focus of the first talks between India's Manmohan Singh and Pakistan's Pervez Musharraf.
The low-carbohydrate diet craze has prompted a skinnier fiscal 2005 earnings forecast from MGP Ingredients Inc., the company said Monday.
In a sign that Iraq contracts did not provide the boon executives had expected from KBR, Halliburton is considering selling it.
The court said that Gov. Jeb Bush violated separation of powers when he signed a law to keep Terri Schiavo alive.
The Thursday morning operation aimed at the large Shiite Muslim slum is part of an effort to dismantle the militia loyal to rebel cleric Moqtada Sadr.
Men's clothing retailer offsets slow same-store sales with tight expense controls.
Federal regulators raised the possibility of a management shake-up at Fannie Mae to clean up its culture and finances.
They were unwieldy pond-dwelling predators with long necks that didn #39;t have enough joints and neck ribs that must have kept their heads practically immobile.
Scientists have found a remarkable new structure deep within the West Antarctic Ice Sheet which suggests that the whole ice sheet is more susceptible to future change than previously thought.
Maurice Greene will be seeking belated revenge after losing his Olympic 100 meters title to Justin Gatlin when the two Americans meet in an international meeting Thursday.
With an NHL lockout in place, more than 150 players have signed to play in European leagues, including Peter Forsberg and Markus Naslund with Modo (Sweden).
Is it possible that Giants fans have seen the last of the dynamic Jeremy Shockey that bursts through the screen and opposing defenses as he dominates highlight films near and far?
The British and Iraqi governments said they would not bow to the demands of militants threatening to kill a British hostage, despite tearful pleas from the captive and his family.
South Korean Foreign Minister Ban Ki Moon said Thursday that intelligence indicating a possible launch of a North Korean ballistic missile is  quot;very much alarming 
US Airways also said it would reduce or stop contributions to some employee retirement plans and would end its commitment to keep 279 aircraft in its fleet.
Former government undersecretary William Schneider Jr. says the United States needs better identity authentication practices.
The final days of the Montreal Expos are painful to watch. Few do. When the scattered fans at Olympic Stadium try to rally the team, they bang the empty seats beside them.
Donald J. Trump may have a new project for his apprentices -elping him try to figure out how to take his troubled casino company private after a proposed bailout fell through.
Striking a compromise between his commitments to job and religion, Shawn Green told the Dodgers that he will play Friday night in San Francisco, but sit out Saturday #39;s 
The AMR Corporation, the parent of American Airlines, said late Wednesday that it would probably not meet its revenue forecasts for the busy August travel season because 
Israel charged on Thursday that Iran had replaced Saddam Hussein as the world #39;s primary exporter of  quot;terror, hate and instability.
AP - Christina Kim shot a 7-under 64 Thursday and held a one-stroke lead over Rachel Teske after the first round of the LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge.
The Mystics had to rally late in the season so desperately that the team welcomed a chance to take in the fact that they have a chance at a championship.
The Bush administration is moving toward releasing oil from the nation #39;s emergency stockpiles as a result of disruptions to production and imports caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Halliburton Co. said yesterday that it may sell its Kellogg Brown  amp; Root subsidiary, the largest government contractor in Iraq.
Investment banking firm Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. is nearing an agreement to pay approximately \$200 million to settle a shareholder lawsuit over its work for bankrupt 
DENVER - On a day when Colorado pitching dominated at Coors Field, a bloop single by Jeromy Burnitz gave the Rockies a doubleheader sweep.
The first points of interest that struck Baltimore Ravens defensive end Marques Douglas when Steelers rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger entered the game were his eyes.
GAME NOTES: The fourth-ranked Miami Hurricanes take to the road for the first time this season, as they travel to Reliant Stadium in Houston, to take on the 
The Bush administration is moving toward releasing oil from the nation's emergency stockpiles as a result of disruptions to production and imports caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Federal regulators question the ability of the company's management to correct its extensive problems.
Reserve staff predicted in August that the economy would grow through next year, in part because interest rates would remain relatively low during that time.
The House and the Senate overwhelmingly approved the \$146 billion measure, sending President Bush what would be his fourth tax cut in four years.
Morgan Stanley and Bear Stearns Companies posted a drop in quarterly profits on Wednesday, surprising some investors one day after two 
A gauge of future business activity fell in August, indicating company managers and US consumers remain uncertain about the economy.
Sony has long been of the mindset that they can develop media formats (ie Betamax) which are superior to ones already in the marketplace.
A newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.
Microsoft filed nine lawsuits against individuals and companies alleged to be involved in the distribution of spam, the company says.
When the Dodgers face the San Francisco Giants this weekend in a three-game series beginning in San Francisco this weekend, most Jews will be in synagogue for the holiest day of the year.
The Red Sox' archrivals from the Bronx arrive for three games this weekend to finish Boston's home schedule before the playoffs.
Scores off of a blocked punt and a fumble recovery and the rushing of Tyrone Moss leads No. 4 Miami to a sluggish 38-13 victory over Houston on Thursday night.
To beat Hurricane Jeanne to Florida and protect any players who fear such flying, the Steelers moved up their Miami flight plans to dinnertime tonight -- some 20 hours ahead of their original schedule.
Asia focused bank Standard Chartered is eyeing Absa, after Barclays said it was in talks with South Africa #39;s biggest bank, the Times has reported.
AP - An upcoming video game lets players re-enact the Swift boat mission in Vietnam that won Sen. John Kerry a Silver Star award for battlefield heroism.
The European Commission is set to give US software giant Oracle the go-ahead to take over arch-rival PeopleSoft in a \$7.7 billion (4.
An Australian researcher who helped develop a revolutionary blood-doping test said Friday more sophisticated versions are on the way that could nab all drug cheats within two years.
Britain said Thursday the Security Council should be nearly doubled in size to 24 nations, with Germany, Japan, India and Brazil becoming permanent members.
Manugistics Group Inc., facing falling revenue and losses that more than doubled in its second quarter, said Thursday it will lay off more than 90 employees by the end of January.
Formula One teams are pulling out all the stops to wow the crowds for the Grand Prix debut in the Chinese city of Shanghai. The race is one of the biggest global sporting events to 
MILWAUKEE Major League Baseball #39;s executive council met for three hours yesterday but made no formal recommendation on whether the Montreal Expos should move to Washington next season.
The Internet Engineering Task Force closed its working group Wednesday after it failed to agree on an e-mail authentication standard.
Microsoft expanded the scope of its spam litigation with a lawsuit against a Web hosting company it has accused of catering to spammers.
In a major setback for drug testers, American cyclist Tyler Hamilton will not lose his Olympic gold medal after an error in the handling of his specimen.
Not only are the Marlins #39; playoff hopes disappearing, the defending World Series champions are in danger of slipping out of second place in the National League East.
Michael Jordan averaged 20 points and six rebounds for the Washington Wizards in the 2002-2003 season, the last time he suited up.
Two Israeli policemen died preventing a female suicide bomber from entering a packed Jerusalem bus shelter yesterday, probably saving many other lives.
Liverpool could be about to be taken over by a new suitor, according to reports.
Though she #39;s headed for prison, Martha Stewart will still receive her \$900,000 salary and possible bonuses under a new employment contract, her company said in 
NEW YORK -- Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc. stock soared yesterday after the firm confirmed a collaboration with reality-show guru Mark Burnett.
Symantec has announced that several of its firewalls and gateways are vulnerable to denial of service attacks, and has released firmware to fix them.
Olympic time trial champion Tyler Hamilton has secured his gold after being cleared of any doping offense at the Athens Olympics, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) said on Thursday.
The cars finally set to the track for the first official practice Friday for the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix, with seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher down the list.
The brother of a British hostage being held in Iraq accused the United States on Thursday of sabotaging efforts to spare the man #39;s life.
Friday #39;s European papers offer a distinctly cool reaction as the prospect of  quot;Turkey in Europe quot; appears to move one step closer.
THE MOST popular purveyor of operating systems in the known world, Microsoft is set to gain PR points by issuing lawsuits against Hotmail spammers.
Following recent reports indicating that North Korea may be preparing to test fire a missile intelligence agencies worldwide are keeping tabs on the latest information.
A Chinese human rights activist who worked as a researcher for the New York Times has been detained on charges of leaking state secrets, said his lawyer on Friday.
Halliburton will restructure its Kellogg, Brown and Root subsidiary and may even sell the business should it continue to underperform rivals.
Oil prices fall back to just above \$48 after the US government offers to loan crude to refiners.
World Investment Report 2004 released yesterday by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) indicated that Morocco, Angola, Equitoria Guinea, Nigeria and Sudan have 
When Halliburton was awarded contracts worth more than \$12 billion for work in Iraq, critics said that the company was using its political connections to reap big profits.
The California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) approved a proposal that will increase wholesale rates for SBC #39;s California service territory by 20 percent.
Tyler Hamilton will keep his title as an Olympics cycling champion, but he faces an uphill climb to restore his reputation and avoid a ban from his sport.
Michael Jordan averaged 20 points and six rebounds for the Washington Wizards in the 2002-2003 season, the last time he suited up.
Chinese research assistant in the Beijing bureau of The New York Times has been detained on suspicion of revealing state secrets. The research assistant, Zhao Yan, was detained on Sept.
The NDP #39;s second annual conference will end today with Gamal Mubarak #39;s Policies Committee having consolidated its leadership of the ruling party.
The company's upcoming earnings increases aren't exactly the stuff of investment dreams.
Two storms have revived, with Hurricane Ivan lashing Louisiana again and Hurricane Jeanne appearing to head for, yes, Florida.
Some of Antarctica's glaciers have accelerated their seaward march, suggesting that ocean levels might be irreversibly on the rise for centuries to come.
A 32-year-old woman in Belgium has become the first woman ever to give birth after having ovarian tissue removed, frozen and then implanted back in her body.
AP - Russia took its case for expanding the global war against terrorism to the United Nations, demanding the Security Council draw up a new list of terror suspects who would be subject to extradition.
AFP - Sudan condemned UN threats of sanctions against Khartoum, saying they would only undermine efforts to restore security in the devastated western region of Darfur.
The UN's refugee chief says Sudan should grant more autonomy to Darfur to try to end continuing violence.
A South Korean company sold more than 100 tonnes of a nerve agent component to the North, South Korea says.
Japan will use weekend talks with North Korea to ask about reports the North is preparing a missile test.
Nokia plans to release next month a new smart phone with a built-in megapixel camera, as part of an effort to expand its product portfolio.
Scientists from the University of Cambridge and the University of Exeter are suggesting that the evolution of the early Universe was much slower than previously thought.
AP - Mr. Raider is eager to hear cheers from the Black Hole one more time.
The former CEO of Computer Associates pleaded not guilty to federal securities fraud and other charges yesterday in a multibillion-dollar accounting scandal at the business software maker.
Bank of America Corp. confirmed yesterday it will locate its wealth management division in Boston and said it will move about 100 high-level jobs here.
Former Hampton schoolboy Paul Casey played a crucial role in Europe #39;s biggest ever Ryder Cup win last weekend even though he lost one of his two matches, writes Tony Flood.
Despite not getting a decision starting pitcher Park Chan-ho contributed to the Texas Rangers stirring 5-4 win Thursday that clinched a three-game series sweep of the Oakland As and moved 
Matt Kenseth was becoming irritated as he leaned against the inside wall of his hauler. Cant we talk about something else? he asked.
Oracle Corp (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) is likely to win clearance from the European Commission for its hostile takeover of rival software firm PeopleSoft Inc.
A consortium including Mandrakesoft, the Paris-based Linux seller that recently exited bankruptcy protection, has won a three-year contract worth 7m to improve Linux security.
Jimmy Rollins homered in the 10th inning, helping Philadelphia complete a three-game sweep of Florida with a 9-8 victory Thursday night.
The fomer director of the Iraqi war crimes tribunal said that interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi has taken over the court and could rush forward 
Students have developed a web-based tool which can automatically spot and update broken weblinks.
Earlier this week it emerged that Hamilton had failed two separate doping tests at the Athens Olympics and at this month #39;s Tour of Spain.
Indonesian prosecutors plan to file charges against detained cleric Abu Bakar Ba'asyir next week.
Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates must be bored of leading the pack on the Forbes list of richest Americans. Gates continues to be the richest man in America for the 11 th consecutive year.
The sport #39;s one-time bad boy returns to action in China this weekend after 12 months away with a new attitude and renewed hunger.
NAGOYA-A second weekend baseball strike was averted Thursday after team owners conceded to players #39; demands and ended the often-nasty labor dispute.
Iran has become the latest country to edge towards ditching the ubiquitous Microsoft computer operating system in favor of the open-source Linux solution, even if its refusal to abide 
Russia is calling for a crackdown on terrorists who seek political asylum to avoid prosecution, including the speedy extradition of terror suspects.
Yankees righthander Kevin Brown had the pins removed from his broken left hand, and will throw a bullpen session today.
As bruising and violent as most Sundays are around the NFL, it's hard to top last week's for physical pain.
Alonso thirteenth and Villeneuve fifteenth following a busy opening day at the Shanghai cirucit.
Bank of America Corp. confirmed yesterday it will locate its wealth management division in Boston and said it will move about 100 high-level jobs here.
Reuters - Swiss Re led European shares lower on\Friday, but Dutch conglomerate Philips helped limit market\losses as a chip sales warning was not as bad as feared.
A couple of weeks ago there was a big announcement in the computing world: Linux Standard Base 2.0 was released. Huh? you might ask.
Prime Minister John Howard has accused Labor of holding up the release of new anti-terrorism advertisements urging Australians to be more safety conscious on public transport.
ORACLE has extended its hostile bid for PeopleSoft for the 12th time, pushing the tender offer through to October 8. Oracle said in a press release that about 23.
The morning after the night before was not quite so successful for Ryder Cup hero Colin Montgomerie and overnight leader, Ireland #39;s Graeme McDowell.
The Los Angeles Dodgers #39; struggle to hold off San Francisco in the National League West is nothing compared to the individual trial of star first baseman Shawn Green.
It wouldnt have been a proper ending to the Phillies wacky season at Pro Player Stadium without the teams swapping leads like playing cards and going an extra inning to figure out the winner.
&lt;strong&gt;Site offer&lt;/strong&gt; Including the Nokia 6310i and HP iPAQ h5550
The future of the economy looks strong for San Diego County but less promising for the nation as a whole, according to two economic reports released yesterday.
With the countdown at T-minus five days and counting, SpaceDev founder Jim Benson says his small Poway company is ready to usher in a new era in space exploration.
Not by decree but by unanimous approval, the Yankees moved on yesterday, all but ignoring the postseason position they had just secured.
Japan #39;s baseball players are likely to decide not to strike again with club representatives set to accept their demand to allow a new league team from next season.
Five mortars have exploded near the Italian embassy in Baghdad, wounding two Iraqi women and damaging homes, an Iraqi neighbour whose building was hit says.
BAGHDAD - Two Egyptian employees of a mobile phone company were seized when gunmen stormed into their Baghdad office, the latest in a series of kidnappings in the country.
In a sign of persistent weakness in the US economy, a widely watched measure of business activity declined in August for the third consecutive month.
MGM, the beleaguered Hollywood studio currently being acquired by a consortium of buyers led by Sony Pictures, will continue to co-produce movies as a private company once the takeover is complete.
Japan #39;s weekend baseball games will go ahead after club owners averted a second players #39; strike by promising to add a new team next season.
UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw says he supports Russia #39;s call for the United Nations Security Council to compose a list of wanted terrorists, in a resolution that would ease the extradition 
Microsoft has fired another broadside against the spammers with nine new lawsuits against companies that send illegal unsolicited email to Hotmail accounts.
FreeiPods.com is a service that offers users free iPod music players if they sign up for promotions and refer users to the services.
Great Britain #39;s stormy recent Davis Cup history continued today with bad weather delaying their World Group play-off against Austria in Portschach.
Desperate but unanswered pleas to release a British hostage threatened with death in Iraq have taken their toll on his family and put pressure on UK Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Confectionery group Cadbury Schweppes today said it was expecting full-year profits towards the lower end of hopes after a difficult summer for its European drinks business.
Russian President Vladimir Putin throws a question mark over the future of Yukos, saying state-owned companies should be allowed to buy the oil firm's assets.
AIRBUS is close to ending the increasingly fevered speculation over whether it will launch a new aircraft in direct competition to the new Boeing 7E7 Dreamliner.
A number of massive glaciers in the West Antarctic are sliding into the ocean at an accelerating rate and raising sea levels, according to new data released Thursday.
Security experts warn that virus writers could be preparing to create havoc using a bug in the way that Windows handles images.
Juventus came back from an early deficit to beat Lazio 2-1 Sunday and restore its four-point lead in the Italian league. By Paco Serinelli, AFP.
AFP - The Sri Lankan government said a wave of killings blamed on Tamil Tiger rebels was undermining confidence in the peace process which has been stalled since April 2003.
The great big fat bullies from across the playground enter the FA Cup arena at the third round stage, for which the draw was made yesterday (December 5).
Waters begin to recede but aid agencies in Haiti struggle to bring supplies to people hit by tropical storm Jeanne.
BAR's Anthony Davidson and Jenson Button set the pace at the first Chinese Grand Prix.
Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev must be tried over the Beslan massacre, rebel leader Aslan Maskhadov says.
Halliburton will restructure and may even sell  its controversial KBR subsidiary, which is mired in overcharging scandals in Iraq. 
Aircraft fuel workers at London #39;s Heathrow Airport, one the busiest international airports in the world, started a 48-hour walkout over a pay hike row Friday.
AS WE PREDICTED last week after a weekend free time, hackers have come up with a method of exploiting the latest hole in Microsoft Windows.
Web portal Yahoo and media agency OMD unveiled the findings of an Internet Deprivation Study examining consumers #39; media habits and their emotional connection to the internet.
Aggadan beat Personal Touch by three-quarters of a length to win yesterday's \$60,000 allowance feature for older horses at Belmont Park.
The Renault F1 Teams latest signing was invited to the official FIA Press Conference this afternoon.
The Renault F1 Teams Spanish ace was a guest at todays FIA Press Conference. Here are the best bits
USATODAY.com - There's a new tier of retailers hawking officewear to young professionals.
Antarctic glaciers are moving faster as they melt, bringing more ice into the oceans and causing sea levels to rise, according to a new study. By Stephen Leahy.
Gina Lynn discovers remote (how shall we say this?) 'interaction' technology with the Sinulator and finds herself on the cutting edge of cybersex.
The Forgotten plays by all the rules expected from paranormal thrillers to deliver a nice punch, hold the melodrama. By Jason Silverman.
The House and Senate last night overwhelmingly voted to extend three tax cuts aimed at the middle class along with a bevy of business-tax breaks, sending President Bush a 
Halliburton said it will restructure and may even sell its Kellogg, Brown and Root subsidiary, the business at the root of recent controversy.
Anthony Davidson has stolen the limelight from Formula One #39;s race drivers by setting the benchmark in both practice sessions for the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai.
Japan #39;s professional baseball players averted a second strike this weekend after team representatives softened their stance Thursday and agreed with management that a club may be added next season.
Floodwaters in Haiti are starting to recede as aid agencies struggle to bring relief to thousands of people in the wake of tropical storm Jeanne.
A top Indian nuclear scientist and the scientific mastermind behind the country #39;s first atomic test, has died in the western city of Bombay (Mumbai).
Indonesian police say they have a fifth person in custody, who is believed to be linked to the bombing of Australia #39;s embassy in Jakarta.
On Wednesday, former CEO of the US biggest software maker Computer Associate Sanjay Kumar was charged in the indictment for securities fraud in the company.
A closely watched gauge of future business activity fell in August for a third consecutive month, evidence that companies and consumers continue to navigate an uncertain economic climate.
Liverpool Football Club may receive its third offer of investment in six months after a Hollywood producer said he is considering a bid for English soccer #39;s most successful team.
A newly discovered fossil might be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.
South Korea and US intelligence sources have detected unusual activity in North Korea believed linked to possible preparation for a missile test, the Ministry of National Defense said yesterday.
US Airways will ask a bankruptcy court judge to impose emergency pay cuts of 23 percent on its major unions, according to a newspaper report late on Thursday.
NASA crews Thursday shipped to California the first bits of recovered scientific data from the Genesis probe crash in Utah #39;s west desert earlier this month, according to a NASA news release.
Bill Thompson grew up on John, Paul, George and Ringo and bought all their records. Now he #39;d like them to give something back.
The evolution of the universe may have been much slower than previously thought, British scientists have revealed. A team of scientists lead by Dr.
He had a solid script, he says, and a total lack of personal expertise with its subject matter, which he says saved him  quot;a lot of time.
Millionaire building tycoon Steve Morgan still wants to buy into Liverpool despite fresh speculation of US interest in the club. Morgan, the clubs third largest shareholder, was 
Bodies, dirty water spreading disease. Medical supplies have started to run out and panicked residents are fighting for provisions.
Russian President Vladimir Putin urged Iran on Friday to heed the demands of the UN nuclear watchdog after Tehran defied the United Nations by going ahead with its uranium enrichment programme.
Houston #39;s Halliburton is considering selling its KBR unit, the object of numerous investigations, persistent losses and ongoing bankruptcy.
SALT LAKE CITY - The first solar-wind samples recovered from the crashed Genesis space capsule have been sent to researchers in California.
Motorsport.com. FIA President Max Mosley believes that the three teams with an uncertain future will survive the current problems and that there will be 20 cars on the grid in 2005.
Aircraft will not be allowed to make low-level flights over key London landmarks under new anti-terrorism rules which are to become effective on Oct. 27, the British government said on Friday.
International Business Machines Corp. plans to open a new office in Fairfax County that will create 1,200 government contracting jobs in the county, according to sources familiar with the deal.
The remains of a 230-million-old marine reptile with fangs and a long neck are unearthed by fossil hunters in southeast China.
German scientists are working on tiny portable sensors that can spot health problems very early.
Two Egyptians are seized in Baghdad as anguish mounts in the UK and Italy over their kidnapped nationals.
One of two oil tankers that went missing laden with crude oil has been found, says the Nigerian navy.
A young Turkish journalist, Zeynep Tugrul, was freed last week by kidnappers in northern Iraq after four days of terror and hope.
Wireless companies are rolling out new GPS services for employers that can track the physical location of mobile workers.
JAKARTA, Indonesia Indonesian prosecutors say they #39;ll file terror-related charges against a cleric accused of heading the group behind the Bali bombings.
Reuters - The safety of herbal medicines, which\are widely used on the basis of scant scientific evidence, is\to be investigated by a new panel of European experts.
&lt;strong&gt;Episode 32&lt;/strong&gt; Inappropriate behaviour
 The aircraft maker and defense contractor's chief executive  backed its previous earnings forecast for the year.
Oil #39;s advance wavered a little on Friday as the US government prepared to lend out some strategic crude stocks, but traders said the amounts were small and that supply worries remained.
Barclays, the British bank that left South Africa in 1986 after apartheid protests, may soon resume retail operations in the nation.
0125 GMT -- Treasury prices little changed in Asia as market awaits further economic data to back up upbeat economic assessment by the Federal Reserve.
In a strategic move, electronics giant Sony has announced that some of its new music player models will now feature direct support for MP3 audio files.
A five-company consortium has been awarded a 7 million three-year contract by the French Ministry of Defence to build a Linux-based multi-level secure operating system.
Australia have all but assured they will remain inh the Davis Cup World Group after opening up a commanding 2-0 lead over injury-hit Morocco on Friday.
The intruder who entered British Queen Elizabeth II #39;s official Scottish residence and caused a security scare was a reporter from the London-based Sunday Times newspaper, local media reported Friday.
Palestinian militants fired two mortars at a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Friday, killing a 24-year Israeli woman and enflaming settler anger at Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.
EBay Inc. announced Thursday that it will keep its Half.com subsidiary open indefinitely, scrapping previous plans to shutter the e-commerce site in mid-October.
Many glaciers in West Antarctica have substantially increased their rate of shrinkage compared with the 1990s.
ANTHONY DAVIDSON set the early standard by going quickest in the first-ever practice session at the Shanghai International Circuit.
Serena Williams breezed into the China Open semifinals Friday when Russia #39;s Nadia Petrova retired with an injury during the second set of their quarterfinals match.
Newcastle United midfielder Nicky Butt has been handed a three-match European suspension by UEFA for his straight red card dismissal against Israel #39;s Bnei Sakhnin last week.
Italy #39;s troubled Alitalia airline has reached a deal with eight of nine unions to split the state-controlled firm in two in a plan to stave off bankruptcy.
Morningstar Inc., the mutual fund and stock research provider, on Friday said it may face US Securities and Exchange Commission civil charges over incorrect data it published about a mutual fund.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. began a statewide offensive Thursday to counter widespread criticism of the company #39;s wages and benefits, expansion plans and effects on communities.
SAN FRANCISCO Cingular Wireless will have to pay millions of dollars in fines because of the steep fees it charged its customers who wanted to end their contracts early.
The glaciers in West Antarctica have substantially increased their rate of shrinkage compared with the 1990s. US-Chilean teams report to the journal Science that the glaciers are losing 60 more ice into the 
Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
With a series of events being strung together, rumors about Google building a browser are running amok. Speculation about the Google browser intensified after its recent hiring spree.
US scientists working with images from the Hubble Space Telescope have identified what may turn out to be some of the earliest star-forming galaxies.
NASA has decided to fund the missions of the Spirit and Opportunity rovers on Mars for an additional six months -- as long as the craft continue to operate.
PORTSCHACH, Austria: Thunder, lightning and incessant rain delayed the start of the Davis Cup World Group play-off tie between Austria and Great Britain.
Flashy as ever, Richard Virenque has climbed off his bike on the stage of the most famous music hall in Paris to bring the curtain down on his 14-year career.
Birmingham City manager Steve Bruce is urging his remaining strikers to grasp the nettle and fill the massive void left by the injured Mikael Forssell.
Newcastle midfielder Kieron Dyer seems certain to miss England #39;s World Cup qualifiers next month after it was revealed that his hamstring injury could take another four weeks to repair.
AP - Orders to U.S. factories for big-ticket goods dropped in August, largely weighed down by a sharp decline in demand for commercial airplanes.
Orders to US factories for big-ticket goods dropped in August, largely weighed down by a sharp decline in demand for commercial airplanes.
The Federal Reserve raised interest rates by a quarter point on Tuesday as widely expected, saying growth  quot;appears to have regained some traction.
Already battered airline stocks took a further beating Thursday following a gloomy outlook from the head of American Airlines (AMR) and reports of disappointing August revenue industrywide.
Japanese Crown Princess Masako has made a rare appearance in public after months of seclusion as the palace released home videos of her two-year-old daughter.
When Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi traveled to New York early this week to address the United Nations General Assembly, his objective was clear: to pitch for UN reforms that would 
The authorities in Nepal decide to grant paternity leave to government employees.
WASHINGTON - Congress overwhelmingly approved \$146 billion in middle-class and business tax cuts Thursday night, handing President Bush a big victory 40 days before the election.
Sony's upcoming gaming device earns mostly positive reviews from the crowd.
Martha Stewart, the lifestyle guru convicted of lying about a share sale, signs a new five-year contract with the firm that bears her name.
Martha Stewart may be heading to jail, but the company that oversees her stable of books, magazines and television shows is staying loyal.
US Treasury notes fell after a measure of durable goods orders rose more than forecast in August, adding to speculation the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at least once more this year.
Iomega Corp. will cut its workforce by 25 percent and end development of its DCT (Digital Capture Technology) product line in a restructuring aimed at cutting costs and 
September 23, 2004 - Almost 130 people will lose their jobs next month when the company that makes Butternut Bread shuts its Chicago plant.
 quot;This is a team that #39;s not going to stray far from its roots. Hopefully, we would all be bilingual, but practices would be conducted in Spanish.
PC World - Microsoft looks to new games, online gaming service to boost sales.
PC World - Sony's upcoming gaming device earns mostly positive reviews from the crowd.
USATODAY.com - Linux takes a step - a small one - toward desktop acceptance.
Alitalia reaches an agreement with all but one trade union over plans to split the troubled national Italian airline into two.
Morningstar is under investigation from the Securities and Exchange Commission for taking too long to correct inaccurate data it published regarding a single mutual fund.
The failure to expense stock options is causing distortions and inefficiencies in U.S. labor and capital markets.
Forbes magazine has again ranked Bill Gates as the richest person in the US, worth to \$48 billion, but investor Warren Buffett has edged closer.
Boeing Co. Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher said on Friday the US aircraft maker #39;s archrival Airbus was exaggerating the speed of recovery in the commercial airplane market.
Orders for durable goods, a key gauge of consumer and business demand, fell in the US by 0.5 per cent last month, a greater decline than the market expected.
Tim Howard, the Fannie Mae (FNM) chief financial officer at the center of a critical report on accounting problems at the mortgage investment company, has exercised 
European aircraft maker Airbus SAS has withdrawn its petition to intervene in the European Commission #39;s antitrust case against Microsoft Corp.
Astronomers have found what they are calling the perfect cosmic storm, a galaxy cluster pile-up so powerful its energy output is second only to the Big Bang.
Bee Staff Writer. On a warm, calm day in the foothills, Christina Kim splashed plenty of color onto The Ridge Golf Club in Auburn.
Indians living in the US are hoping for positive results after Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf meets Indian Prime Minister Dr.
Multinational oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell has evacuated non-essential staff from two oil production plants in Nigeria where troops are fighting a major offensive against rebel militia, a spokesman said.
Two Egyptians were seized by gunmen in an overnight raid on their Baghdad office, the Iraqi police said today, adding to a rash of kidnappings of foreigners.
Michael Dell has moved up a spot on Forbes #39; annual list of the 400 richest Americans. Dell, founder and chairman of Round Rock-based Dell Inc.
Orders increased at US factories in August for a range of durable goods, including automobiles, metals and communications equipment, evidence manufacturing will help drive the economic expansion.
Five days after making the putt that won the Ryder Cup, Colin Montgomerie looked set to miss the cut at a European PGA tour event.
Defending Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova of Russia has advanced to the semifinals of the China Open women #39;s tennis tournament in Beijing.
A lightning storm has delayed the start of the Davis Cup World Group qualifying playoff between Austria and Great Britain in Portschach, Austria on clay.
The Australian Football League Grand Final between Brisbane Lions and Port Adelaide on Saturday marks an epoch for Australia #39;s favorite spectator sport.
Haitians struggle to grasp a tin of food as a shipment of aid arrives in Gonaives, five days after floods inundated the city. Photo: AFP.
The Darfur region of Sudan should be granted autonomy, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees, Ruud Lubbers, said Friday. There has to be some clear partition of 
President Vladimir Putin said Friday that the media could not just be passive observers in the face of terrorist threats and called on journalists to use their work to advance the anti-terrorist cause.
Ex-singer Yusuf Islam, formerly known as Cat Stevens, says he has instructed lawyers after being refused entry to the US.
Holidaymakers with bookings at Golden Sun face being stranded abroad or with their holiday in ruins after the company goes bust.
com September 24, 2004, 7:23 AM PT. IT Management and Web Technology have been fighting neck-to-neck for the fifth spot for the last year.
The Internet Engineering Task Force has disbanded its working group tackling spam, saying it was deadlocked, in part, over troubles related to Microsoft Corp.
The Genesis team has shipped its first scientific sample from the mission #39;s specially constructed cleanroom at the US Army Proving Ground in Dugway, Utah.
PORT Adelaide coach Mark Williams yesterday conceded he was wracked by jealousy watching the Brisbane Lions swoop from lower on the ladder to win the past two flags.
The IETF MARID working group has been slogging away all summer trying to produce a draft standard about e-mail sender verification.
With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Reuters - Corporate researchers working\outside controversial federal restraints said on Thursday they\had engineered human stem cells that they believe could be used\to repair eyes.
Screwfix.com, the internet home improvement service and part of the B Q chain, is freezing orders until more staff can be found.
Microsoft's leader brings home the gold medal for the 11th year running. Google's founders aren't doing too badly, either.
AFP - Congress overwhelmingly approved a 146-billion-dollar tax cut endorsed by both President George W. Bush and his rival John Kerry but criticized by some economists.
AFP - France, one of the harshest critics of the war that brought down Saddam Hussein, stressed it would not commit troops for Iraq despite appeals from the United States and United Nations.
A Christian teacher goes into hiding in the northern Nigerian city of Kano for offending her Muslim pupils, police say.
An probe is launched after paramedics allegedly leave a homeless man in South Africa to die because he was dirty.
Besides hostage-takings by insurgent groups, many criminal gangs in Iraq have been kidnapping people for ransom.
Friday #39;s Commerce Department report says orders for most durable goods jumped 2.3 percent in the month. These figures exclude a decline in orders for civilian aircraft.
A House-Senate conference committee Thursday agreed to legislation that will extend key components of the Bush tax cuts for up to six years.
It is one of the oldest conflicts between man and beast: farmers killing marauders such as wolves, lynxes, lions and leopards to defend their livestock from the predators.
THIS time last year the nation was all atwitter at the prospect of the Brisbane Lions winning three AFL premierships in a row. Could they?
The American envoy to Sudan stressed that the political solution for the Darfur district crisis lies in Nivasha peace agreement with the southern rebels so as to end the central authority.
AP - Hurricane Jeanne forced the postponement of Saturday's football game between Illinois State and Florida Atlantic.
ElectricNews: Mandrakesoft and several other Linux backers are to work together to build a version of the operating system that will be far more secure than previously available.
CHICAGO (CP) - Billy Reay, who amassed more coaching wins than any other person in Chicago Blackhawks history, has died. He was 86.
Three FC Barcelona defensive players have suffered serious knee injuries in the opening rounds of the Spanish league season, leaving coach Frank Rijkaard with only four healthy fullbacks.
This week the Online Publishers Association (OPA) announced the results of its latest Generational Media Study, designed to provide a detailed view of the 18 to 34 year-old media consumer.
Ryder Cup hero Colin Montgomerie came down to earth with a bump on Friday when he missed the cut at The Heritage. There was better news, however, for forgotten 
Juergen Klinsmann has made it clear since taking over as Germany coach that he wants to run the team his own way, and not everybody likes it.
The leaders of India and Pakistan met Friday and promised measures to gradually ease tensions between their nations and explore a peaceful settlement for the disputed Kashmir region.
As Afghanistan prepares to swear in its first popularly elected president, Afghan and US forces are launching a winter operation to contain anti-government insurgents threatening the new government.
AP - Sony Corp.'s PlayStation Portable, which goes on sale in Japan later this year and overseas next spring, boasts the superb image quality of its home-console counterpart.
LONDON, September 24 (newratings.com) - The European Commission has expressed its intention to reach a final decision on Oracle Corporation #39;s (ORCL.
Election year politics result in the passing of a multi-billion dollar tax cut package. The Senate overwhelmingly approved the measure 92-3 last night.
When Clemson finally beat Florida State in an Atlantic Coast Conference game last season, Tommy Bowden #39;s celebration was noticeably subdued.
AP - Billy Reay, who played on two Stanley Cup champions with Montreal and became the winningest coach in Chicago Blackhawks' history, died at 86.
AP - Indiana University agreed to pay  #36;35,000 to former basketball assistant Ron Felling, who was fired by Bob Knight after a postgame confrontation in 1999.
No, apparently it's not too early to think about holiday shopping. Gateway, HP and others are prepping new PCs for store shelves...
Japanese game makers, faced with a shrinking local market and increasing competition from overseas rivals, are pinning hopes on mobile platforms such as handheld machines and cellphones to stir up demand.
The SEC is looking into whether the financial-information provider failed to correct inaccurate data it published regarding a single mutual fund in a timely manner.
Power company Progress Energy Inc. lowered its 2004 earnings outlook Friday because damage from Hurricanes Charley, Frances and Ivan limits the amount of tax credits the company can claim for its synthetic fuel production.
An international team of astronomers has observed the perfect cosmic storm: the most powerful collision of two galactic clusters ever recorded.
Microsoft is still confident of hitting its target of 100 million Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) downloads by the end of next month.
In grinding out the agony of British hostage Kenneth Bigley in Iraq, his captors have shown media skill and chilling political calculation to exert maximum pressure on Prime Minister Tony Blair.
The hotel REIT's increasing dividend demonstrates that management's innovative business model is succeeding.
The organization will let fans help call the shots on an upcoming pay-per-view event.
Billy Reay, the winningest coach in Blackhawks history and a two-time Stanley Cup champion as a player, died Thursday at age 86. Reay, who had suffered from cancer 
Four hundred fifty miles of Midwestern highway separate Iowa City from Ann Arbor, but the football programs at the University of Michigan and Iowa are much closer than that.
Nigeria #39;s President Olusegun Obasanjo says the African Union is ready to send 3,000 troops to Sudan #39;s western Darfur region.
Suicide attackers detonated explosive-laden boats near oil facilities in the Persian Gulf on Saturday, killing two US Navy sailors in a new tactic against Iraq #39;s vital oil industry.
The chief of the United Nations refugee agency says the Sudanese government should grant more autonomy to Darfur to help end a conflict that has claimed some 50,000 lives.
Commerce One, an internet software maker valued at \$20 billion at the peak of dot-com mania, is poised to go to a pauper #39;s grave.
NEW YORK: The prospect of a mutually beneficial gas pipeline through Pakistan to India has supplanted the hot air of bilateral bickering between two countries.
washingtonpost.com - Trust the computer. That's what Maryland told Linda Schade.
Several major forces in the music industry changed their tunes this week, as industry giants and niche players alike try to stay on top of the fast-changing market.
Some of Antarctica #39;s glaciers are melting faster than snow can replace them, enough to raise sea levels measurably, scientists have reported.
Microsoft dons its lawyers with shining armor as it goes after 9 more companies responsible for SPAM, including some for hosting companies which send unsolicited mail and offer to protect them.
Auto-dialler programmes have plagued Irish phone users since the beginning of the year. The Commission for Communications Regulation (ComReg) has received some 300 phones calls from consumers regarding excessive 
LONDON - England will target Brian Lara in the Champions Trophy final after the West Indies captain was felled by a delivery from Shoaib Akhtar in the semifinals.
Arsene Wenger has once again moved to reassure fans that he is staying at Arsenal and has promised he will sign his new contract before the year is out.
PRAGUE : Juventus star Pavel Nedved has told the Czech Republic football federation he has retired at the age of 32 from international soccer after winning 83 caps.
Under a definitive agreement reached Thursday by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. and a consortium led by Sony Corporation of America, MGM will continue to operate as a private movie-making company 
Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Serena Williams breezed into the China Open semi-finals on Friday when Russia #39;s Nadia Petrova retired with an ankle injury during the second set of their quarterfinals match.
Real Madrid paid the price for resting key players as a goalless draw at Villarreal saw them fall nine points behind league leaders Barcelona on Sunday.
AP - Online sales of illegal ivory are booming in the United States despite a longtime global trade ban, conservationists charge.
Expect clarification soonest
Shares in telecoms group Thus drop nearly 25  as worries about stiff competition force the company to issue a profit warning.
AP - Nova Scotia became the sixth Canadian province or territory to allow gay marriages when the provincial Supreme Court ruled Friday that banning such unions was unconstitutional.
AFP - The United States has warned of heightened risk of terror attacks and violent action on American government facilities and personnel in South Korea following Seoul's dispatch of troops to Iraq.
AP - A highway patrol officer traveling Friday with Sen. John Kerry's motorcade fell off his motorcycle and suffered minor injuries.
John Kerry says President Bush was wrong to pursue Saddam Hussein instead of Osama Bin Laden.
Prince Harry will join the army in early 2005 after passing his Sandhurst entrance exams, says Clarence House.
The Bahamas and Florida are readying themselves for the latest savage hurricane to hit the region.
The United Nations began distributing about 40 tons of food from two different places in Gonaves today.
Senator John Kerry said attacks were on the rise and the Bush administration was "in confusion" about how to respond.
Michael Tiemann criticizes software rival Sun for its support of patents and for keeping Java proprietary.
Security specialist issues patches for vulnerabilities that could have allowed denial-of-service attacks against some hardware models.
The Securities and Exchange Commission said in its complaint that during the years Charles Wang was in charge of Computer Associates between January 1, 1998, and September 
According ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August, application development is the last priority, but nonetheless an important one.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said Friday he had no desire to leave the club and planned to sign a new contract to keep him at Highbury until at least 2008.
Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams was ordered Friday to repay the team more than \$8.6 million for breaching his contract when he suddenly quit before training camp.
seized in Baghdad were abducted west of the capital, an Egyptian diplomat in Baghdad said on Friday. and the abduction of two Italian aid workers from their office earlier this month.
A bankruptcy judge ruled against United Airlines and sided with unions who said the company submitted unsubstantiated factual claims about its plan to terminate pension programs.
Emisphere warrants close attention, although massive profits are not in the near-term cards.
Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez believes his team will be able to deal with the loss of influential skipper Steven Gerrard without much fuss over the next eight weeks.
LONDON The British Foreign Office says its embassy in Baghdad has printed 50-thousand leaflets urging Iraqis to help find a kidnapped British citizen.
Threats to data security are mounting, especially from within organizations, but top executives aren #39;t helping their companies keep pace, a new study has found.
Liverpool, England (Sports Network) - Liverpool will take the field Saturday against Norwich without the familiar face of captain Steven Gerrard there to guide them.
Spain #39;s Constantino Zaballa broke away early and finished more than a minute ahead of his closest competitors in winning the 19th stage of the Spanish Vuelta on Friday.
AP - Derek Anderson and Andrew Walter have combined to throw for just under 10 miles in their careers.
Today researchers announced the discovery of a new species of ancient reptile. The 230-million-year-old remains of the long-necked, aquatic predator were found in China.
The MP3 design modification is a major move for Sony, which has been criticized for a product that only allows its own format to be played.
LONDON, September 25 (Online): Host England and surprise package West Indies would meet in the final of ICC Championship Trophy in Oval on Saturday (today).
Russian President Vladimir Putin and China #39;s prime minister, Wen Jiabao, have met in Moscow for talks on trade and the fight against terrorism.
PalmSource cuts its losses in the first quarter, but lost business from Sony leaves the outlook uncertain.
You know, this is information that you just can't get anyplace else. Unless you look for it.
Scotland's CRLO Displays, which specializes in a type of LCOS chip for large-screen projection TVs, nabs funding.
Top execs quicker to throw money at tech solutions than to properly train employees--who could be the real problem.
The electronics giant belatedly decides to support the popular digital music format on its hard-drive players. Watch out, Apple. Ah, remember the  #39;80s.
Billy Reay, the winningest coach in the history of the Chicago Blackhawks, has died after a struggle with cancer. He was 86, the Arlington Heights, Ill.
A toolkit designed to exploit a recently-disclosed Microsoft JPEG vulnerability has been released onto the net.\
The vendor adds to its growing list of spam lawsuits one aimed at a service provider that hosts spammers. By Thomas Claburn. Cheapbulletproof.
The FDIC on Friday issued an alert about an increasingly common e-mail scam designed to steal personal information and money from millions of unwary consumers.
AUSTIN Texas coach Mack Brown has been looking for ways to keep his team focused on the present. UT will face Oklahoma on October ninth in Dallas.
More than 1,000 opposition activists protest in Sri Lanka's capital, Colombo, about the rising cost of living.
VeriSign Inc. officials are launching a managed security service that they believe can cut up to 40 percent of the cost of deploying strong authentication throughout an enterprise.
Arbitrator Richard Bloch ruled Friday that Williams owes the Dolphins \$8.6 million for breaching his contract, an NFL spokesman says.
AP - European Union governments on Friday permanently banned chemicals used to soften plastic from being used in toys, saying they are harmful to young children who put toys in their mouths.
SEPTEMBER 24, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - This week #39;s federal grand jury indictment of former Computer Associates International Inc.
US blue-chip stocks rose slightly on Friday as government data showed better-than-expected demand in August for durable goods other than transportation equipment, but climbing oil prices limited gains.
If the rumors-- some now reaching fever pitch-- are to be trusted, Google is cooking up a whole slew of products and technologies that could unseat Microsoft.
Kansas University officials will release the contract of Athletic Director Lew Perkins during a press conference Friday evening. Todd Cohen, a KU spokesman, said Perkins and Chancellor Robert Hemenway will 
Kidnappers seized six Egyptians and four Iraqis working for the country #39;s mobile phone company in two separate incidents, authorities said.
An agreement has been reached to lend 1.7 million barrels of oil from the government #39;s Strategic Petroleum Reserve to two companies whose refineries were running short of crude 
The 32-year-old European footballer of the year said this month that he would not return to the national squad until he had fully recovered from a knee injury.
Motorsport boss Max Mosley has warned Formula One team owners they need to take radical measures to drag the sport out of a financial crisis.
Former NBA star Calvin Murphy, who faces trial on charges of sexually abusing five of his daughters, was fired Friday as the Houston Rockets TV analyst.
Iraq's interim PM Iyad Allawi appeals to world leaders at the UN to help Iraq "defeat the forces of terrorism".
Commerce One and Manugistics cut staff, as software makers grapple with industry upheaval.
The Intel chip, once expected to dominate the server market and even creep into PCs, takes yet another knock.
AP - How do you explain a quarterback sneak in Chinese? How about a blitz, an onside kick, or a fair catch?
The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) has shut down the MARID working group, which was attempting to develop a Sender ID standard.
Czech Republic midfielder Pavel Nedved has announced he is quitting international football to concentrate on his club career with Juventus.
AP - When Miami bolted the Big East for the Atlantic Coast Conference, West Virginia had a vacancy on its schedule and found a replacement in James Madison.
Though MSN TV2 is the successor to the original WebTV devices, the new box is a vast departure from its predecessors.
Four laboratory workers were fired from their jobs at the Los Alamos National Laboratory because of their roles in several recent security and safety incidents in the facility.
HP's decision is a setback to the Itanium 2 microprocessor, which Intel at one point had billed as a future industry standard.
Quarterback Mark Brunell practiced Friday for the first time this week, taking about a third of the snaps on his strained hamstring to keep alive his chances of playing Monday night.
Mark Logic this week introduced its Open Content Architecture strategy for enabling enterprise customers to unify and manage unstructured content and other types of enterprise information.
&lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; Tiemann's diaper must be changed
Software companies Commerce One and Manugistics each announced on Friday plans to cut staff, the latest round of layoffs in a dismal business-software market.
Summary - (Sep 24, 2004) The da Vinci Project, a Canadian team of amateur rocket scientists, has pushed back the launch date of its Wildfire rocket.
Reuters - Some of Antarctica's glaciers are\melting faster than snow can replace them, enough to raise sea\levels measurably, scientists reported on Friday.
Reuters - Suddenly the darkened room seemed\intensely cold, some people felt a sense of presence and others\were so terrified they had to leave.
Politically charged phrase disappearing as firms cook up new terms to describe sending work to cheaper labor markets.
Clues point to the company developing a series of Web features -- including a Web browser. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Move over Bill Gates.
Jeremy Mayfield won the pole in qualifying Friday at Dover International Speedway, putting behind him a wreck that seriously damaged his championship hopes in the Nextel Cup series.
The family of Kenneth Bigley, the British hostage being held in Iraq, has made a direct appeal for his release to the militants who abducted the 62-year old-engineer.
An Israeli woman was killed yesterday after Palestinian militants fired a mortar shell at a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip, provoking further anger among settlers over Prime 
Russian President Vladimir Putin Friday said on Friday that terrorism is a common threat to the international society, and a new international security system should be created 
A delegation from the Muslim Council of Britain is flying to Baghdad in a desperate attempt secure to release of hostage Kenneth Bigley.
A solid majority of Americans tell pollsters they think the country is headed in the wrong direction. But as the congressional campaigns got underway in earnest this September, it seemed all 
NEW YORK : US shares ended mostly lower Thursday as oil prices kept moving higher despite news that US strategic reserves may be tapped to ease supply concerns.
The first solar-wind samples recovered from the crashed Genesis space capsule will be examined by researchers in California. The Genesis crashed earlier this month into Utah #39;s west desert.
Google #39;s recently launched news service in China doesn #39;t display results from Web sites blocked by that country #39;s authorities, raising prickly questions 
Juventus playmaker Pavel Nedved has officially announced his retirement from international football, a decision hed been flirting with for months.
PC World - Deal with ESS Technology will add support for Ahead's variant of the MPEG-4 video format on DVD players.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger admits he is keeping tabs on Manchester City winger Shaun Wright-Phillips. Wenger said:  quot;He is getting higher every year.
The Anglo-Dutch oil giant, Shell, withdraws hundreds of workers from oil facilities in Nigeria's troubled Niger Delta.
Rice University researchers say they have figured out a way to reduce the potential toxicity of Buckyballs.
ROME: AC Milan captain Paolo Maldini (pic) believes adversity will bring out the best in his faltering team when they visit high-flying Lazio tomorrow.
An Israeli helicopter fired a missile into a Palestinian refugee camp in Gaza early on Saturday, wounding at least four people, witnesses said.
Deal with ESS Technology will add support for Ahead's variant of the MPEG-4 video format on DVD players.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is defending his government #39;s efforts to strengthen and centralize control in the wake of several recent terrorist attacks.
U.S. regulators open a public comment period on a plan to wire broadband and VoIP systems for law enforcement surveillance.\
AP - Fourteen years after coming under federal protection, the northern spotted owl continues on the decline in the Pacific Northwest, a study shows.
AFP - Egypt pressed Africa's case for permanent seats on a reformed UN Security Council and said it deserved to be considered for a place itself.
AP - Voters in recent surveys are more frequently describing themselves as Republicans, a shift that could affect November elections up and down the ticket if it continues.
AP - A Texas congressional candidate has launched a television campaign ad linking his opponent to beleaguered CBS news anchor Dan Rather.
Via Technologies announces new product that brings PCI Express input-output to computers running AMD chips.
AP - Utah hopes to rely on a more conventional approach against Air Force this year.
AP - Craig Stadler had the answers ready, as if he expected the questions.
Commerce One says it must lay off 56 employees, leaving it with 36 to operate its supplier relationship management business unit. Years of economic devastation have left Commerce One -- once 
The London-based brokerage Collins Stewart Tullett placed 55m of new shares yesterday to help fund the 69.5m purchase of the money and futures broker Prebon.
An international team of astronomers has obtained the clearest images yet of the merger of two distant clusters of galaxies, calling it one of the most powerful cosmic events ever witnessed.
The humphead wrasse provides some of Hong Kong #39;s most expensive fish dishes, which, in a city with a strong tradition of luxury dining, is saying something.
Sudanese authorities said Friday they foiled another plot by an opposition Islamist party to kidnap and kill senior government officials and blow up sites in the capital 
Bill Gates remained atop the list of richest people in the United States, but investor Warren Buffett edged closer and Google #39;s founders are rising fast, according to Forbes magazine.
Martha Stewart has had some good news just before she heads off to jail - a new contract from her company worth more than \$2ma year.
Collins Stewart Tullett yesterday clinched a deal to buy rival money broker Prebon that will take the company #39;s market share close to leader Icap.
Cadbury Schweppes, the soft drinks and confectionery giant, said yesterday that the wet summer had dampened sales of its soft drinks in Europe.
The day after Sony said it would embrace the world #39;s top digital music format, it appears on the PSP #39;s official spec sheet.
What a difference a week makes! Seven days ago the popular wisdom was that if Manchester City failed to win their Saturday game manager Kevin Keegans job would be at risk.
Australia is expected to clinch its Davis Cup relegation tie against Morocco in Perth today when doubles partners Wayne Arthurs and Todd Woodbridge take to the court.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has dismissed all talk of moving to Real Madrid and says he expects to sign a new deal with the Gunners soon.
GONAIVES, HAITI - The lines grew longer and the people more desperate as flood victims in this city begged for food and clean water in order to survive another day.
Long a forum for protecting endangered species like whales or tigers, a UN meeting in Bangkok next month will seek a wider role in regulating the 
Colin Montgomerie shot a 5-over-par 77 and missed the cut at The Heritage on Friday, five days after making the winning putt for Europe at the Ryder Cup.
IT WAS midnight when Indonesian anti-terror police turned up to an innocuous-looking freight transportation business in East Jakarta and searched the small building and its accounting and freight records.
AP - A 9-foot bronze statue of Florida State coach Bobby Bowden was unveiled Friday outside of Doak Campbell Stadium.
Kevin Brown had "no problem" throwing in the bullpen Friday and is a "long shot" to pitch Sunday, Yankees Manager Joe Torre said Friday.
Sun Microsystems is looking to make life easier for Java developers by seeking a common ground on a data persistence model.
LONDON: All-rounder Andrew Flintoff will seek to cap his perfect year today with a match-winning performance in the Champions Trophy final against West Indies.
Massive database holds info on millions of voters, and is used to get people to the polls.
The ability of Iraqi insurgents to snatch foreigners from their guarded Baghdad offices highlighted the country #39;s poor security as US officials argued whether elections could be held in towns under rebel control.
Germany came away from a meeting with Iran on even more concerned about Tehran #39;s nuclear ambitions than before the talks, diplomatic sources said.
Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said here Friday that success of democracy in his country requires timely assistance from the outside.
Following the political crisis at the beginning of the year and torrential rains in May, Haiti has now been ravaged by tropical storm Jeanne.
AP - Orders to U.S. factories for big-ticket goods dropped in August, largely weighed down by a sharp decline in demand for commercial airplanes.
China and Russia yesterday completed talks concerning the latter #39;s proposed accession to the World Trade Organization (WTO). They also mutually recognized the market economy status of each.
AP - Sony Corp.'s PlayStation Portable, which goes on sale in Japan later this year and overseas next spring, boasts the superb image quality of its home-console counterpart.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger reconfirmed his commitment to the English premier league club on Friday, saying that he would sign a new contract before the end ofthe year.
A rebel group battling rival militias and government forces in Nigeria #39;s oil-rich delta has threatened to target oil installations in an escalation of the conflict.
Industry analysts expect close to 10,000 job cuts in the coming weeks so that the workers can be removed from AT T's books by the end of the year.
The European Union's competition commissioner could be ready to allow Oracle to proceed with its \$7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft.
Noranda, Canada's largest mining company, said on Friday that it may be acquired by the China Minmetals Corporation in a deal worth more than \$4.7 billion.
AP - A buffalo considered sacred by some American Indians because it was born white has died of natural causes at the age of 10, its owner said.
House Democrats immediately criticized the long-awaited bill, which they said would not enact the 9/11 panel's recommendations.
Senator John Kerry escalated his critique of President Bush as commander in chief, saying that the Iraq invasion was a diversion from the battle against Al Qaeda.
Hurricanes have crippled the campaign season in Florida, and candidates are only now starting to make up for lost time.
Signaling a possible wider slowdown in the semiconductor industry, Royal Philips Electronics on Friday became the latest company to say that its chip sales had begun to stall, at least temporarily.
AP - A poll of American Indians found that an overwhelming majority of them are not bothered by the name of the Washington Redskins.
Charles Barkley will always be remembered for his infamous television commercial, in which he defiantly proclaimed:  quot;I am not a role model.
AP - An appeal did little to help St. Louis reliever Julian Tavarez, who was suspended for eight days Friday for applying a foreign substance to balls while pitching last month.
The head of the Olympic doping lab in Athens rejected the suggestion that human error was to blame for the deterioration of Tyler Hamilton's blood specimen.
Could Google be on the verge of creating its own Web browser, or is the guessing game about the company #39;s post-IPO plans spinning out of control?
Elena Baranova scored 17 points to lead the New York Liberty to a 75-62 victory over the Detroit Shock in Game 1 of their first-round WNBA playoff series.
Prince Harry, younger son of the Prince of Wales, has passed his entrance exam to Sandhurst and is looking forward to joining the Army.
Europe #39;s top consumer electronics group Philips cut the forecast for its closely watched chip unit on Friday and predicted a significant slowdown for the semiconductor industry next year.
A new crew will be sent to the International Space Station next month, even though there are concerns about maintaining adequate oxygen and other supplies on the orbiting laboratory, NASA officials said Friday.
Andy Roddick broke his own fastest serve record as he helped the US take a 2-0 lead over Belarus in their Davis Cup semi-final on Friday.
The senior Islamic body in Britain, the Muslim Council of Britain, has sent two envoys to Baghdad to try to secure the release of the kidnapped engineer Kenneth Bigley.
NEW YORK Stocks moved modestly higher Friday as stable oil prices and a report on durable goods orders cheered investors at the end of a losing week.
After a four-year competition, Lockheed Martin Corp. won a Navy contract worth up to \$3.3 billion yesterday to develop satellites that could help soldiers and sailors communicate.
The ravages of Hurricane Ivan have left their mark on three islands in the Caribbean in very different ways. As people try to pick up the pieces of their lives across the region, there 
Iraq #39;s new prime minister, in his debut appearance before the UN General Assembly, appealed to world governments on Friday to put aside their differences over the war and help Baghdad rebuild.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell appealed to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat on Thursday to step aside for the sake of achieving his lifetime goal of a Palestinian state.
In a spot similar to Game 7 of last season's American League Championship Series, Pedro Martnez got another chance Friday night. Again, he failed.
The choreography of defensive play-calling and substitutions is one reason for the strong start this season by the Redskins' defense -- ranked atop the NFL after two games.
An arbitrator ruled yesterday that tailback Ricky Williams, who retired just before training camp, must repay the Dolphins \$8.6 million.
A basketball refugee when the ROckers folded, Chasity Melvin has since helped stabilize the Mystics without Chamique Holdsclaw.
Vijay Singh follows up his opening-round 64 by shooting a steady 68 and maintains a two-shot lead over American Ben Curtis in Farmington.
 BEIJING (Reuters) - An overloaded ferry sank in China's  powerful Yellow River killing at least 12 people and leaving 36  missing, the China Daily newspaper said Saturday.
Officials in Californian announce tough new regulations to stem the emission of greenhouse gases from cars.
The country's labor force is stalling as urban workers, tired of paltry pay and rat-infested apartments, seek higher wages and better conditions in rural areas.
U.N. troops fired smoke grenades Friday as crowds tried to break into a food distribution site, demonstrating growing desperation at the slow pace of relief since Tropical Storm Jeanne.
The Expos may be playing their final few games, but the Phillies found out firsthand that this vanishing breed isn #39;t about to go quietly.
An arbitrator ruled yesterday that tailback Ricky Williams, who retired just before training camp, must repay the Miami Dolphins \$8.
Let the champagne flow. A Braves team that will forever be known for its resilient spirit captured its 13th consecutive division title in fitting fashion on Friday, with a dramatic comeback victory.
AP - U.S. troops and helicopter gunships killed five suspected Taliban rebels Friday, hours after militants attacked Afghan army troops in southern Afghanistan, a provincial governor said.
Two Williams in front at the start, then two Ferraris at the end... The order is mixed up, and its hard to see what might happen in qualifying.
D.C. United, riding a season-high two-game win streak, will try to hand the Crew its first loss in three months as it visits Columbus.
Derrek Lee hits an RBI single in the 10th inning and Aramis Ramirez homers in the seventh, leading the Cubs to a 2-1 win over the Mets.
An NFL player's repeated drunken driving arrests have helped expose a loophole in a national registry that allows some offenders to remain behind the wheel even after a state suspends their licenses.
About 600 baggage handlers and maintenance staff working for air services provider Servisair have gone on strike at Gatwick Airport in a dispute over working conditions.
Colin Montgomerie shot a 5-over-par 77 and missed the cut at The Heritage yesterday, five days after making the winning putt for Europe at the Ryder Cup.
FIA President Max Mosley has dismissed suggestions that the big teams could run three cars next year after Ford #39;s sudden withdrawl from the sport.
At the start of yesterday #39;s practice, Redskins quarterback Mark Brunell jogged from sideline to sideline while throwing passes to Tim Hasselbeck about 10 yards away.
The latest batch of images from the Cassini spacecraft has established that the speculations made by scientists from the Space Science Institute were true after all.
The 211-page report that was released on Wednesday by the Fannie Mae regulatory agency has put Roger L. Barnes in the spotlight.
NEW YORK: Pakistan and India on Friday agreed to explore possible options for a peaceful and negotiated settlement of the issue of Jammu and Kashmir in a sincere spirit and purposeful manner.
Dr Raja Ramanna, the bellwether of Indias nuclear programme, passed away at Bombay Hospital in the early hours of Friday. He was 79.
A Canadian was forced to delay its first launch in the X Prize competition, an international race to put civilians into space. First prize is US\$10 million.
Australia has retained its place in the Davis Cup world group after outlasting a dogged Moroccan team in today #39;s doubles rubber at Perth #39;s Royal Kings Park.
The European Union's competition commissioner is ready to allow Oracle to proceed with its \$7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft, people close to the case said Friday
Signaling a possible wider slowdown in the semiconductor industry, Royal Philips Electronics on Friday became the latest company to say that sales had begun to stall.
Ichiro Suzuki moved closer to the single-season record with two more hits as he led the Seattle Mariners past the Texas Rangers 8-7 in the American League Friday.
The fate of British hostage Kenneth Bigley has come to encapsulate the unbridgeable division between the political establishment and the democratic hopes and concerns of working people.
The Boeing Co. expects to sell its Wichita, Kan., fuselage and components plant by the end of 2004, Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher said yesterday.
including its own Sony BMG venture - over the MP3 song format. Sony is considering manufacturing devices that play digital 
PRIME Minister John Howard today rejected claims warnings from a top weapons expert were ignored before Australia sent troops to war in Iraq.
The dream of watching the Formula One Grand Prix with their own eyes on their home circuit has been realized as the F1 Chinese Grand Prix makes its China debut here on Sunday.
Trend Micro on Monday followed in the footsteps of rivals like Symantec by introducing anti-virus and anti-spam software for handhelds and smart cell phones.
and it surely is not -- it isn #39;t for lack of a great story, compelling characters, and a capable director. Really, the 
NEW YORK: President Pervez Musharraf has called his meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh historic for India, Pakistan relations, in an interview to US television.
A new crew will be sent to the International Space Station next month, even though there are concerns about adequate oxygen and other supplies.
The Champions Trophy final against West Indies is England's biggest one-day match for 12 years.
Pan Yue's job as deputy director of China's top environmental agency has given him the opportunity to put environmentalism on the national agenda.
One of the worlds largest providers of Linux software on Monday said the Philippines has great potential for developing open-source computing because Filipinos have a thorough understanding 
In the never-ending and rarely successful quest to neutralize Barry Bonds, conventional baseball wisdom is about as useful as a fastball down the middle.
Reuters - Japan's Ichiro Suzuki\is poised to break one of the oldest records in major league\baseball.
 SEATTLE/ARLINGTON, Texas (Reuters) - Japan's Ichiro Suzuki  is poised to break one of the oldest records in major league  baseball.
Microsoft chief Bill Gates has topped the list of business magazine Forbes #39; 400 Richest Americans list for the ninth consecutive year, while India-born Amar Gopal Bose is ranked 278.
Elena Baranova scored 17 points to lead the New York Liberty over the Shock in Detroit last night in Game 1 of their first-round best-of-three series.
WASHINGTON -- Orders to US factories for big-ticket goods dropped in August, largely weighed down by a sharp decline in demand for commercial airplanes.
NEW YORK -- Mutual funds suffered along with the rest of the stock market during a troubled third quarter, with growth and technology sector funds posting the worst returns.
The Egyptian foreign ministry has confirmed the abduction of six Egyptians employed by an Iraqi unit of the Egyptian telecom giant Orascom.
Game makers need to spend time to make sure that music adds to the playing experience.
As the first X-Prize flights go ahead, BBC News Online asks SpaceShipOne's Burt Rutan to explain his motivation to fly above the Earth.
A rare reef fish called the humphead wrasse should be guarded from the trade that is threatening its future, conservationists say.
BAGHDAD -- A judge has dismissed counterfeiting charges against a senior political figure once considered a front-runner to become Iraq's leader, authorities said yesterday.
Flights out of Gatwick were leaving on time this morning despite the start of a 24-hour strike by hundreds of baggage handlers. The airport said scheduled flights 
Morningstar, the research firm that tracks more than 16,000 mutual funds, is under investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
A federal judge dismissed charges against a New York record store owner on Friday who had been selling unauthorized recordings of concerts, saying a law against boot-legging was unconstitutional.
 quot;I'll be another ghost, fully capable of haunting. quot; -- Grady Little, shortly before he was let go as manager of the Red Sox
If you're old enough to think you may have seen a Yankee lineup like this before, you have.
Houston's Roger Clemens struck out a season-high 12 to surpass 200 in a season for the 12th time in his career.
Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams was ordered yesterday to repay the team more than \$8.6 million for breaching his contract when he suddenly quit before training camp.
CALGARY -- Kananaskis Country will take on a Tour de France feel tomorrow as its perennial champion Lance Armstrong leads a swarm of cyclists through the Rockies.
ARSENE WENGER last night taunted Real Madrid by insisting he would take over at the Bernabeu only if he was homeless and unemployed.
ATLANTA -- The cigars were bigger than ever, the champagne and beer just as cold. The scene in the joyous Atlanta Braves clubhouse showed that winning never gets old.
LONDON: England seeks to cap a successful summer with its first major one-day cricket tournament win when it faces the West Indies in the Champions Trophy final today at the Oval.
Shawn Green can sit out today knowing he was already a huge help to the Los Angeles Dodgers during their crucial series against San Francisco.
Port Adelaide Power beat the Brisbane Lions by 40 points in the Australian Football League grand final to win its first premiership, ending the Lions #39; run of three titles.
Investigation into this month #39;s crash of the Genesis spacecraft entered a new phase last week inside a Jefferson County laboratory.
The Yankees were so encouraged after Kevin Brown threw a bullpen session Friday that they put off announcing their starter for Sunday #39;s game one more day.
Sudan condemned UN threats of sanctions against Khartoum on Thursday, saying they would only undermine efforts to restore security in the devastated western region of Darfur.
A virulent form of hepatitis that is especially lethal for pregnant women has broken out in two of Iraq's most troubled districts.
The cleaning staff at the alpine chalet outside Soldier Hollow, the nordic venue for the Salt Lake City Olympics, noticed something odd that the last renters had left behind in February 2002.
Orange unveiled its third-generation (3G) mobile phones in a long-delayed commercial launch, with seven new handset models aimed at its key French 
London, September 25: West Indies captain Brian Lara won the toss and opted to field in the ICC Champions Trophy cricket tournament final against England on Saturday.
ARLINGTON, Va. US Airways chief executive Bruce Lakefield says the airline will ask a bankruptcy judge to impose large temporary pay cuts on its union workers.
In March 2002, a Delaware-size Antarctic Peninsula ice shelf collapsed. Since then, several glaciers in the region have accelerated.
Brisbane #39;s AFL fans gathered in their thousands all over the city with high hopes the Lions could win their fourth consecutive grand final.
Playing its first game in Idaho since 1954, BYU faces another non-conference opponent Friday when they travel to Boise to take on No.
A day after a mortar round killed an Israeli-American woman in a nearby settlement, the Israeli army charged into a Palestinian refugee camp Saturday, killing 
MOSCOW, September 24 (Itar-Tass) - Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed satisfaction with the tempo of trade turnover growth between Russia and China.
I went into this week #39;s PeopleSoft Connect user conference expecting to find the shadow of Oracle #39;s hostile takeover bid casting a pall over the proceedings.
Orders for US durable goods fell unexpectedly in August but beat forecasts once transportation equipment was stripped out, government data showed on Friday in evidence the economy is again pumping strongly.
Underdogs Port Adelaide won their first Australian rules football title, beating Brisbane Lions by 40 points in the Grand Final at the MCG.
Four US Marines were killed in action in Iraq on Friday in three attacks west of Baghdad, the American military said on Saturday. US marines are based in the volatile Anbar province, which 
A demonstration by pro-hunt campaigners is being held outside Peter Hain's home in south Wales.
AP - As far as Washington is concerned, the negotiations with Major League Baseball are essentially done. Now it's a matter of waiting for a 33-year drought to end.
I want to thank The Post for the Sept. 17 editorial  quot;More Straight Talk quot; about the critical events that will take place next month in Ukraine and Belarus.
Suffolk Downs must apply to the state commission for 2005 racing dates by Oct. 1, and management intends to seek a schedule similar to this year's, with some modifications.
The San Francisco Giants faced long time rivals, the Los Angeles Dodgers in tonights game. The Giants hoped to cut down the Dodgers lead in the West by .
Florida - Hurricane Jeanne forced the evacuations of more than 800 000 residents on Saturday as it bore down on Florida with winds near 170 kph and threatened to strengthen into a major storm.
As chief marketing officer of UK mobile phone giant O2, Kent Thexton was in charge of convincing subscribers to gobble up wireless data.
Kananaskis Country will take on a Tour de France feel Sept. 26 as its perennial champion, Lance Armstrong, leads a swarm of cyclists through the Rockies.
It was about taking care of business, or maybe it was about the Boston Red Sox not -gain. The Yankees didnt play their best game, but because the Red 
Ichiro Suzuki stroked two more hits Friday night to pass Ty Cobb in his inexorable march to overtake George Sisler. Raul Ibanez reached base five more times 
The Oakland Raiders needed a 24-hour extension and some behind-the-scenes maneuvering to make it happen, but managed to avoid what would have been the most embarrassing television 
The price of crude oil rose to a record high yesterday even as the Bush administration agreed to tap the nation #39;s emergency oil stockpile because of supply problems caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Reuters - Back at the start of the year the\stock market's big players had the October employment report\circled in red.
Microsoft (Quote, Chart) fired another shot in its war on spam with a lawsuit against a Web hosting company that claimed to help spammers avoid being shut down.
A team of astronomers, whose leader teaches at the University of Hawaii, has observed a head-on collision of two galaxy clusters, in which trillions of stars have been smashed together.
The software giant will stop offering security upgrades of its troubled Internet Explorer Web browser to users of older Windows operating systems.
Several explosions went off in the Iraqi Oil Ministry compound in central Baghdad on Saturday and witnesses said the explosions were probably caused by a mortar attack.
A drop in the pace of home sales was not enough to keep housing from getting even more expensive across Massachusetts last month.
Sept. 22, 2004 - Belching and farting sheep and cattle, blamed by doomsters for driving the planet towards climate catastrophe, may have met their match.
First, we had Pete Rose betting on baseball. Then we had Pete Rose betting on baseball, the report. Then we had 14 years of Pete Rose denying that he bet on baseball.
An investigation was launched yesterday after a journalist posing as a surveyor sparked a security scare at the Queen #39;s official residence in Scotland.
AP - Iran said Saturday it successfully tested a "strategic missile" and delivered it to its armed forces, state-run radio reported.
Brian Laras brilliance undermined Englands ICC Champions Trophy victory bid at the Oval this morning. West Indies captain Lara, who earlier won the toss, inflicted a major 
The Dodgers #39; starter limits San Francisco to three hits as Los Angeles opens a 2 1/2-game lead. By Nick Peters -- Bee Staff Writer.
OIL giant Royal Dutch/Shell has evacuated two platforms in Nigerias southern region, following clashes between troops and militia fighters.
Turkey #39;s long battle for EU membership was back on track yesterday, after Ankara pledged to press ahead with key reforms and backed down over plans to criminalise adultery.
Anfield is one of the stadiums the players, officials and fans of Norwich dreamed of revisiting as they put their promotion-winning campaign together last season.
Rafael Benitez accepts he must plan to stop a Brazilian double act if Liverpool are to emerge unscathed from their European examination in Greece.
Thousands take to the streets of Taiwan's capital, Taipei, in protest at plans to buy \$18bn in arms from the US.
SAN FRANCISCO -- Shawn Green can sit out today knowing he was a huge help to the Dodgers during their crucial series against San Francisco.
The teams and drivers have spent two days learning the Chinese circuit, but there are still plenty of questions ahead of tomorrows race
According to Michelins F1 chief, the two tyre manufacturers have gone for very different approaches at Shanghai. It could make the race interesting.
AFP - Swedish fashion retailer Hennes and Mauritz is in talks to buy all 35 shops belonging to Macmoda, Portugal's largest clothing retail chain.
Marcus Trescothick maintained his consistent form in the ICC Champions Trophy with a century as favourites England totalled 217 against West Indies in todays final at The Oval.
AP - Everywhere Duke University graduate student Brendan Nyhan and his partners in the political Web site spinsanity.com look, they see spin.
Greg Rusedski produced one of his finest clay-court performances to haul Great Britain level in their Davis Cup clash with Austria in Portschach.
AS the roar of their fans swept over the Port players in yesterday #39;s Grand Final parade, the enormity of the occasion finally hit.
Suspected Taliban militants have launched a string of attacks on security posts in southern Afghanistan, killing nine soldiers, an official said.
An international team of scientists have discovered a head-on collision of two galaxy clusters, one of the most powerful collisions ever documented, China Radio International reported Saturday.
Didier Drogba struck nine minutes from time to give Chelsea a 1-0 win at Middlesbrough that took them to provisional top spot in the Premier League on Saturday.
SACHIN Tendulkar yesterday worshipped at the feet of an elephant-headed statue but does not expect his prayers to be answered in time to play Australia next week.
London, Sep 25. Put into bat by West Indies captain Brian Lara, England managed to score just 217 with two balls to spare in their allotted overs during their ICC clash here today.
Honest, sincere and a man of integrity - the most common definition for the man whom many call an  #39;accidental politician #39;.
The Bahamas are lashed by howling winds and rain as a hurricane roars through the islands on its way to Florida.
A demonstration by pro-hunt campaigners outside Peter Hain's home in south Wales comes to a peaceful end.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho insisted victory over Middlesbrough was never in doubt after Didier Drogba grabbed a winner 10 minutes from time at the Riverside Stadium.
PORT Adelaide claimed its first AFL flag and stopped the Brisbane premiership juggernaut with a stunning upset Grand Final win at the MCG yesterday.
Police say up to 30 armed militants have been killed as a result of clashes in Nigeria #39;s mountainous border region with Cameroon.
The Brisbane Lions #39; football manager stepped out of the changerooms just before six o #39;clock last night and handed one of the milling supporters a six-pack of beer.
United Nations - Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi on Friday appealed to world leaders at the United Nations to put aside their differences over the war and help rebuild his shattered nation.
All the action as Tim Henman and Greg Rusedski take on Julian Knowle and Alexander Peya in the doubles of the Davis Cup qualifier between Great Britain and Austria.
It was a smooth deflection -- as fluid as the floating, twisting, game-turning layup Nicole Ohlde had been asked about a few seconds earlier.
AP - A car exploded near a Palestinian industrial zone in the town of Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip on Saturday, witnesses said.
Iran's defence minister says a strategic missile has been successfully tested and delivered to the military.
A company creates artificial reefs with cremation ashes and marine-grade concrete to honor the remains of the dearly departed.
Hey, Lance Armstrong, the company that owes you \$5 million US for winning your sixth Tour de France doesn #39;t want to pay because of doping allegations.
HE was not at the Ryder Cup and he has yet to figure prominently at a major, but Graeme McDowell is starting to become a real force in European golf.
Didier Drogba scored in the 81st minute as Chelsea won 1-0 at Middlesbrough in English soccer #39;s Premiership to move atop the standings.
FALLUJAH, Iraq. Four US marines were killed in three separate incidents in the restive Al-Anbar province of western Iraq, the US military announced Saturday.
Seven-time Formula One champion Michael Schumacher took on the Shanghai circuit Saturday in qualifying for the first Chinese Grand Prix.
PRINCE Harry, the third in line to the British throne, followed royal family tradition yesterday by announcing he was about to join the army.
Tony Blair vows that the government "will continue to do whatever it can" for hostage Ken Bigley.
A criminal psychiatrist and a writer for The New Yorker have accused playwright Bryony Lavery of plagiarizing their work in her play "Frozen."
AP - Hurricane Jeanne forced the postponement of Sunday's game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Miami Dolphins. The game has not been rescheduled.
Didier Drogba struck nine minutes from time to give Chelsea a 1-0 win at Middlesbrough on Saturday and prevent a third successive goalless Premier League draw for the Londoners.
25 September 2004 -- The Iranian defense minister announced today that the country has successfully test-fired a strategic, long-range missile and delivered the weapon to its armed forces.
AP - Their first debate less than a week away, President Bush and Democrat John Kerry kept their public schedules clear on Saturday and began to focus on their prime-time showdown.
About 600 Servisair baggage handlers at Gatwick International Airport in West Sussex, England, staged a 24-hour strike Saturday over a workload dispute.
The Fish and Wildlife Service is under scrutiny for neglecting to protect endangered panther habitat. By Warren Richey  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Serbia and Montenegro champions Red Star Belgrade beat city rivals Cukaricki 1-0 on Saturday to give new manager Ratko Dostanic his first taste of success on his debut.
Russian President Vladimir Putin and visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao sat they want to strengthen cooperation between their countries.
The new law has touched off a battle between insurance companies and drug companies that could determine how many medicines will be readily available to Medicare beneficiaries.
A sweeping voter registration campaign in heavily Democratic areas has added tens of thousands of new voters to the rolls in the swing states of Ohio and Florida.
The military also said it had conducted an airstrike early Saturday morning in the volatile city of Falluja to kill militants holding a meeting.
LA CROSSE, Wis. - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida...
 Davie, Fla. (Sports Network) - Sunday's game between the  Miami Dolphins and Pittsburgh Steelers has been postponed  because of Hurricane Jeanne.
Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz has said the country will continue to provide support for Kashmiri people to achieve the right of self-determination.
Michael Schumacher took on the new track during qualifying Saturday for the first Chinese Grand Prix. The track won. The seven-time Formula One champion was barely five seconds into his lap and just starting 
Top officials with the Miami Dolphins on Saturday have postponed this weekend #39;s game against the Pittsburgh Steelers, due to the high winds and rain associated with Hurricane Jeanne.
One Palestinian was killed by the Israeli forces and a woman settler in a Palestinian attack. News reports quoted Israeli military sources as saying that the Israeli occupation forces killed one Palestinian 
A tool that makes it easy to craft malicious JPEG images then let them loose against vulnerable Windows PCs has appeared, security experts said Friday, leading many to believe 
Troubled Serbia-Montenegro champion Red Star Belgrade on Saturday named Ratko Dostanic its new coach, signing him on for a three-year contract, the club said.
MIAMI -- As Hurricane Jeanne gained speed and moved closer to Florida Saturday, the Miami Dolphins announced that their home game against the Steelers has been postponed.
AP - A high North Korean official dismissed reports his government was preparing to test fire a long-range missile as "conjecture, rumor and speculation," Japanese news media said Saturday.
Boston Scientific Corp said on Friday it has recalled an ear implant the company acquired as part of its purchase of Advanced Bionics in June.
Austria and Britain split the opening singles matches Saturday in a Davis Cup World Group playoff with Stefan Koubek and Greg Rusedski both emerging victorious.
Orders for durable goods including computers and communications equipment rose last month by the most since March, evidence that US manufacturing is gaining momentum less than two months before the presidential election.
Wayne Rooney will begin his Manchester United career, ahead of schedule, on Wednesday when he is named among the substitutes for the Champions League match against Fenerbahce 
England were denied the climax they wanted to a memorable summer by an outrageous ninth wicket partnership of 71 between Courtney Browne and Ian Bradshaw.
Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson said Rio Ferdinand #39;s return from suspension had lifted his entire team after their 1-0 win at Tottenham Hotspur on Saturday.
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights says Darfur refugees live in fear, and  that rape is widespread.
AP - The game between the Toronto Blue Jays and the Tampa Bay Devil Rays on Sunday has been canceled because of Hurricane Jeanne and will not be made up.
Arsenal remains atop English soccer #39;s Premiership after a 1-0 victory at Manchester City extended its unbeaten league record to 47 matches.
AP - New York Giants safety Shaun Williams will have surgery on his left knee Monday to repair damaged cartilage.
AP - Henrik Stenson shot a 5-under-par 67 Saturday for a one-stroke lead over Swedish countryman Patrik Sjoland after three rounds at The Heritage.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Spain stepped closer to their second  consecutive Davis Cup final appearance on Saturday after Tommy  Robredo and Rafael Nadal claimed a tense doubles victory over  France.
 CHICAGO (Reuters) - At first glance, paying \$13 or \$14 for  a hard-wired Internet laptop connection in a hotel room might  seem expensive.
Swedens Henrik Stenson returned to the fray in The Heritage at Woburn Golf and Country Club taking the third round lead with a five under par 67.
A delegation from the Muslim Council of Britain has travelled to Baghdad to make a plea for the release of British captive Ken Bigley.
California regulators on Thursday ordered farmers to stop employing field hands to weed commercial crops by hand, becoming the first state in the nation to limit such back-wrenching work.
ARLINGTON, Va. US Airways has asked a bankruptcy judge to impose temporary pay cuts on union workers to conserve cash flow during the slow fall travel season.
Atlanta Public Schools officials Friday admitted a few missteps but denied major failings in their spending of \$60 million of federal technology subsidies.
Henrik Stenson led The Heritage third round by a stroke from countryman Patrik Sjoland as Swedes dominated the leaderboard on Saturday.
Germany said on Saturday that Italy #39;s opposition to its campaign for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council could mean Europe loses out.
AP - Quarterback Mark Brunell will start for the Washington Redskins on Monday night against the Dallas Cowboys, having recovered sufficiently from a strained hamstring.
Egypt on Saturday called for the immediate release of Egyptians and other nationals taken hostage in violence-ravaged Iraq.  quot;Egypt is against the practice of hostage-taking to 
An investigative judge questioned former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet for half an hour on Saturday to decide whether to indict him in one of hundreds 
All three of the newly promoted sides are still searching for a first win of the season after a day of predictable results gave the Premiership table an all too familiar look.
The 48th General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) concluded Friday evening with a call for the prevention of the proliferation of weapons of mass 
Ralf Schumacher drew plaudits from team boss Frank Williams on Saturday after qualifying fifth for Sunday #39;s inaugural Chinese Grand Prix despite a three-month absence from Formula One.
Dover, DE (Sports Network) - Series points leader Martin Truex Jr. earned the win in Saturday afternoon #39;s Stacker 200 Busch race at the Dover International Speedway.
GAZA CITY, GAZA STRIP - An early morning missile attack by Israel on a refugee camp has left one Palestinian dead and five wounded.
FOREIGN fighters from the al-Qaeda terror network were infiltrating Afghanistan to disrupt upcoming elections, the commander of US forces in the country said today.
Antigua needs to implement an aggressive reform program to break years of fiscal mismanagement and lift itself out of deep debt, the International Monetary Fund said Friday.
AP - Insurance companies are using satellites to identify homes at high risk of fire damage because of their proximity to brush  #151; a development that alarms some state regulators and privacy advocates.
AP - Beyond the tired cliches and sperm-and-egg basics taught in grade school science class, researchers are discovering that men and women are even more different than anyone realized.
The West Indies has won the Champions Trophy one-day cricket tournament in London by two wickets over England. The visitors scored 218 for eight in 48.
For the second time in three weeks, a tropical disturbance has forced the Miami Dolphins from participating in an NFL Sunday. With Hurricane Jeanne - a Category 2 storm - threatening the east coast of Florida 
Eric Shelton ran for three touchdowns and No. 24 Louisville earned its second shutout of the season with a 34-0 victory over North Carolina on Saturday.
A delegation from the Muslim Council of Britain is travelling to Baghdad in an attempt to secure the release of hostage Kenneth Bigley.
US Airways wants a bankruptcy judge to impose temporary wage and other cost cuts on its union workers, warning that it only has enough cash to operate through January.
Bobby Shriver kicked off his campaign for a seat on the Santa Monica City Council Sunday at the opening of his campaign headquarters at 3004 Santa Monica Boulevard.
Lauren Jackson scored 14 points to lead the Seattle Storm past the Minnesota Lynx 70-58 Saturday in the first game of their WNBA Western Conference semifinal series.
Reuters - Germany said on Saturday that Italy's\opposition to its campaign for a permanent seat on the U.N.\Security Council could mean Europe loses out.
LA CROSSE, Wis. - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida...
AP - Florida State quarterback Chris Rix left Saturday's game against Clemson late in the first quarter with an injured right ankle.
 LONDON (Reuters) - The United States swept past Belarus  Saturday to clinch their first Davis Cup final appearance since  1997.
Part of the reason anybody believes in quarterback Jeff Garcia's ability to revive the Cleveland Browns stems from a game 21 long months ago.
Insurance companies are using satellites to identify homes at high risk of fire damage because of their proximity to brush--a development that alarms some state regulators and privacy advocates.
GLASGOW, Scotland -- Celtic striker Henri Camara scored twice to give the Scottish champions a 3-0 win over Dunfermline Athletic in the Premier League.
British police said Saturday they have arrested four terror suspects in London who were reportedly on suspicion of plotting to explode a dirty bomb on the streets of Britain.
Three banks are on the verge of winning a High Court case that could have profound implications for the future of Formula One. The banks appear to have successfully challenged the right of 
THE United States advanced to the final of the 2004 Davis Cup today, taking an unbeatable 3-0 lead over Belarus with a victory in the doubles.
At least seven people are killed in fresh US air strikes on the volatile Iraqi city of Falluja, local medics say.
THE Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index rose as a government report showed factory orders for items such as computers and electronics climbed last month, suggesting strength in manufacturing.
A Chilean judge has questioned former dictator Augusto Pinochet about political opponents who were abducted and presumably murdered during his 17-year rule.
AP - Craig Stadler already is atop the Champions Tour money list, and now he's poised to become the first tour player in more than six years to win three consecutive tournaments.
Kevin Brown will return to the New York Yankees' rotation Sunday to start the series finale against the Boston Red Sox.
Lauren Jackson scores 14 points to lead the Seattle Storm past the Minnesota Lynx 70-58 Saturday in the first game of their Western Conference semifinal series.
Vijay Singh remained on course for a fifth victory in six events with a second-round 68 to lead the 84 Lumber Classic tournament in Pennsylvania.
US aircraft, tanks and artillery have pounded the resistance stronghold of Fallujah, killing at least eight people and wounding 15, while rebels struck back in Baghdad by killing six police recruits.
AP - The University of Rhode Island has designed a voyage to the bottom of the sea for students in an emerging field of scientific exploration  #151; archaeological oceanography.
India #39;s Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said Saturday he raised the issue of terrorism with Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf.
The Golf Expert is here with answers to your questions. Since slow play is not encouraged, let #39;s quickly move to the first tee, er, question and get started.
Michigan Stadium was mostly filled with empty seats. The only cheers were coming from near one end zone -he Iowa section. By Carlos Osorio, AP.
Iran added a strategic missile #39; #39; to its military arsenal after a successful test, and the defense minister said Saturday his country was ready to confront any external threat.
Anti-terrorist branch police investigating claims a group was trying to buy radioactive material arrest four men.
Prize-winning Spanish writer  Camilo Jose Cela informed for General Franco's regime, a historian says.
Lock maker Kryptonite and parent Ingersoll-Rand face at least five proposed class-action lawsuits in the United States and Canada after admitting this week that popular 
Martin Petrov put the home side ahead early, but Kaiserslautern #39;s Carsten Jancker made it 1-1 with just eight minutes remaining.
TEHERAN - Iran added one more missile to its military arsenal and the defence minister said on Saturday his country was ready to confront any external threat.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorist offences following a sting operation organised by a Sunday newspaper, police said last night.
I have been to zero gravity and flown like Superman. This is something that only astronauts and the stars of Apollo 13 have done before.
Iraq #39;s vice president conceded Saturday that voting might not be possible in all parts of the country when elections are held in in January.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorist offences as part of a planned operation by the Metropolitan Police. The men are suspected of attempting to buy radioactive material for 
KUANTAN: Having already set a world record on Tuesday, Scorpion Queen Nur Malena Hassan put more sting into her feat by staying on for four more days.
AFP - A film on a boy losing his vision to cancer has been chosen as India's entry for an Oscar nomination, beating big-budget Bollywood productions, the director said.
AP - President Bush and Democrat John Kerry are concentrating on Iraq and relegating other international issues to the sidelines. Their preoccupation is not lost on other world leaders.
Airlines apparently pushed through a fare increase yesterday after months of unsuccessful attempts to raise prices, helping to offset record-high jet-fuel costs.
AP - Marques Hagans had 283 total yards with two touchdown runs and a TD pass to lead No. 12 Virginia to a 31-10 victory over Syracuse on Saturday.
AP - Braylon Edwards caught six passes for 150 yards and a touchdown and No. 18 Michigan turned four turnovers into 27 points in a 30-17 win over Iowa on Saturday.
Oil prices headed higher after Nigerian locals seized oil pumping stations, with news of an attack on the US consulate in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, also pushing prices higher, dealers said.
Terry Francona is drawing comparisons to former Red Sox manager Grady Little for a decision that he made in Friday #39;s series-opening loss to the Yankees.
AP - Kevin Brown will return to the New York Yankees' rotation Sunday to start the series finale against the Boston Red Sox.
Mets rookie Victor Diaz stroked a tying three-run home run with two out in the ninth and Craig Brazell won it in the 11th with his first major-league homer.
The Giants showed on Saturday that they can win even the biggest games without Barry Bonds #39;s bat. Pedro Feliz hit a tie-breaking grand slam with two outs 
Home decor retailer Kirkland #39;s Inc. on Thursday said the hurricanes that wreaked havoc throughout the southeastern United States will cause it to lose \$1.
Red Sox fans never had the chance to boo Grady Little for letting Pedro Martinez start the eighth inning against the Yankees in Game 7 of the 2003 ALCS.
UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan assured the Iraqis that the world body will provide assistance to their elections next year, including more staff  quot;as circumstances permit.
A French national was shot and killed in the Saudi Arabian city of Jiddah early Sunday, the Interior Ministry said. The man was shot at 1 am in the Red Sea port city.
The Egyptian government says it wants to unify the calls to prayer that air separately from thousands of mosque loudspeakers in the capital Cairo.
Oracle's attempted takeover of PeopleSoft can be seen as a harbinger of many more in a mature industry.
The bloggers covering the presidential race are maverick, funny, mostly partisan and always hypercaffeinated. Are they ruining political journalism or recharging it?
Inspired by graffiti, posters and the communal culture of the Web, stickers are gaining wide attention as an artistic phenomenon.
While most experts appear to agree that electronic voting has real problems, few argue that they could completely undermine the November election.
Online sales of untaxed cigarettes are provoking a stampede of protests from a disparate collection of antitobacco groups, cash-strapped state governments and local retailers.
Ravens cornerback Deion Sanders is still listed as questionable for today's game in Cincinnati because of an injured left hamstring.
Carmen Douma-Hussar thought she would be enjoying a vacation in Florida yesterday, not running a race.
 The level at which the Federal Reserve #39;s federal funds rate, the overnight rate charged between banks, neither stimulates nor slows economic growth.
Martha Stewart, the queen of homemaking, who was granted her wish to start her prison sentence next month, causing stock in her company, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc.
Kansas offense may not have been able to post a whole lot of yards, but they were able to take advantage of several opportunities created by the defense.
Oil prices eased from near-record highs in Asian trade today after the US government said it may draw from its strategic reserves to make up for supply shortages, dealers said.
Former heavyweight champ Riddick Bowe is attempting a comeback, starting over after a troubling eight years away from the ring.
Kevin Brown will return to the New York Yankees' rotation Sunday to start the series finale against the Boston Red Sox.
Shortstop Mark DeRosa suffered what appeared to be a significant injury to his right leg during the sixth inning of Saturday night #39;s game against the Marlins at Turner Field.
Jeremy Mayfield needs more than a victory at Dover International Speedway in Delaware to get back in the thick of the Nextel Cup championship race.
TONY Blair is today preparing to fight the most potentially damaging threat to his leadership as Labour Party conference begins in Brighton.
Iraq war blogs are as varied as the soldiers who write them. Some sites feature practical news, war pictures and advice...
MARIETTA, Ga. - About 800 friends and family members gathered Saturday to remember Jack Hensley, who was executed by terrorists in Iraq after his Sept...
Alex Yemenidjian, chairman of MGM and Kirk Kerkorian's right-hand man, ponders life after MGM, which was recently sold for \$5 billion.
Like so much in the post-Enron world, the quiet period - which begins when a company files paperwork to go public - has been redefined.
Corporate executives in Europe have taken steps to streamline operations to attract investors put off by delayed overhauls in economic policy that governments have yet to enact.
Skulls program proved that PDA and Mobile viruses are finally becoming a reality and it is no longer safe to just download anything from the Internet on your mobile handset.
The Illinois rushing offense and the Purdue passing offense dueled in the Big Ten opener for both schools on Saturday at Memorial Stadium in Champaign.
THE LEADING communications provider in the Caribbean, Cable  amp; Wireless, has announced the establishment of a US\$1 million relief fund to assist victims of Hurricane Ivan.
The United States have cemented their berth in the 2004 Davis Cup final after a doubles victory against Belarus on Saturday gave them an unbeatable 3-0 lead.
USC had another harrowing trip to the Bay Area. Thanks to their defense and their unstoppable tailback tandem, this one had a much happier ending.
A US soldier was sentenced to 25 years in prison for the murder of an Iraqi National Guardsman in May, the US military said Saturday.
Auburn, CA (Sports Network) - Leta Lindley fired a six-under 65 on Saturday to take the lead through 54 holes of the Longs Drugs Challenge.
AP - Iran added a "strategic missile" to its military arsenal after a successful test, and the defense minister said Saturday his country was ready to confront any external threat.
Voters and analysts fear that ballot-box clash of Karzai and rival candidate from different ethnic group could bring disaster.
With two weeks remaining before national elections and 18 candidates running for president, Afghanistan #39;s capital should be a frenzy of competing campaign 
Determined to give his best setup man, Tom Gordon, the night off, Manager Joe Torre watched as the Yankees disintegrated in the eighth inning Saturday.
Though the number of welfare recipients continues to decline, poverty rates -- particularly for single mothers and children -- have surged in recent years.
Last year, people sitting at home watching television spent \$91 billion on products they saw on infomercials, more than the gross domestic product of New Zealand.
Increasingly, consumers are finding that their checks are being electronically converted by banks, retailers, credit card companies and other businesses paid by check.
Javier Vazquez walked behind the mound during a miserable fifth inning Saturday night, a sign that he knew what was coming. Manager Joe Torre was a few seconds from taking the 
It was evident when their 10 cars were herded away from their less fortunate brethren by scurrying officials immediately after the cutoff race at Richmond International Raceway two weeks ago.
The Steelers-Dolphins game is still scheduled for 1 pm tomorrow at Pro Player Stadium in Miami as team and league officials monitor the progress of Hurricane Jeanne.
Reuters - Hurricane Jeanne slammed into\Florida with 115 mph winds and blinding rain on Saturday,\punching a coastal region still scarred from Hurricane Frances\three weeks ago.
Hurricane Jeanne reaches the US state of Florida, just hours after battering the Bahamas.
China is hosting its first Formula One Grand Prix on a gleaming new \$240 million circuit in Shanghai.
But the downside to Senator John Kerry's deliberative style is that his campaign has often moved slowly.
A registration campaign in Democratic areas has added tens of thousands of new voters to the rolls in Ohio and Florida.
Millions of people were urged to evacuate their homes as the hurricane gained speed and strength as it bore down on Florida's Atlantic coast.
merica #39;s largest and most profitable companies paid less in corporate income taxes in the last three years, even as they increased profits, according to a study released yesterday.
Florida Power  amp; Light Co. warned Saturday that customers in areas seriously damaged by Hurricane Jeanne may have to wait up to three weeks or more to get their power back.
AP - Some in boxing were worried Riddick Bowe would get hurt making a comeback after eight years outside the ring. On Saturday night, he was the one doing the hurting.
Sounds like a stupid question doesn #39;t it? A mouse is simply a tool that you use on your computer to point at various things and click on them.
Chris DiMarco carries a burden into the final round of the 84 Lumber Classic today, beyond trying to chase down Vijay Singh. Sitting two shots behind the No.
Morocco salvaged some pride after defeat with victory in the first reverse singles match in the Davis Cup World Group play-off in Perth.
Columbus extends its unbeaten streak to a single-season league record 14 games at the expense of United, as the Crew get a 1-0 shutout Saturday night.
Irish quarterback Brady Quinn took control of the game in the first half, completing 15-of-23 passes for 196 yards to lead Notre Dame to a 38-3 victory Saturday over Washington.
Jeremy Mayfield needs more than a victory at Dover International Speedway to get back in the thick of the Nextel Cup championship race.
Minutes after he finished his third round at the 84 Lumber Classic yesterday, DiMarco found fault with the threesomes that were used, the slow pace of play, life 
Boston -- There were no new concession speeches or genealogy reports issued yesterday by Pedro Martinez. Nothing more needed to be said.
General Electric Co. violated the law by failing to fully disclose to investors the many perks lavished on its retired chief executive Jack Welch, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Thursday.
Top seed Serena Williams battled her way into the China Open final yesterday, overcoming two service breaks to defeat Vera Zvonareva of Russia, 6-2, 6-3.
Laurence Maroney had a 50-yard touchdown run and finished with 145 yards rushing, and freshman Justin Valentine had three short TDs to lead No.
A Green Bay secondary that figured to be tested on Sunday, even if at full strength for the game with the Indianapolis Colts, took a considerable hit Saturday when cornerbacks 
Engineers and vehicles carrying liquid fuel have been seen gathering at North Korean bases housing missiles capable of striking most of Asia and parts of the United States, a Japanese newspaper said on Sunday.
Thousands of protesters marched through Taiwan #39;s capital on Saturday, urging the government to scrap a big US weapons package they said would trigger an arms race with China and squeeze social welfare.
of striking most of Asia and parts of the United States, a Japanese newspaper says. Rodong missiles are capable of reaching any part of Japan, the paper said.
A US soldier has been sentenced to 25 years in jail for the murder of an Iraqi National Guard soldier in May, the US military says.
The United States and Iraq are crafting a two-pronged plan to prepare for Iraq #39;s first democratic election in January, combining a fall military offensive to evict insurgents 
AP - Hurricane Jeanne forced the Miami Dolphins and Pittsburgh Steelers to move their game to prime time Sunday.
The script is so familiar, all the actors can no doubt recite their lines by heart. A US president complains about Airbus subsidies.
Ben Curtis came out of nowhere to win the 2003 British Open, one of the biggest upsets ever in a major championship. Almost immediately, nowhere found him again.
Champions Arsenal remain at the top of the Premier League with two-point lead after a 1-0 victory at Manchester City after title rivals Chelsea beat Middlesbrough 1-0 on Saturday.
Seattle Mariners outfielder Ichiro Suzuki moved within seven hits of the major-league record for a season in last night #39;s 5-4 loss at Texas.
When Purdue quarterback Kyle Orton called an audible on third-and-8, receiver Taylor Stubblefield had a better idea. He yelled at Orton, who got the message 
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today headed for Geneva on way back home wrapping up a  #39;highly successful #39; visit to Britain and the US.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia -- A Malaysian woman has claimed a new world record after living with over 6,000 scorpions for 36 days straight.
Braylon Edwards sat slump-shouldered on the Michigan bench, not speaking a word. Chad Henne sat on another bench, staring straight ahead.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia A Malaysian woman has claimed a new world record after living with over six-thousand scorpions for 36 days straight.
Two members of a British Muslim group are beginning efforts in Iraq to secure the freedom of Ken Bigley.
As the election approaches, Congress abandons all pretense of fiscal responsibility, voting tax cuts that would drive 10-year deficits past \$3 trillion.
Hackers are close to finding a way to spread harmful computer viruses just by getting people to open an e-mail message or visiting an infected Web site, computer security experts warned yesterday.
ROME : A retired Italian teacher has found a new home after offering after-school help for a family with kids in exchange for some human warmth and affection, a newspaper reported here.
An Israeli helicopter fired two missiles into a metal workshop in the Gaza Strip refugee camp of Khan Yunis early Sunday, slightly injuring two people, witnesses and medical workers said.
AFP - United Nations inspectors left after a week-long investigation into South Korea's past secret experiments with potential ingredients for nuclear bombs, officials said.
Tony Alvarez, co-founder of turnaround firm Alvarez  amp; Marsal, landed in Kansas City on Monday. On Tuesday, the board of Interstate Bakeries Corp.
By Sergio Zyman. The guy who managed the introduction of New Coke now assesses it as  quot;a classic example of lazy business growth strategy.
Crude oil prices neared US\$49 per barrel Friday as Gulf of Mexico crude production rebounded at a slower pace than analysts had expected.
Rubens Barrichello led the first-ever Formula One race lap in China after a swift getaway from the grid at the Shanghai International Circuit.
Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish won their singles matches Friday to give the United States a 2-0 lead over Belarus in the Davis Cup semifinals.
It was pitch-black out on the field when this match came to its sensational climax at 6.36pm with an astonishing West Indies victory by two wickets.
US Marines fired artillery rounds at militants in this Sunni insurgent stronghold west of Baghdad on Friday, the military and witnesses said.
Sudan says it has foiled a plot by the main opposition party to kill senior government officials and blow up key sites in the capital, Khartoum.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell said Friday the United States would provide financial assistance to African Union troops on a proposed mission to end the looting and killing in western Sudan.
T #39;S often forgotten that President Ronald Reagan signed a bill to raise taxes in the early 1980 #39;s after first cutting them.
Opposition Leader Mark Latham shrugged off the results of a new poll which showed the coalition would have easily won an election this weekend.
Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. plans to invest 25 trillion won (US\$24 billion) in building new semiconductor production lines by 2010, the company said Monday.
Electric companies fear that Hurricane Jeanne could leave millions of customers without power, some for three weeks or more. Jeanne was expected to deliver another major dose 
RAND report examines attack scenarios. One suggestion is eliminating long ticket lines in terminal lobbies. By Ian Gregor and David Zahniser.
Cozy nights around the campfire interrupted by someone yammering away about business. The solitude of dawn broken by a tinny ring.
Canon has claimed that its newly released 16.7megapixel digital camera is first to be able to deliver picture quality that matches top-range professional medium format film cameras.
Bob and Mike Bryan could not stick around at Family Circle Tennis Stadium on Friday night to watch US Davis Cup teammates Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish win their matches against Belarus.
Inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) left here Sunday after concluding a week-long investigation into South Korea #39;s past controversial nuclear experiments.
At the head of the class, Rosabeth Moss Kanter is an intellectual whirlwind: loud, expansive, in constant motion.
A founding father of molecular biology and a surgeon who developed the standard operation for removing cataracts are among the winners of this year's Lasker awards for medical research.
Where might you find the origins of life in the universe? Astrobiologists are looking everywhere, including, someday, beneath the surface of one of Jupiter's moons.
Does the First Amendment protect scientific research? If so, the debate over cloning will have to begin all over again.
The spread of pollen or seeds from genetically engineered plants is evolving from an abstract scientific worry into a significant practical problem.
 quot;Why take risk to achieve an average return? quot; So asks reader RD of Houston. He wants what all of us want - superior performance.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have long been synonymous with home ownership. Now those names are also disconcertingly associated with corporate wrongdoing.
This summer, the grower-owners of Ocean Spray voted to remain independent. Now, the cooperative is pushing a plan of attack to survive against much bigger rivals.
Defending champion Arsenal stretched its unbeaten record in the English Premier League to 47 games, winning 1-0 at Manchester City yesterday on a rare goal by fullback Ashley Cole.
Lauren Jackson scored 14 points to lead the visiting Seattle Storm over the Minnesota Lynx 70-58 Saturday, marking the Storm #39;s first playoff win in franchise history.
Before Shugofa Beheshti decides who to vote for in Afghanistan #39;s October 9 presidential election, she wants to hear what the candidates have to say.
Everyone in Seattle knows about the many story lines surrounding any game between the Seahawks and Green Bay Packers. But with those teams not scheduled to play this season, the big reunion 
Fifty thousand are dead, thousands more will die, and more than 1 million have lost their homes. Simon Robinson visits Darfur and witnesses what is happening while the world dithers.
A US soldier was killed yesterday by a homemade bomb and four US Marines died Friday in three separate incidents, the military announced yesterday.
Building sea defences could increase the risk of flooding in coastal areas of England and Wales, a report claims.
Brazilian driver Rubens Barrichello powers his Ferrari on the first turn as he leads the pack in the first ever Chinese F1 Grand Prix at Shanghai International Circuit Sunday Sept.
MANCHESTER, England - Kevin Keegan is tipping Arsenal to break their European hoodoo this season by lifting the Champions League in Istanbul next May.
MINNEAPOLIS - Black strips of electrical tape adorned players #39; wrists, forearms and jerseys. Lauren Jackson wore hers around her left biceps.
London: In a pulsating finish played in poor light, West Indies lifted the ICC Champions Trophy defeating England by two wickets with seven balls remaining at the Oval on Saturday.
Japan and North Korea held a second day of talks Sunday in a dispute over Japanese nationals abducted by the North decades ago. Japan seized the occasion to express concern North 
Think circa 2002. Scraping for runs. Solid pitching. Aggressive base running. Coming from behind. Francisco Rodriguez and Troy Percival closing it down.
KANDAHAR, Afghanistan Afghan officials say an alleged senior Taliban commander and two fighters have been killed in a raid on a village home in southern Afghanistan.
The US Supreme Court has agreed to review an appeals court ruling that opens up cable networks to competing Internet service providers (ISPs).
MOSCOW -- Russia trained Shamil Basayev to fight fires, but he has made a career igniting them.
Crew members may have to abandon the international space station late this year if astronauts can #39;t fix already weeks-old oxygen supply problems, a NASA official said Friday.
Rubens Barrichello claimed the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday, with Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher finishing a hard-luck weekend in 12th place, more than a lap behind.
Vijay Singh is making the game look easy by winning tournament after tournament, and millions upon millions of dollars, while chasing Tiger Woods #39; season money record.
Arizona at Atlanta, 11 am Philadelphia at Detroit, 11 am Cleveland at NY Giants, 11 am Houston at Kansas City, 11 am New Orleans at St.
Ask Jeeves overhauls its website, results system and mascot, as search becomes increasingly competitive.
AP - Floodwaters from upstream India have swamped some 80 villages in southwestern Bangladesh, marooning at least 65,000 people, officials said Sunday.
Great Britain lose the doubles to fall 2-1 behind in their Davis Cup tie in Austria.
The first and only time Bruce Worthman learned his credit score was when he was interested in buying a home in East Meadow in 2002.
Eight conservation groups are fighting the US government over a plan to poison thousands of prairie dogs in the grasslands of South Dakota, saying wildlife should not take a backseat to ranching interests.
Former world number one Andre Agassi will carry on playing professional tennis for at least another year, says his wife Steffi Graf.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon today said he has ordered the army to step up its war on Palestinian militants ahead of a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.
No frothy champagne showers. No celebratory sprints to the Baseball Tavern. No grateful hugs from principal owner John W. Henry.
Here's my description of the ideal big league backup catcher: he is smart, incredibly disciplined, extremely hard-working, a total team guy and he hits for power .
South Bend, Ind.- The bags under the eyes that hung heavy and seemed to age Notre Dame coach Ty Willingham beyond his years are gone.
A two-man delegation from Britain #39;s biggest Muslim group arrived in Iraq yesterday on a quest to free British hostage Kenneth Bigley, seized by Islamic militants Sept.
A Task Force Danger soldier was sentenced to 25 years of confinement for the murder of an Iraqi National Guard soldier, according to the US military.
To say there #39;s no cause for worry about the upcoming national elections in Iraq is like saying winter blizzards will never arrive in Chicago.
High noon in Texas: the agriculture chief is making a stand against junk food. Can she win?
According to wire reports, Sony has finally decided to support MP3s in some of its future digital music players. Hey, better super-duper late than never.
Two members of the Muslim Council of Britain are in Iraq planning to meet Muslim leaders in Baghdad in an attempt to seek the release of the British hostage Ken Bigley.
STORM 70, LYNX 58: At Minneapolis - Lauren Jackson scored 14 points to lead Seattle past Minnesota on Saturday in the first game of their Western Conference semifinal series.
Reuters - An official from the Palestinian\militant group Hamas was killed on Sunday when a bomb exploded\in his car in Damascus, Hamas spokesmen and witnesses said.
AFP - Great Britain's chances of qualifying for the World Group of the Davis Cup were evaporating rapidly after Austria moved into a 2-1 lead following the doubles.
Palestinian militant group Hamas blames Israel as a car bomb in the Syrian capital Damascus kills one of its leaders.
LA CROSSE, Wis. - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida...
eventually -ot established between India and Pakistan via a one-on-one meeting on the soils of the United States between President Musharraf and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
Jim Tracy and the Los Angeles Dodgers would not allow Barry Bonds to beat them on Friday night, even to the chagrin of Eric Gagne.
The Franchise Tax Board has started its annual sweep of California taxpayers who file returns as a head of household, but may not be one.
US aircraft carried out a third set of air strikes on Fallujah, reportedly targeting a meeting of suspected loyal activist to Abu Musab al Zarqawi.
Fidelity Investments recently slashed fees on several of its index funds, knocking their annual expense ratio from 0.19 to 0.10 percent.
Thoroughbred race horses are riding high as purse money grows along with television audiences for the sport made even more popular by Hollywood movies such as  quot;Seabiscuit.
LONDON: British police said they had arrested four men under anti-terrorism legislation as the suspects tried to buy explosives for a dirty bomb.
A rocket has landed in a busy street in central Baghdad, killing at least one person and wounding several others, witnesses said. A loud boom echoed across the city as the rocket struck 
 quot;Resuming uranium enrichment is not in our agenda. We are still committed to the suspension, quot; Foreign Ministry spokesman Hamid Reza.
The Columbus Crew extended their unbeaten streak to an MLS record 14 games in a season with a 1-0 win over visiting DC United last night.
The head of the International Monetary Fund says the world economy is at its strongest point for five years.
Troubled airline US Airways asks a court to impose wage cuts of up to 23, warning it may go into liquidation.
THE peak summer travel season traditionally gives the US airlines a revenue lift, but this year struggling carriers will be glad to see the back of the third quarter.
For four years, the Florida State Seminoles have attempted to groom Chris Rix into a Heisman candidate, national championshipcaliber quarterback.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Television junkies of the world, get  ready for "Friends," "Big Brother" and "The Simpsons" to phone  home.
Scientists meet  this week to decide if Montserrat's Soufrire Hills Volcano still poses a major threat to the island's inhabitants.
A growing steroid scandal has entangled the sport's biggest star, and now Washington wants reform
MARIETTA, Ga. - About 800 friends and family members gathered Saturday to remember Jack Hensley, who was executed by terrorists in Iraq after his Sept...
MARIETTA, Ga. - About 800 friends and family members gathered Saturday to remember Jack Hensley, who was executed by terrorists in Iraq after his Sept...
WEST INDIES thrilling victory yesterday in the International Cricket Council Champions Trophy meant the world to the five million people of the Caribbean.
Josh Cummings kicked a 37-yard field goal in overtime and host Pittsburgh needed 21 points in the fourth quarter yesterday to beat Division 1-AA Furman, 41-38.
Brown University coach Phil Estes was feeling uncomfortable yesterday despite his team's 21-point lead over Harvard in their Ivy League opener.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- Wyatt Sexton became an instant hit with Florida State fans and left coach Bobby Bowden with a decision.
Marvin Burroughs and Terry Butler each scored touchdowns and Villanova held off a late Penn rally last night to defeat the Quakers, 16-13, in Philadelphia.
Vijay Singh is making it look easy by winning tournament after tournament, and millions upon millions of dollars, while chasing Tiger Woods's record for earnings in a season.
Using a three-stop strategy, Ferraris Brazilian number two won the Chinese Grand Prix while Fernando Alonso finished fourth.
Rudi Voeller offered to resign as coach of first division club AS Roma after just 26 days in charge following a 3-1 defeat by nine-man Bologna on Saturday.
(Sports Network) - Ryan Drese attempts win No. 15 this afternoon when the Texas Rangers conclude their three-game set with the Seattle Mariners at Ameriquest Field.
Islamabad - Pakistan has assured India Pakistani forces will not seize a disputed glacier high in the Himalayas if Indian troops were to withdraw from it, a Pakistani newspaper said on Sunday.
A car explosion in Damascus killed a Hamas militant and injured three others Sunday morning, the official SANA news agency confirmed.
A Frenchman working for Thales SA, Europe #39;s biggest maker of military electronics, was shot dead while driving home at night in the Saudi Arabian city of Jeddah.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai, frontrunner in next month #39;s landmark election, traveled north on Sunday to inaugurate a road project, his first domestic 
Chicago Tribune - House Republican leaders introduced legislation Friday that grafts broadened police powers onto a plan to reform the nation's intelligence gathering agencies.
Gold medals in equestrian and archery give Britain the perfect start on day nine.
Iraq war blogs are as varied as the soldiers who write them. Some sites feature practical news, war pictures and advice...
(Sports Network) - The New York Yankees try to move one step closer to a division title when they conclude their critical series with the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park.
Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf Sunday termed his New York summit meeting with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh a  quot;gain for peace quot;.
Got a traffic ticket? Can't beat 'em? Join 'em by investing in the company that processes those tickets.
It has emerged that Sonys new portable handheld gaming device - the PSP will also support MP3 formatted tracks alongside Sonys properitory format ATRAC.
The Palestinian militant group Hamas has threatened revenge for the killing of a Hamas operative in Damascus. Hamas accuses Israel of the assassination.
Tim Henman finally found form to drag Britain level at 2-2 in their Davis Cup World Group playoff in Austria on Sunday with just one singles match at Portschach remaining.
A senior Taliban military leader has been killed in southern Uruzgan province, Afghan top security official confirmed Sunday.  quot;Mullah Abdul Ghafar along with his two colleagues 
The boy named by Beijing as the 11th Panchen Lama praises the Communist Party in his first interview.
AUSTRALIA #39;S involvement in Iraq and terrorism strikes in Southeast Asia have made defence and national security potentially decisive issues for voters as polling day nears.
Description: NPR #39;s Jennifer Ludden talks with Colin Brown, deputy political editor of Britain #39;s newspaper The Independent, about the upcoming Labour Party Conference in Brighton.
Arsenal has retained its two-point lead at the top of the English Premier League on a day when, of the 16 teams in action, only Liverpool and Newcastle United scored more than once.
Two aircraft are flying out from the UK on Sunday to deliver vital aid and supplies to Haiti, which has been devastated by tropical storm Jeanne.
Reuters - A bomb alert prompted a Greek Olympic\passenger airliner to make an emergency landing at London's\Stansted Airport on Sunday, an airport spokesman said.
Swiss voters appear to have rejected proposals to relax the country's strict  naturalisation laws.
Germany's drive for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council threatens EU unity, Italy's foreign minister says.
Beyond the tired cliches and sperm-and-egg basics taught in grade school science class, researchers are discovering that men and women are even more different than anyone realized.
Emissions of sulfur dioxide, which causes acid rain, rose 4 percent in 2003, but probably will not compromise long-term air quality goals, the government reported Wednesday.
Police say they are holding four men under anti-terrorism legislation after a tip-off from a newspaper, which said the suspects tried to buy explosives for a dirty bomb.
JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has ordered the army to step up its war on Palestinian militants before a planned withdrawal from Gaza Strip.
If youve got better things to do than pour over the finer points of your stock portfolio and you dont care to study the performance records and investing styles of mutual 
A bomb alert prompted a Greek Olympic passenger airliner to make an emergency landing at London #39;s Stansted Airport on Sunday, an airport spokesman said.
Rubens Barrichello clinched second place in Formula One on Sunday when he won the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix by edging Jenson Button by about a second.
GAZA, Gaza Strip - The Palestinian militant group Hamas threatened today to target Israelis abroad after blaming Israel for the killing of a Hamas official in Syria.
It was the second such killing this month by suspected al-Qaeda militants, who are trying to drive Westerners out and destabilise the global oil superpower.
26 September 2004-- Iran says it is not planning to negotiate with the United States over its nuclear program, choosing instead to invite Europe to the discussion table.
COLES Myer chief executive John Fletcher wants to expand the retail giant #39;s customer offering to include financial planning services.
England will go into their winter break with Marcus Trescothick predicting their one-day line-up can bounce back from the heartbreak of their ICC Champions Trophy final defeat.
Not even an incoming storm can keep NASA #39;s accountants from doing their job, thanks to the space agency #39;s financial management system.
Australian Prime Minister John Howard has launched his campaign for next month #39;s election, promising to keep Australian troops in Iraq as long as necessary and to increase government spending on education.
President Vladimir Putin has taken advantage of the political climate following the tragic school hostage taking in Beslan earlier this month to accelerate his longstanding political course toward increased authoritarianism.
A bomb threat forced a passenger plane to divert to a London airport under military escort for an emergency landing today. The Olympic Airways flight 
Hurricane Jeanne forced the Miami Dolphins and Pittsburgh Steelers to move their game to prime time today. The teams and the league agreed to move the starting time from 1 
An Israeli television station has reported that Israel was behind the car bombing that killed a senior member of the Hamas group in Damascus this morning.
The killing of a Palestinian resistance activist in Syria on Sunday bears all the hallmarks of an Israeli hit. Tel Aviv has yet to claim responsibility for the assassination of Izz 
Lufthansa had to cancel about 60 European flights, and its services around the world were delayed following a computer fault in its check-in system on Thursday, the German airline said.
Pakistan #39;s President has hailed his first face-to-face meeting with India #39;s Prime Minister, saying it will help normalize Indo-Pakistani relations.
AP - Some things to look for in the upcoming presidential debates between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry:
Police in the southern Indian state of Kerala detain 15 people over attacks on nuns and priests.
The National Hurricane Center said that Jeanne was slightly calmer, but still packing a wallop for storm-weary Floridians.
The introduction of children to the genre was probably inevitable. But the networks seem to understand that they are in dicey ethical territory.
Parliament voted overwhelmingly Sunday to approve penal code reforms aimed at boosting Turkey's chances of starting membership talks with the European Union.
AP - Roberto Heras of Spain won his second straight Spanish Vuelta, one of cycling's top races.
BRITISH military jets today escorted an Olympic Airlines aircraft en route from Athens to New York to Stansted airport near London after a bomb alert, defence ministry and airline officials said.
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over Japanese citizens abducted by North Korea decades ago ended Sunday with no progress, Japanese officials said.
Coles Myer chief executive officer John Fletcher won #39;t confirm a report that his company is considering an alliance with the Australian Leisure and Hospitality Group.
BERLIN : German flag carrier Lufthansa plans to boost by 50 percent its flights to China by 2007, company chairman Wolfgang Mayrhuber said.
A bomb threat has prompted a Greek Olympic Airlines passenger plane to make an emergency landing, escorted by British Tornado jets, at Stansted Airport.
The top-seeded American rallied from one-set down to defeat US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova to capture the inaugural China Open.
The Wolverines led the nation in interceptions and turnovers forced entering yesterday #39;s Big Ten opener against Iowa, and they didn #39;t do anything to hurt their ranking.
A Greek plane has landed safely atStansted Airport, north of London, after a bomb alert forced it tomake a diversion, the BBC reports on Sunday.
Labour delegates have forced a debate and vote on Britain #39;s role in Iraq hours after Tony Blair said he would not apologise for the war.
Police may have killed a suspected top al Qaida operative today in a four-hour gun battle at a house in southern Pakistan that also led to the arrest of two other men.
US authorities in Iraq have arrested a man chosen to lead Iraq #39;s National Guard in one of the country #39;s most troubled and violent provinces.
Britain will provide more debt relief for the world #39;s poorest countries and challenge other rich countries to do the same, Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government said Sunday.
Despite record federal deficits, the Bush administration has benefited from historically low interest payments, but as rates continue to rise, the era of cheap debt service may be over.
Up to four fully-armed RAF fighter planes are likely to have escorted Olympic Airways flight 411 into Stansted today, with orders to shoot it from the skies if it threatened the capital.
A French technician who worked on Saudi naval contracts was shot and killed early Sunday in western Saudi Arabia in what his company said may have been a random shooting.
Pakistan #39;s security agencies shot and killed a militant wanted for masterminding an assassination attempt on President Pervez Musharraf last year, intelligence officials said on Sunday.
Trouble-torn Real Madrid slumped to their second defeat in three Primera Liga games when they lost 2-1 to a classy Athletic Bilbao side on Saturday.
Sebastien Bourdais and Bruno Junquiera spent much of the weekend together, eating and hanging out in the garage areas their Newman-Haas teams share.
Stansted airport is the designated emergency landing ground for planes in British airspace hit by in-flight security alerts. Emergency services at Stansted have successfully dealt 
Forget a Global Positioning System or even a map. The Earth #39;s own original satellite is the most important guide for two hikers making the first known 
AP - Henrik Stenson of Sweden shot a 6-under-par 66 Sunday to win The Heritage by four strokes over Carlos Rodiles of Spain.
AP - Tennessee Titans free safety Lance Schulters hurt his left foot Sunday against the Jacksonville Jaguars and was taken to the locker room. His return was questionable.
Hurricane Jeanne has the potential to be the most expensive storm to hit the United States in a year of expensive storms. Risk Management Solutions 
MADRID, Spain -- Roberto Heras became only the second rider to claim three Tour of Spain titles when he held off a charging Santiago Perez in the final stage Sunday.
A bomb threat prompted a Greek Olympic Airlines passenger plane to make an emergency landing, escorted by British Tornado jets, at London #39;s Stansted Airport on Sunday.
It happens to nearly every team in its quest for a national title. In happened to USC on Saturday when the Trojans had to come from behind to beat Stanford 31-28.
The waiting and wondering continued Sunday about the fate of British hostage, Kenneth Bigley, although one Muslim activist says he is still alive.
AP - Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair bruised his sternum on a 2-point conversion late in the fourth quarter of Tennessee's 15-12 loss to Jacksonville.
AP - San Francisco 49ers receiver Brandon Lloyd was inactive for Sunday's game at Seattle because of a strained groin.
AP - First-base umpire Ed Montague left Sunday's game between the Seattle Mariners and Texas Rangers before the start of the fifth inning because of an elevated blood pressure.
These Baltimore Orioles have suddenly turned into heart-stoppers. After four breathtaking games against playoff contender Boston this week, the Orioles appeared 
An ex-Merrill Lynch banker testified Thursday that she #39;s kept a facsimile about an Enron deal for more than four years because she thought something was amiss.
First-base umpire Ed Montague left Sunday #39;s game between the Seattle Mariners and Texas Rangers before the start of the fifth inning because of an elevated blood pressure.
Veteran Davis Cup player Todd Woodbridge says the introduction of synthetic grass courts has been a  quot;cancer quot; on Australian tennis.
The West Indies are back. And I say this not because of their triumph on Saturday but I base it on the way they fought tooth and nail to pull off the incredible victory.
They #39;ve allowed just 19 points in their 4-0 start, making up for the loss of star tailback Anthony Davis to an eye injury for the last 3 games.
_ Jamal Lewis ran for 186 yards as Baltimore dumped Cincinnati 23-to-9. He had a 75-yard touchdown sprint that clinched win win for the 2-and-1 Ravens.
Code that exploits a weakness in the way many Microsoft applications process JPEG images has been published on the internet. Microsoft only discovered the security flaw, which could allow software viewing 
Police were tonight preparing to search a Greek airliner which was forced to divert to a London airport for an emergency landing following a bomb threat.
The first US presidential debate this week and a load of data on consumer spending will settle some questions that have been hanging over US stocks, and equity strategists 
The last time the Jacksonville Jaguars were facing a goal-to-go situation at Nashville Coliseum with time winding down, they went away disappointed.
Joe Torre and Mel Stottlemyre have an interesting week ahead of them, as they try to sort out the Yankees #39; starting rotation for the postseason.
The global economy is healthy and no major financial crises loom. Yet finance ministers meeting this week must confront uncertainties about the fight against terrorism, rising interest rates and volatile oil prices.
When Tigers manager Alan Trammell described his bullpen #39;s recent struggles on Friday, he compared it to an offense being in a slump.
The silence of Prime Minister Tony Blair is the kiss of death for British hostage Ken Bigley, his brother claimed tonight. Paul Bigley, who dramatically 
Britain will provide more debt relief for the world #39;s poorest countries and challenge other rich governments to do the same, Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government said Sunday.
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Lawyer calls for urgent domain dispute reform
The computer error was fixed after a six-hour outage and services were expected to return to normal by the evening, Lufthansa said.
Donovan McNabb threw for 356 yards and two touchdowns and ran for another to lead the Philadelphia Eagles to a 30-13 win over Detroit.
BEIJING Japanese negotiators expressed  quot;serious concern quot; Sunday about North Korea #39;s missile program, a Japanese diplomat said.
Ryan Newman left misfortune behind and ran away from the field, while four-time series champion Jeff Gordon took the NASCAR Nextel Cup points lead Sunday at Dover International Speedway.
LONDON West Indies has won the Champions Trophy, international one-day cricket #39;s second-most important title, beating England by two wickets at The Oval here.
Police holding four men arrested on suspicion of a terrorist plot to buy radioactive material have been given more time to question them.
The UN refugee chief calls on all sides in Darfur to "sort things out", amid reports of militia movements in the area.
Anti-terrorist police were granted a further five days yesterday to question four men arrested after a Sunday newspaper claimed they were plotting to detonate a chemical bomb in Britain or the US.
AP - Anna Acker-Macosko shot an 11-under 60 on Sunday at the Longs Drugs Challenge, one stroke off Annika Sorenstam's tour record.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Philadelphia Eagles thumped the  Detroit Lions 30-13 in a clash of two previously unbeaten teams  in the NFL on Sunday.
U.S.C. received 46 first-place votes in The Associated Press poll released Sunday, eight fewer than last week.
After two subpar efforts, Jamal Lewis finds his stride Sunday, running for 186 yards, including a 75-yard touchdown that clinches a 23-9 victory over the Bengals.
AP - As Philadelphia prepares to install monitoring cameras at some city intersections, officials say they're not worried about studies that suggest the surveillance may lead to more accidents.
Ziff Davis - If Google releases a browser, will Microsoft do an about-face and deliver a new standalone version of Internet Explorer?
MEMPHIS (Tennessee): Jamaican-born Glen Johnson knocked out American Roy Jones junior in the ninth round on Saturday to retain his International Boxing Federation light heavyweight title.
The England camp will no doubt feel depressed that their splendid season should have ended on a dispiriting note with their narrow defeat by the West Indies at The Oval.
MADRID - Just when they thought things would change for the better, Real Madrid slipped back into the mire of possibly a disastrous Spanish Primera Liga season.
North Korea on Sunday accused Japan of using anti-terrorism moves as an excuse for militarism which put the Korean peninsula at risk of invasion.
BAGHDAD: At least 23 people were killed in Iraq overnight and on Sunday as US Secretary for State Colin Powell acknowledged that organising elections throughout the country in January could be difficult.
LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has seen his ruling Labour Party slip to third place in a newspaper poll on the eve of its annual conference.
Curt Schilling allows one hit in seven innings and Boston batters Kevin Brown in his return from a broken hand, beating the Yankees 11-4.
between results and annual meetings - the NZX is keeping investors interested with a small flurry of listings over the week ahead.
A superb second-half performance by Andriy Shevchenko saw champions AC Milan kickstart their season with a 2-1 win in Rome against Lazio tonight.
A senior North Korean official denied reports that the secretive communist state was preparing a missile launch, saying they were pure speculation, Japan #39;s Kyodo news agency reported today.
SCOTTISH Premier League leaders Rangers have nine players out of action for Sunday #39;s clash against Inverness Caledonian Thistle at Pittodrie.
Swiss authorities have hailed as a success what they said was the world #39;s first binding internet vote in a national referendum.
With the presidential election less than six weeks away, activists and security experts are ratcheting up concern over the use of touch-screen machines to cast votes.
ROME: Rudi Voller (pic) quit as coach of Roma after just four league matches following their 3-1 defeat away to Bologna on Saturday.
Having lost four of the last five Ryder Cups, an even bigger worry for American golf should be that they have lost the last three Walker Cups.
AP - With terrorism the new global threat, a network of radio antennas that let the Navy maintain secure communications with submarines at sea has become yet another Cold War relic.
AP - Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards said Sunday a Kerry-Edwards administration would show no mercy to terrorists.
In life, there are certain things that are beyond indispensable. Like brake lights, hot showers, birthday candles and second chances.
The channel may benefit from controversial European Union (EU) proposals to increase import tax duty on TFT monitors, according to resellers.
Microsoft Corp would share the underlying software code for its Office programme as part of its efforts to make governments more confident in the security and compatibility of the worlds largest software makers products.
VeriSign and a children #39;s safety group unveiled a new technology on Thursday that they said would make it easier for children to avoid child predators online.
FARMINGTON, United States : Vijay Singh shot a three-under par 69 to win the 4.2 million dollar PGA event and capture his eighth title of 2004.
Jake Plummer hit on 25-of-36 passes for 294 yards and two touchdowns Sunday to lead the Denver Broncos to a 23-13 win over the San Diego Chargers.
BRIGHTON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair dismissed talk of resignation and vowed a strong agenda for the future as his ruling Labour Party #39;s annual convention opened yesterday.
Saudi security forces, battling a wave of al Qaeda attacks in the world #39;s biggest oil exporter, clashed with suspected militants in the capital Riyadh on Sunday.
A lackluster Real Madrid lost further ground to Barcelona at the top of the table after they were held to a 0-0 draw at Villarreal in the Primera Liga on Sunday.
A gene could explain how parasites which cause malaria escape the action of some antimalaria drugs, say researchers.
Bruce Wasserstein, the big, brash Wall Street deal maker, is hatching a plan to take Lazard public.
The New York Film Festival, thirty-eight years in the running, continues to command respect as a showcase for eminent filmmakers and up-and-coming masters.
Americas biggest corporations are increas- ingly funneling profits earned in the United States to tax havens around the globe, accord- ing to a new study.
The union of Cingular and AT T Wireless would create the nation's largest cellular company. How smoothly will it go?
A judge rules against Bernie Ecclestone in a legal dispute which challenged the businessman's control of the firm behind Formula One racing
AP - Even without Deuce McAllister, the New Orleans Saints' running game is in good hands.
Telstra Corp has announced a \$750 million off-market share buy-back as part of its capital management program. Telstra expects to return \$1.
David Blunkett defends himself over revelations on his private life, saying he is not saying one thing and doing another.
The Cubs fall behind early and lose their second straight game to the lowly Mets 3-2, putting a dent in their playoff chances.
In the Eastern Conference's cellar for much of the season, the Mystics could lock up a trip to the conference championship with a victory over the Sun Monday.
The Cisco-Fujitsu alliance will benefit from Cisco #39;s leadership in IP technology and Fujitsu #39;s edge in networking products.
AP - Idaho residents who believe Cold War nuclear testing harmed their health will testify before a National Academy of Sciences panel to say they should be included in a federal compensation program.
Farmington, PA (Sports Network) - Vijay Singh carded a three-under 69 on Sunday to hang on for the title at the 84 Lumber Classic.
In the end, the winner was a man behind the wheels of a Ferrari, just not the Ferrari driver whom tens of thousands of Chinese had come to see.
Resurgent oil prices paused for breath as the United States prepared to draw on its emergency reserves to ease supply strains caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Telstra today announced the price range for its \$750 million off-market buyback, which was part of its capital management program.
India's Supreme Court orders a key Muslim witness to explain why she changed statements in a Gujarat riot case.
At Manchester City, their enduring sense of optimism creeps up on you like the rain clouds that sweep east over the city and settle over the stadium on matchdays.
World number one golfer Vijay Singh of Fiji has captured his eighth PGA Tour event of the year with a win at the 84 Lumber Classic in Farmington, Pennsylvania.
A jet bound for New York made an emergency landing at Stansted airport yesterday after repeated warnings that a bomb was on board.
The brother of Kenneth Bigley last night claimed that Tony Blair #39;s inaction could cost the British hostage his life. Paul Bigley, who cited new information 
The Renault F1 Team is excited to announce the launch of a collection of luxury jewellery, in collaboration with designer Mary Kaczor: Bijoux Racing.
TOKYO - Stocks opened slightly lower Monday on the Tokyo Stock Exchange as declines in US technology shares last Friday prompted selling.
EBay announced Thursday that it will keep its Half.com subsidiary open indefinitely, scrapping previous plans to shutter the e-commerce site in mid-October.
On a day when the Denver Broncos honored the greatest quarterback in franchise history - John Elway received his ring from the Pro Football Hall of Fame during a halftime ceremony -he 
Reuters - Tennessee Titans\quarterback Steve McNair suffered a bruised sternum late in the\fourth quarter of Sunday's game against Jacksonville.
Gordon Brown will make an appeal today to traditional Labour values, calling on rank and file to build a  quot;progressive consensus quot; for the 21st century.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Philadelphia Eagles thumped the  Detroit Lions 30-13 Sunday in a clash of two previously  unbeaten teams.
Al Leiter provided a settling influence and Kerry Wood struggled with his control, yielding three first-inning runs.
Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian said Sunday a controversial arms deal was part of the government #39;s attempts to deter any attempt by rival China to invade the island.
The German offered his resignation immediately after Saturday #39;s 3-1 defeat at Bologna, but was asked by director general Franco Baldini to reconsider.
Messina missed the chance to join Juventus on 10 points at the top of Italian soccer #39;s Serie A after drawing 0-0 at home with Chievo.
The Lions and Eagles entered Sunday #39;s game at Ford Field in the same place -- atop their respective divisions -- and with identical 2-0 records.
Germany #39;s Social Democrat chancellor, Gerhard Schrder, suffered a humiliating election defeat in the party #39;s traditional stronghold yesterday.
The Angels suspended outfielder Jose Guillen for the remainder of the season and the postseason, if they qualify, the team announced Sunday night.
He turned a grown man #39;s game into a day on the sandlot, straying from the confines of the playbook, fleeing trouble on the balls of his feet.
ARLINGTON, Texas - The Texas Rangers might not be in a must-win situation yet, but they #39;re hurting their playoff chances with each loss.
PARAMILITARY police killed a suspected top al Qaeda operative in a four-hour gun battle at a house in southern Pakistan yesterday.
Iran stressed Sunday its commitment to voluntary suspension of uranium enrichment, but warned against hauling Tehran to the UN Security Council for possible sanctions.
AP - A strengthening series of earthquakes at Mount St. Helens prompted seismologists Sunday to warn that the once-devastating volcano may see a small explosion soon.
AP - A bomb threat that mentioned Iraq forced a New York-bound Greek airliner to make an emergency landing Sunday at London's Stansted Airport escorted by military jets, authorities said.
AFP - The Australian government has defended its big-spending election promises as opponents and some economists claimed its new commitments would push up the very interest rates it is promising to hold back.
The intensity of advertisements broadcast this weekend signaled the importance that both sides attach to the debates.
Hurricane Jeanne caused at least five deaths, making landfall almost exactly where Frances did over Labor Day weekend.
BETHESDA, Md. - In the name of homeland security, America's spy imagery agency is keeping a close eye, close to home...
They beat the Minnesota Vikings in the 13th game of the 2001 season, guaranteeing the Lions would not be the NFL #39;s first 0-16 team.
AP - Miami Dolphins running back Lamar Gordon left Sunday's game against Pittsburgh in the first quarter with a left shoulder injury after a jarring tackle by safety Chris Hope.
There was Kevin Brown at his worst, Curt Schilling at his best and baseball's most bitter rivalry at its end - for now, anyway.
Iranian students interrupt a speech by President Khatami to mark Student Day at Tehran university.
Most of the credit offensively went to Kurt Warner, the man who delivered the ball and created team chemistry by the way he did it.
Joe Gibbs will meet his coaching nemesis, Bill Parcells, for the first time since 1990 on Monday when the Redskins play the rival Cowboys.
Alex Cora's second homer in two days provides the spark Los Angeles needs to beat San Francisco 7-4 and extend its lead to 2 1/2 games in the NL West.
The United States completes a 4-0 sweep over Belarus Sunday after Andy Roddick's win, and heads to Spain for the Davis Cup finals.
Improvement is both the hope and expectation as Maryland enters a bye week before facing a series of dangerous ACC teams.
Ryan Newman resuscitates his fragile title hopes by winning the MBNA America 400 on another day of dizzying scoreboard watching.
What would Benjamin Franklin say? Philadelphia plans citywide free Wi-Fi Internet access for computer users.
PalmSource is set to announce its first operat- ing system for smart phones, with applications typically found on desktop computers.
Virgin is the first major music retailer to enter the download market in introducing a music store to sell music as streams of bits to be downloaded from the Internet.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Anaheim Angels suspended outfielder Jose Guillen for the rest of the season without pay Sunday following an outburst during a game the previous night.
Serbian President Boris Tadic says sorry for crimes committed in the name of the Serb people in Bosnia.
Serena Williams of US holds the championship trophy after defeating Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia in the inaugural China Open women #39;s final September 26, 2004, in Beijing.
The UK government launches a 10m multi-media advertising campaign to encourage the British public to recycle their waste.
Twenty months after the Columbia tragedy, NASA is still struggling to overcome serious engineering hurdles to resume flying its space shuttles in March, a task that has become even tougher 
Printer and PC maker Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will stop offering desktop workstations based on Intel Corp.
Kim made a charge on the back nine Sunday, shooting a 6-under 65 at the Longs Drugs Challenge for a one-shot victory over Karrie Webb.
Internazionale striker Christian Vieri was booed out of the San Siro on Sunday as his team twice came from behind to snatch a point.
Syria did not interfere in Lebanon #39;s recent presidential elections and has no interest in controlling its smaller neighbor, Syria #39;s foreign minister said Sunday.
About 300 Syrian soldiers in a convoy of trucks and armored vehicles returned home from Lebanon on Thursday, part of a wider redeployment of forces that the United States described as encouraging.
Telstra Corporation has announced details of its plan to invite all shareholders to participate in a \$750 milion off-market share buy-back.
AFP - South Korean Foreign Minister Ban Ki-Moon called at the United Nations for a swift resumption of talks aimed at convincing North Korea to shelve its nuclear weapons programme.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Philadelphia Eagles thumped the  Detroit Lions 30-13 Sunday in a clash of two previously  unbeaten teams.
Umpire Ed Montague was in good condition at a hospital after leaving Sunday's game between the Seattle Mariners and Texas Rangers because of high blood pressure.
Purchasers of IBM #39;s desktops and laptops were shocked to learn last week that IBM may be putting its PC business up on the auction block.
Israel has warned that a part of a hotly disputed religious site could collapse on top of thousands of Muslims during the upcoming Islamic holy month.
TELSTRA Corp Ltd #39;s share price was being impacted by uncertaintly about the election, chief financial officer John Stanhope said.
SINGAPORE : Asian share prices opened on a soft note on Monday as blue chips came under selling pressure amid growing worries over higher oil prices.
The third hurricane to hit NASA (news - web sites) #39;s spaceport in just over a month blew out more panels and left more gaping holes in the massive 
VIJAY Singh continued his extraordinary run with victory in the Pennsylvania Classic last night, completing his fifth PGA Tour win in six starts and breaking Tiger Woodss single-season earnings record.
POLICE were yesterday granted more time to question four men arrested on suspicion of terrorism following a tip off from a Sunday newspaper.
The Greek airliner forced to make an emergency landing at Stansted airport following a bomb threat has been given the all-clear by police today.
Independent probe might throw some top executives overboard.
Negotiator for D.C. hotel workers faces crucial test of his leadership.
Bruce Wasserstein, who runs Lazard, the private investment bank, is developing a plan to take the company public, according to executives.
China will strengthen ties with foreign partners to revitalize the economy in Northeast China and to further co-operation in Northeast Asia, a senior official said.
According to Swiss authorities, history was made Sunday when 2723 people in four communities in canton Geneva, Switzerland, voted online in a national federal referendum.
Months of legal woes and executive shuffling came to a resolution of sorts last week for Computer Associates. Federal prosecutors indicted former CEO Sanjay Kumar for back-dating contracts 
Growing up in blue-collar Fort Wayne, Ind., Linda Dillman once contemplated a career as a beautician. But she chose a different path.
For most of the first 54 minutes of Sunday #39;s game, Indianapolis Colts cornerback Jason David was definitely a marked man, a rookie fourth-round draft choice who could almost 
Jupiter, the king of planets in the solar system, drifted tens of millions of kilometres towards the sun in its youth, a new study suggests.
A New York-bound Greek passenger jet has been given the all-clear after it was forced to make an emergency landing at a London airport following a bomb threat, police say.
Ceremonies are planned near Agra, where the white marble monument to love was built in the 17th century as a tomb for emperor Shah Jahan #39;s most beloved wife.
China's Communist Party tells its members that  corruption could threaten its hold on power.
A Greek Olympic Airlines flight is allowed to fly again after a bomb threat diverted it to a British airport.
Gordon Brown will try to focus Labour conference on the economy, after delegates force a vote on Iraq.
The intensity of advertisements broadcast this weekend signaled the importance that both sides attach to the debates.
Medical advances are forcing more patients and families to confront ever more grueling choices about living and dying.
Pakistani paramilitary forces killed one of the most wanted militants in the country Sunday, a government official said. Amjad Hussain Farooqi was killed in an early morning raid 
US Airways faces a "high probability" of liquidation by mid-February if the temporary pay cuts it requested are not approved by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court.
Federal agencies have delayed a range of proposed regulations from food safety to corporate governance until after Election Day.
There are more signs that the shotgun marriage between NBC and Universal is anything but tranquil.
roundup Plus: Via brings PCI Express to AMD PCs...Rice lab makes nano parts less toxic...TV chip company gets \$19 million.
The Indianapolis Colts built a huge lead Sunday and then held on to beat the visiting Green Bay Packers, 45-31, in a battle between two of the strongest National Football League quarterbacks.
The hurricane-weary Miami Dolphins had their matchup against Pittsburgh moved back to a night game because of Hurricane Jeanne. But the Steelers also had reasons to be out 
Tony Blair has said his Labor party will not cave in despite poor poll ratings, backbench revolts, and protests over hunting and the Iraq war.
Angels left fielder Jose Guillen was suspended for the rest of the season Sunday because of his outburst after being lifted for a pinch runner a day earlier.
Two professors argue that seemingly innocuous reforms have caused a shift away from encouraging innovation in favor of exploiting patents largely for lawsuits.
AFP - The Indian cricket board has announced a long-awaited list of contracted players under a new system which starts from October 1.
Milan's world-famous opera house La Scala is re-opening on Tuesday after a three-year closure for renovation.
Lured by paychecks that are double or triple what they earned in the U.S., truckers are risking their lives - and occasionally losing them - working in Iraq.
China #39;s economy was expected to grow by about nine percent this year, a senior official with the State Development and Reform Commission was quoted as saying by the Beijing News on Saturday.
THE ITANIUM was never really important for the workstation market, Intel has said, causing us to choke over our salty porridge this morning.
After falling a game short of the Super Bowl the past three years, the Eagles seem to have the swagger and talent they #39;ve been missing.
The Steelers forces four turnovers, makes a key fourth-down stop and beats the hapless Miami Dolphins, 13-3, Sunday night.
Vijay Singh breaks the PGA Tour single-year money record Tiger Woods set in 2000, holding off a fast-finishing Stewart Cink to win the 84 Lumber Classic.
OAKLAND, Calif. - Tampa Bay Buccaneers coach Jon Gruden returned to Network Associates Coliseum on Sunday. The stadium is the place he first became a coach.
A shocking expose hit the Street last week about one of the best-loved, most all-American companies out there: Fannie Mae, the mortgage and financial services giant.
Australian oil producers #39; stocks such as Woodside Petroleum Ltd. rose after crude oil climbed to a record amid concern that hurricane damage in North America will disrupt supply.
Hurricane Jeanne knocked out power to 250,000 Brevard County customers, though about 45,000 had electricity restored by Sunday evening, company spokeswoman Kathy Scott said.
AP - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi reshuffled his Cabinet on Monday, in hopes of solidifying his power and boosting his ability to carry out reforms.
Pakistan says al-Qaeda suffers a major blow as the country's most wanted terror suspect is shot dead.
US forces are reported to have launched overnight air attacks in Baghdad's Sadr City suburb.
Vijay Singh leads from start to finish to win the 84 Lumber Classic  and eclipse Tiger Woods' season earnings record.
The trial of a man accused of murdering York backpacker Caroline Stuttle begins in Australia.
The Afghan president makes a rare visit to the north just two weeks before the country's first presidential elections.
Opec's president says oil supply is adequate as the price of US light, crude comes within 4 cents of its all-time record.
Shares in Contact Energy dumped 13c of their value after the firm #39;s independent directors urged minority holders to not accept the takeover offer by Australian firm Origin Energy.
Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group has become the latest company to throw its hat into the online music ring by launching the Virgin Digital service.
Israel assassinated a Palestinian militant with a car bomb that exploded after he started his vehicle yesterday. It was Israel #39;s first slaying of a Hamas member on Syrian 
AP - Steve McNair, the NFL's 2003 co-MVP, bruised his sternum Sunday and was admitted to the hospital for the night.
Manchester United says player transfers and a weaker performance on the pitch cut its full-year profits by nearly a third.
Just three weeks after the first strike, Jeanne on Saturday and Sunday tracked Frances across the state. It reopened some wounds and cut new ones, some of them deeper because of 
Sectors of the Internet world are still buzzing over the release of a Microsoft patent application that appears to claim rights to the underlying method proposed by companies to better determine 
Rubens Barrichello has sealed second place in the 2004 world drivers championship with an all-the-way success in the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai.
Haitians surrounded by the destruction of Hurricane Jeanne prayed for the 1,500 dead during church services yesterday and gave thanks 
The criticism from members of his own kibbutz marked the first sign of trouble for Yonatan Bassi. Then came the comparisons to Nazis and death threats.
Australia #39;s S amp;P/ASX 200 Index fell for a third day. Origin Energy Ltd. declined after New Zealand #39;s Contact Energy Ltd.
Savvy consumers should skip over the bold print for 0-percent introductory rates for credit cards and head straight to the penalty box.
Investors approved a merger between the three Deutsche property trusts to form a \$3 billion group, in one of the latest examples of consolidation in the listed property sector.
KUALA LUMPUR: Organisations around the world are not protecting their information sufficiently against increasingly more potent threats, a new survey by Ernst  amp; Young has found.
In Monday #39;s European papers, Swiss voters #39; rejection of proposals to loosen its tough citizenship rules is met with disappointment.
The global economy is healthy and no major financial crises loom. Yet finance ministers meeting this week must confront uncertainties about the fight against terrorism, rising interest rates and volatile oil prices.
Farmington, Pennsylvania - Vijay Singh shot a three-under par 69 to win the \$4.2m PGA event on Sunday and capture his eighth title of 2004.
Brett Favre and a sea of green spilled into town Sunday afternoon and made their presence known at the Indianapolis Colts home opener.
A New York fireman involved in the rescue effort following the September 11 attacks on the Twin Towers was among passengers on a plane diverted to London after a bomb alert.
A former inmate at the US prison camp at Guantnamo Bay, Cuba, who reportedly returned to Afghanistan to rejoin the Taliban as a key commander was killed in a raid by 
TURKEYS parliament met in emergency session yesterday to approve an urgent package of reforms expected to boost the countrys chances of starting membership talks with the European Union.
Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip fired a home-made rocket at a house in an Israeli town today, Israeli rescue services said, but no serious injuries were reported.
Australia #39;s S amp;P/ASX 200 Index fell for a third day. Origin Energy Ltd. declined after New Zealand #39;s Contact Energy Ltd.
At first glance, it might seem as if software company Computer Associates International Inc. has cleaned up its act. Yes, its former CEO and another top executive were indicted last 
Q: In a recent column, a reader bemoaned the fact he had placed all his retirement money in the Vanguard 500 Index mutual fund on your  quot;advice.
Britain #39;s major naval shipbuilders have discussed merging their operations into a single joint venture, two newspapers have reported.
Distribution giant Ingram Micro Inc has acquired Australia #39;s largest IT distributor Tech Pacific in a \$700 million (US\$493 million) cash deal.
Glen Johnson was supposed to leave the ring without the IBF light heavyweight championship belt he #39;d taken to Memphis. Not too many people doubted that.
Kidnappers holding a British hostage in Iraq have put Britain in a very difficult position through their effective use of the media, Prime Minister Tony Blair conceded in an interview with a Sunday newspaper.
Some of India's top musicians are due to perform at a celebration to mark the 350th anniversary of the Taj Mahal.
Gordon Brown will try to focus Labour's conference on the economy, after delegates forced a vote on Iraq.
Oil prices have pushed above \$49 a barrel, approaching record levels as worries about the stability of supplies from Iraq, Nigeria and Russia compound concerns over low fuel stocks ahead of winter.
Tokyo stocks fell for a seventh straight session Monday amid concerns about rising oil prices. The dollar was flat against the Japanese yen.
DOVER, Del.  The day belonged to Ryan Newman, but not even his dominating performance could shake up anything in the drive for NASCAR #39;s Nextel Cup.
On Ashley Lelie #39;s game-altering, 33-yard touchdown reception in the third quarter Sunday, the Denver Broncos wide receiver was supposed to run a post pattern but was prevented 
Environmentalists say they can return a 7,000-acre farm to its natural state as a thriving wetland by allowing it to flood.
Peyton Manning and Brett Favre threw touchdown pass after touchdown pass, moving the ball as if the defenses were little more than speed bumps.
Top Al Qaeda terrorist Amjad Farooqi was killed in a shootout with security forces in Nawabshah, about 200 km northeast from Karachi on Sunday, report agencies.
ARSENAL fear the defence of their Premiership crown is being threatened by bullying tactics from their opponents. The Gunners stretched their unbeaten run to 47 as they overcame a tough 
Ziff Davis - The Ogo gadget is ready to go for e-mail and IM-happy consumers and teens.
Reuters - A car bomb killed three members of the\Iraqi National Guard in the northern city of Mosul and\insurgents fired mortar bombs at a police academy in eastern\Baghdad Monday.
Ever since Enron collapsed, a seemingly endless parade of America #39;s largest companies have been caught manipulating their numbers, more than a few of them criminally.
Two former Computer Associates executives pleaded not guilty last week to charges involving a multi-billion dollar accounting scandal.
Whether Donovan McNabb is eluding 300-pound linemen in a stadium or dragging designer luggage away from it, he is the picture of cool.
The Kansas City Chiefs were 2 yards away from taking a double-digit lead against Houston, hoping to avoid their first 0-3 start in 24 years.
Leave it to the greatest rivalry in sports to nearly turn a lovefest into an alley fight.
INDIANAPOLIS -- Peyton Manning and Brett Favre threw nine touchdown passes between them and weren't even the heroes.
The trouble with a good, or perhaps great, college football team is the competition, or the lack of it. Take No. 1 Southern California, for example.
Manchester United have announced a fall in pre-tax profits to 27.9million for the financial year ending July 31. Profits were down from 39.
The rookie overcame a slow start, remnants of Hurricane Jeanne and the Miami Dolphins #39; blitzing defense to help the Pittsburgh Steelers win 13-3 Sunday night.
British Police say there was no threat to a Greek airliner that was forced to make an emergency landing in London after a bomb threat.
The Australian share market has started the week a little in the red as high crude oil prices prompted investor caution. The All Ordinaries slipped almost three points to 3,632.
Michael Kopper, the first of three former Enron executives who have pleaded guilty and are expected to testify in the ongoing Enron criminal trial, is scheduled to take the stand this morning.
Virgin Digital, the online arm of the Virgin Group, will launch an online music service Monday aimed at replicating on the Net the success of its offline chain of retail music stores.
GIANT SEMI foundry Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC) warned that while business is steady, its customers are dealing with rising levels of stock.
The end zone must be a very scary place, with skeletons and spikes, where dark, shadowy figures with painted faces lurk. It has been a black hole, all right 
Local election results in Germany #39;s most populous state indicate another setback for Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder - but the decline has slowed.
Virgin becomes one of the first major music retailers to enter an increasingly crowded online music market.
Customers of HFC bank are furious after an e-mail error revealed their personal details to thousands of other people.
AFP - An Australian man threw a young British tourist to her death from a bridge after robbing her for drug money.
Virgin boss Sir Richard Branson announces an agreement to secure the first commercial flights into space.
Virgin boss Sir Richard Branson announces plans to secure the first commercial flights into space.
Mediators welcome the return of a Somali warlord to the peace process in neighbouring Kenya.
Pakistan say they will tour India in February 2005 to play three Tests and five one-day internationals.
Chiller The Forgotten  tops the US box office chart, with UK zombie movie Shaun of the Dead at number seven.
A previously unknown story and a letter ascribed to Ernest Hemingway have caused a dispute between those who want to see them published and those who don't.
A company owned by the Chinese government has entered talks to buy Noranda Inc. in a deal that would shake up the Canadian mining industry.
Russia #39;s government will take an active role in managing industry as it seeks to curb inflation and open markets to attract investment, Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov said.
Intel #39;s biggest customer for its Itanium processor is to stop building workstations built around the chip according to the online edition of the Wall Street Journal.
Virgin has become the latest company to launch an online music download service, but UK music fans will have to wait before they can give it a try.
Free safety Marcus Coleman expected to be chasing All-Pro running back Priest Holmes around on the field Sunday. Coleman returned an interception a franchise-record 102 
BRIGHTON, England Top aides to British Prime Minister Tony Blair are urging his party not to let the war in Iraq derail their annual convention and election hopes.
The Office of Fair Trading takes legal action against a Belgian mail-order firm, using new cross-border powers for the first time.
Researchers who believe psychedelic drugs like ecstasy and mushrooms can help people with mental disorders are slowly getting federal agencies on board. By Kristen Philipkoski.
You might not be able to morph your wallpaper just yet, but digital ink is already threatening to make big changes in the way we experience advertising. By Rachel Metz.
This is why manager Terry Francona never did tighten the reins on the free spirits in the Red Sox clubhouse. Free spirits can bounce back with the best of them.
British entrepreneur Richard Branson said Monday that his Virgin company plans to launch commercial space flights over the next few years.
The defending AFC North champs found their stride Sunday, and it had a lot to do with the broad-shouldered back who leaves tacklers wide-eyed and empty-handed.
Brussels - Microsoft Corporation said on Monday it is ready to put a stripped down version of Windows on the market if ordered to do so by a European court.
Virgin Group Ltd., owned by billionaire entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson, said it formed a company called Virgin Galactic to offer commercial space flights starting in 2007.
Sir Alex Ferguson is clearly excited over the prospect of Wayne Rooney making his debut for Manchester United Football Club. The England international is yet to play for the Reds since his 26million transfer 
Iraqi hospital sources and witnesses say US forces carried out overnight airstrikes in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City neighborhood, killing at least two people and wounding more than 40 others.
Paul Bigley, brother of Kenneth Bigley who is being held hostage by militants in Iraq, called on British Prime Minister Tony Blair Monday to step up efforts to win the release 
Saudi security forces, battling a wave of terrorist attacks in the country, have clashed with a group of gunmen in the capital, Riyadh.
Oil prices today hit a new high amid fears over low fuel stocks as winter approaches and renewed concern about the security of supplies.
British entrepreneur Richard Branson said Monday that his Virgin company plans to launch commercial space flights over the next few years.
Internet services and security company VeriSign is unveiling a new token it hopes will replace passwords for gaining access to corporate computers.
DELEGATES gathered in Brighton this week for what will almost certainly be Labour #39;s last annual conference before the general election.
At least five workers die as a site under construction at Dubai airport collapses, trapping workers.
Vodafone says it expects to cut costs by 2.5 billion pounds per year by March 2008, and has reiterated its guidance for this financial year.
Dutch publishing group VNU is to sell its directories business, including the Golden Pages in Ireland, to venture capital groups Apax and Cinven for just over 2 billion.
HEN CHECKING into a hotel room for the first time, how many times have you been frozen by the air conditioner the last occupant left on full blast?
Ziff Davis - Lexmark International is shipping new color laser printers with faster speeds, enhanced media-handling capabilities and cost-saving features.
Reuters - The militant Palestinian group Hamas\said Monday an Arab country might have helped Israel\assassinate one of its leaders in Damascus, an act it called\"treason."
AP - A large wall in a building under construction at Dubai airport collapsed Monday, killing more than eight people and injuring many more, a contractor said.
AFP - Egypt's telecom group Orascom said it was imposing a news blackout to ensure the safety of two kidnapped engineers held hostage in Iraq.
DigitalNet Holdings Inc. of Herndon will provide fingerprint identification services to the Homeland Security Department under a new \$25 million contract.
Flawed voting arrangements may cause another election debacle in Florida, warns ex-US President Jimmy Carter.
At least four workers die as a site under construction at Dubai airport collapses, trapping workers.
The Israeli army pours into the West Bank city of Jenin, sparking firefights with Palestinians.
Five countries which received vCJD-risk blood plasma products should be named to stop the disease spreading, campaigners say.
Solar Data Centers, a Web-hosting company, plans to power its servers on electricity generated by solar panels.
That question now faces Roy Jones Jr. after being knocked out in the ninth round on Saturday night by Glen Johnson in a fight for Johnson #39;s IBF light-heavyweight title.
Police in Pakistan were today braced for a violent backlash from Islamist militants after a suspected al-Qaida operative was killed in a raid at the weekend.
Iraq and the fate of a British hostage are threatening to thwart Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s efforts to put domestic issues centre stage today as Chancellor Gordon 
Tokyo stocks slid Monday to a five-and-a-half week low as concerns about rising oil prices sent the Tokyo stock market #39;s main index to its seventh consecutive decline.
kevcol writes  quot;The San Francisco Chronicle has an excellent interview with Intel #39;s CEO Craig Barrett who retires next year.
Photographers interested in kicking their dependence on chemicals and processing labs can learn to do so with an Exploring Digital Cameras class.
THE Australian share market finished slightly weaker today, as investors continued to engage in some profit taking after last week #39;s record highs.
Storage management offerings on tap from Microsoft Corp. and Veritas Software Corp. aim to extend data replication, archiving and indexing capabilities to accelerate backup and recovery operations.
Several workers are believed to have been killed and others injured after a contruction site collapsed at Dubai airport. The workers were trapped under rubble at the site of a \$4.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked set to open lower  on Monday amid investor concern that high energy costs will  squeeze corporate profits and consumer spending.
India's out-sourcing capital Bangalore is to get an \$87m (48m) new toll motorway in a fresh bid to tackle congestion.
British billionaire Richard Branson announced Monday that his company Virgin Atlantic airline will launch the world #39;s first commercial space flight in near future.
British entrepreneur Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group Ltd. became the latest company to throw its hat into the online music ring Monday by launching the Virgin Digital service.
London - Mexican cement maker Cemex has agreed to buy British rival RMC Group for about R26.5 billion in cash and debt, the two companies said Monday.
Crude prices have hit record highs as Nigeria emerges as the new focus of worries about supply security on world oil markets. London Brent on the International Petroleum 
SpaceShipOne, which is solely funded by Paul G. Allen, was designed by aviation legend Burt Rutan and built by his company, Scaled Composites.
Microsoft will release a low-price version of Windows in Russia by the end of the year, an effort to wean consumers in that country off pirated software and Linux.
Hi. This is your bank. Please verify your account and check routing numbers by filling out this form. Your credit card company here.
A few days after the news of former President Clinton #39;s bypass surgery, I felt myself getting seriously short of breath and unable to walk more than a few steps without stopping.
French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said on Monday his ministry takes the overseas French citizens #39; security as its first priority following the killing of a Frenchman in Saudi Arabia on Sunday.
Microsoft will start charging for a Hotmail feature that allows users of the Web-based e-mail service to access their e-mail using the Outlook e-mail client.
London oil prices hit record highs on Monday as worries about the stability of supplies from Iraq, Nigeria and Russia compounded concerns over low US fuel stocks ahead of winter.
Sir Richard Branson has announced that the Virgin Group have set up a special company to offer commercial space flights by the year 2007.
The television in Bobby Cox #39;s office was tuned to the Chicago Cubs #39; game, and the Braves manager intently watched the ninth inning.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates - A building collapse at a construction site at Dubai airport killed more than eight people and injured many more Monday, a contractor said.
The Supreme Court today declined to pass an order permitting the holding of the Taj Mahotsav near the 17th century monument, which celebrates its 350th anniversary this year.
AP - British entrepreneur Richard Branson said Monday that his company plans to launch commercial space flights over the next few years.
Natural heart pacemakers made from human stem cells have been successfully tested in pigs.
Microsoft effort is designed to wean people off pirated software and the open-source Linux OS.
The International Space Station will have enough oxygen on board to support its crew of two until the next Progress supply vehicle delivers more on Christmas Day, says NASA.
A wall collapsed at an airport construction site Monday, killing more than eight workers and injuring many more, a contractor said.
To curb spam, users will be charged for accessing their e-mail via Outlook.
Move is the latest setback for the chip Intel once billed as an industry standard.
By MAY WONG    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Adobe Systems Inc...
Citing market conditions for the move, HP has dropped the processor just two months after Intel started shipping the 64-bit architecture for x86 systems.
Swiss voters go to the polls Sunday to vote in a referendum on making it easier for children and grandchildren of foreigners living in the country to gain citizenship.
Israeli troops hunting militants raided a West Bank hospital Monday, searching rooms and calling on fugitives over loudspeakers to surrender, and in Gaza soliders 
AP - Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi replaced key ministers and ruling party leaders in a shuffle Monday aimed at solidifying his power and building momentum for his troubled reforms program.
At least seven school children die when their bus crashed as they were travelling to the Paralympics Games in Athens.
The US Department of Homeland Security is buying an entire town for anti-terror  training, reports say.
Global cinema takings will rise steadily to \$22.8bn (12.6bn) by the end of 2004, a research body predicts.
GREAT FALLS, Mont. - A 108-year-old man has taken up smoking again, encouraged by gifts of cigars from as far away as London...
Secretary of State Colin Powell sees the situation in Iraq "getting worse" as planned elections approach, and the top U.S. military commander for Iraq says he expects more violence ahead.
AT amp;T Wireless on Monday seemed to be trying to turn back the clock on cell phone design trends when it introduced the Ogo, a messaging-only handheld.
SAN JOSE, Calif. Adobe Systems is introducing a new format today for digital photos it hopes will create a standard in the industry.
All guys he played with in San Francisco. All guys who made up one of the greatest offenses in NFL history. All guys who remind him of what he has now.
AP - Though Southern California went to halftime down 11 points, Matt Grootegoed knew the Trojans were going to win as soon as he stepped into the locker room.
Officials can not estimate all casualties as some people still remain under the ruins. The wall of the new airports terminal collapsed in United Arab Emirates  capital at 11 am.
Manchester United has warned that lower TV revenues will hit earnings this year, after posting a dip in annual profits. The world #39;s richest soccer club and the subject of 
A newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.
US stocks opened lower on Monday as investor concerns were fueled by oil prices hitting a fresh record high, marching closer to \$50 a barrel, on supply concerns emerging from Nigeria.
The largest asteroid ever known to pass near Earth is making a close celestial brush with the planet this week in an event that professional and backyard astronomers are watching closely.
Pepsi is ready to post earnings; let's hope it doesn't follow in Coke's footsteps.
The company says the device, dubbed the Ogo, won't be bogged down by features that are "hardly used."
Fannie Mae, the biggest buyer of US mortgages, will correct its accounting and boost capital to a level 30 percent above the required minimum after its federal regulator found errors 
Nortel Networks Corp. named its first chief marketing officer on Monday in keeping with the new initiatives announced last month by CEO William Owens.
As crude oil futures head toward \$50 per barrel, stocks are in retreat. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 31 points in today #39;s early going.
The Virgin chief Sir Richard Branson announced his company has signed an agreement potentially worth 14 million to secure the world #39;s first commercial flights to space.
THE Sydney Roosters have been dealt a cruel double blow with Chris Flannery - the man most likely to replace Luke Ricketson if he is suspended - rushed to hospital yesterday.
A bus taking Greek high school students to watch the Paralympics smashed into a truck loaded with glass Monday, killing seven teenage passengers and injuring 30 other people, police said.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates A collapse at a construction site at the Dubai airport on Monday killed five people and injured a dozen, the Department of Civil Aviation said.
An Iranian diplomat who was kidnapped in Iraq has been freed and is in the Iranian Embassy in Baghdad, diplomatic sources told Xinhua on Monday.
Oil prices surged to new record highs on Monday near \$50 for US crude as Nigeria emerged as the latest focus for worries about supply security on world energy markets.
Fannie Mae would have to maintain 30 percent more capital than current rules demand it hold on its balance sheet, the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight, said in a statement.
Shares sink as a federal grand jury continues its investigation into commission rates, tax benefits. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of Tommy Hilfiger Corp.
Sven Jaschan, who may face five years in prison for spreading the Netsky and Sasser worms, is now working in IT security. Photo: AFP.
Former Tour de France winner Jan Ullrich will not compete in Wednesday #39;s time trial of the world cycling championships in Italy because of a stomach problem.
Gordon Brown has extended his sympathies to the family of Kenneth Bigley, the British hostage being held in Iraq, as Mr Bigley #39;s brother criticised Tony Blair.
The average daily volume of Internet attacks declined in the last six months, according to Symantec Corp. #39;s Internet Security Threat Report.
Open source developers who contribute to OpenOffice should stop donating their code to Sun Microsystems, open source advocate Bruce Perens has urged.
The FDIC Friday issued an alert about an increasingly common e-mail scam designed to steal personal information and money from millions of unwary consumers.
Manchester United chief executive David Gill has strongly defended payment of 5.5million to agents over the past 12 months. The extraordinary figure, which does not include a payment 
Any lingering doubts over the television coverage of the India-Australia Test series appeared to have been erased yesterday, with a report that a local network would be appointed as broadcaster.
At least three Pakistani soldiers have been killed in an attack on a convoy in South Waziristan, the army says.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Monday as oil  prices hit a record high, spurring worries that energy costs  will eat into corporate profits.
Fast rising exec replaces CFO Todd Thomson, who will take her job as head of brokerage Smith Barney. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc.
In Greece, a schoolbus filled with teenage students bound for the Paralympic Games has crashed on the way to Athens, leaving seven passengers dead and at least 24 injured.
The Athens Paralympics canceled celebrations at its closing ceremony after seven schoolchildren traveling to watch the event died in a bus crash on Monday.
PC World - Software giant will follow court orders and comply with EU's demands if necessary.
The NTL phone company apologises after an abusive recorded message is left on their faults line.
A model of the North Sea's ecosystem suggests the total fish stock has dropped from 26 million tonnes to 10 million tonnes in just over a century.
Mortgage interest rates remained at low enough levels, it seemed, to continue enticing buyers worried about future rate hikes.
The organizing committee for 2004 Athens Paralympic Games has decided to cancel the entertainment part of the closing ceremony due to a car accident which killed atleast seven students early Monday morning.
Fred Taylor ran for a 1-yard touchdown with nine seconds left Sunday, and the Jaguars earned their first victory ever in Nashville.
The company says the device, dubbed the Ogo, won't be bogged down by features that are "hardly used."
Thousands of Palestinians, many shouting calls for revenge, today buried a member of the militant group Hamas who was killed in a car bomb assassination in which Israeli security officials acknowledged they had a hand.
IBM/Lotus is stepping up efforts to reassure users that its Notes/Domino collaboration platform isn't on the chopping block and will survive well into the future.
Software giant will follow court orders and comply with EU's demands if necessary.
Upcoming device will be the first audio player to use Toshiba's 60GB hard drive.
A NEW York fireman involved in the 9/11 rescue effort today told of his ordeal on board a plane diverted to the UK in a bomb alert.
Reuters - Tom sits patiently in a cage\while Jerry, tethered by a harness, scuttles around sniffing\and scratching the earth.
AFP - The ruling Labour Party was accused of planning dirty tricks by registering three Internet domain names which use the name of the leader of the main opposition Conservatives.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The Athens Paralympics canceled  celebrations at its closing ceremony after seven schoolchildren  traveling to watch the event died in a bus crash on Monday.
Sweden is to move the northern town of Kiruna to prevent it sinking into a hole left by iron ore mines.
HIV/Aids is twice as common in the war-torn north of Uganda as in the rest of the country, an aid agency says.
A scientific model of the North Sea's ecosystem suggests the total stock of fish has dropped from 26 million tonnes to 10 million t in just over a century.
Multiplex Group yesterday officially launched its takeover offer for Ronin Property Group and its bid to become Australias fourth largest property trust listed on the ASX.
Walgreen says its fiscal fourth-quarter earnings topped forecasts, rising 18 percent on higher prescription sales at stores open at least one year.
English football (soccer) team Manchester United has reported a nearly 30 percent fall in its annual profits and warned that future results would be affected by a drop in media revenues.
Oil prices soared to new highs on both sides of the Atlantic today as traders fretted over increasingly short supplies. The cost of crude in New York broke through the 
Ingram Micro is all set to acquire Tech Pacific, in a move that will significantly impact the Indian IT distribution and channels sector.
AP - Paul Hamm appeared before the sports world's highest court Monday to argue why he should keep his Olympic gymnastics gold medal.
The countdown to the conclusion of the privately funded race for space is producing some last-minute surprises, with a key competitor postponing its bid just days before its scheduled flight.
Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices rose on\Monday as investors figured that oil prices near record highs\could slow the economy and stall monetary tightening.
Intervoice gives companies a cost-effective way to deal with customer calls.
California is enacting environmental legislation that could shape the U.S. auto market.
Adobe plans to introduce a new format for digital photos tomorrow in an attempt to create an industry public standard to make the archiving and editing process compatible across all types of cameras and software.
British airline magnate Richard Branson says his company will begin launching paying customers into outer space by 2007 on the world #39;s first commercial space flights.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson insists Wayne Rooney will feel right at home in the Champions League. Rooney: Likely to start from the bench against Fenerbahce.
The quarterback drops back to pass on the first play of the game on enemy turf and floats a picturesque 49-yard bomb to the team #39;s most dangerous player.
Shipments of personal computers this year will be higher than previously anticipated, boosted by demand from businesses, research firm IDC said Monday.
The Dutch publisher VNU, which owns the Nielsen TV ratings service, said Monday it signed a deal to sell its World Directories unit for \$2.
Sweden #39;s Henrik Stenson ended a three-year barren spell with a four-stroke victory in The Heritage on Sunday to take his second European Tour title.
The festive segment of the Paralympic closing ceremony was cancelled today after seven teenagers were killed in a bus accident on the way to the games.
An Israeli helicopter blasted a car in Gaza with a missile today, killing one person and seriously wounding a militant leader, hospital officials said, on a day when Israelis killed seven Palestinians.
A novel method of optical data storage could soon be used to hold a terabyte of data on a disk the size of a normal DVD, say researchers at Imperial College London, UK.
Former President Bill Clintons quadruple bypass surgery two weeks ago sent many middle-aged men rushing to have their hearts checked.
The school bus, on its way to Athens from central Greece, collided with a truck. Thirty people were injured, 26 of them pupils in their.
Sir Richard Branson announces that he has signed an agreement to develop the world #39;s first privately funded space travel. Photograph: Fiona Hanson/PA.
Arsenal midfielder Gilberto Silva could miss the entire group stage of the Champions League plus a handful of Premier League games due to an ailing back.
The Athens 2004 Organizing Committee (ATHOC) has decided to cancel the planned entertainment part of the closing ceremony due a traffic accident which killed at least seven people early Monday morning.
Former Motherwell manager Billy Davies was appointed Preston #39;s full-time boss Monday after taking over the club last month on an interim basis.
Thousands of Palestinians, many shouting for revenge, buried a Hamas leader who was killed in a car bomb assassination blamed on Israel, while Israel on Monday threatened strikes 
AFP - Sterling slipped against the euro in the wake of further evidence that the housing market boom is coming to an end, suggesting that interest rates are close to their peak.
A greatest hits album by late South African singer Brenda Fassie will help Nelson Mandela's Aids project.
Fifty thousand are dead, thousands more will die, and more than 1 million have lost their homes. Simon Robinson visits Darfur and witnesses what is happening while the world dithers
The company is also offering a free tool to convert photos stored in other formats to the new Digital Negative specification.
Security technologist Bruce Schneier explains that while cryptography is one of the most basic tools of computer security, it barely existed as an academic discipline 30 years ago.
Detroit head coach Steve Mariucci knew that they had an uphill climb on tap against Philadelphia on Sunday. It would have taken a perfect effort to beat the red hot Eagles at Ford Field.
Arabic television says a wall at a construction site in Dubai airport in the United Arab Emirates has collapsed, killing at least eight workers.
The Public Health Ministry yesterday confirmed the second case of human bird flu in a new wave of the deadly disease and announced it was putting all parts of the country on high alert for the epidemic.
Company aggressively addresses smaller businesses with products that reduce the cost and complexity of operating a Cisco network.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Olympic all-round champion Paul Hamm  admitted he would be stunned if he lost the gold medal he was  awarded in Athens following a judging error.
New York #39;s JP Morgan Chase is buying a majority stake in Highbridge Capital Management, a hedge fund, the Wall Street Journal reported Monday.
VODAFONE chief executive Arun Sarin today promised to return more cash to shareholders in the form of bigger dividends or share buybacks.
(Sports Network) - The NL East champion Atlanta Braves aim for their fourth straight victory as they start a three-game series versus the New York Mets tonight at Turner Field.
Government has dismissed speculation that declaring its readiness to serve as a Permanent Member of the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) could spark a diplomatic row with certain African countries.
Multinational companies began talks Monday with Nigerian villagers occupying three oil platforms in a dispute over jobs which shut 90,000 barrels per day of oil production.
Investors are pouring billions of dollars into these unregulated investments, shooting for high returns. Here's what to watch out for
For the eighth time this year, Vijay Singh stepped up to the winners podium to accept the hardware following another PGA Tour victory.
Researcher IDC has raised its estimate for the number of PCs that will be sold in 2004, saying it now expects sales of 176.5 million units, the company said Monday.
Walgreen (NYSE: WAG), a company that has built a business largely on prescription drugs, reported its 30th consecutive year of record sales and earnings today.
Third-seeded Guillermo Canas defeated Guillermo Garcia-Lopez of Spain 7-6 (1), 6-3 Monday on the first day of the Shanghai Open on Monday.
Olympic all-round champion Paul Hamm admitted he would be stunned if he lost the gold medal he was awarded in Athens following a judging error.
An Israeli aircraft attacked a car near Khan Yunis, Gaza, on Monday, killing a Palestinian militant and wounding four others, Palestinian security sources said.
Two Palestinian militants were killed on Monday as Israeli Apache helicopters hit their car, Palestinian witnesses and medical sources said.
The leading drugstore retailer is leveraging prescription sales to produce record results.
Ingram Micro Inc. today announced during a conference call that it has entered into an agreement that will increase its reach in the Asia Pacific region.
In a game that mirrored the 115-year history of the bitter rivalry, the Dodgers outlasted the Giants 7-4 to win a rare September series in San Francisco.
Getting aid to those who need it remain a big problem in storm-ravaged Haiti, where up to 1,500 were killed in flooding and 300,000 people were left homeless.
Ziff Davis - Airbus makes it possible to make in-flight cell phone calls. Is it a real technology advancement, or does it work like my anti-lion powder?
Tokyo has played host to an exhibition showcasing the latest attractions for gamers.
The arrival of Jeanne, the fourth powerful hurricane to slam into Florida in two months, makes it likely that 2004 will be the costliest hurricane season in U.S. history.
Earth's magnetic field has flipped many times over the last billion years. But only recently have scientists developed computer models to reveal how these reversals occur.
Many plants can naturally clean chemically contaminated soil and groundwater. Researchers are now helping them do a quicker, better job of rehabbing polluted sites.
A senior Iraqi judge said today that he had closed a case brought against Ahmad Chalabi, the former exile once backed by the Pentagon.
New IP switches and routers that can be used to build converged voice, video, and data networks are aimed at business with limited IT resources.
A new technology capable of storing the equivalent of 100 DVDs on a single DVD-sized disc has been unveiled by researchers from London #39;s Imperial College.
Your credit card information is coming under more frequent attack on the Internet than ever before. A study by Symantec Corp. says electronic commerce has become the favourite target of computer hackers.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers confirmed Monday that running back Charlie Garner will miss the rest of the season with a torn patellar tendon in his right knee.
New Delhi - A meeting with Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf brought an unexpected birthday present for Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
Australian energy company Origin bought its 51 per cent stake in Contact Energy at a discount of nearly \$200 million, says an independent valuation released yesterday.
It could turn out to be a revolutionary step in the field of digital photography - if everyone adopts it, anyway. Adobe Systems plans to introduce a new format for digital photos.
Former All-Star forward Jamal Mashburn will miss the entire 2004-05 NBA season because of a knee injury that could end his career.
Reuters - The compact disc has at least another\five years as the most popular music format before online\downloads chip away at its dominance, a new study said on\Tuesday.
The new program includes grants and classes to help research and academic institutions manage their network systems.
roundup Plus: IronPort spam shield gets steelier...Via brings PCI Express to AMD PCs...Rice lab makes nano parts less toxic.
Growth in commercial PC shipments in the second quarter was the highest in that segment since 1999, the researcher says.
Avecho offers \$18,000 prize to anyone who can sneak a virus past its GlassWall product.
The first-year growth rate for the Net phone start-up was "sky high." Now it has to avoid a sophomore jinx.
The push is on to get Instant Messenger software on more and more mobile phones.
Today, adventurous British entrepreneur Richard Branson formally announced that his Virgin transport, entertainment and communications company plans to launch commercial sub-orbital space flights by 2007.
The extension of the partnership comes as Avici continues to struggle to win new customers.
GT Software next week will formally unveil its platform for outfitting mainframe applications with Web services functionality and linking legacy data into SOAs (service-oriented architectures).
AP - PalmSource Inc. has finally answered the smart-phone call.
AP - Palestinian gunmen abducted a CNN producer in Gaza City on Monday, the network said.
AP - A federal appeals court on Monday revived a lawsuit seeking a paper trail for Florida's new touchscreen voting machines with only five weeks left before the presidential election.
 UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - China and Singapore on Monday  urged the international community to help calm Beijing's  dispute with Taiwan over its push for independence.
AT amp;T Wireless #39; messaging device and service was unveiled, targeting teens and young adults who are heavy users of instant messaging (IM).
AP - Vijay Singh withdrew Monday from the American Express Championship, wanting to stay home with his family in Florida and cope with the damage left by Hurricane Jeanne.
The station #39;s primary oxygen generator has barely worked this month despite repair efforts by the two astronauts on board. The men have had to tap into backup oxygen supplies.
AP - Former All-Star forward Jamal Mashburn will miss the entire 2004-05 NBA season because of a knee injury that could end his career.
The deaths of five labourers at the construction site of the new airport terminal in Dubai will renew questions about conditions in which migrant workers toil in the United Arab Emirates.
The first-year growth rate for the no-cost phone service was "sky high." Now it has to avoid a sophomore jinx.
MLB officials and Orioles owner Peter Angelos are set to continue negotiations that would bring the Expos to Washington in 2005.
A federal appeals court on Monday overturned a judge who had thrown out a lawsuit seeking a paper trail for that state #39;s new touchscreen voting machines.
Snohomish County and state officials announced Monday that International Speedway Corp. has chosen a 850-acre site about 30 miles north of Seattle as the preferred site for a NASCAR racetrack.
US ambassador to Afghanistan ZalmayKhalilzad on Monday rejected the reported allegations of interfering in the ongoing presidential election process in the post-war nation.
A creative peace offering has been met with renewed violence in the troubled south of Thailand. Hours after 50 Thai army planes dropped some 100 million Japanese-style origami cranes over the predominantly 
Even as Microsoft appeals a finding that it broke antitrust rules, the company says it has spent millions to make a stripped-down version of Windows.
Whitehouse Station-based Merck is joining with a company that last year began small-scale testing of a nasal spray drug designed to make the stomach feel full faster.
AP - Dell Inc. and America Online Inc. announced a partnership Monday to provide 5,000 low-income students with free refurbished personal computers and a year's worth of Internet access.
Reuters - In this north German town\a huge crane is helping to build the world's largest wind power\plant, a prototype for offshore wind farms from 2006.
Iran's hardline parliament approves a law giving it the right to block two huge foreign investment contracts awarded to Turkish companies.
The mutual fund information provider receives a Wells Notice over incorrect data.
How some companies neglect simple marketing rules in Search Engine Optimization.
The small-business push is aimed squarely at Microsoft, executives for the database giant acknowledge.\
Cable channel G4techTV promises to make the 2004-2005 season happen one way or another by staging reproductions of key games.
An operating system for smart phones might make up for a rough quarter and Microsoft nipping at its heels.
An increase in commercial PC demand growth has caused market research firm IDC to revise its forecast for 2004 PC shipments, the firm announced today.
Egypt #39;s release of accused Israeli spy Azzam Azzam in an apparent swap for six Egyptian students held on suspicion of terrorism is expected to melt the ice and perhaps result 
 GAZA (Reuters) - Armed Palestinians kidnapped an Israeli  Arab producer for the CNN television network from a car in Gaza  City on Monday after asking for him by name.
Two of the European Union #39;s landmark antitrust decisions against US companies are in court this week as WorldCom Inc. seeks a moral victory and Microsoft Corp.
Pakistani forces following up on a raid that killed a top al-Qaida fugitive arrested four more suspected extremists Monday, while the US Embassy warned that security constraints 
By israelinsider staff September 27, 2004. An Israeli Druze citizen employed by CNN was kidnapped in Gaza City on Monday evening, by five armed Palestinians.
The Pakistani President, Pervez Musharraf, says the killing of an al-Qaeda militant by security forces is a major blow against terrorism.
Depressed sales at Federated Department Store Inc. stores in Florida will cause third-quarter results to come in lower than expected, the company announced today.
How big is your key ring? There are the house keys, of course, and the car keys and the little fob for unlocking the doors from 30 feet away.
Apple has finally formally addressed a well known display problem with the 15-inch PowerBook. The 15-inch PowerBook G4 Display Repair Extension Program offers replacement 
SHANGHAI (Ticker) - Third seed Guillermo Canas of Argentina became the first seeded player to reach the second round of the Heineken Open Shanghai.
September 27, 2004 - Chicago quarterback Rex Grossman injured his right knee late in the fourth quarter of the Bears #39; 27-22 loss to Minnesota on Sunday.
BOSTON - The Red Sox ended their home season in typical fashion with another brilliant performance by Curt Schilling and another benches-clearing confrontation with the Yankees.
Apple Computer is offering free replacement screens to owners of 15-inch PowerBook models whose machines have a flaw that causes the screen to display white spots.
Armed men have seized an Israeli Arab producer working for the CNN television network from a car in Gaza City after asking for him by name.
In a move the company says significantly strengthens its position in the growing Asia Pacific region, distributor Ingram Micro Inc.
NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Tommy Hilfiger Corp. (TOM) said a federal grand jury is investigating whether its US subsidiary has been inappropriately shifting 
Kraft, the largest US food company, on Monday will reveal details of a high-stakes marketing gamble to tie many of its lines with the popular South Beach diet.
Ogo is the first wireless messaging device to provide instant messaging (IM) and e-mail from all three leading providers - AOL, MSN, and Yahoo!
Cisco Systems Inc. continued its push into the small and medium-sized business market today with the announcement of new modular switches geared toward SMBs.
Berea, OH (Sports Network) - Cleveland Browns linebacker Ben Taylor will miss the remainder of the season because of a torn tendon in his chest.
LONDON -- Nobody has more problems at the start of the Champions League season than Real Madrid - unless it #39;s Italian side AS Roma.
Armed Palestinians seized an Israeli Arab producer for the CNN television network from a car in Gaza City on Monday after asking for him by name.
ATHENS, Greece -- The festive segment of the Paralympic closing ceremony was canceled Monday after seven teenagers were killed in a bus accident on the way to the games.
Remember some of the biggest winners from 1999? Yeah, Bill Mann forgot about a lot of them too.
A federal grand jury probes into the commission rates Tommy Hilfiger U.S.A. paid to a non-U.S. subsidiary.
Cisco this week will release products it says will help small companies deal with the complexities of LAN switch security, convergence and network management.
Adobe has announced ambitious plans to unify the digital camera market by creating a single file format that all digital cameras can record in.
AP - A row over intellectual property claims from Microsoft Corp. has dealt a fatal blow to an ambitious effort by Internet engineers to create a technical standard for curbing junk e-mail.
AP - Swiss authorities hailed as a success a test of Internet voting in a national referendum, even as computer security experts remain skeptical that any online balloting could ever be secure using current technologies.
Schools are spending a fortune on technology in the hopes of gaining relevance with Generation I.  Bad news--they've already lost.
&lt;strong&gt;Feature&lt;/strong&gt; From hell to hell and maybe heaven
A suspected al-Qaeda leader arrested in Lebanon last week has died of a heart attack, officials say.
Your secret shame is over. A start-up in Pennsylvania says it can cure foot-odor problems with nanosocks.
Group to push development of HD DVD hardware and content, plus try to drive commercial adoption.
Company offers free replacement screens to owners of 15-inch models that display white spots.
AP - Oakland quarterback Rich Gannon has a broken vertebra in his neck that will sideline him at least six weeks.
Operating system might help make up for a rough quarter and Microsoft nipping at the company's heels.
AP - No stranger to injuries, Brett Favre can add another ailment to his list: a bum left shoulder to go with a bruised left hamstring.
Let #39;s start by dispensing praise to both the US and Spanish Davis Cup teams that will play for the chalice the first week of December.
PSV Eindhoven defender Andr Ooijer is expected to miss upwards of a month due to an injury suffered during their weekend romp over Heerenveen.
A crane smashed into a wall during construction of an unfinished terminal at Dubai #39;s airport Monday, and witnesses reported at least eight workers were killed.
Two car bombs killed seven Iraqi national guardsmen and a rocket barrage hit a police academy Monday as insurgents kept up their offensive to subdue Iraq #39;s beleaguered security forces.
 MOSCOW (Reuters) - A young Spartak Moscow player has died  in hospital from injuries after being attacked on his way home,  the Russian ice hockey club said Monday.
By MAY WONG    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- PalmSource Inc...
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks declined on Monday, as record  crude oil prices triggered fresh worry that energy costs will  erode corporate profits and consumer demand.
Plus, the \$600 billion cash cow, Kraft's diet pitch, and Samsung sets nano benchmark.
The flash memory maker does fine in camera, but doesn't deliver for investors.
Stocks declined on Monday, as record crude oil prices triggered fresh worry that energy costs will erode corporate profits and consumer demand.
Swiss authorities hailed as a success a test of Internet voting in a national referendum, even as computer security experts remain skeptical that any online balloting could ever be secure using current technologies.
Arizona Cardinals head coach Dennis Green said last week that his team #39;s offensive system was the best in the league. Apparently the rest of the league never received the memo.
Jordan #39;s King Abdullah said in an interview published on Monday he believed two Italian women kidnapped in Iraq three weeks ago were still alive and Jordan was trying to obtain their freedom.
Consistent gains in commercial personal computer demand will boost shipments of PCs to176.5 million units in 2004 on growth of 14.
British airline tycoon Richard Branson said Monday he has cut a deal with a US rocket ship company to take paying passengers into space.
A bricks and mortar music store is transforming into a clicks and mortar presence, as the Virgin Group is launching a music store in the US.
HP (Quote, Chart) is doing a lot of explaining after it revealed this weekend that it will no longer put Itanium processors in its high-performance workstations.
Syracuse starting cornerback Tanard Jackson was released from the hospital Monday after being stabbed in the chest during a fight outside the campus student center.
The team learned on Monday that full-back Jon Ritchie will miss the rest of the season with a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee.
In a move Citigroup Inc. said was aimed at broadening the experience of up-and-coming executives, two of its top managers are swapping jobs.
Suspected communist rebels have shot dead the leader of a breakaway guerrilla group that entered into a peace agreement with the Philippine government, police say.
The Oakland Raiders reported Monday that quarterback Rich Gannon will be sidelined at least six weeks with a neck injury. Gannon broke vertebrae in his neck when he collided helmet 
AP - Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair will stay in the hospital Monday night with a bruised sternum and will be listed as questionable on the NFL injury report.
Reuters - New Orleans Hornets forward\Jamal Mashburn will sit out the 2004-05 season due to a patella\femoral irritation of his right knee.
AP - Los Angeles investor Mark L. Attanasio appears to be close to an agreement to buy the Milwaukee Brewers from the family of baseball commissioner Bud Selig.
Wyatt Sexton will make his first start at quarterback for FSU, replacing injured Chris Rix for Saturday's game against North Carolina.
Pop producer Phil Spector is indicted on a charge that he murdered an actress at his home 19 months ago.
The Senate opened a floor debate today and moved toward a final vote on a bill endorsed by 9/11 commission leaders.
Fund manager Cerberus Capital Management to buy the Mobitex network, used to support a quarter of the world's BlackBerry users.
Up to 15,000 audio files can be stored on the company's upcoming hard drive-based player.
Boosted by the strongest demand from businesses since 1999, PC shipments this year will be higher than previously anticipated, research firm IDC said today.
Intel has dropped plans to turn its latest batch of chip sets into wireless access points, citing a lack of interest from PC vendors and the rising number of stand-alone access points.
Concord management software has helped uncover a range of problems at Northwestern medical group, which is now seeing improved system performance.
Microsoft will be ready to comply with European Commission demands for changes to its Windows operating systems if a European court does not suspend the antitrust remedy, a company spokesman said today.
Qwest Communications International has added its OneFlex VoIP services for small, medium, and enterprise businesses to 10 additional markets.
Using elephant dung and skin samples, researchers said they were able to make a map of elephant DNA that could help track down ivory poachers.
While no official announcement has been made, Mark Attanasio, a Los Angeles investor, looks to be the new owner of the Milwaukee Brewers.
It's part of the company's effort to beat back Linux and piracy efforts in developing technology markets.
within 25 seconds - to 2,500mph. For no more than five minutes they will float about, 80 miles above planet Earth. Lavatory and in-flight drinks?
It is 4:30 pm on Tuesday, the day after the Minnesota Twins clinched their third consecutive American League Central Division title.
PC World - It's part of the company's effort to beat back Linux and piracy efforts in developing technology markets.
Company offers higher-end equipment and new expertise for selling complicated combinations of products.
A FIRST goal for Charlton from Moroccan defender Tala El Karkouri saw them preserve their unbeaten Premiership home record as they beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0.
Two UN agencies have warned that bird flu is set to remain a serious threat to animal and human life worldwide in the near future.
Symantec report says Internet attacks for financial gain on the rise.
Palm kicks off its European developer conference in Munich this week with details of a new release of its Cobalt OS. Cobalt 6.1 will feature new GSM and 802.
Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair remained in a Nashville hospital Monday because of a bruised sternum, but tests revealed no serious injuries.
Two clubs seemingly vying to make theirs the most miserable start to a season - Real Madrid and AS Roma -ill meet on their return to Champions League duty.
Pakistan claims its security forces have killed a leading al-Qa #39;ida member who was a main suspect in the kidnap and murder of the journalist Daniel Pearl, and an assassination 
Reuters - Online media company Yahoo Inc.\ late on Monday rolled out tests of redesigned start\pages for its popular Yahoo.com and My.Yahoo.com sites.
AP - Airline mogul and adventurer Richard Branson announced plans Monday to boldly go where no private transport company has gone before  #151; into space.
AFP - Visiting Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Abul Gheit said he plans to travel next week to Israel and underscore the need for Israel's total pullout from Gaza.
AP - Details of a new television ad from Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, to begin airing this week:
Six million students are expected to begin school Saturday in a key test of security.
As Pakistan rounds up more Al Qaeda operatives in its cities, hundreds of Uzbek fighters remain in the tribal hills.
The Basque separatist group, Eta, says it will continue its violent campaign for self-determination.
Harrah #39;s Entertainment and Caesars Entertainment Inc. have agreed to sell four hotel-casinos to an affiliate of Colony Capital LLC for about 1.2 billion dollars.
On Monday, Virgin Group subsidiary Virgin Digital launched an online store designed to leverage the name recognition of its brick-and-mortar Virgin Megastore while competing with a subscription-based model.
Microsoft on Monday announced it would start charging users to access their Hotmail accounts from the Outlook or Outlook Express e-mail clients.
Mark Hughes maintained Blackburns hard effort would soon earn their just rewards - after his side went down 1-0 to Charlton in tonights Barclays Premiership clash at The Valley.
LONDON - Nobody has more problems at the start of the Champions League season than Real Madrid - unless it #39;s Italian side AS Roma.
SAS unveiled on Monday a forecasting tool, SAS High-Performance Forecasting, targeted at industries that do large volumes of forecasts.
At least the innocent were spared possible humiliation. Even though Britain lost to Austria 3-2 last weekend and remain in the second division of the Davis Cup, Jeremy Bates was 
The Milwaukee Brewers have agreed to accept an offer from Los Angeles investor Mark L. Attanasio to buy the team from the family of baseball commissioner Bud Selig.
BAGHDAD - US jets pounded suspected militant positions in a Baghdad slum Monday as two car bombs killed seven Iraqi national guardsmen and a rocket barrage hit a police academy.
Sudanese Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail said here on Monday that his government is open to the idea of granting some sort of autonomy to the western Darfur region where 
Indonesia announced on Monday its aspiration for a permanent seat on an expanded United Nations Security Council, saying it should be given a voice on thecouncil.
Cisco Systems (Quote, Chart) has modified its Catalyst switching products to help small and medium-sized businesses deploy converged data, voice and video networks.
IBM announced Monday a \$250 million investment in RFID (radio frequency identification), an emerging technology that is being mandated by the likes of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
The third hurricane to hit NASA #39;s spaceport in just over a month, blew out more panels and left more gaping holes in the massive shuttle assembly building.
LONDON A police search found no threat to a Greek airliner that was forced to make an emergency landing in Britain after a bomb alert, officers said Monday.
President Bush ridiculed Senator John Kerry today, and Mr. Kerry assailed the president's Iraq policy in a statement issued by his campaign.
Microsoft releases code for FlexWiki Web collaboration program--the company's third application to go public.
TechKnow program doles out PCs to children who complete special class, meet standards regarding grades and attendance.
The International Air Transport Association said Monday international air travel and cargo transport rose more than expected. In the first eight months of this year, passenger travel increased by nearly 19 
Vodafone said Monday that it remained interested in acquisitions in France, eastern Europe, Asia and Africa as the mobile phone company detailed cost cuts that it expects will reach an annual 2.
LONDON Richard Branson, the adventurous entrepreneur behind the Virgin Group, said Monday that he would form a commercial space travel company that would start carrying passengers by 2007.
Hewlett-Packard Co. will no longer sell computer workstations using the Intel Itanium chip, which the two giant tech companies worked together to design.
AOL today announced its Mobile Developer Program designed to formalize the company #39;s three year-old push into the cellular phone instant messaging business.
THE merger of high-profile information security companies Betrusted, TruSecure and Ubizen signals a strategic shift in the market place.
AP - Jamal Lewis, 180 yards. Marshall Faulk, 121. Lee Suggs, 186. Curtis Martin, 196. Lewis again, this time for 186.
World number two Andy Roddick says the United States will probably be the underdogs in the Davis Cup final against hosts Spain in December.
Britain last won the Davis Cup in 1936. You can account for the paucity of confidence in the British team last weekend when you realise their last victory predates rationing.
Top-sseded Juan Carlos Ferrero pulled out of the Heineken Open Shanghai Monday because of wrist and knee injuries. Ferrero, the former world No.
After having his 2003 season shortened by a shoulder injury, Raiders quarterback Rich Gannon will miss at least six weeks with a broken vertebra in his neck.
AP - The remnants of Hurricane Jeanne rained out Monday night's game between the New York Mets and the Atlanta Braves.
At least five people were killed and a dozen were injured Monday after an unfinished wall collapsed during construction of a multi-billion-dollar expansion of the Dubai International Airport, airport authorities said.
A Palestinian militant has been killed and three other people wounded in an Israeli helicopter strike on a car in the southern Gaza Strip.
Islamabads assurance to New Delhi that Pakistan will not seize the Siachen glacier if Indian troops withdraw from it is welcome.
The general in charge of UN peacekeepers in Haiti is critical of the slow pace of aid getting to hungry and sick residents, many left homeless by flooding.
Palestinian resistance group Hamas has said an Arab country might have helped Israel assassinate one of its members in Damascus . Although Hamas spokesman Usama Hamdan, who called 
AP - Missouri starting linebacker David Richard has been suspended from Saturday's Big 12 game against Colorado.
The virtual life game sold more than a million copies in its first 10 days on the market, Electronic Arts said.
The remnants of Hurricane Jeanne rained out Monday's game between the Mets and the Atlanta Braves. It will be made up Tuesday as part of a doubleheader.
Jamal Mashburn and the New Orleans Hornets announced Monday that the former All-Star's right knee injury had shown no improvement.
Paul Hamm fights to keep his gymnastics gold medal during a hearing before the sports world's highest court Monday but the panel adjourns without making a decision.
The Milwaukee Brewers have agreed to accept an offer from Los Angeles investor Mark L. Attanasio to buy the team from the family of baseball commissioner Bud Selig.
The International Atomic Energy Agency warns of the possibility of system sabotage by intruders and corrupt insiders.\
Digital music is ramping up, but Jupiter Research reports that the venerable CD will remain the best-selling format throughout the remainder of the decade.
Nymex crude oil surged to a record of 50 dollars per barrel Monday as traders concerned that the petroleum production in the Gulf of Mexico would not return tonormal soon.
Sallie Krawcheck became the most powerful woman on Wall Street yesterday when she was named chief financial officer of Citigroup, the biggest bank in the world.
Lazard is moving towards a flotation that could raise \$3billion and overhaul the complex structure of the powerful investment bank.
Computer-security companies TruSecure Corp. and Betrusted Holdings Inc. said last week they would merge to create a new company called Cybertrust that would sell a portfolio 
BENQ #39;S new digital music player line, the Joybee 180, comes in three different designs, each with an additional cover you can swop around.
Running back Anthony Davis, who missed No. 20 Wisconsin #39;s last three games with an eye injury, has been cleared to play this weekend against Illinois.
Virgin Group announced on Monday that it has launched a new online music store that will offer music downloads for the regular price of \$0.
Firm to sell Utility Data Center package as separate software modules. UDC staff handed walking papers.
Adobe Systems is making Kodak's Ofoto the preferred online printing service in consumer versions of its Photoshop image editing applications.
The virtual life game sold more than a million copies in its first 10 days on the market, Electronic Arts said.
Microsoft this week added Russia to the list of the countries that will see a budget-priced version of Windows XP, what developer dubs  quot;Starter Edition.
JERUSALEM Seven Palestinians were killed in scattered violence on Monday that included an Israeli airstrike in the Gaza Strip and an incursion by soldiers into a West Bank refugee camp.
 KABUL (Reuters) - Regional and factional leaders pose as  much of a threat to Afghanistan's elections as a Taliban  insurgency, Human Rights Watch said on Tuesday.
The bill, which would establish the post of national intelligence director, has powerful critics in both parties.
Seasobed Sir Richard Branson watchers could be forgiven for thinking there was nothing left on the planet to escape the red and white Virgin logo.
HP announced that it will discontinue the use of Intel Itanium microprocessors due to the limited demand in the market from its customers.
A Silicon Valley start-up called Azul Systems plans to start selling hardware next year designed to make it faster and more efficient to run Java programs.
The spacecraft Mars Global Surveyor has been in orbit at Mars for seven years and is still pulling off amazing feats of aerial imaging.
AP - Internet powerhouse Yahoo Inc. has given its popular Web site a facelift to highlight some of the features that the company has been improving during the past year.
The abduction of Israeli journalist Riad Ali in Gaza yesterday is an extraordinary event, apparently the first of its kind in the history of the conflict in the territories.
Investor's Business Daily - The flock of hurricanes that hit Florida this season is putting more pressure on forecasters to provide fast, reliable information.
U.S. senators are debating a controversial measure to exempt foreign student graduates from the cap on H-1B visas.
Hardware expected to begin selling next year is designed to make it faster and more efficient to run Java programs.
IPLocks will help Western Corporate Federal Credit Union meet government security requirements.
An ambitious plan to turn millions of desktop computers into hubs of wireless Internet access has been shelved after PC makers balked at the price of the feature, Intel Corp.
Talal El Karkouri scored his first goal in English soccer as Charlton defeated Blackburn 1-0 to rise to seventh in the Premiership standings.
LAKE FOREST - In the early stages of the season Rex Grossman proved to be developing into a playmaker, but it also became his downfall.
Compuware plans to enhance its suite of products for the Microsoft development platform, with tools to improve application performance, code quality, and security.
A child abuse case against a former US bishop is dropped, hours after he was charged.
Jack Straw defends his handshake with Zimbabwe's much criticised President Robert Mugabe.
Tokyo stocks opened lower Tuesday due to concerns about rising oil prices, while the dollar rose against the Japanese yen. The Nikkei Stock Average was down 53.
Arun Sarin, the chief executive of Vodafone, revealed yesterday the company was expecting to deliver annual cash flow improvements of 2.
With a three-game set vs. Florida, Montreal bids adieu to its pro baseball team Hurdles exist, but relocation process now appears irreversible, by Richard Griffin.
AP - Philip Rivers just got a lot closer to taking his first snap with the woeful San Diego Chargers.
AP - Exactly 33 years after the Washington Senators played their final game, the nation's capital might learn on Thursday that major league baseball plans to return next season.
AP - Running back Anthony Davis, who missed No. 20 Wisconsin's last three games with an eye injury, has been cleared to play this weekend against Illinois.
After two and a half years in limbo as a ward of Major League Baseball, the Montreal Expos appear to be heading to a new home in Washington.
The Yankees should soon clinch their seventh consecutive division title, but they have little reason to be confident in their starters.
Baseball will continue negotiations with Peter G. Angelos on a financial package that could clear a path for the Expos to begin play at RFK Stadium in time for Opening Day.
The reserves are the key reason for Baltimore's 2-1 record and its place atop the AFC North standings following Sunday's thumping of Cincinnati, 23-9.
Oakland quarterback Rich Gannon has a broken vertebrae in his neck that will sideline him at least six weeks.
MPs and the main City watchdog are at odds over the plight of millions of policyholders  quot;trapped quot; in closed with-profits funds.
Computer Associates International Inc. said Monday it has revoked home security and office support benefits to former Chief Executive Officer Sanjay Kumar, who was indicted last week on 
Peyton Manning threw for 393 yards and five first-half touchdowns and the Indianapolis Colts beat the Green Bay Packers 45-31 in a wild, high-scoring game on Sunday.
Pakistani security forces arrested more terrorist suspects yesterday, a day after killing the country #39;s leading al-Qaida figure and most wanted terrorist.
Under pressure from federal regulators, mortgage giant Fannie Mae has agreed to boost its reserve cushion against risk by several billion dollars.
David Jones Limited (DJS) said today that it expected a 5 increase in profit after tax in the 2005 financial year after a strong rally in FY04 net profit.
The players #39; association filed a grievance Monday seeking to overturn the Anaheim Angels #39; suspension of left fielder Jose Guillen.
James Hardie Industries NV said Chief Executive Officer Peter Macdonald will stand aside during a probe by Australia #39;s securities regulator into allegations he misled investors about 
Arsenal goalkeeper Jens Lehmann has admitted that he was shocked to find out that he had been dropped from the Arsenal side on Saturday.
Everyone kept wondering when Austria #39;s alpine powerhouse would show up for the new World Cup season and the answer was emphatically provided on Sunday.
AP - Israelis killed seven Palestinians in attacks Monday, including a Gaza airstrike that killed one militant and wounded a militia commander, who vowed revenge from his hospital bed.
The investigation of the disclosure of C.I.A. agent Valerie Plame's identity seems to have been both exhaustive and inconclusive.
Fannie Mae, the nation's largest mortgage buyer, agreed to major changes in its accounting and management practices.
The Bush campaign has pressed rally audiences to work as foot soldiers, before, during and immediately after Bush events.
Three years after the Sept. 11 attacks, more than 120,000 hours of potentially valuable terrorism-related recordings have not yet been translated by linguists at the 
Eddie George scored on a 1-yard run with 4:01 left in the first quarter to give the Dallas Cowboys a 7-0 lead over the Washington Redskins on Monday night.
AP - Despite being benched after three fumbles against Atlanta, Josh McCown is still the Arizona Cardinals' quarterback.
com. If the Braves sweep their doubleheader against the Mets at Turner Field on Tuesday, Braves manager Bobby Cox will become the ninth manager in history to record 2,000 career wins.
Gregg Zaun homered and Orlando Hudson had three hits and an RBI, leading the Toronto Blue Jays past the Baltimore Orioles 4-1 Monday night.
Microsoft Corp. officials said yesterday that the company has spent millions of dollars preparing a version of its Windows operating system without a program for playing digital music and 
TOKYO : International carriers are to raise fares on flights from Japan to Europe by five percent in mid-January to cope with soaring oil prices, Japanese airlines said.
Gordon Brown was at it again at the Labour Party conference in Brighton yesterday, boasting of the fiscal and monetary stability he and his policies have introduced into the UK economy.
Thus read the opening line of the letter accompanying a cheerful, multicolored, striped package the size of a shoe box for a small child #39;s shoe.
The rain blew sideways across the landscape of Turner Field as the remnants of Hurricane Jeanne drenched the city. The deluge still could not obscure the chest-thumping on the 
The power of Afghan armed factions means elections there will go ahead in an environment of fear and repression, US-based Human Rights Watch says.
Arrest of pregnant woman for talking loudly is latest incident in which Transit Police are accused of overzealous enforcement.
After remnants of Hurricane Gaston hit Richmond, Michael Wright's 1999 Honda CR-V sat under water just blocks from his office for three days before a towing company hauled it away.
Fannie Mae, the nation's largest mortgage buyer, agreed to major changes in its accounting and management practices.
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi shifted his economic repairman to Japan's next gargantuan task: privatizing the world's largest bank.
Comcast said it was in talks with Time Warner to make a joint bid for Adelphia, which has been operating under bankruptcy protection.
As Florida was cleaning up yesterday from its fourth hurricane in six weeks, insurance executives and analysts said they expected the cost of coverage to rise sharply for millions of homes and businesses in the state.
They lack solid political bases and support from ruling party elders. One felt the wrath of voters just four years ago when he lost his Diet seat.
A senior North Korean official has called reports that North Korea is preparing to launch a ballistic missile test  quot;only rumor and guess.
Comcast and Time Warner are exploring an alliance to buy the bankrupt cable outfit. If their bid wins, then they divide the spoils.
Casey Blake drove in three runs and Jake Westbrook pitched seven strong innings to lead the Cleveland Indians over the Kansas City Royals 6-1 Monday night.
The Red Sox clinched another playoff berth Monday night, but this time their reaction was much more subdued.
The price of oil jumped to another high on Monday, in part because of dramatic disruptions caused by hurricanes whipping through the Gulf of Mexico.
By agreeing to its regulator #39;s demands, the mortgage titan has largely defanged its critics and distanced itself from scandal.
ARLINGTON, Texas The Anaheim Angels continued their chase for the American League West division crown with a 5-to-3 win over the Texas Rangers.
The Orioles announce Monday that they will not bring scouting director Tony DeMacio back after this season, signaling a possible front-office shakeup.
The fan who caught Barry Bonds' 700th homer is being sued by another man who says he was the rightful owner of the prized ball.
The Pirates stop a seven-game road losing streak with a 6-1 win over Philadelphia that eliminates the Phillies from playoff contention.
Roy Oswalt became the NL's first 19-game winner as the Astros stay close in the wild-card race with a 10-3 victory over St. Louis.
MANCHESTER United yesterday reported lower annual profits of 27.9m as it warned future results would be affected by a drop in media revenues.
Whether the Houston Astros are still in contention for the Wild Card spot when the Colorado Rockies roll into town this weekend is anyone #39;s guess, as is which starting 
Several starting spots may have been usurped or at least threatened after relatively solid understudy showings Sunday, but few players welcome the kind of shot delivered to Oakland 
Armed Palestinians kidnapped an Israeli Arab producer for the CNN television network from a car in Gaza City on Monday after asking for him by name.
British researchers have developed a scheme to store as much as a terabyte of data on a single video disk -- equivalent to 472 hours of video.
Comcast said it was in talks with Time Warner to make a joint bid for Adelphia, which has been operating under bankruptcy protection.
Conan O'Brien will succeed Jay Leno as host of the "Tonight" show at the end of Mr. Leno's current five-year contract.
Pakistani Security Forces say they have killed a major al-Qaeda millitant on Monday, September 27. Amjad Farooqi was killed after a shootout with Pakistani Security Forces.
Reuters - The Indian government is investigating reports that blood samples that could be contaminated with the human form of mad cow disease had entered the country from Britain, a top official said on Tuesday.
Afghan warlords are involved in intimidation which could threaten October's elections, Human Rights Watch says.
A drug used to treat breast cancer would not be good for preventing the tumours occurring in the first place, say researchers.
Monday's blast demonstrated the uneven vulnerability of U.S. forces, who are equipped with sophisticated weaponry and armor, and their Iraqi allies, who fight the same battles using inferior equipment.
A simplified version of the QuickBooks application will target sole proprietors and other small firms that use basic accounting methods.
Fort Worth-based Cash America International Inc. (NYSE: PWN) said Monday that it bought the operations of 32 cash advance locations in Southern California.
Virginia #39;s secretary of technology, George C. Newstrom, said yesterday that he is stepping down from the post after more than two years on the job.
On Sunday, the Anaheim Angels took time out from their playoff chase with the Oakland Athletics and Texas Rangers to suspend left fielder Jose Guillen without pay for the 
NASCAR officials are bracing to defend themselves from the negative publicity that might result from a planned protest at the races in Talladega, Ala.
originally offered on notebook PCs -- to its Opteron 32- and 64-bit x86 processors for server applications. The technology will help servers to run 
Bank of America signs a deal to deploy 180,000 Cisco IP telephones nationwide over the next three years.
Falling prices for 10-Gbps Ethernet switches may spur a new round of network upgrades by businesses looking to provide more speed for bandwidth-hungry applications.
In the midst of a stretch against division rivals Texas and Oakland, the Angels suspended Jose Guillen without pay.
The Montreal Expos appear to be heading to a new home in Washington, but the most pressing concern is the negotiation to compensate Orioles' owner Peter Angelos.
Reuters - The yen was feeling the heat on Tuesday\as oil prices scaled new record highs, underlining concerns\about Japan's dependence on imported oil.
Technology distributor Ingram Micro has announced that it has signed an agreement to purchase Australian based company Tech Pacific for AU\$700 million, in a move designed to strengthen its Asia Pacific presence.
The last time the Angels played the Texas Rangers, they dropped two consecutive shutouts at home in their most agonizing lost weekend of the season.
AFP - Indonesian soldiers have killed six suspected rebels during two separate gunbattles in the troubled province of Aceh, the military said.
The union for employees at 14 of Washington #39;s biggest hotels said they want a week to review new proposals made yesterday by management negotiators.
A record crowd of 90.367 entered FedEx Field Monday night hoping to witness a new chapter in what has become a lopsided rivalry between the Dallas Cowboys and Washington Redskins.
With the National League #39;s best record sewn up, the Cardinals would just as soon start the playoffs immediately. Yesterday, if possible.
Jon Gruden isn #39;t happy, and he admitted as much Monday morning. But at least the Bucs coach can look forward to something. Running back Michael 
Defensive end Chris Canty, who returned for a fifth year at Virginia only after careful deliberation, has been lost for the season with a knee injury.
AP - St. Louis Cardinals second baseman Tony Womack left Monday night's game against Houston in the seventh inning after getting hit on the left hand with a pitch.
While not quite a return to glory, Monday represents the Redskins' return to the national consciousness.
Crude oil prices set fresh records as  US light crude tops \$50 a barrel in Asian trade and Brent sticks close to \$46.
Michael Kopper, who participated in the wrongdoing that helped cripple Enron, provided a glimpse of the deals orchestrated by Andrew S. Fastow.
Microsoft said that it might restart settlement talks with European Union regulators after Europe's second-highest court ruled on whether penalties should be suspended.
The Senate could take action this week on a bill that would make it easier to sue "peer-to-peer" networks like Kazaa and LimeWire.
Internet powerhouse Yahoo has given its popular Web site a facelift to highlight some of the features that the company has been improving during the past year.
Toshiba will launch three new versions of its Gigabeat hard drive-based portable music player starting in late November, the company says.
A proposed \$10 round-trip airfare increase that initially looked like it might stick fell apart over the weekend. The increase was proposed by American Airlines late last week and matched 
ADOBE Systems, maker of the world-renowned Photoshop picture-editing software, has announced two new products for digital video and still-photography hobbyists.
The waning moments against the Angels on Monday had all the elements of another memorable night in what has proved to be an unforgettable season for the Rangers.
The 2002 NFL MVP has a broken vertebra in his neck that will sideline him at least eight weeks, starting Sunday when the Oakland Raiders play the Texans in Houston.
This season Clemson and West Virginia installed goal posts that can be lowered to the ground in a matter of seconds, thus preventing injuries to fans who storm the field after big football victories.
The giant #39;s CFO and Smith Barney #39;s chief swap jobs -- a regular rotation for managers on the rise or damage control in advance?
The sale of new single-family homes across the country rose by 9.4 percent in August, ending a two-month dip, the US Commerce Department reported yesterday.
Ichiro, with 914 hits since his rookie year in 2001, is currently on pace to set the record for most hits over any four-year span in the majors.
SEATTLE, Sept. 27 (Ticker) -- With their floor leader sidelined early in the game, the Seattle Storm rallied to win their first playoff series.
Lions quarterback Joey Harrington was shot down by the Eagles pass rush Sunday, but on Monday he fired back at the Goose -ormer NFL defensive lineman Tony Siragusa.
Three US soldiers were wounded, one of them critically, when Afghan guerrillas attacked their vehicle with rockets and guns, the US military said Monday.
The United States has stepped up its diplomatic response to Indonesia #39;s arrest of five executives of the American mining company Newmont for alleged pollution in the province of Sulawesi.
and often humorous -- side today, as it launches an advertising and marketing push designed to appeal to buyers #39; personal aspirations.
Richard Branson reinforced his reputation as an entrepreneurial showman on Monday by announcing a \$100m plan to send tourists into space.
In spite of the reports in media that selling music online is not as profitable a deal, as it looks like, there is no shortage of the new entrants.
The 13th patient to receive the world #39;s first fully implantable artificial heart died Sunday night after an unexpected malfunction in the device made by Abiomed Inc.
Sir Richard Branson, airline mogul and adventurer, announced plans yesterday to boldly go where no private transport company has gone before -- into space.
SAN FRANCISCO -- Barry Bonds hopes his random steroid test last week will remove suspicion that he uses performance-enhancing drugs.
The Tigers didn #39;t tear the cover off the ball Monday night. But compared to their previous two games -- both shutouts -- it was an offensive explosion.
Modern imaging techniques have revealed some new information about the earliest biblical passage ever found in ancient artifacts.
It is the body's internal chemicals and hormones that send diseases out to strut their stuff at night.
British researchers have trained dogs to detect bladder cancer by sniffing human urine, opening up the possibility that dogs may one day be used to detect the disease.
Despite objections from hospitals and the medical profession, doctors are prescribing placebos for all kinds of ailments.
Paleontologists have discovered a species of protorosaur, and they think the fossils hold the solution to the mystery of long-necked dinosaurs.
Liverpool coach Rafael Benitez is wary of Olympiakos duo Giovanni and Rivaldo.
The UN refugee chief is to have what could be stormy talks with Sudan officials after proposing autonomy for Darfur.
French rock star Bertrand Cantat, jailed in Lithuania for killing his lover, is going home to serve his sentence.
Thousands of angry pro-hunting protesters are to stage a rally at the Labour Party conference in Brighton.
Resellers may feel the Ingram Micro acquisition of Tech Pacific in the pocket as their credit lines could be cut in half once the two firms join.
Harrah #39;s Entertainment Inc. and Caesars Entertainment Inc. will sell an East Chicago riverboat casino and three other gambling resorts for \$1.
George C. Newstrom is quitting as Virginia #39;s secretary of technology, becoming the first departure from Gov. Mark R. Warner #39;s Cabinet.
It didnt happen at Fenway Park this year, though it was hard to believe the Red Sox werent the home team on Monday night. The 
The players #39; association filed a grievance yesterday seeking to overturn the Anaheim Angels #39; suspension of left fielder Jose Guillen.
A huge wall collapsed at an unfinished terminal at Dubai airport yesterday, killing at least eight workers and injuring more. Workers saw up to 40 casualties being taken away.
Loss-making German department store giant Karstadtquelle plans a major shake-up to try to haul itself back into profit, amid rumours of thousands of job cuts.
Three former bankers are due in court to face an extradition hearing in connection with the collapsed energy giant Enron.
Here is the fundamental question investors ask about individual companies and their stocks every day: What's this business really worth?
A row over intellectual property claims from Microsoft Corp. has dealt a fatal blow to an ambitious effort by Internet engineers to create a technical standard for curbing junk e-mail.
The Boston law firm Testa, Hurwitz  amp; Thibeault yesterday named F. George Davitt its managing partner.
A man who lived for 147 days on a mechanical heart made by Danvers-based Abiomed Inc. died because of complications related to the device, officials said yesterday.
They may never be mistaken for the boys from the Bronx as Boston #39;s archrivals. But the Devil Rays picked up last night where the Yankees 
An Arab-Israeli television producer for CNN was abducted at gunpoint by a group of Palestinians yesterday after being pulled from a network van in Gaza City.
New Albany -- An Indiana man who lived with an artificial heart for 147 days has died, the heart manufacturer said Monday. Abiomed Inc.
If ever a global takeover deserves to be shot down by Ottawa, the China Minmetals senseless plan to play games of global Monopoly with Noranda Inc.
P amp;O says it will cut up to 1,200 jobs and slash services as part of a review to reduce costs at its loss-making ferries business.
SPAM FIGHTING super hero software behemoth Microsoft has come up with a wizard way of stopping those who send spam from its free Hotmail accounts.
APPLE IS EXTENDING its warranty for Titanium and Aluminum 15-inch PowerBook G4 screens after users have started seeing spots before their eyes.
The Los Angeles Dodgers are closing in on their first playoff berth in eight years, and they #39;re not about to leave their chances to fate.
After Barry Zito gave up a tying three-run homer to Willie Bloomquist, the Oakland Athletics bounced back and maintained their one-game lead over Anaheim in the AL West.
Manchester United chief executive David Gill has called for the Champions League second group stage to be restored. Old Trafford boss Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsenal counterpart Arsene Wenger were among the 
Two US soldiers, including one from Carson, have been charged with murder in the death of an Iraqi civilian, the 1st Cavalry Division announced Monday.
This week, Sir Richard Branson announced his new company, Virgin Galactic, has the rights to the first commercial flights into space.
SEATTLE -- Small earthquakes at the rate of one or two a minute yesterday had seismologists keeping a close watch on Mount St. Helens.
The Transportation Security Administration last week moved forward with plans to test its new Secure Flight passenger-screening system.
AP - The Jordanian monarch said in an interview published Tuesday that elections in Iraq are impossible in the current chaos and that he sees no chances of improvement in the short term.
JENIN, West Bank - Israeli troops shot dead a mentally-ill Palestinian in the West Bank town of Jenin early on Tuesday, Palestinian security sources said.
UN refugee commissioner Ruud Lubbers is due to meet top Sudanese officials on Tuesday to discuss what the UN calls the world #39;s worst humanitarian crisis.
Michael Jackson's father, Joseph, is released from hospital after surgery to fix two bleeding stomach ulcers.
The MIAA Football Committee yesterday announced the sites that will host postseason football contests. There will be six doubleheaders Tuesday, Nov. 30 at Curry College 
 LONDON (Reuters) - Three-times winner Tiger Woods bids for  a third successive title at this week's WGC-American Express  Championship in Kilkenny, Ireland.
Chone Figgins and Troy Percival saved the Anaheim Angels, and gave them a little boost in the West race.
Barry Bonds hopes his random steroid test last week will remove suspicion that he uses performance-enhancing drugs.
The Connecticut Sun got a wake-up call Saturday when then were defeated by the Washington Mystics in the first game of their best-of-three WNBA Eastern Conference semifinal series.
The game came about because both sides had wants and needs. Boston College wanted a fifth home game; the University of Massachusetts needed to pump revenue into its cash-strapped football program.
Graphics card giants ATI and Nvidia are working on new chips to improve the quality of mobile displays.
In the latest of a flurry of deals among net providers, Claranet buys the UK wing of US business Via.Net Works.
Skip those large music companies that don't care about your music. Doing it yourself is easier and more affordable than ever.
Company also announces the Evolt E-300 Digital SLR and three new lenses.
The veteran relief pitcher was told by manager Terry Francona and pitching coach Dave Wallace prior to last night #39;s game against the Tampa Bay Devil Rays stats, schedule 
The price of crude oil surged above \$50 a barrel in after-hours trading yesterday, raising fears of an economic slowdown and higher prices at the gas pump.
Shipping giant P amp;O said Tuesday it was scrapping four of its 13 routes across the English Channel, with the loss of about 1,200 jobs.
but now it may need a complete remodeling. Formally known as the Federal National Mortgage Association, the federally chartered company 
NASA says Hurricane Jeanne caused minimal damage to the Kennedy Space Center. But the storm put space shuttle workers even further behind in their effort to resume.
After discovering that the magic number formula had played tricks on them, the Red Sox stats, schedule went out last night and defeated the Tampa Bay Devil Rays stats 
 The Angels are applauded for making a stand, for sending a message, for demonstrating there are consequences when a player refuses to play the game the way it should be played.
Pakistani officials declared an important victory against al-Qaida yesterday after police shot dead Amjad Farooqi, who was suspected of roles in the execution of Wall 
Second in a series leading up to this weeks presidential debate, which is to focus on foreign policy. The grinding conflict between Israel and the Palestinians is the foreign policy equivalent of a black hole.
The latest weapon to protect dwindling elephant populations from poachers is a genetic map which can trace the origins of ivory, it emerged today.
Imperial College London researchers in the UK are developing a new way of storing data that could lead to discs capable of holding 1,000 gigabytes.
IBM (Quote, Chart) said it would spend a quarter of a billion dollars over the next year and a half to grow its RFID (define) business.
com. The Chicago Cubs opened a one-game lead in the National League Wild Card standings with a 12-5 victory Monday night over the Cincinnati Reds at Wrigley Field.
Researchers in London are developing DVDs that could hold 100 times more data than current discs.
Reuters - Palestinian security forces were on\Tuesday searching for an Israeli Arab producer for CNN\television who was kidnapped by gunmen in the Gaza Strip.
Reuters - Israeli troops shot dead an\unarmed mentally handicapped Palestinian during a raid on\Tuesday on a West Bank refugee camp on the fourth anniversary\of a Palestinian uprising.
AFP - A British backpacker slain in Australia called her boyfriend an hour before her death and sounded happy, a court heard.
 GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian security forces were on  Tuesday searching for an Israeli Arab producer for CNN  television who was kidnapped by gunmen in the Gaza Strip.
TORONTO - Crude oil prices hit an all-time high Tuesday, pushing past the psychological barrier of \$50 US per barrel during Asian trading.
Sir Richard Branson may want to send people into space, but first he #39;ll have to grasp how to get his Virgin trains to arrive and leave anywhere on time.
STORM 64, LYNX 54: At Seattle - Lauren Jackson scored 18 points and Seattle advanced to the Western Conference finals with a victory over Minnesota on Monday night.
Two British soldiers have been killed following an ambush on a convoy near the southern Iraqi city of Basra on Tuesday morning, a Ministry of Defence spokesman said.
DAVID BECKHAM and Michael Owen could miss Real Madrid #39;s Champions League clash with Roma tonight as their Bernabeu nightmare goes from bad to worse.
LOS ANGELES (Ticker) -- The Los Angeles Dodgers  #39; hold on the National League West Division lead got a little more secure thanks to Milton Bradley .
Surfers Paradise and Mexico -- remaining on the Champ Car circuit this year, is the former bastion of American open-wheel racing finally out of gas?
PalmSource has completed development of Palm Cobalt, the first version of its handheld operating system designed specifically for smartphones.
Real Madrid president Florentino Perez said new coach Mariano Garcia Remon will be allowed time to make his presence felt and was under no pressure to obtain instant success.
Israeli troops shot dead an unarmed mentally handicapped Palestinian during a raid on Tuesday on a West Bank refugee camp on the fourth anniversary of a Palestinian uprising.
Microsoft will argue that the market for media players is much more varied than the European Commission claims when the two meet in court at the end of the week.
Virgin Airlines has outclassed its counterparts once again by announcing that, by 2006, passengers will be able to travel to space aboard the Virgin Galactic spaceship.
SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - A new government report indicates that offshore outsourcing could hurt IT employment growth over the next decade.
Consolidation in the security sector continued last week as three firms planned a merger to form a new security giant offering global services.
28 September 2004 -- Jordanian King Abdullah II said in an interview today that elections in Iraq are  quot;impossible quot; amid the continuing insecurity.
A genetic test that can determine the origin of ivory could help combat the illegal trade in elephant tusks and their products.
The scientists who cloned Dolly the sheep apply to use cloned human embryos to study motor neurone disease.
Three former NatWest bankers are due in a UK court to face an extradition hearing in connection with the collapsed energy giant Enron.
Citigroup said yesterday that Sallie L. Krawcheck, the former equity analyst recruited to the bank to clean up its research department, would become its chief financial officer.
Russia is the fourth nation to participate in Microsoft Corp #39;s Windows XP Starter Edition pilot program, for first-time PC users in developing technology markets.
Bobby Crosby was confident he could get the job done as he approached the plate with the bases loaded in the bottom of the ninth inning on Monday night.
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has ordered his security services to help secure the release of a CNN producer kidnapped by Palestinian militants in Gaza.
AP - The Los Angeles Dodgers are closing in on their first playoff berth in eight years, and they're not about to leave their chances to fate.
AP - Alan Nero is acquiring the company of fellow baseball agent Tommy Tanzer in the latest consolidation in the industry.
On-demand viewing isn't just for TiVo owners anymore. Television over internet protocol, or TVIP, offers custom programming over standard copper wires.
An affiliate of Colony Capital has agreed to buy four properties from Caesars Entertainment Inc. and Harrah #39;s Entertainment Inc.
It says the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida, lost some external panels from its vehicle assembly building in the storm, but overall damage was minimal.
PARIS - Elections in Iraq are impossible to organize under the current violence, Jordan #39;s King Abdullah II warned in an interview published Tuesday.
A genetic test that can be used to determine the origin of poached ivory could help combat the illegal trade in elephant tusks and their products.
Cisco Systems has expanded its range of Catalyst switching products and services with the launch of offerings specifically targeted at small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs).
The scientist who created Dolly the Sheep at Edinburgh #39;s Roslin Institute wants to clone human embryos to help find a cure for motor neurone disease.
Peer-to-peer technology has been used to create an e-mail network said to be free of spam, viruses and snoopers.
Greg Kramer, author of The Sims 2: Prima Official Game Guide, will be online to talk about the latest release of the video game.
A stream of interstellar helium atoms almost as hot as the surface of the Sun is blowing through the solar system. 
The California-based group has challenged the European Commissions finding from March that Microsoft abused its dominance of PC operating systems, but its top counsel said negotiations remained the preferred course.
Three British bankers indicted in Texas on fraud charges involving Enron Corp. appeared in a London court Tuesday for an extradition hearing.
Jordanian monarch warns elections in violence-ravaged Iraq are impossible in current state of insecurity. By Hugh Schofield - PARIS.
Palestinian militant group Hamas vowed Tuesday to keep up its armed resistance against Israeli occupation in the West Bank and Gaza.
Newspaper reports the coffee giant will raise the average drink price by 11 cents a cup. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Coffee shop giant Starbucks Corp.
Arsenal take their Champions League hopes to Norway on Wednesday, looking for another three points from Rosenborg Trondheim that would put them firmly on track to reach the knockout phase.
There were countless outings for Sidney Ponson earlier in the year when a slow start roiled into a disastrous outing. He would simply feel the game slipping from 
India #39;s Supreme Court has disappointed visitors by banning night celebrations at the Taj Mahal to mark its 350th anniversary, citing security concerns.
Sir Richard Branson has kick-started a new space race, with plans to start tourist trips to the edge of the atmosphere. But are we ready for holidays at the final frontier?
Sol Campbell is ready to take his place in the Arsenal defence for Wednesdays Champions League clash with Rosenborg in Norway. The England centre-back showed no ill effects after returning from an Achilles 
Hospitals and health officials across Thailand have been placed on high alert to monitor for any cases of human-to-human transmission of the deadly bird flu virus.
&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Not so keen on 'spam-free' email plans
&lt;strong&gt;Site offer&lt;/strong&gt; Save 30 on thousands of other great titles
Just five weeks before election day, federal legislators are increasingly casting doubt on electronic voting terminals and demanding that touchscreen computers produce paper records.
A row over intellectual property claims from Microsoft Corp. has dealt a fatal blow to an ambitious effort by Internet engineers to create a technical standard for curbing junk e-mail.
Powerhouses such as Wal-Mart will be in Baltimore this week to influence the development of radio frequency identification.
SecureWave exec Dennis Szerszen warns that the convenient port is also a vulnerability that could cost your company dearly.
Virgin Atlantic honcho Richard Branson yesterday announced plans to boldly go where no airline company has gone before - outer space.
Earlier than scheduled, Microsoft Corp. has gone public with its announcement of its third open-source code contribution to SourceForge.
Olympic inspectors will visit Madrid first in their whistle-stop tour next year of bid cities hoping to stage the 2012 Games. The Spanish capital will be followed by London, New York, Paris 
Toshiba Corp. plans to begin commercial production of its 0.85-inch hard disk drive before the end of this year, the company said on Tuesday.
LONDON, England -- Oil prices have surged to historic levels as a threat of civil war in Nigeria adds to concerns over tight global supplies.
Real Madrid playmaker Zinedine Zidane will return to the side for the UEFA Champions League Group B clash with Roma on Tuesday night.
By now, reality should have set in for Roy Jones Jr. and his brain cleared enough to realize his sometimes brilliant career is over.
Arsenals England defender Sol Campbell is relishing the prospect of facing Rosenborg tonight in the Champions League after playing his first match of an injury-delayed season at Manchester City last Saturday.
Manchester United chief executive David Gill has called for the Champions League second group stage to be restored. Old Trafford boss Alex Ferguson and Arsenal counterpart Arsene Wenger were among the major 
Egypt said Tuesday that Iraqi kidnappers had freed one Egyptian hostage and were expected to release three others shortly. The holding company that employed the four hostages confirmed that 
AP - Russian space officials said Tuesday technical glitches would further delay the launch of a spacecraft to carry a replacement crew to the international space station.
AP - The list of 23 fellows announced by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation. Each will receive  #36;500,000 over five years:
Israeli troops shoot dead a mentally ill Palestinian during a raid in Jenin refugee camp in the West Bank.
One of India's best known novelists and short-story writers, Mulk Raj Anand,  dies at the age of 99.
U.S. forces have captured the leader of a suspected militant cell during a raid in the northern Iraqi town of Kirkuk, the U.S. military said on Tuesday.
The German finance minister, Hans Eichel, today warned that global growth would be at risk if oil prices remained at their current levels.
AP - The Boston Red Sox clinched a playoff berth on Monday by beating the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-3.
GLENCOFFE Johnson sent world boxing into shock as he demolished superstar ring master Roy Jones but one fighter who hardly registered surprise was Sheffield #39;s Clinton Woods.
Palestinian security men Tuesday sought CNN producer Riad Ali who was kidnapped in Gaza by gunmen Monday evening on a busy street.
Two days after Pakistani officials announced the death of Amjad Farooqi, the circumstances surrounding the killing of the person who is being billed as the country #39;s most wanted 
AP - San Francisco at San Diego (10:05 p.m. EDT). Jason Schmidt goes for his 17th win against Brian Lawrence and the Padres.
AP - United States team captain Claudio Reyna will probably miss the next two World Cup qualifiers because of an injured left quadriceps.
AP - Seville will host the Davis Cup final between Spain and the United States in December, with the matches played on a clay court.
Microsoft Corp. and Amazon.com Inc. filed one joint and several separate lawsuits on Monday against companies and individuals accusing them variously of trying to defraud 
Scientists working at London #39;s Imperial College have come up with a way of radically increasing the storage capacity of optical discs.
Two new switches from Cisco demonstrate a sweeping change in the company #39;s assumptions about the technical knowledge of network managers.
We look forward to the day when renewable energy accounts for a quarter, half or even three-fourths of Colorado #39;s electricity supplies.
Professor Danny Mills of Lincoln University will predominantly study the behaviour of dogs, cats and horses and see how their anxieties can be solved.
The maker of Palm operating systems for handheld computers plans to introduce Tuesday its first version designed specifically for so-called smart phones.
Fannie Mae, the largest US mortgage buyer, may slow purchases of home loans to meet its regulator #39;s demand to boost capital, hurting earnings prospects.
About one million customers remained without power in Florida early Tuesday after Hurricane Jeanne tore through the state over the weekend, according to two of Florida #39;s largest utilities.
DNA from seized ivory could help conservationists and police identify hotspots where elephants are in particular danger from poachers.
Adobe is currently trying to push a new image format standard to solve many of the problems associated with the plethora of camera hardware and the differing formats they use for storing images.
Cisco has released a new line of switches and services for small and medium sized businesses aimed at helping companies with 100 to 1000 employees deploy converged voice 
Fish was leading Karatchenia, 3-0, when play was stopped due to rain...The United States will meet Spain in the Davis Cup final from December 3-5.
Pakistan says 11 alleged militants have been arrested since security forces killed leading al-Qaeda suspect Amjad Farooqi on Sunday.
AP - Cutting class just got harder but schools are safer thanks to computer chips that help track students, Japanese officials say.
Reuters - As many as half of the Viagra\anti-impotence pills sold on the Internet could be counterfeit,\British scientists said on Tuesday.
PC World - New Simple Start Edition accounting software targets small businesses still using pencil and paper.
AP - Maine's urchin season has barely begun  #151; and it's already almost over.
AP - A spacecraft orbiting Mars photographed one of NASA's rovers and its tracks on the surface, the space agency said Monday.
Reuters - Even the King of Beasts needs a hand\staying alive in his own domain.
Sir Richard Branson, founder of the Virgin Group, today announced the launch of Virgin Digital, which will enter an increasingly competitive market for digital downloads.
Millions of Hotmail users face having to pay to access their messages using the Outlook e-mail program.
Man Utd boss Sir Alex Ferguson is debating whether to start with Wayne Rooney against Fenerbahce.
HOUSTON - International space station crew members may have to abandon the outpost later this year if astronauts can #39;t fix oxygen supply problems, a NASA official said.
MANCHESTER, England - United States team captain Claudio Reyna will probably miss the next two World Cup qualifiers because of an injured left quadriceps.
AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova beat Emmanuelle Gagliardi of Switzerland 6-1, 6-3 Tuesday in the first round of the Korea Open.
Bank of America signs a deal to deploy 180,000 Cisco IP telephones nationwide over the next three years.
SYDNEY : BHP Billiton said it had struck a 3.2 billion US dollar deal to supply four Chinese steel companies with iron ore over the next decade.
Empire Electric #39;s 15,000 member-owners may be able to get all or part of their electricity from renewable sources starting in January.
Trondheim - Arsenal go into their Champions League clash with Norwegian champions Rosenborg on Wednesday looking to melt away the memories of their last visits to chilly climes.
Oil prices raced to new record highs above \$50 on Tuesday as rebel threats against Nigerian oil facilities threatened to inflict further strain on global supplies.
Technical problems have prompted a further delay to the blast-off of a Russian spacecraft to the International Space Station, space officials said on Tuesday.
Staff Sgt. Johnny Horne, Jr., and Staff Sgt. Cardenas Alban have been charged with murder in the death of an Iraqi, the 1st Cavalry Division announced Monday.
Ziff Davis - Could problems with Microsoft's GotDotNet Workspaces be prompting Microsoft to release more code to SourceForge?
Reuters - U.S. consumer confidence edged lower\in September for a second straight month as persistent worries\about the job market weighed on sentiment, a report on Tuesday\said.
ChevronTexaco says its Tengizchevroil venture has not been sent a \$2.5bn back-tax bill from the Kazakh government.
The price of oil finally broke through the \$50-a-barrel mark today, a milestone never seen before.
Two diamonds worth over \$14 million were robbed mid-afternoon from an antique dealers #39; show at the Paris Louvre museum yesterday.
NSW Rugby CEO Fraser Neill believes Waratah star Mat Rogers has learned his lesson after he was fined and ordered to do community service following his controversial comments about the club rugby competition.
NEW YORK Sept. 28, 2004 - Consumer confidence declined in September for the second consecutive month, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday.
Mexico #39;s Cemex has helped RMC Group #39;s shareholders to salsa their way out of debt that weighed like concrete boots. Photo: Rick Stevens.
Hollinger Inc., the scandal-plagued parent of newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc., Tuesday said it increased the number of independent directors on its board to five from three.
Virgin is all over the map. Yesterday morning, Sir Richard Branson introduced to the world that he was ready to make astronauts of us all by 2007.
The Internet may have forever changed the music business, but online downloads will keep playing second fiddle to compact discs for at least the next five years.
AT amp;T Wireless Services launched a mobile e-mail and messaging device without voice service on Monday, aiming to use a low price to tempt young consumers.
On 21 September 2004, Betrusted and TruSecure announced that they will merge, creating a privately held IT security company called Cybertrust.
(Sports Network) - The Anaheim Angels and Texas Rangers will continue their battle for the division crown this evening, as they continue a four-game series at Ameriquest Field.
Please read second paragraph as  quot;Lyle, 46, told television programme Scotland Today quot; instead of  quot;daily newspaper Scotland Today quot;.
The Catholic church in Spain yesterday attacked government plans to legalise gay marriage, saying it would be like releasing a  quot;virus quot; into Spanish society.
After overnight riots, thousands of people in Lebanon staged a protest following the death in custody of a suspected Al-Qaeda activist arrested for alleged bomb plots against Western embassies.
Consumer confidence dipped for the second straight month in September, as Americans remained concerned about the employment situation, according to a survey by the Conference Board.
Citing higher prices of coffee and sugar, Starbucks says it will raise the average price of its drinks by eleven cents at all 45-hundred stores in North America.
LONDON -- The compact disc has at least another five years as the most popular music format before online downloads chip away at its dominance, a new study said on Tuesday.
LONDON - The compact disc has at least another five years as the most popular music format before online downloads chip away at its dominance, a new study said on Tuesday.
US consumer confidence edged lower again in September after falling in August, as persistent worries about the job market weighed on sentiment, a report on Tuesday said.
Stocks turned higher Tuesday, sending the Dow Jones industrial average back above the 10,000 mark, as investors shrugged off rising energy prices and focused instead on good corporate news.
AP - Consumer confidence declined in September for the second consecutive month, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday.
Consumer confidence declined in September for the second consecutive month, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday.
Stocks opened higher today, with beaten down shares offering bargains to investors and oil producer stocks bolstered by higher crude oil prices.
Comcast and Time Warner yesterday announced they will make a joint bid for Adelphia Communications, jumping to the front of the pack in the widely watched auction for the No.
As Boeing Co gears up for its all-new 7E7 airliner, arch rival Airbus may already be putting 7E7 orders and supplier cost-sharing 
A day after returning from his visit to the University of Michigan, Price gave a verbal commitment to play basketball for the Wolverines on Monday afternoon.
PC World - Images posted in news groups may install remote control software on vulnerable PCs.
Reuters - An asteroid named for a Celtic god\of war will come as close to Earth this week as it has since\1353.
AP - Details of a new television ad from President Bush to begin airing Tuesday:
Andrew Flintoff and Marcus Trescothick will miss England's controversial tour of Zimbabwe.
Jose Carlos dos Reis Encina, once Brazil's most notorious drug lords, was gunned down on a major avenue Thursday, police said.
Online retailer Amazon and Microsoft have teamed up to sue a Canadian spamming operation the companies allege is responsible for sending millions of forged e-mails claiming to have come from Amazon.
Bundesliga club Schalke 04 named former Stuttgart and Hanover coach Ralf Rangnick as their new trainer on Tuesday in succession to Jupp Heynckes.
AP - Bob Mitinger, a linebacker for the San Diego Chargers in the 1960s, died at 64.
Tony Blair today urged Labour to unite behind a radical third-term agenda as he sought to heal party wounds over Iraq. The Prime Minister said that he realized the war in Iraq had divided 
IN a rare display of common interest, Palestinian and Israeli officials called yesterday for the freeing of a CNN producer seized by armed men in the Gaza Strip.
King Abdullah of Jordan, one of the United States key allies in the Middle East, has come out strongly against holding elections in Iraq in January.
BRITISH hostage Kenneth Bigley was made to watch a video showing the beheading of one of his American friends before he begged Tony Blair to save his life.
Prime Minister Tony Blair has committed a future Labour government to providing broadband access for all during a next term of office.
After the political crisis at the beginning of the year and the torrential rains last May, Haiti has been hit by tropical storm, Jeanne.
Why go slowly? "You can burn a lot of money in China very fast," a top executive says.
Company will begin production on sub-1-inch hard drive later this year.
Images posted in news groups may install remote control software on vulnerable PCs.
TONY JONES: Unions and asbestos victims have accused the James Hardie Board of protecting the chief architects of its underfunded compensation trust.
One of the drawing points for Microsoft #39;s free Hotmail service has been its tight integration with its Outlook e-mail and PIM client.
China turned out a great surprise in the 12-day-long 12th Paralympic Games which closed here on Tuesday, topping the gold medal tally with 63.
PC World - Slim Dimension desktop features an 8-in-1 memory card reader.
A minority of analysts say oil is way too high and prices could tumble -- but will they? by Mark Gongloff, CNN/Money senior writer.
US consumer confidence edged lower again in September after falling in August, as persistent worries about the job market weighed on sentiment, a report on Tuesday said.
Philadelphia #39;s Comcast and Time Warner are considering a bid to buy bankrupt Adelphia Communications, the New York Times reported Tuesday.
Priced at about US\$36, the Starter Edition gives users limited options and features, compared to the standard Windows version. Microsoft hopes the low price will help it compete in Russia 
Toshiba is releasing four new portable digital music devices - one boasting a 60GB capacity - to rival Apple #39;s iPod and iPod mini.
Blackburn Rovers are poised to sign French World Cup winner Youri Djorkaeff, who was released by Bolton in the close-season, the English Premiership soccer club said.
TAIPEI : Taiwan Foreign Minister Mark Chen has lashed out at Singapore over remarks by the Republic #39;s own Foreign Minister George Yeo at the United Nations.
According to several baseball officials, District residents could learn on Thursday that Major League Baseball plans to return to the national capital next season.
Reuters - New Jersey guard\Jason Kidd is expected to make his season debut Monday, when\the Nets host the Toronto Raptors at Continental Airlines\Arena.
AFP - Northern Afghan warlord General Abdul Rashid Dostam held the biggest rally of Afghanistan's presidential campaign with a gathering of thousands in his northern home town.
AP - The Supreme Court agreed Tuesday to decide if political parties can open their primaries to all voters, in a constitutional challenge to Oklahoma's voting system.
The surface of CDs and DVDs are made up of microscopic grooves filled with areas known as pits and land regions, which carry the information.
Motorola Inc. will cut 1,000 jobs worldwide and take a charge of \$50 million for severance benefits, officials said Tuesday.
Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain apologized for flawed intelligence but not for removing Saddam Hussein.
A team of computer industry veterans including a former Microsoft executive are launching an open-source company that aims to be the Dell of the software industry.
washingtonpost.com - The Internet may have forever changed the music business, but online downloads will keep playing second fiddle to compact discs for at least the next five years.
Cisco Systems has released a suite of new Cisco Catalyst switching products and services specifically designed and priced for small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs).
Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - The United States and Spain will play their 2004 Davis Cup final on a clay court at Olympic Stadium in Seville, from December 3-5.
Top seed Roger Federer toiled to beat battling Frenchman Nicolas Thomann and reach the second round of the Thailand Open on Tuesday.
The Los Angeles Dodgers hope to move a step closer to clinching the NL West when they continue their four-game series with the Colorado Rockies.
The European Commission was wrong to block the proposed \$120 billion merger four years ago between MCI WorldCom and Sprint, a European court ruled today.
roundup Plus: Credit union beefs up database security...Computer scientists slam e-voting machines..."The Sims 2" hits 1 million sales.
Peter Blackmore, who lost his job at Hewlett-Packard in August, is now a director of the board for the Swedish software company.
A former Microsoft executive and other tech bigwigs fund SourceLabs, an open-source start-up focused on maintenance and support.
September 28, 2004 -- Michael Powell, chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, plans to hold a vote this year on a proposal to require US television broadcasters such as Viacom Inc.
LONDON, Sep 28 (SW) - Arsenal FCs Brazilian midfielder Gilberto has been ruled out of action for no less than a month with a back injury.
Tony Blair has offered his Labour party a partial apology for waging war in Iraq, striving to pull angry supporters behind him ahead of an election next year.
Infected pictures that could implant a back door into a Windows computer have been spotted on Usenet.
Motorola Inc. is laying off 1,000 employees in conjunction with its upcoming chip unit spinoff and ongoing efforts to reduce operating costs, the company said Tuesday in a regulatory filing.
New line of flash memory cards will transfer data twice as fast as current cards.
AFP - An Olympic Airlines plane bound for New York was diverted to Ireland following a bomb alert, just three days after the Greek carrier was rocked by a similar incident, airport officials said.
AP - A weekly newspaper that bills itself as President Bush's hometown paper endorsed John Kerry for president, saying the Massachusetts senator will restore American dignity.
Centene Corp. has agreed to buy FirstGuard Inc. from Swope Community Enterprises for about \$93 million in cash and enter the Missouri and Kansas markets.
Delta Air Lines Inc. said it will cut pay 10 percent for executives and most other employees to help reduce costs as the company tries to avoid filing for bankruptcy protection.
The five top US defense contractors, communications companies joined on Tuesday with some European rivals to develop technology standards that will allow better communication among future weapons systems.
The compact disc has at least another five years as the most popular music format before online downloads chip away at its dominance, a new study said on Tuesday.
PalmSource has been busy lately, and has now announced updates to both of its OS lines as well as a new web browser and OTA installer.
London, England (Sports Network) - Arsenal midfielder Gilberto Silva will be shut down for at least one month as he attempts to recover from a back injury.
Major League Baseball is set to confirm that the Montreal Expos will move to Washington for the 2005 season, according to reports.
(Sports Network) - The Colorado Rockies continue a four-game series versus the NL West-leading Los Angeles Dodgers tonight at Dodger Stadium.
AP - NBA referees have entered into a five-year collective bargaining agreement with the league, removing the possibility of having replacement officials work the upcoming season.
AP - The soccer federations of France, Italy and the Netherlands will be disciplined by FIFA, which cited them for being lax on drug infractions.
India News  gt; Paris, Sept 28 : Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf has said that the ongoing peace process with India was encouraging.
 ROME (Reuters) - Italy revved its marketing engine on  Tuesday with the unveiling of two frosty-faced mascots for the  2006 Winter Olympics.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks gained on Tuesday as  rising oil and other commodity prices drove up shares of major  energy and metal producers.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks edged higher on Tuesday as  rising oil and other commodity prices drove up shares of major  energy and metal producers.
Scientists led by Samuel Wasser of the University of Washington collected manure samples in areas inhabited by African elephants. The geneticists isolated DNA from the manure and transferred it into the database.
Amazon.com and Microsoft Tuesday announced that they had joined forces to put spammers and phishing scammers in new legal crosshairs.
The CD will stay the most popular music format until at least the end of the decade when digital music will begin to challenge its crown, says a new survey.
NEW YORK -- NBA referees have entered into a five-year collective bargaining agreement with the league, removing the possibility of having replacement officials work the upcoming season.
Two cartoon characters named Neve and Gliz, representing a ball of snow and block of ice, are the mascot for the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics.
Bargain hunting is sending stock prices higher even as oil futures top 50 dollars per barrel. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 29 points in today #39;s early going.
Sales of downloaded digital music in Europe will continue to grow steadily in the next five years, but will not replace the CD anytime soon.
A group of 28 IT, defense and integration companies formed a new consortium to develop technology standards and guidelines that will aid collaboration among military, intelligence, homeland security and law enforcement agencies.
America Online is building alliances with mobile phone manufacturers and wireless carriers in an effort to build its share of the emerging mobile instant-messaging market.
How about an embedded processor that #39;s designed to deliver a quantum leap in performance and system bandwidth while keeping power in check?
David Beckham has recovered from a virus and is expected to take his place in the Real Madrid starting line-up for tonight #39;s Champions League Group B clash with AS Roma.
Two cartoon characters named Neve and Gliz, representing a ball of snow and block of ice, are the mascot for the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics.
ROME - Two cartoon characters named Neve and Gliz, representing a ball of snow and block of ice, are the mascot for the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics.
Ralf Rangnick was named head coach of Schalke on Tuesday, taking over the German Bundesliga team from Jupp Heynkes, who was sacked two weeks ago.
The violence in the occupied territories continued Tuesday as Israeli troops shot dead an unarmed Palestinian described by witnesses as mentally handicapped.
The airline also announced today that it was increasing the shared cost of health care coverage and as part of its plan to avoid bankruptcy.
The company's stock has had a rough few months, but the business still looks strong.
A guaranteed check for life is a beautiful thing. Unfortunately, that beauty is fading.
The CD will remain the dominant format for music distribution in Europe at least until the end of the decade, according to a new study.
Israeli diplomatic and other missions abroad have raised their alert levels in response to threats after the assassination of Hamas terrorist Iz a Din al-Sheikh Khalil in Damascus Sunday.
FT.com - Shares in Virgin Mobile fell back below July's float price on Tuesday as analysts and investors interpreted a trading update from the company as a surprise revenue warning.
&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; I ordered ProLiant servers, but all I got was this lousy fan
Wayne Rooney will have to improve considerably on his showing last season if he is to make an impact at Manchester United, according to the Actim Index.
India orders an investigation into reports it may have received contaminated blood from Britain.
A U.K. survey finds little money left over for new investment, and that Linux is not leaving its mark on the desktop.
Retail powerhouses such as Wal-Mart gather in Baltimore to push development of controversial tagging technology.
Dell's new servers, which use 96-port TS270 switch and other networking equipment, will be available by Oct. 31, Dell said.
In a move designed to hone in on its wireless business and reduce operating costs, Motorola is handing out 1,000 pink slips and will take a charge of \$50 million.
The Securities and Exchange Commission is scrutinizing biotechnology companies as part of a wider effort to ensure that companies don #39;t mislead investors 
Freescale, Motorola #39;s semiconductor subsidiary until July of this year, announced first details about its dual-core core strategy for the e600 PowerPC platform.
AP - Cartoon characters named Neve and Gliz, representing a ball of snow and a block of ice, are the mascots for the 2006 Turin Olympics.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho believes he has no advantage over new Porto boss Vitor Fernandez despite having led the Portuguese side to Champions League victory last season.
New versions of SpamKiller and personal firewall aim to hook phishers, as online fraud continues to grow.
The company plans to make available an API that lets Palm OS-powered devices work with BlackBerry wireless e-mail services.
The silver-haired set is a growing yet elusive demographic for IT product engineers and Web site designers.
NBA referees have entered into a five-year collective bargaining agreement with the league, removing the possibility of having replacement officials work the upcoming season.
Oil prices soared to a new record above \$50 yesterday as uncertainties over Nigerian output heightened worries of a severe supply disruption ahead of winter.
Two Italian aid workers have been released, three weeks after being kidnapped in Baghdad. Also free are two Iraqis abducted at the same time.
THERE is eerie nervousness in oil and financial markets amid fears over oil supply as prices are edging towards \$50 (around Rs 2,298) a barrel mark.
 quot;This is the right acquisition at the right time for Cemex, quot; says Lorenzo Zambrano, chairman and chief executive of Cemex.
American Financial Realty Trust on Tuesday agreed to acquire 252 commercial properties from Bank of America NA for a total price of about \$570 million excluding unspecified transaction expenses.
Half of the Viagra sold over the Internet -- often via spam-style blastings that plague mailboxes worldwide -- is fake, a British researcher said Tuesday.
Two female Italian hostages seized in Baghdad three weeks ago have been freed on Tuesday and are safe, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi says.
The Spanish government #39;s plans to legalize same-sex marriage was lambasted by the Roman Catholic Church, the BBC reported Tuesday.
roundup Plus: Ex-HP exec joins StreamServe board...Credit union beefs up database security...Computer scientists slam e-voting machines.
A U.K. survey finds that little money is left over for new IT investment and that Linux is not leaving its mark on the desktop.
Motorola Inc. plans to eliminate 1,000 jobs in the spinoff of its semiconductor unit, the company said Tuesday in a filing with government regulators.
The new model of Research In Motion's popular BlackBerry e-mail device includes a quad-band phone and Bluetooth.
The Modern Maturity set is a growing yet elusive demographic for IT product engineers and Web site designers.
Two female Italian hostages seized in Baghdad three weeks ago were set free on Tuesday along with kidnapped Iraqis and Egyptians in a flurry of releases, but 
Euro Disney SCA said Tuesday its lenders have agreed unanimously to extend a debt plan designed to keep the troubled theme park operator afloat.
The British scientist who created Dolly the sheep, has applied for a licence to clone human embryos in the hope of finding a cure for motor neurone disease.
Analysts said the smartphone enhancements hold the potential to bring PalmSource into an expanding market that still has room despite early inroads by Symbian and Microsoft.
All three models to be released use a 1.8-inch hard drive that can hold up to 2,500, 5,000 and 15,000 pieces of music, respectively.
Ninety-six days after his last competitive game Wayne Rooney was handed his Manchester United debut in tonights Champions League clash with Fenerbahce.
Athens - Runner-up to the United States by a handful of gold medals at the Athens Olympics, China was the big winner at the Paralympics.
Police on Tuesday released two sisters of the alleged al-Qaida leader in Lebanon who died of a heart attack in custody, security officials said.
Treasury Secretary John Snow said on Tuesday that, notwithstanding weaker consumer confidence, he did not think the US economy was at risk of a slowdown.
Teenager Wayne Rooney has scored twice in the first 28 minutes of his debut for Manchester United in their Champions League Group D match against Fenerbahce of Turkey at Old Trafford.
The organisers of the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics unveiled the event #39;s mascots on Tuesday, a friendly snowball called Neve and her playful ice cube partner Gliz.
Palestinian gunmen have released an Israeli Arab producer working for the CNN television network who was kidnapped yesterday in the Gaza Strip.
The deal would end a daring experiment by the nation's airlines, which created Orbitz as a competitor to Expedia and online ticketing sites like it.
Defense wants to remake the armed services, and one of the critical tools would be a global, common networking architecture for US forces.
As many as half of the Viagra anti-impotence pills sold on the Internet could be counterfeit, British scientists said on Tuesday. They analyzed samples of Viagra sold 
McNair spent the past two nights in the hospital after bruising his breastbone late in the Titans #39; 15-12 loss to Jacksonville on Sunday.
A multi-million pound security operation today failed to prevent dramatic protests marring Tony Blairs Labour conference speech.
NewsFactor - Over the course of this series, CRM Daily is looking at areas that tend to develop into financial black holes for companies launching or updating a CRM project.
Reuters - The release of two Italian women aid\workers in Iraq was greeted with joy and relief on Tuesday\following three weeks of anguish in Italy over their abduction.
AFP - Four bombs that went off simultaneously in separate Turkish cities targeting British and US interests caused material damage and left one man slightly injured, Anatolia news agency reported.
AFP - The United States urged North Korea to stop boasting about its nuclear weapons capability and return to the negotiating table to resolve the nuclear crisis in the Korean peninsula.
AP - A Republican Senate candidate in South Carolina has reprimanded a campaign staffer for a derogatory comment she made about lesbians in an e-mail.
 ROME (Reuters) - The release of two Italian women aid  workers in Iraq was greeted with joy and relief on Tuesday  following three weeks of anguish in Italy over their abduction.
Two Italian women held hostage in Iraq for three weeks were freed today, Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy announced.
OAKLAND, Calif. - The Oakland Athletics are used to pressure-packed pennant races...
The US Securities and Exchange Commission said on Tuesday it brought fraud and insider trading charges against former top executives of bankrupt credit card issuer NextCard Inc.
AP - The Oakland Athletics are used to pressure-packed pennant races. It's their sub-par September that's the shocker.
AP - Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair was released from the hospital Tuesday morning after a two-night stay with a bruised sternum.
The launch of the Russian spacecraft carrying a replacement crew for the international space station was delayed for the second time in two weeks Tuesday, raising questions about whether 
AP - Vijay Singh has one month to put the final touches on what already is a masterpiece.
Description: NPR #39;s Alex Chadwick talks to Colin Brown, deputy political editor for the United Kingdom #39;s Independent newspaper, currently covering the British Labour Party Conference.
AP - The Philadelphia Eagles had talent. Now they have swagger and personality, too.
New center pits supercomputing, advanced math, data mining and management consulting against business problems.
Firms sign joint development, marketing deal for integrated product expected next year.
Trojan horse that exploits flaw in how Windows handles JPEG images may be low risk, but it's a bad omen.
The same laser that writes your latest music mix will etch a label onto the other side of special discs.
Shoring up its fourth-quarter applications revenuesand its small and midmarket business strategyOracle Corp. announced Monday the North American version of its E-Business Suite Special Edition.
London, England (Sports Network) - Disappointing Porto will meet a confident Chelsea side led by its former coach at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday as Matchday 2 continues.
Prime Minister Tony Blair faced angry protests as he urged his party to set aside its differences over Iraq and seize the chance of an historic third term in power.
Continued job worries resulted in an unexpected decline in consumer confidence in September, the second consecutive monthly dip, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday.
IXI Mobile and AT amp;T Wireless have launched a text-centric device aimed at those who keep their fingers moving, and a surprising price.
com September 27, 2004, 5:02 PM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Phil Craven, head of the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) told a press conference he was very upbeat about the Games.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair has remained defiant at a Labour Party annual conference, but admitted that some mistakes had been made over the war in Iraq.
THE last two Egyptian telecom employees held hostage in Iraq had been freed, Al-Arabiya television reported today, quoting its own correspondent.
ARSENAL #39;S Brazilian World Cup winning midfielder Gilberto Silva is set to be out for at least a month with a back injury, the Premiership leaders said.
The last two Egyptian workers of an Egyptian telecom company kidnapped earlier this month in Iraq were released, Dubai-based Al Arabiya television said on Tuesday.
Russian cosmonaut Salizhan Sharipov and US astronaut Leroy Chiao were due to leave on October 11th aboard a Soyuz space craft to replace the current crew.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has insisted that he would not be concerned if the Blues became the most disliked club in the country - as that would only make them even stronger.
Bayern Munich #39;s Dutch striker Roy Makaay warned his team they needed to raise their game if they were to trouble Ajax Amsterdam in their Champions League encounter on Tuesday.
Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - The Cleveland Cavaliers Tuesday signed veteran forward/center Scott Williams. As per team policy, terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Prime Minister Tony Blair acknowledged today that there had been a decline of public trust in his government over the military campaign in Iraq and he offered 
A bomb-threatened Olympic Airways plane landed safely at Shannon airport today after being diverted to Ireland following a warning telephoned to an Athens newspaper.
In calling for a 10 percent staff pay cut, Delta Air Lines Inc. CEO Gerald Grinstein announced Tuesday he will decline his own salary for the remainder of the year.
Here are some rantings from the world of professional golf. Sort of. Vijay Singh has won eight times on the PGA Tour in 2004. He has set the 
Although Paralympic sports have been integrated with the Olympic movement in countries such as Canada, Germany and Great Britain for some time, Paralympic athletes #39; roles in the USA still are growing.
When the Seahawks visit San Francisco in November, they won #39;t be going to Candlestick. The stadium is now known as Monster Park.
The head of a separatist movement in Nigeria #39;s southern oil-rich Niger Delta has announced that he intends to meet President Olusegun Obasanjo.
NEW YORK - US consumer confidence slipped in September as job concerns resulted in a second consecutive monthly decline, the Conference Board said Tuesday.
TWO female Italian aid workers were released by their Iraqi captors overnight after three anguished weeks as hostages, sparking scenes of joy at their homes and relief among world leaders.
An internet casino operator said it is offering Donald Trump \$US400 million (\$561.25 million) for a stake in his ailing casino company.
Team general manager John Ferguson Jr. said the procedure was performed by Dr. Marc Philippon at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center at St.
Wide receiver Derrick Mason of the Tennessee Titans says the team just is not playing well right now. Fred Taylor ran for a one-yard touchdown with nine seconds left for the victory.
Equipment rental company United Rentals Inc. on Tuesday said it will likely report a non-cash charge in the third quarter to write down the goodwill of its suffering traffic control business.
Automaker DaimlerChrysler AG and transportation company Bombardier Inc. have settled a dispute over the 2001 sale of railcar maker Adtranz, the companies said Tuesday.
AP - Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a law requiring that all electronic voting machines produce paper records of every ballot cast, beginning in 2006.
IBM, HP, Sun and Manhattan Associates head the list of vendors launching new products and services at this week's EPCglobal U.S. Conference 2004 in Baltimore.
More than a year after the German city moved to abandon Microsoft Windows in favor of Linux, city councilors are finally ready to vote on the switch.
It targets application performance, code quality and security.
It's the first Dell PC to feature a multiformat expansion card reader.
Composite applications require user interface work in native language, company says.
Company says replicating network latency, bandwidth and packet loss problems enables better lab testing.
Job worries helped push consumer confidence down in September for the second consecutive month, the Conference Board reported Tuesday.
A federal court jury on Tuesday ordered a Medtronic subsidiary to pay about \$110 million in a dispute between the company and a doctor who invented some of its spinal fusion technologies.
A message on a dry-erase board greeted the Cubs in their clubhouse Monday and explained how they should approach the final days of the regular season.
Prime Minister Ahmed Qurie marked the anniversary of a Palestinian uprising against Israel on Tuesday by calling on both sides to rethink tactics that have brought four years of bloodshed.
The Associated Press By Ted Bridis
AP - A relieved Italy broke into celebration after two Italian aid workers kidnapped in Iraq three weeks ago were released Tuesday, arriving home hours later aboard a private jet.
AP - Problems loom for the presidential election including voting equipment changes that could delay the outcome past Nov. 2, a group of international observers said Tuesday in a report.
Iraq's interim prime minister says decisive military action may soon be carried out in the rebel city of Falluja
roundup Plus: .Mac customers suffer e-mail glitches...IBM launches business research group...Verbatim to make discs with HP labeling feature.
Heavy equipment maker Caterpillar Inc. on Tuesday raised its full-year sales expectations, as stronger demand in North and South America fueled a sharp increase in global machine and engine sales.
Motorola plans to axe 1,000 workers across a number of business units, hoping to reduce costs as it refocuses on its wireless business.
CRUDE oil prices surged past US\$50 a barrel for the first time yesterday to a new record high, raising concerns that higher energy costs could slow the global economy next year.
AP - Since his Kansas City Chiefs fell to 0-3, Dick Vermeil has gotten phone calls and e-mails sending words of encouragement.
AP - Vince Carter wants out of Toronto, but new Raptors' coach Sam Mitchell doesn't think it will be an issue when training camp opens next week.
Security firm F-Secure warned that the latest Windows vulnerability appears to be attracting more than the typical interest among the hacking community and that given the speed at which the 
often via spam-style blastings that plague mailboxes worldwide -- is fake, a British researcher said Tuesday. Dr. Nic Wilson of the School of Pharmacy 
Looking to compete with the likes of Symbian and Microsoft, PalmSource is unveiling its new operating system geared specifically for the creation of smartphones.
AP - The Chicago Bears signed former Dallas quarterback Chad Hutchinson to a two-year contract Tuesday as insurance after Rex Grossman was lost for the season with a knee injury.
LONDON: Three-times winner Tiger Woods bids for a third successive title at this weeks WGC-American Express Championship in Kilkenny, Ireland.
LONDON - Entertaining football in the Premiership, boring in the Champions League. That is the key to Arsenal #39;s success, insists Robert Pires.
Vince Carter wants out of Toronto, but new Raptors #39; coach Sam Mitchell doesn #39;t think it will be an issue when training camp opens next week.
AP - The game between the Minnesota Twins and the New York Yankees on Tuesday night was postponed by rain.
AP - Only one other time has Notre Dame been 3-1 and unranked.
AP - Two-time major champion Dottie Pepper is moving to the broadcast booth next year, signing a contract with The Golf Channel to be a lead analyst for its tournament coverage.
Cell phones in public are annoying--when other people use them. But how do we tackle the problem?
AFP - The surge in crude-oil prices to 50 dollars a barrel is likely to hold back the US economy but probably not cause a recession, analysts say.
After nearly three years as deputy secretary of technology for the commonwealth of Virginia, Eugene Huang next week will step up to be Gov.
COMPANIES here more concerned with preventing computer viruses from attacking them, are neglecting their biggest information security threats - their employees and business partners.
A growing number of contemporary musicians and techno enthusiasts have reignited interest in the Moog, which can synthesize any sound imaginable.
Shares of Caterpillar (CAT) jumped more than 3 Tuesday after boosting its 2004 revenue outlook Tuesday, citing continued strong demand.
An exhausted but relieved Paul Hamm will take today to relax in Lausanne, Switzerland, then fly home to the USA on Wednesday, hoping to leave the past and start concentrating on the future.
Iraqi kidnappers released two Italian aid workers and five other hostages Tuesday, raising hopes for at least 18 foreigners still in captivity.
An Internet casino operator said Tuesday it is offering Donald Trump \$400 million for a stake in his ailing casino company. Casino Fortune, a Trinidad-based company, said it has approached 
DALLAS ConAgra Foods will get 194 (M) million dollars for selling its minority interest in Swift Foods to Dallas-based Hicks, Muse, Tate and Furst.
The United States urged North Korea Tuesday to stop boasting about its nuclear weapons capability and return to the negotiating table to resolve the nuclear crisis in the Korean peninsula.
Some of the country #39;s richest businessmen said yesterday they couldn #39;t wait to splash their cash on the first commercial flights into orbit.
: Two Italian women aid workers and their two Iraqi colleagues abducted in Baghdad have been freed after difficult negotiations, Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi told a delighted parliament today.
AP - The Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected a last-ditch bid to put Ralph Nader on Oregon's election ballot.
The UN asks for extra forces to police storm-hit Gonaives, amid a breakdown in law and order has collapsed.
The race for the \$10m Ansari X-Prize begins in earnest on Wednesday as SpaceShipOne prepares to rocket to more than 100km above the Earth.
AP - Gerald Williams and Eric Valent hit solo home runs to give the New York Mets a 2-1 victory over the Atlanta Braves in the first game of a doubleheader Tuesday.
The International Football Federation says it will pursue disciplinary action against France, Italy and the Netherlands for not handing down tough penalties against players who use drugs.
A high school student wielding a 9mm pistol shot and killed four classmates and wounded five more today in Argentina #39;s worst school rampage, police said.
The game will be made up as part of a Wednesday doubleheader starting at 4 p.m. ET at Yankee Stadium.
Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair is released from the hospital Tuesday morning after a two-night stay with a bruised sternum.
Syracuse point guard Billy Edelin has been declared ineligible for the first semester of the academic year because he does not meet NCAA academic eligibility requirements, school officials said Tuesday.
Red Sox pitcher Pedro Astacio and Yankees pitcher Brad Halsey were each suspended Tuesday for three games and fined an undisclosed amount.
The Baltimore Orioles-Toronto Blue Jays game for Tuesday night has been canceled and rescheduled for Wednesday as part of a doubleheder.
One person was killed and 18 injured in clashes in Iran linked to the collapse of an Islamic loan fund, Iranian state TV reports.
roundup Plus: .Mac customers suffer e-mail glitches...Alvarion expands wireless broadband in China...IBM launches business research group.
Public chatter on mobile phones is annoying--when other people use them. But how do we tackle the problem?
Imagine getting more than a dozen seasons of Homer and Bart all on one disc. Or, sure, you could back up a terabyte of corporate data.
When Randy Gumbley called Rick Dudley last month, the founder of the Original Stars Hockey League asked the former NHL Florida Panthers general manager to be commissioner.
In the battle between Major League Soccer and the national teams of several players over the coming weeks, there will be likely few winners.
A 15-year-old youth opened fire on classmates at his school in southern Argentina, killing four students and injuring five others, authorities said.
Sharp's LL-151-3D offers stereoscopic mode for viewing 3D models, but it'll cost you.
Telecom Italia is poised to pay 20bn euros for the 44 stake it does not already own of its mobile unit TIM.
LONDON: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho insists there will be no love lost when he comes face to face with Porto, the Champions League winners he quit.
Portland, OR (Sports Network) - The Portland Trail Blazers signed center Theo Ratliff to a five-year contract extension on Tuesday.
PC World - Sharp's LL-151-3D offers stereoscopic mode for viewing 3D models, but it'll cost you.
Optical fiber can deliver data fast, sometimes too fast. Slowing light might make some networking bottlenecks vanish.
AN Olympic Airways plane bound for New York with 295 passengers aboard was being diverted to Shannon airport in Ireland after an Athens newspaper received warning of a bomb on board, a company spokesman said.
PARIS -- The Jordanian monarch said in an interview published Tuesday that elections in Iraq are impossible in the current chaos and that he sees no chances of improvement in the short term.
 ANKARA (Reuters) - Russia and Turkey, putting to rest  lingering Cold War tensions, said Monday it was time their  political ties caught up with their booming economic links.
Neiman Marcus on Tuesday unveiled its 2004 Christmas Book, which features an extraordinary array of gifts from a his and her bowling alley to a 230-foot-long Zeppelin.
An Argentine student opened fire on his classmates Tuesday killing four of them in the southern Argentina city of Carmen de Patagones.
AP - Plants like being talked to, right? Well, Spanish researchers want to know if yeast used to age sherry grows better with music loosely based on its own DNA.
Investment fund sells hundreds of thousands of shares, but still has major stake--and voice--in SCO's future.
Optical fiber can deliver data fast, sometimes too fast. Slowing light might make some networking bottlenecks vanish.
London 2012 Olympic bid leaders yesterday insisted that the capital has a realistic chance of winning the right to host the next but one summer games despite starting the campaign behind the clear favourites, Paris.
is all smiles as released hostages Simona Torretta (R) and Simon Pari celebrate as they arrive at Ciampino Airport in Rome September 28, 2004.
CELTIC face a tall order in tonights Champions League match against AC Milan in Italy, but the Scottish champions were given encouragement yesterday when striker Chris Sutton declared himself fit for action.
AP - The top diplomats for Russia and Cuba condemned all forms of terrorism Tuesday and renewed Russia's call last week to expand the war against the global scourge.
AFP - Two young Australian men have been jailed for more than two years for firebombing three Asian restaurants in a series of racist attacks earlier this year.
Crude oil production in the country has again been disrupted after militant youths, numbering about 200, stormed and forcefully shut down three flowstations in the swamp of Rivers State.
Scientific tests on a range of traditional remedies have shown they have "real benefits", researchers say.
Union Pacific, once the jewel in Rocco DiSpirito's crown, will close at the end of the year.
Delta Air Lines is to cut wages by 10 percent and its chief executive will go unpaid for the rest of the year, but it still warned of bankruptcy within weeks unless more cuts are made.
AP - A week before the playoffs begin, the New York Yankees are worried about the health of another starting pitcher. This time, it's Orlando Hernandez.
Toshiba #39;s new desktop-replacement multimedia notebooks are further evidence that US consumers have yet to embrace the mobility offered by Intel #39;s newer mobile processors.
AP - A court hearing is scheduled for Wednesday in the dispute over who is the rightful owner of the ball Barry Bonds hit for his 700th home run.
Contract electronics manufacturer Solectron Corp. on Tuesday posted a narrower quarterly loss, helped by a 23 percent rise in revenue but issued a forecast at the low end 
World #39;s leading software developer Microsoft has announced that it will promote its cheaper and simplified version of WindowsXP in Russia and soon launch a series of marketing 
MonkeyDev writes  quot;Yahoo is reporting that Munich is ready to move forward with plans to  #39;abandon Microsoft Windows in favor of upstart rival Linux.
Future DVDs could hold about one hundred times the capacity that current discs can hold. That would mean about 472 hours of film on one disc the size of a current DVD disc.
The video compact disc (VCD) player was a spectacular breakthrough in the history of China #39;s electronics industry. The device, first invented by the Chinese firm Wanyan Electronics 
PalmSource Inc. on Tuesday launched the latest version of its operating system, which targets manufacturers of the increasing number of advanced cellular phones in the market.
AP - Toshiba Corp. on Tuesday unveiled a flat-panel TV that uses a new technology developed jointly by the Japanese electronics maker and the Japanese camera company Canon.
A high school pupil wielding a 9mm pistol shot dead four classmates and wounded five more yesterday in Argentina #39;s worst school rampage.
The Bush administration responded calmly Tuesday to North Korean claims it has turned the plutonium from 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods into nuclear weapons.
AP - British defense contractor BAE Systems PLC said Tuesday that its U.S. subsidiary will acquire software maker Alphatech Inc. for  #36;88 million cash.
McDonald #39;s Corp. Chief Executive Officer Charlie Bell, who underwent colorectal cancer surgery in May, said Tuesday he was back in the hospital for continued treatment.
Reports of the death of CDs have been greatly exaggerated, according to research published yesterday which said legally downloaded music would represent only a fraction of sales in five years #39; time.
Intel Corp., the world #39;s largest chip maker, on Tuesday introduced a powerful mobile chip running at 3.33 GHz for notebook computers.
Greece announced stringent measures to improve safety on its roads yesterday as the country mourned seven schoolchildren killed in a traffic accident on their way to the Paralympics.
After two ugly losses and two lightweight wins, the Auburn Tigers finally had a chance to prove their mettle against Tennessee last season.
Eric Munson hit a go-ahead, three-run homer in the seventh inning to lead the Detroit Tigers to a 6-4 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night.
Two Italian aid workers kidnapped 21 days ago in an audacious daylight raid were freed Tuesday, the prime minister of Italy announced.
A Greek passenger jet bound for New York made an emergency landing in Ireland yesterday after a warning that a bomb was about to explode on board.
Civilians and soldiers living abroad face an unwieldy system of absentee balloting that could prevent their votes from being counted.
Hewlett-Packard is getting rid of one of its high-profile utility computing projects, although much of the technology will live on in other initiatives.
The deal would end a daring experiment by the nation's airlines, which created Orbitz as a competitor to Expedia and online ticketing sites like it.
Last month was awful for the airlines because of factors like weather and the fact that kids go back to school earlier than they used to.
Rather than banning the phones outright, schools are capitulating to demands of parents and market realities, and allowing students to carry cellphones in school.
About a half-dozen Web sites have emerged in the past few years to cater to interests of those immersed in the world of classical men's clothing.
Microsoft has announced that it is planning to distribute the low cost stripped down version of Windows XP in Russia, sources say.
Spain will take on the United States for the Davis Cup champion in Southern Spain #39;s Seville City on December 3-5, China Radio International reported Wednesday.
Riad Ali, who is an Israeli Arab, was handed over to Palestinian police today, nearly 24 hours after he was abducted at gunpoint from a CNN van.
Crude oil prices jumped beyond \$50 a barrel Tuesday, renewing concerns that sustained high energy costs will weaken the economy.
The Reserve Bank says there has been a sharp increase in activity on Australia #39;s foreign exchange markets over the past three years.
After a decade of lobbying, promise making and plan changing, the executives and officials trying to bring a Major League Baseball team to Virginia believed they had one last chance.
Linda Ahlers, president of Marshall Field #39;s, will retire effective Dec. 31, the store chain #39;s owner May Department Stores Co.
Richard Branson, famed entrepreneur from Great Britain, has announced that he will launch the first passenger space service in 2007.
There was widespread rejoicing on Tuesday night in Italy at the release of two Italian female aid workers who had been held hostage in Iraq.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair has admitted evidence about Saddam Hussein having weapons of mass destruction was wrong, but insists it was the correct decision to remove Saddam Hussein.
AP - The U.S. ambassador formally returned a 300-year-old wooden altarpiece to Mexico on Tuesday that thieves had tried to sell in the United States.
AP - Bob Dole and Al Gore, both former presidential candidates themselves, offered their thoughts Tuesday on the upcoming debate.
AP - India's top software exporter Tata Consultancy Services announced Monday it has won a multimillion dollar deal with Italian sports car maker Ferrari to design Formula 1 engines.
IBM Corp. plans to announce today that it has built the world #39;s fastest supercomputer at one of its facilities in Rochester, Minn.
The Braves gasped when Jaret Wright was forced to leave in the third inning of Tuesday night #39;s game against the Mets after being struck just above his right foot with line drive.
TONY Blair made an impassioned appeal for Labour to put Iraq behind them as he outlined 10 policy pledges to win a historic third term in power.
com September 28, 2004, 9:54 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Prime Minister Tony Blair said in a prepared speech yesterday that he realized the war in Iraq had divided Britain, but that he could not sincerely apologize for helping topple Saddam Hussein.
U.S. blue chips were higher today, led by shares of major oil producers benefiting from higher crude oil prices, which broke through the \$50 a barrel mark.
Crude oil prices in New York stayed higher Tuesday after passing 50 dollars per barrel as Nigerian rebels threatened oil output and Hurricane Ivan slashed production in the US Gulf of Mexico.
DEAR readers, Tony Blair #39;s speech at the annual conference of the Labour Party was billed as the most important speech of his political career, considering the grave situation that 
US Airways intends to slash its executive payroll by 20 percent, reducing the pay and benefits for its 3,000 managers and eliminating some positions, sources familiar with the plan said yesterday.
 Input, a Reston provider of government market intelligence, said the federal budget for first responders to attacks and disasters may decrease for the first time since the Sept.
Microsoft Corp., world #39;s largest software maker, announced that it has added Russia to its Windows XP Starter Edition pilot program today.
Executives from 28 companies in the United States and Europe today faced the cameras and pledged their intention to work together to build interoperable systems for the Defense Department and other government agencies.
SourceLabs will use the venture capital for ongoing research and development and to expand its sales and marketing. Ignition Partners was founded by Microsoft veterans -- including 
Typhoon Meari landed on Japan #39;s southernmost main island of Kyushu on Wednesday, forcing hundreds to evacuate as it unleashed heavy rains and strong winds.
AP - IBM Corp. claimed unofficial bragging rights Tuesday as owner of the world's fastest supercomputer.
US consumer confidence fell for the second straight month in September as the outlook for jobs deteriorated, the Conference Board said Sept.
The Palestinian uprising marked its fourth anniversary with signs that the violent Hamas group is preparing a formidable political challenge to Yasser Arafat, despite a series of devastating blows from Israel.
 ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Atlanta Braves starting pitcher  Jaret Wright left Tuesday's game against the New York Mets with  a bruised right ankle.
According to an executive, the Mets have reached an agreement to hire the Montreal Expos' general manager, Omar Minaya, to head the baseball office.
The Yankees' game against the Minnesota Twins was rained out Tuesday night, but Orlando Hernndez, the Yankees' scheduled starter, would not have pitched anyway.
Shopping search engines make it easy for people to research and buy products. They can also be a powerful and cost-effective customer acquisition channel for merchants.
A panel of biologists with the US Fish and Wildlife Service says sage grouse should not be listed as an endangered species. The recommendation has environmental groups threatening to sue.
ARSENAL boss Arsene Wenger last night suffered a Champions League setback as Brazilian midfielder Gilberto Silva (above) was left facing a long-term injury absence.
The Yankees #39; staff infection has spread to the one man the team can #39;t afford to lose. Orlando Hernandez was scratched from last night #39;s scheduled start because 
Suicide attack misfires: Two suicide bombers tried to ram their cars into a National Guard base in Kharma, about 40 miles west of Baghdad, on Sunday.
The Chinese Foreign Ministry said Tuesday it remains hopeful six-party talks on the North Korean nuclear program can resolve the crisis on the peninsula.
Oil prices hugged \$50 a barrel on Wednesday on worries of potential supply disruptions and with US crude inventories expected to fall due to the lingering effects of Hurricane Ivan.
Kidnappers released two Italian women and five other hostages Tuesday, raising hopes for foreigners still in captivity. Insurgents showed no sign of easing their 
Fannie Maes chief, Franklin Raines, once seen as a rising star and possible future Treasury secretary, may have to reassess his ambitions.
High oil prices will probably brake US growth but will not derail the economy provided they do not rise sharply from current levels, top Federal Reserve policymakers said on Tuesday.
A judge is scheduled today to hear arguments from a Hollinger Inc. minority shareholder that wants to oust Conrad Black and his allies as senior managers of the Toronto holding company.
he United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit in Atlanta has upheld the valuation by prosecutors of \$328 million in losses by investors in HealthSouth.
Despite the growing economy, consumer confidence has begun to taper off because of the weak labor market, according to a study released Tuesday by The Conference Board.
Amazon.com has filed a series of lawsuits against spammers who targeted its customers with e-mails trying to defraud them, the company said yesterday.
Major League Baseball, which has operated the Montreal Expos the past three seasons, likely still will make the personnel and roster decisions for the team that will play at RFK 
Two female Italian aid workers were liberated yesterday after three weeks of terrifying captivity at the hands of Iraqi abductors, and flew home to tears and cheers in Rome.
A group of women on the tiny UK Pacific colony of Pitcairn criticise sex abuse trials about to start on the island.
Two suspected Israeli spies convicted of trying to obtain a false passport are deported from New Zealand.
 GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli soldiers shot dead two Palestinian  militants early on Wednesday in separate raids in the West Bank  and Gaza Strip, Palestinian medics and witnesses said.
Solectron Corp., which manufactures electronics sold under other brands, reported a narrowed loss for its latest quarter as margins and revenue both improved from last year.
IRVING - They never trailed and had no turnovers. They had five sacks and strong play from a rookie cornerback forced into action when a starter was hurt.
Vladimir Guerrero hit a pair of homers and drove in five runs to lead the Anaheim Angels to an 8-2 win over the Texas Rangers in American League play in Arlington on Tuesday.
Two British soldiers have died trying to save comrades following an ambush near the southern Iraqi city of Basra, a Ministry of Defence spokesman said.
UN refugees agency chief Ruud Lubbers said on Tuesday that the United Nations will work together with the Sudanese government to help Darfur refugees return home while 
Reuters - Using elephant dung and skin\samples, researchers said they were able to make a map of\elephant DNA that could help track down ivory poachers.
The next crew of the International Space Station likely will wait a few more days to blast off from Kazakhstan after Russian engineers found another technical glitch with their Soyuz spacecraft.
As infected images plant back doors on PCs, experts see possibility of virus too.
The dot-com collapse in Silicon Valley has contributed to the emergence of a previously obscure class of office building: the commercial condominium.
AP - Senate Democratic leader Tom Daschle hugged President Bush from one end of South Dakota to the other this summer. In his own campaign commercials.
AP - With its ample resources and a professional staff numbering 10,000 people, the World Bank seems like an ideal instrument for getting Iraq back on its feet.
SEARCH ENGINE giant Google seems to have agreed to block access to sites that the Chinese authorities think will corrupt their citizens.
- Tigers 6, White Sox 4: At Detroit, Eric Munson hit a go-ahead, three-run homer in the seventh inning to lead the Tigers over Chicago.
Derek Lowe stats, news showed last year that he is still more than capable of making major contributions out of the bullpen when he struck out Terrence Long with the 
Typhoon Meari, the eighth tropical cyclone to reach Japan this year, is moving over the southwestern main island of Kyushu, disrupting flights and cutting power.
AP - Alan Zinter hit a two-run homer in the bottom of the 11th to give the Arizona Diamondbacks a 9-8 win over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night.
Capital Radio and GWR Group say they plan to merge in an all-share, nil-premium deal that will create the dominant company in the UK radio sector.
Delta Air Lines is cutting pay, increasing employees #39; share of health-care coverage and trimming retirement benefits - all to stave off bankruptcy.
The 27-year-old #39;s awful form has become so predictable this year after a memorable 2003 which included making the Wimbledon final and leading Australia to glory in the Davis Cup.
KOLKATA: Battlelines are drawn for the BCCI presidential election at cricket #39;s top bodys crucial annual general meeting here on Wednesday.
 LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said  on Wednesday the international community was closer than ever  to making North Korea and Iran accept its demands to halt  nuclear programs.
Flying to Washington will become easier for Iowa travelers in March when Northwest Airlines begins daily flights. Airline officials said Monday they won a federal lottery that gave them 
Two Italian aid workers freed after being held hostage in Iraq receive a rapturous welcome in Rome.
Insurers could face their biggest-ever hurricane damages bill following a spate of storms in the Caribbean, an industry body says.
In a sign of security threats to come, hackers have exploited a flaw in Microsoft programs and begun circulating a virus hidden in images that use the popular JPEG format.
Losing 34-0 Sunday to the Seattle Seahawks, which included the end of the longest shutout-free streak in the NFL, apparently was not enough humiliation for the San Francisco 49ers.
he Yankees #39; game against the Minnesota Twins was rained out last night, but Orlando Hernndez, the Yankees #39; scheduled starter, would not have pitched anyway.
Brighton (England), September 29: Prime Minister Tony Blair said on Tuesday Britain must build a new skills base to avoid losing jobs to developing economies like China and India.
AP - Phillip Fulmer kept his cool when starting center Jason Respert drove off in the coach's golf cart at practice.
More than 11 years after scientists predicted it would occur, a strong earthquake rocked the central California town of Parkfield on Tuesday morning.
The medical institute built from Howard Hughes's fortune is spending \$500 million to build a research center in Virginia that will seek to encourage top scientists to do hands-on creative work.
A week before the playoffs begin, the New York Yankees are worried about the health of another starting pitcher. This time, it #39;s Orlando Hernandez.
Bill Laimbeer has NBA coaching aspirations. For now, though, he is content to try to help change the way WNBA basketball is played.
TONY Blair refused to say sorry for the Iraq war yesterday, after a last-minute change of mind over a conference apology. In his Brighton address, the Prime Minister 
Iraq #39;s hostage crisis took an encouraging turn yesterday with the safe release of seven hostages, including two female Italian aid workers who were abducted three weeks ago.
Oil prices hit near record levels amid a number of supply concerns, but failed to go over 50 dollars a barrel after getting some relief as Saudi Arabia promised to increase production.
The FTSE 100 has opened higher, with financial stocks in demand after a well-received trading statement from hedge fund firm Man Group.
OAKLAND, Calif. - All that stands today between Ichiro and an unobstructed look at George Sisler is an unidentified Tim Hudson body part.
More than five million people in the UK now have high-speed net connections, say broadband analysts.
Magna International Inc., Canada #39;s largest auto-parts supplier, will close an Ontario factory that makes polished aluminum and eliminate jobs.
Bidding begins in an auction for a 7.6 government-held stake in Russian oil giant Lukoil.
The Boston Redevelopment Authority and a New York developer yesterday reached an agreement that should speed construction of housing and a marina at the Charlestown Navy Yard.
America has regained bragging rights to the world's most powerful supercomputer, after a two-and-a-half-year hiatus.
After decades of constructing hermetically sealed buildings, developers are incorporating a new amenity into their designs: windows that open.
Using video cameras to record films in movie theaters would become a federal crime punishable by up to six years in prison under a bill passed yesterday by the House.
American Airlines is recalling about 600 flight attendants on furlough, effective Nov. 17, in part due to a projected increase in international flights in December.
The US government said yesterday that intercepted drugs purportedly sent from Canada, made and shipped elsewhere, had been subject to Canadian recall and had cheaper generic counterparts in the United States.
A cell phone directory is in the works, along with legislation to keep it private. Is this a good thing?
US home buyers may see a slight rise in mortgage rates if housing finance company Fannie Mae, which is mired in an accounting scandal, slows purchases of bonds backed 
The popularity of cut-price airlines and the Eurostar rail service to the continent is threatening to sink the ferry industry, where 1,200 job losses were announced yesterday.
America has regained bragging rights to the world #39;s most powerful supercomputer, after a two-and-a-half-year hiatus. IBM Corp.
Dissident former directors Roy Disney and Stanley Gold on Tuesday called a temporary cease-fire in their war with CEO Michael Eisner and the Walt Disney Co.
The Chinese firm, Minmetals, owned by the Chinese government, has taken over the biggest mining company in Canada, Noranda Mining.
Despite concerns about software patents in Europe, Germany #39;s Munich city government make their move to Linux official according to Reuters.
Arsene Wenger accepts that his side #39;s dominance in the Premiership creates expectations in Europe, where they have never gone beyond the semi-finals.
This week #39;s reminder comes courtesy of a lawsuit filed in San Francisco County Superior Court over ownership of another Barry Bonds home run ball.
The Bush administration responded calmly yesterday to North Korean statements it has turned the plutonium from 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods into nuclear weapons.
Palestinian militants yesterday released an Israeli Arab who works as a producer for CNN a day after abducting him at gunpoint in the 
During the past 30 days, more than 2,300 attacks have been directed against civilians and military targets in Iraq, in a pattern that sprawls over nearly every major population 
More than 200 Brigitte Bardot fans descend on a memorabilia sale on the star's 70th birthday.
The CD will stay the most popular music format until at least the end of the decade, according to a new survey.
UNITED NATIONS -- The Bush administration responded calmly yesterday to North Korean statements it has turned the plutonium from 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods into nuclear weapons.
The Reds dealt Chicago #39;s playoff hopes a blow Tuesday night by using the Cubs #39; formula for winning: good starting pitching and home runs.
A bomb-alert Olympic Airways plane was back in the air and completing its journey to New York after being diverted to Ireland amid a bomb scare.
Californians will have the right to decide for themselves whether their cell phone number is listed in a planned wireless 411 directory under a new bill signed into law last Friday (Sept.
MONTREAL - Where the Field of Dreams was supposed to be built in Montreal, there now stand dreary, functional modern condominiums.
The trials of seven Pitcairn Island men charged with almost 100 child sex abuse crimes have been delayed till tomorrow. Prosecution police and some court officials had arrived on the island only 
Two Italian humanitarian workers who were kidnapped three weeks ago from their office in Baghdad were released Tuesday night, along with two Iraqi colleagues who had been 
Via Technologies Friday announced the introduction of its K8T890 PCI Express chipset for Advanced Micro Devices #39; (AMD) 64-bit processors.
PC World - A cell phone directory is in the works, along with legislation to keep it private. Is this a good thing?
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Nextel Communications said Monday that it has purchased shares of its own stock and Nextel Partners from Motorola.
Joe Torre had enough to deal with yesterday, what with a rainout and Orlando Hernandez #39;s tired shoulder forcing him to shuffle his starting rotation.
Oil lingered above the \$50 per barrel threshold in Asian trade Wednesday, breaching the mark for the second straight day ahead of key US crude stockpile data.
Shipping giant P amp;O said Tuesday it was scrapping four of its 13 routes across the English Channel, with the loss of about 1,200 jobs.
TOKYO - Stocks opened higher Wednesday on the Tokyo Stock Exchange as overnight gains in US shares prompted buybacks of recently battered Tokyo stocks.
The lighter side of Ichiro Suzuki emerged Tuesday night after he moved into a tie for second place on the Major League all-time single-season hit list.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Monday as  oil prices rose above \$43 a barrel and the dollar held near  record lows.
The European research facility which invented the web and helped shape our view of matter is exactly 50 years old. 
Mauritanian security forces foil a coup attempt, the third in 15 months, says the interior minister.
A group of 40 people, thought to be North Koreans, force their way into the Canadian embassy in Beijing.
Using video cameras to record cinema films would become a state-wide crime under a proposed US law.
We're back, it appears, to this: Derek Lowe is a guy you'd think twice about allowing to park your car, never mind start a playoff game.
Vladimir Guerrero has 121 RBIs and 120 runs to join Don Baylor as the only Angels player to reach those totals in each category in the same season. Baylor achieved the feat in 1979.
Pro basketball: WNBA playoffs: Sun vs. Washington (Game 3) at Mohegan Sun Arena, Uncasville, Conn., 8 p.m.
Classic FM owner GWR and Capital Radio are to merge in a deal creating a company with a 36 share of the UK commercial radio audience.
Competition Commissioner Mario Monti suffered an embarrassing defeat in a Luxembourg court this week - it ruled that his decision on the Sprint-Worldcom merger was illegal.
Marshall Field #39;s department stores will soon have both a new president and a chairman to replace the former leader who reaped a big profit from selling her stock.
Broadcasters GWR Group PLC and Capital Radio PLC announced Wednesday that they are to merge, taking control of more than a third of Britain #39;s commercial radio market.
Half of the Viagra tablets bought on the internet could be fakes, research suggested today. Researchers analysed samples of the impotence drug bought online using 
THE FIRM spun out of Motorola to sell semiconductors said it has started showing off a dual core processor based on the E600 architecture.
Freescale Semiconductor, Inc. (NYSE:FSL) today is providing architectural details of its most powerful processor to date: the MPC8641D Dual Core processor.
After all, the fourth round of six-nation talks to discuss North Korean nuclear programs misses its initial deadline of Thursday Sept.
Australia #39;s main opposition Labor Party leader Mark Latham targeted aged voters in his official election campaign launch today, promising to provide free hospital care for people over 
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks look to open flat  on  Monday, with oil prices moving higher and the dollar holding  near record lows.
The first malicious codes to exploit security flaws in Microsoft Windows #39; handling of jpeg image files has appeared on internet newsgroups.
A car bombing in the northern city of Mosul wounded six American soldiers, the military said Wednesday, while one of two Italian women 
This week, a delegation of British Muslims returned from a high profile effort to secure the release of a British hostage, civilian Kenneth Bigley, held in Iraq since September 16th.
\China accuses Taiwan of "serious provocation" after the island's premier said it should be allowed offensive missiles.
The conclusion that had to be drawn after six fixtures last season, can now be drawn after only two: Ajax is not good enough to make an impact in the Champions League.
AP - Anaheim at Texas (8:05 p.m. EDT). The Angels try to remain in the playoff picture with a crucial game against the Rangers.
AP - Jiri Novak advanced to the second round of the Shanghai Open on Wednesday, eliminating Taiwan's Lu Yen-hsun, 6-2, 6-2.
Hackers take advantage of a flaw in various Microsoft programs that leaves PCs vulnerable to remote attacks. Security experts expect the threat to grow.
US Airways Group and Delta Air Lines are both looking to their executive ranks in their latest round of cost cuts.
Delta Air Lines on Tuesday slashed pay for most workers, and pilots agreed to contract changes that should prevent a wave of pilot retirements from pushing it into bankruptcy protection.
Capital and GWR today announced their 711m merger, creating the country #39;s biggest radio group in a deal that changes the shape of the British radio industry.
As two major investment banks issued optimistic reports on the Mountain View search engine company Tuesday, its stock price jumped \$8.
There was little doubt what the focus of Tuesday night at Old Trafford would be as soon as the Manchester United team had been named: Wayne Rooney.
KILKENNY, Ireland - The much-anticipated duel between the top two players in the world will have to wait another week. Vijay Singh, who took over the No.
Monster Cable Products Inc. is best known for selling premium-priced speaker wires connected to the back of home entertainment systems.
Milton Bradley threw a tantrum -- and a bottle -- all before the Los Angeles Dodgers strengthened their hold on the NL West lead with a wild victory.
About 40 people, thought to be North Koreans, are reported to have stormed the Canadian Embassy in Beijing in an apparent attempt to win asylum.
Indonesian police say DNA tests have successfully identified a suicide bomber involved in a deadly attack this month on the Australian embassy in the capital, Jakarta.
29 September 2004 -- Afghan police said Taliban militants attacked an Afghan government office early this morning and launched a gun battle that left four attackers and three Afghan troops dead.
6 December 2004 -- Preliminary official results show that voters failed to approve a referendum on whether to give ethnic Hungarians living outside the country the right to become Hungarian citizens.
LONDON : Oil prices fell slightly in opening deals on hopes of an easing of tensions in Nigeria #39;s key oil producing region, traders said.
Technology giant IBM will announce today that it has built the world #39;s most powerful supercomputer, surpassing the performance of a machine in Yokohama, Japan.
Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson has said that Wayne Rooney #39;s first game for the club was as good as any debut he has ever seen.
AFP - The kidnappers of Briton Ken Bigley in Iraq have posted a message suggesting they will free him, his brother said in a television interview.
AFP - Forty-four North Korean men, women and children scaled the walls of the Canadian embassy in Beijing in a likely bid for political asylum, an embassy spokesman said.
A man is arrested after attacking two pilots and a passenger with an axe on an internal flight in Norway.
Police in Peru storm an ancient Inca temple to free foreign 19 tourists taken hostage by coca growers.
The agreed merger between two of the UK #39;s biggest commercial radio groups, Capital Radio and GWR, signals an era of change in the radio industry.
In a move which Microsoft claims will help fight spammers, MSN Hotmail users are facing charges if they want to access the email service via the Outlook email client.
Oil prices fall on news of Nigerian peace talks but analysts expect the price to remain close to the \$50 mark.
Mortgage lending slows to its lowest level in a year in August, but credit card spending continues to boom, Bank of England figures show.
A one-day strike by tea workers in India's north-eastern state of Assam brings work in 800 tea gardens to a halt.
The World Bank wants the governments of poor countries to do more to improve their investment climates, action it described as central to economic growth and poverty reduction.
In work designed to halt the trade of illegal ivory, Samuel Wasser of the University of Washington and his colleagues have begun collecting elephant DNA from tissue sample and from dung.
Deportivo La Coruna coach Javier Irureta was fuming at referee Stefano Farina after his side slipped to a 2-0 defeat in Monaco on Tuesday night.
Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday denied leading Britain into war on a false prospectus, despite intelligence on the threat posed by Iraq being wrong.
AP - Using video cameras to record films in movie theaters would become a federal crime punishable by up to six years in prison under a bill passed Tuesday by the House.
Fannie Mae, the US largest government-ruled mortgage lender, sees the continuation of the investigation on possible accounting violations and possible next weeks testimony of its former employee at a Congressional hearing.
A US contender appears poised to recapture the supercomputer speed title from the Japanese world champion, Wednesday #39;s Wall Street Journal reported.
Euro Disney (EDLP.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) shares leapt on Wednesday after the French theme park operator clinched a long-awaited deal to restructure its 
House of Fraser has posted narrower first-half losses on improved gross margins and announced a new partnership deal with Barclaycard to manage its customer account cards.
CHICAGO Whitehall Jewellers Incorporated has agreed to pay 13 (m) million dollars to settle a lawsuit and a federal investigation into fraud charges.
SiliconValley.com - IBM is expected to announce today that it has built a supercomputer that could qualify as the world's fastest machine.
Bad luck and bad refereeing were the explanations offered by an out-of-form Deportivo Coruna for Tuesday #39;s 2-0 defeat at Monaco in the Champions League.
 RHP Pedro Astacio was suspended for three games and fined an undisclosed amount for intentionally throwing at a batter against the Yankees.
The brother of British hostage Kenneth Bigley today said he had been encouraged by the release yesterday of the two Italian aid workers.
The UK government will store electronic records of people entering the UK in effort to tighten border control.
Major League Baseball has decided to relocate the Montreal Expos to Washington, DC The widely expected announcement is to be made later Wednesday, by city officials.
Mohammed Kallon #39;s fine start to his Monaco career continued on Tuesday when the Sierra Leonean scored his first ever Champions League goal.
An international group led by Lockheed Martin Corp. received a \$3 billion contract yesterday to develop a program that will eventually replace the Patriot missile system.
Pentagon police said the Defense Department is testing a security blimp -- equipped with surveillance cameras. The white blimp has been spotted this morning over the Pentagon and the Capitol building.
Using video cameras to record films in movie theaters would become a federal crime punishable by up to six years in prison under a bill passed Tuesday by the House.
The giant Toutatis asteroid passes by the Earth on Wednesday at distance of less than 1.6 million km.
A senior Italian politician says ransom of \$1m was paid for the release of two hostages held in Iraq.
Bahraini authorities close a non-governmental human rights watchdog whose director has been detained.
The Indian and Pakistani military are to discuss troop withdrawals from the Siachen glacier, the world's highest battleground, India says.
AP - Browns rookie tight end Kellen Winslow Jr. needs a second operation on his right leg and will miss the remainder of this season.
For the first time since 2002, Japan's Earth Simulator is not the most powerful supercomputer on the planet.
The Minister of Energy, Dr. Paa Kwesi Nduom, has said government policy on the subsidy of ex-pump prices of petroleum products would remain unchanged 
Department store group House of Fraser was today poised for a 25 million boost from a partnership with Barclaycard to run its store card scheme.
While much has been made of efforts by Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and Intel Corp. to bring dual-core processors to PCs and servers, Freescale Semiconductor Inc.
Major League Baseball has chosen Washington, DC as the new home of the Montreal Expos, a city official has told The Associated Press.
BEIT LAHIYA, Gaza Strip Israeli tanks, armored vehicles and troops have pushed into northern Gaza in a raid aimed at militants who have fired rockets at Israeli towns.
A delegation of Tamil Tiger rebels has left Sri Lanka for a three week tour of Europe aimed at putting pressure on the government to resume peace talks.
A study carried out by doctors from the University of London showed that 50 percent of the Viagra sold over the Internet was fake.
SAN FRANCISCO The legal battle over who is the real owner of Barry Bonds #39; 700th home run ball begins this morning in Superior Court.
Paperwork bores me. Usually I don't fill it out. But in jail, you don't have a choice. 
Washington Post business columnist Steven Pearlstein will be online to talk about the investigation into accounting practices at Fannie Mae.
Computer Associates International Inc. announced a restructuring plan Wednesday that would reduce its work force by 800 people worldwide, saving the business software maker \$70 million annually once the plan is fully implemented.
South Africa's wage dispute ends after unions representing public sector workers accept a revised government offer.
The US economy grew at an annual rate of 3.3 in the spring, the government reported Wednesday in the final revision to second-quarter gross domestic product.
Microsoft Corp. announced Wednesday that it would offer a low-cost, localized version of its Windows XP operating system in India to tap the large market potential in this 
Diplomats in Beijing say at least 44 people claiming to be North Koreans have stormed the Canadian embassy in an apparent bid for asylum.
AP - The Arab news network Al-Jazeera on Wednesday broadcast footage of British hostage Kenneth Bigley pleading to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to work for his release.
The World Bank wants the governments of poor countries to do more to improve their investment climates, action it described as central to economic growth and poverty reduction.
Travel and real estate conglomerate Cendant Corp. said Wednesday it will buy travel Web site Orbitz Inc. for about \$1.25 billion, making it the No.
A slowdown in US economic growth during the second quarter was not as sharp as previously thought, the Commerce Department reported today.
Workers at struggling Delta Air Lines will see their pay cut by 10 percent, their health care premiums go up and their vacation time trimmed under a cost-saving plan announced Tuesday.
The proposed merger of GWR and Capital comes at a pivotal point for the radio industry as the digital revolution gathers pace. Broadcasters have frequently stated how 
US Airways plans to cut its executive payroll by 20 percent, reducing pay and benefits for its 3,000 managers and eliminating positions, said a newspaper report Wednesday.
A record eighth typhoon swept through southern Japan on Wednesday, killing at least two people, triggering floods and strong winds that forced the evacuation of tens of thousands.
The Redmond, Wash.-based software giant on Wednesday announced a year-long pilot program to start shipping the Windows XP Starter Edition to India in early 2005.
AP - The Russian Cabinet will approve ratification of the Kyoto Protocol on climate change, the Interfax news agency reported Wednesday.
The US economy grew more quickly than previously thought in the three months to June, official figures suggest.
Description: Fannie Mae, the nation #39;s largest source of financing for home mortgages, faces accusations of pervasive accounting problems.
More exchange-traded funds gives your itchy trading finger more reasons to scratch.
Hindi version of Windows XP costs just \$36, as the software giant aims for gains in the populous nation.
An IBM supercomputer still under development has set an unofficial new world speed record during testing, the company announced on Wednesday.
Yahoo on Thursday plans to let visitors test-drive its new home page and My Yahoo personalization site in preparation for a full relaunch this fall.
Arsenal #39;s Brazilian midfielder Gilberto will be out for at least a month with a back injury, the English champions said on Tuesday.
Major League Baseball officials will announce today that the Montreal Expos are relocating to Washington, Mayor Paul D. Fraim said Tuesday night.
Network Physics has introduced a new distributed architecture for its network management and performance line aimed at helping enterprises ensure the integrity and security of the entire applications infrastructure.
AFP - A Chinese university student in eastern Zhejiang province was sentenced to a year in jail for selling pornography on the Internet.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The national homicide rate dropped to its lowest level in more than 30 years last year, says Statistics Canada.
Lycos Europe has taken down their  quot;Make Love Not Spam quot; campaign. After a short but popular campaign the company decided to stop their mission.
The deal comes as Cisco pushes to develop a market for CRS-1, a new line of routers aimed at telephone, wireless and cable companies.
Al-Jazeera screens a video showing British hostage Kenneth Bigley accusing Tony Blair of ignoring his plight.
The World Health Organization is spearheading a campaign to reduce the numbers of women who die in childbirth.
Tiger Woods wants to be a playing vice-captain in the next US Ryder Cup team.
Overnight guards and scientists at the American Museum of Natural History often feel glassy eyes on them.
Sachin Tendulkar, left, has a friendly chat with Shane Warne during yesterday #39;s practice session at Mumbai #39;s Brabourne Stadium.
Indonesian police said yesterday that DNA tests had identified a suicide bomber involved in a deadly attack this month on the Australian embassy in Jakarta.
The chances of another rise in interest rates faded today as mortgage lending slowed to its lowest level for a year during August.
The lights at Athens #39; Olympic stadium turn red to signify the handover of the Paralympic Games to the host city, Beijing. Photo: AFP.
The A #39;s fell from sole possession of first place and have five games to reassume exclusive control of the American League West.
DAVID HARDAKER: Celebrations have continued in Italy overnight following the homecoming of the two Italian aid workers who were taken hostage in Iraq three weeks ago.
Ideal for barebone laptops, apparently
The US economy grew at an annualized rate of 3.3 percent in the second quarter of this year,significantly better than a previously estimated growth rate of 2.8 percent, but 
Licensing income helped boost American Greetings Corp. to a profit in its second quarter, even though sales at the greeting cards maker were flat.
The International Monetary Fund on Wednesday revised up its 2004 world growth forecast to 5 percent, the highest level in three decades, but said sharply 
AP - Civil rights activist Jesse Jackson joined the campaign of Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday as a poll showed support for the presidential candidate slipping among black Americans, a critical Democratic constituency.
Moscow police arrested two Chechen men in connection with the murder of US journalist Paul Klebnikov, the Moscow Times reported Wednesday.
AP - Buffalo Sabres center Daniel Briere agreed to a deal Wednesday with SC Bern of the Swiss league, becoming the latest NHL player to head to Europe.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Olympic champion Justine Henin-Hardenne  is still suffering from a mystery virus which has plagued her  for much of this year.
The World Bank has called upon the governments of poor countries to work for improving their investment climates as done by India and China, saying it was central to economic growth and poverty reduction.
Shares of Internet travel firm Orbitz Inc. surged after it agreed to be acquired by Manhattan-based Cendant Corp. for about \$1.25 billion.
PF Chang #39;s China Bistro Inc. on Wednesday said its third-quarter revenue rose 29 percent on increased sales, customer traffic and prices.
Nikon Corp. will soon see a \$145 million influx, thanks to a memorandum of understanding with ASML Holding NV and Carl Zeiss SMT AG.
Delta Air Lines says its pilots union decided to get back retired pilots of the company in order not to cancel flights as Delta already suffers huge losses.
The first private manned rocket to reach space soared toward the edge of the atmosphere on Wednesday in a bid to earn the \$10 million Ansari X Prize.
Stocks rose today as investors digested a jump in the second-quarter gross domestic product and kept a close eye on lower oil prices.
Martha Stewart has been ordered to serve her sentence for lying about a stock sale at the federal prison in Alderson, W.Va.
High-powered profit growth has investors dipping into this mall-based confectioner.
The planned elimination of 800 jobs is part of a restructuring plan that will cost \$40 million, the troubled firm says.
Security experts say that attacks using image files could bypass established defenses.
Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, 5 percent of its workforce, in hopes of shaving US\$70 million annually off its operating costs.
Italians are rejoicing Wednesday after two female aid workers arrived home following three weeks of captivity at the hands of militants in Iraq.
Sure, the device can record movies and anything else broadcast on TV. But apparently sex is what pushes the rewind button the most.
Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, 5 percent of its workforce, in hopes of shaving \$70 million annually off its operating costs.
Controversial plan could force file swappers to face criminal charges.
Logic Express 7, a streamlined version of Logic, provides a basic set of professional tools for students, educators and advanced hobbyists at an affordable price. Sep 29
Defender Wayne Bridge is in contention for Chelsea after missing the weekend win at Middlesbrough due to a knock suffered in the draw against Tottenham.
The mergers and acquisitions continue apace in the managed care industry.
Homemaking icon Martha Stewart will serve her five-month jail sentence for lying about a suspicious stock sale at a minimum security prison in West Virginia, a source close to the case said Wednesday.
Ranbir Mahendra was elected president of India #39;s national cricket board after edging out a powerful federal minister at an acrimonious election on Wednesday.
ANKARA, Turkey -- Four bombs went off in front of British and US interests in Turkey late Tuesday (28 September), causing damage but no casualties.
AFP - Apple Computer is planning to expand its online music download service to more European countries, the company announced at the Popkomm music trade fair.
High Efficiency codec recommended to network, content providers
AP - Senate Democratic leader Tom Daschle hugged President Bush from one end of South Dakota to the other this summer  #151; in his own campaign commercials.
The Indian Olympic Association has banned three female weightlifters and their coach for life after the athletes tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs.
On Tuesday night everyone was talking about one Wayne Rooney, after the young prodigy inscribed a magnificent hat-trick on his Manchester Utd and Champions League debut.
A group of 44 North Korean asylum seekers used makeshift ladders to scale the fence and leap into the Canadian embassy in Beijing on Wednesday, officials said.
AFP - China more than doubled its export earnings from cellphones, shipping 73.4 million handsets overseas in the first seven months of the year, state media reported.
Shares in Jarvis have plunged by more than 20 per cent after the support services contractor warned that it may yet fall victim to its 230 million debt burden.
Ziff Davis - LSB 2.0 represents the best chance to prevent Linux fragmentation.
A smart investor pays \$1.25 billion for Orbitz. So what's Travelzoo worth?
Birding columnist Mathew Tekulsky considers the joys of sparrows wintering in his California backyard.
The deal is valued at about \$100 million, but the handset maker will be billed based on actual service consumption.
New version of IronPort product draws on data from E-mail-monitoring network to quarantine viruses within minutes. By Thomas Claburn.
The retailer will sell CallVantage in many of its outlets and through its Web site.
Jam Packs expand features and portability for musicians mixing music on their Macs.
Rewriteable version of the next-gen DVD format moves closer to mass production.
Early sighting of ID scheme budget-laundering
A Los Angeles man who spewed porn advertisements from his car likely faces up to six months in jail.\
A new version of the infamous Bagle worm series is spreading widely across the net.
European Justice and Home Affairs ministers are to start talks on whether asylum seekers could be processed outside the EU.
The world's economy should grow at its fastest rate in 30 years in 2004, despite rising oil prices, the IMF says.
Jet Propulsion Lab -- A mountain-sized asteroid made its closest approach to Earth at 6:35 a.m. Pacific Time (9:35 a.m...
An Israeli child was killed by a rocket fired from the Gaza Strip by Palestinian militants on Wednesday, an Israeli rescue service said.
SYDNEY: Shares in Australian grocery food chain Foodland Associated Ltd were placed in a trading halt on Monday after a takeover offer from Metcash Trading Ltd.
roundup Plus: Tech firms rally against copyright bill...Apple .Mac customers suffer e-mail glitches...Alvarion expands wireless broadband in China.
The US economy grew faster in the second quarter than previously thought as business inventories rose at the strongest rate in four years, the government said on 
The end of summer lull for viruses and worms continues. We #39;re still seeing new versions of RBots, and a new Bagle, but nothing with teeth.
Since April, baseball fans attending San Francisco Giants home games at SBC Park have enjoyed wireless internet access if they bring a portable computer with them.
To the expanding litany of woes that has plagued the winless Kansas City Chiefs through the first three weeks of the 2004 campaign, a spate of unexpected problems that extends far beyond 
Israel is maintaining its silence over an alleged spy scandal as it prepares to receive two men deported from New Zealand for passport fraud.
Five Wall Street firms that helped take Google Inc public started investment coverage of the internet search engine on Tuesday, giving it their highest stock ratings and predicting substantial gains.
a pilot program targeting first-time and beginning computer users -- comes on the heels of a similar customized version for Russia.
A Greek airliner diverted to Ireland by a bomb threat resumed its flight to New York after a search did not find anything suspicious onboard.
AP - Saudi Arabia's highest religious authority has barred the use of mobile phones with built-in cameras, blaming them for "spreading obscenity."
Euphoria still lingers in the air after the triumphant homecoming of two Italian aid workers held hostage in Iraq. But concern intensified 
SPACE.com -  quot;My heart stopped \  here on the ground. quot;\  -- Erik Lindbergh
 Australian scientists have invented an electronic driver's  assistant system, similar to the back-seat driver who forever  points out road signs and warns against speeding.
The New York Mets plan to make a major announcement Thursday amid reports they are planning to hire Omar Minaya from the Montreal Expos as head of baseball operations.
African monitors should deploy in camps to help protect the almost 1.5 million people displaced by the conflict in Darfur and should also monitor police to help build 
The Blue Gene/L system performed just over 36,000 billion calculations a second during tests at IBM #39;s Rochester office in Minnesota, the company announced on 29 September.
Kmart Holding Corp. has finalized the sale of 50 of its stores to Sears, Roebuck and Co. for \$575 million, the retailer said Wednesday.
Kenya's Human Rights Commission criticises conditions at Meru jail where seven prisoners have died.
Murder trial witnesses say they heard screams and saw men running from where a British backpacker was found dead.
The United States today reclaimed the lead in global supercomputing more than two years after Japans Earth Simulator shook the computing world by claiming the top spot.
SpaceShipOne, on a quest to win \$10 million, spun unexpectedly as it rocketed toward space Wednesday, but apparently went into space for the second time.
Apple has introduced two new Jam Packs for its popular GarageBand consumer music creation software today. These two new packs offer new instruments and loops for different genres.
KILKENNY, Ireland : Tiger Woods is doubtful for this week #39;s World Golf Championships event in Ireland after injuring a shoulder in a fall.
Reigning world time trial champion Michael Rogers of Australia successfully defended his crown here at the world road race championships Wednesday.
Arsenal #39;s Brazilian midfielder Gilberto will be sidelined for at least a month with a back injury according to a club report.  quot;Gilberto is out.
SpaceShipOne landed safely on Wednesday in the California desert after a wild corkscrew-like ascent into space, and is now a step closer to a 
Two closed Kmart stores in the Tampa Bay area are among 50 nationwide acquired by Sears, Roebuck and Co. in a \$576-million deal announced Wednesday.
The US economy slowed less than previously estimated in the second quarter as exports and inventories grew, revised numbers from the government show.
Who better to talk about the Yankees-Red Sox rivalry than Tom Gordon, who calls his days in Boston among his happiest in the game.
Sol Campbell started his second game in the space of five days when he lined up in the Arsenal defence for tonights Champions League encounter with Rosenborg in Norway.
The world economy this year should post its best growth in three decades even though oil prices are up sharply and economic activity in the United States probably will be slower than previously thought.
Reuters - Richard Branson is abandoning cyberspace\as he heads for outer space.
Reuters - President Bush and\Democratic rival Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday wrapped up\practice sessions for their first debate with each side\claiming the other faced the tougher challenge.
Secretary of State Colin Powell will visit Brazil Oct. 6-8 for talks with officials on Latin American issues and other topics.
AP - Hype from the media, fans, players and coaches can make a college football game seem like a life-or-death situation. Not at the service academies.
Microsoft issues free tools to create business reports its Exchange and customer relationship management applications.
Experts say viruses don't pose a serious risk to handheld devices--yet.
KOLKATA: Weeks of suspense, a final day packed with drama, and in the best potboiler tradition, it all boiled down to the last few moments.
Verizon will use Linksys phone adapters for its VoIP service, as the market for placing calls over the Net picks up momentum.
Software giant announces new tools for plugging digital cameras into PCs.
SanDisk's media player can be connected directly to a TV set to display still images and video clips taken by digital cameras.
Application that claimed to "spam the spammers" caused much controversy.
InfoWorld - For the first time since 2002, Japan #39;s Earth Simulator is not the most powerful supercomputer on the planet.
artha Stewart #39;s prison stay for lying about a stock sale will take her to West Virginia, farther from home for the holidays, she said today, than she had hoped.
Windows #39; JPEG vulnerability could be exploited by using Internet Explorer, a security firm claimed Wednesday, making the threat a potentially  quot;devastating quot; one.
A new international group of defense contractors and systems integrators plans to accelerate increased interoperability in network systems that serve the military, first responders and, eventually, commercial users.
THE INDIAN Olympic Association on Wednesday slapped life bans on tainted weightlifters Pratima Kumari and Sanamacha Chanu who were caught cheating at the Athens Olympics.
Fans of the Montreal Expos prepared to bid adieu on Wednesday, as Canada #39;s first big league baseball team appeared set to move to Washington.
Two Western Illinois football players were suspended from the team Wednesday after being charged in a weekend burglary. Defensive back William Penn and defensive lineman Michael Black were each charged with 
Masala, an add-on to IBM's DB2 database, queries far-flung info sources on company networks.
New Silicon Graphics machine has a chance at giving Big Blue a run for the title.
Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
AP - Carlos Lee hit a grand slam and a two-run homer and Freddy Garcia pitched seven scoreless innings to lead the Chicago White Sox past the Detroit Tigers 11-2 Wednesday.
Pilot Mike Melvill flew SpaceShipOne to the designated altitude, but on the return to Earth the craft rolled more than 30 times, causing concern on the ground.
It has been regretfully announced that three-times Rally Dakar winner Richard Sainct was killed today (Wednesday) while competing in Rally Egypt.
AP - Two Western Illinois football players were suspended from the team Wednesday after being charged in a weekend burglary.
Scams that use spoofed Web sites of banks and other trusted bodies pulled in a majority of U.S. surfers, a survey has found.
Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices fell for a\second straight session on Wednesday as buyers' resistance to\higher prices spawned a wave of profit-taking.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks advanced on Wednesday as  Internet and semiconductor companies led technology shares  higher and crude oil retreated from record high prices.
The spice and seasoning manufacturer beats third-quarter earnings and reaffirms guidance.
In a deal combining two travel industry powerhouses, hotel franchisor and real estate service company Cendant Corp. agreed to acquire Internet travel agency Orbitz Inc.
Greeting card maker American Greetings Corp. has reinstated its quarterly dividend after three years, as the company swings to profitability.
Apple on Wednesday announced Logic Pro 7 and Logic Express 7, the newest major releases of the company #39;s pro music creation and audio production software.
BARDOLINO, Italy (CP) - Michael Rogers of Australia won the elite-division time trail Wednesday at the world road cycling championships, repeating his delayed victory from last year.
Although business intelligence software can yield major benefits for companies, a variety of challenges can arise during implementations, said users at the Business Intelligence Perspectives conference.
The most significant product advancement is Salesforce.com's newly released Telephony API tool kit, which allows its sales automation software to integrate with products from partners.
Compuware announced plans yesterday to release two new products: one to purge new applications of security vulnerabilities, and a second to test applications against common errors.
Travel and hospitality company Cendant Corp. today announced plans to acquire online travel vendor Orbitz.com for approximately \$1.25 billion.
Computer Associates International said today that it plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, or 5 of its workforce, in the hope of shaving \$70 million annually off its operating costs.
Citing sluggish sales, communications chip maker Agere Systems today said it will cut 500 jobs and sell or close a plant in Florida that employs 600 people.
Apple Computer Inc. has improved the services offered to subscribers of .Mac, including an increase in the amount of online data storage to 250MB.
NEW DELHI: Microsoft will be launching substantially low-priced Windows XP Starter Edition in the Indian market early next year.
Sifting through millions of documents to locate a valuable few is tedious enough, but what happens when those files are scattered across different repositories?
pee writes  quot;A passenger on a commuter plane in northern Norway attacked both pilots and at least one passenger with an axe as the aircraft was coming in to land.
AFP - Arsenal's capacity for shooting themselves in the foot in Europe surfaced again as the English champions laboured to a 1-1 draw with Rosenborg.
Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - It's finally official. The Montreal Expos are moving on.
AP - Republicans have one message for followers of many faiths: Sen. John Kerry is wrong.
AP - Congress' Republican leaders are postponing politically thorny votes on overtime, imported prescription drugs and other issues until after the November elections.
Union workers went out on strike Wednesday morning at four San Francisco hotels, their contract bargaining having stalled over differences about wages, pensions and the term of a contract.
Colombia, locked in a 40-year war fueled by the drug trade, has made gains in restoring order and economic growth but needs more international help to secure 
IBM CORP. announced Wednesday that it has created the most powerful computer ever, besting a Japanese machine that has held the world record for computing power for three years.
The Prime Minister has confirmed the two Israelis convicted and sentenced earlier this year for passport fraud, have been deported.
Travel and real estate heavyweight Cendant said Wednesday it will buy travel Web site Orbitz for about \$1.25 billion, making it the No.
Synnex beat Wall Street estimates and reported a 50 percent increase in net income for the third quarter ended Aug. 31, and a 29-percent increase in sales.
Shares of United Parcel Service Inc. moved higher in trading Wednesday, while DHL Express appears not to be garnering the US market share it originally expected.
Two leading midmarket CRM vendors released expansions of their platforms this week, branching further into the service side of CRM.
AC Milan scored twice in the last two minutes to beat Celtic in a dramatic Champions League clash which edged the Italians closer to the knockout stages.
His name is Steve Christian, and he is the mayor of Pitcairn Island and a descendant of Fletcher Christian, the Bounty #39;s first mate.
AP - A toxic algae bloom off the coast of Washington state has grown to about 30 miles wide, the largest and most potentially lethal algae yet found by scientists in the region.
Reuters - Drivers may soon have no excuse for\ignoring road signs.
Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices fell for a\second straight session on Wednesday as buyers' resistance to\higher prices spawned a wave of profit-taking.
Washington, Sep 30. (PTI): Embattled American airliners US Airways and Delta Airline have announced that they are targeting executives for new cuts.
The latest machine for helping the Energy Department model nuclear explosions has become the world #39;s most powerful computer. An IBM Corp.
Vendor offers server, switch, and host-channel adapter bundle with increased I/O bandwidth, processing capability, and memory. By Larry Greenemeier.
A Palestinian rocket slammed into a street in this southern Israeli town Wednesday, killing two preschool children playing in a yard as Israelis ushered in the fall harvest festival of Sukkot.
AP - Daniela Vanegas, a bright-eyed girl with thick, dark tresses, was kidnapped almost a year ago as she boarded her school bus in Bogota.
AFP - A rocket attack on a German-run peacekeeping team in northeastern Afghanistan has left four people injured, one seriously, a spokesman for the multinational security force in the country said.
AP - President Bush says it's "awfully difficult" for parents to urge their children not to drink and drive if they do it themselves.
Enterprise software takes an evolutionary step forward as Edge Dynamics and Tibco Software develop software that combines elements of both ERP and BI applications.
Low pay and poor conditions drove employees at two shoe plants in the Pearl River Delta to riot.
Arsenal are held to a draw in Norway, despite Freddie Ljungberg's sixth-minute opener.
Tony Blair says the government would respond "immediately" if Ken Bigley's captors make contact.
Major League Baseball will return to the nation's capital for the first time in more than three decades next season.
Senator John Kerry conceded today that the Bush campaign had been "particularly successful" in portraying him as wobbly.
Score one for the lion tamer. The federal regulator that oversees home-mortgage giant Fannie Mae finally persuaded that government-sponsored enterprise to agree to clean up its questionable accounting practices.
IBM on Wednesday said it has settled portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to its pension plan and said the potential liability for the other claims that remain on appeal is capped at \$1.
US stocks ended higher on Wednesday as Internet and semiconductor stocks led advances in technology shares and crude oil retreated from record high prices.
Higher prices and increased production gave Micron Technology Inc. its second straight profitable quarter, but its fourth-quarter results still fell short of Wall Street estimates.
He #39;s poised to rack up most hits in a season. Other marks look vulnerable, too. By Erik Spanberg  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor.
AP - The wait for a baseball team is over. The debate over the name begins.
Bobby Cox became just the ninth manager in to win 2,000 games when the Atlanta Braves scored four runs in the seventh inning and beat the Mets on Wednesday.
AP - Talbots Inc., the women's clothing retailer, cut its third-quarter earnings forecast Wednesday, citing low September sales.
The inventor of the World Wide Web told a technology conference on Wednesday that making the Web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: Getting the players behind 
BEIJING - China yesterday slammed Taiwanese Premier Yu Shyi-kun for threatening to fire missiles at Shanghai in the event of an attack by the mainland.
Insurance giant American International Group Inc. on Wednesday said its financial products unit is being investigated by the Department of Justice over possible violations of securities laws.
Martha Stewart released a statement today saying she is headed to a federal prison Alderson, W.Va., to serve her five-month sentence.
The US House of Representatives approved legislation Tuesday night that could put some peer-to-peer (define) file swappers in jail for up to five years.
Facing soft demand from major customers, semiconductor and software specialist Agere Systems said it will lay off 500 people and close three facilities to cut costs.
Chelsea beat Porto 3-1 in European soccer #39;s Champions League, giving coach Jose Mourinho a victory over the team he led to the title last season.
French driver Richard Sainct died in a crash Wednesday during the fourth stage of the International Cross Country Rally, Pharaohs Rally in Egypt.
Milton Bradley became the latest Major League Baseball player to go after the people who pay to see him perform. In the same month that Texas pitcher Frank Francisco was 
Seeking to restore the confidence of investors and advertisers after discovering exaggerated circulation figures at The Dallas Morning News, Belo Corp.
NEW DELHI: Indian sports officials on Wednesday handed life bans to three women weightlifters who tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs, officials said.
Beaming smiles at the millions who prayed for their freedom, Simona Torretta and Simona Pari returned to a relieved Rome last night.
JERUSALEM A Palestinian rocket killed two Israeli children and Israeli forces killed four Palestinians during a day of bloodshed Wednesday along the northern edges of the Gaza Strip.
The tiny UK Pacific colony of Pitcairn puts seven men on trial for sex abuse in a case splitting local opinion.
US stocks ended higher on Wednesday as internet and semiconductor stocks led advances in technology shares and crude oil retreated from record high prices.
Capital Radio and GWR saw 45m wiped off their combined stock market values yesterday as investors digested details of their proposed merger alongside trading updates published simultaneously by both companies.
The giant potato-shaped asteroid 4179 Toutatis zoomed past earth just after 8:30 am Wednesday afternoon in the closest approach of any known asteroid of comparable size this century.
Speaking at the annual Popkomm conference in Berlin, Germany, Apple vice-president of applications Eddie Cue told music executives that the company will expand the online iTunes Music Store 
Milan - Australian Michael Rogers successfully defended his cycling world time trial title in Bardolino on Wednesday. Rogers, 24, completed the 46.
Japanese blind runner Yuichi Takahashi won the Paralympic marathon Sunday, unsure of his victory until well after he finished his race along the ancient course.
Canada is facing a diplomatic headache after a group of suspected North Koreans broke into the Canadian Embassy in the Chinese capital, Beijing, on Wednesday.
An Apple exec has told Reuters that the company will be expanding its European iTunes Music Store in October. Vice president Eddie Cue told the news service 
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger felt his side were too cautious after a disappointing 1-1 draw away to Norwegian side Rosenborg in the Champions League.
AP - Ben Watson's rookie year with the New England Patriots started late and ended early.
Derek Jeter and Alex Rodriguez rallied the Yankees past the Minnesota Twins in the first game of a doubleheader at Yankee Stadium.
PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon was presiding today over the first ever cabinet meeting in Israeli history with ministers from just one party after he sacked his last remaining coalition partner.
A former guerrilla fighter elected as Zimbabwe #39;s first woman vice president called for unity in the ruling party after a divisive power struggle over her nomination for the 
Martin Sargent has mixed humor and technology into an unlikely hit on G4techTVs "Unscrewed."
Vietnam is making a big push to turn itself into an outsourcing powerhouse.
Noise-reducing headphones, more svelte than they used to be, are not just for pilots any more.
Micron Technology Inc., the No. 3 computer memory chip maker, on Wednesday reported a quarterly profit on stronger pricing, reversing a year-earlier loss.
Walt Disney Co. President Bob Iger said on Wednesday that a new deal with Pixar Animation Studios was unlikely and that the US media conglomerate 
Computer Associates on Wednesday announced a restructuring plan that will lay off 800 employees, or about 5 percent of its workforce, with 550 of the 800 reductions to take place in North America.
Apple Computer increased the combined storage of its .Mac e-mail and iDisk services to 250 megabytes on Wednesday, following a trend by Yahoo and Google in 
The Hubble Space Telescope has produced a vivid portrait of the early days of the universe, when baby galaxies were forming and stars were just beginning to shine.
The Arizona Diamondbacks signed left-hander Jeff Fassero on Wednesday with four games left this season. The Colorado Rockies released Fassero on Friday.
A judge set a trial date Wednesday for a lawsuit against the University of Colorado that touched off a scandal in the football program over allegations that sex, drugs and alcohol were used to lure recruits.
The Arizona Diamondbacks signed left-hander Jeff Fassero on Wednesday with four games left this season. The Colorado Rockies released Fassero on Friday.
NewsFactor - A newcomer on the open source scene has received funding to expand operations and develop new product lines.
Microsoft is bolstering BI and reporting features in both the existing SQL Server 2000 database and the planned SQL Server 2005 release.
Gateway plans to overhaul its consumer PC lineup Thursday with new configurable models that will be sold exclusively through the company's Web site and call centers.
Security experts have spotted the first attempts to create an Internet worm that propagates using instant messages and exploits a recently disclosed flaw in Microsoft software.
New NavOne offers handy PDA and Pocket PC connectivity, but fails to impress on everything else.
Gordon Brown has not yet done enough to reduce the UK #39;s budget deficit, the International Monetary Fund said yesterday, before demanding that he explain whether 
The HD-DVD Promotion Group will facilitate exchanges of information among hardware companies, device manufacturers and content firms, and organize joint promotion of HD-DVD to support early product launches and market expansion.
 quot;I feel we did not go forward enough and were a little bit within ourselves when we were 1-0 up, we were a little bit cautious.
Foxboro, MA (Sports Network) - The New England Patriots Wednesday announced that they placed first-round draft pick Benjamin Watson on injured reserve with a knee injury.
InfoWorld - Microsoft is bolstering BI and reporting features in both the existing SQL Server 2000 database and the planned SQL Server 2005 release.
AP - Mount St. Helens began rumbling more intensely Wednesday, prompting scientists to warn that a small or moderate eruption could happen in the next few days.
AP - A federal judge on Wednesday ordered the Interior Department to keep American Indians informed about a giant class-action lawsuit anytime they try to sell or exchange their lands or other assets.
AP - Elections in January throughout Iraq are an achievable goal, the State Department said Monday, but it refused to predict the goal would be reached.
AP - The Expos and Marlins were pulled off the field during Montreal's final home game Wednesday night after a fan threw a golf ball that landed near second base.
AP - Taking the Minnesota Vikings to the playoffs is one thing. Turning the Arizona Cardinals into a winner is quite another.
At just past 6:30 am Pacific Time today, the mountain-size asteroid came within four times the distance of the moon to the Earth - a comparative measurement 
Semiconductor company Silicon Image Wednesday announced its SteelVine Storage Architecture and Appliance for the personal video recorder market and small to midsized businesses.
The US House of Representatives passed a bill this week that could allow criminal charges to be brought against individuals who use file-swapping Web sites or networks.
Jose Mourinho #39;s Chelsea put one foot in the second round of the Champions League yesterday with a 3-1 win over his former club, defending champions Porto.
Proclaiming it a great day in Washington, Mayor Tony Williams confirmed Wednesday afternoon that Major League Baseball is returning to Washington.
Theater critics reportedly were unimpressed with Hollywood actor Kevin Spacey #39;s debut as artistic director of Cloaca at London #39;s Old Vic Theater.
Silicon Image #39;s new lower-cost storage appliance should be more palatable to small and midsize businesses. By Martin J. Garvey.
Former Chievo Verona coach Luigi Del Neri Wednesday took over to coach troubled Serie A club AS Roma, local media reported Wednesday.
An Algerian asylum seeker with an axe injured the two pilots on a Norwegian internal flight yesterday before being dragged screaming from the cockpit by fellow passengers.
TYPHOON Meari continued to lash Japan with heavy rain today, leaving 12 people dead and another 12 missing, weather officials and police said.
It is suspected that they were freed in exchange for a \$1 million ransom, a belief that has cast a cloud over national celebrations of the release.
Reuters - The Russian government said on Wednesday\it would discuss ratifying the Kyoto Protocol on global climate\change to which Moscow holds the key.
AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Wednesday the  #36;50 per barrel price of oil reflects a broken promise of President Bush that will hurt average Americans.
It is an axiom of the two presidential campaigns that their candidates offer a stark choice about America's role in the world.
SEATTLE - Mount St. Helens began rumbling more intensely Wednesday, prompting scientists to warn that a small or moderate eruption could happen in the next few days...
Hewlett-Packard is considering an expansion of its research operations in Puerto Rico for pharmaceutical work and other tasks.
Consulting firm reports that about 40 percent of Linux PCs will be modified to run an illegal copy of Windows.
At Baltimore pow-wow, hype over new electronic tracking technology is tempered by concerns about cost, privacy and quality.
CEO says demand for automated support and service drives addition to customer resource management products.
Hewlett-Packard says it is putting 300GB hard drives into storage devices and servers, with more products in October.
TOKYO - Stocks opened higher Thursday on the Tokyo Stock Exchange as overnight advances in US shares prompted widespread buying of recently battered stocks.
NEW YORK - Nasdaq plans to list itself on its own National Market by the end of the year, President and Chief Executive Robert Greifeld said Wednesday.
Martin ONeill is refusing to throw in the European towel after his side went down to two late goals in Milan, leaving Celtic pointless after two matches.
Charlotte, NC (Sports Network) - The Carolina Panthers will be without running back Stephen Davis for Sunday #39;s matchup with the Atlanta Falcons.
AP - A fight between teammates, incessant trade talk about Mike McKenzie, Brett Favre's bum shoulder, a desolated defense.
AP - The last time the nation's capital was home to the national pastime, the game was literally a riot.
Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  on Monday\said Tom Coughlin will retire as vice chairman after 25 years\with the world's largest retailer.
Three-quarters of wired Americans have noticed an increase in phishing incidents during the past few months, according to new data.
The doors are spinning again for the Mets and it is troubling to the veteran pitcher Tom Glavine, who has not had much to feel good about since signing with the team.
Allan Houston called playing in the Nov. 3 season opener at Minnesota a realistic goal, but also said, "I don't think anything's a lock."
A federal agency examines forensic tools to help law enforcement extract data from handheld gadgets.\
Virginia's roaring 4-0 start has earned notice nationally. Yet the Cavaliers are well aware that they haven't really accomplished anything yet.
After sending no minor league teams to their respective playoffs, first-year minor league director Doc Rodgers is fired by the Orioles on Wednesday.
 TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen was back under pressure on  Thursday from oil prices and as market players awaited the Bank  of Japan's quarterly survey of corporate sentiment.
Tokyo stocks slid for an eighth straight session Tuesday amid concerns about rising oil prices. The US dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Apple Computer is planning the next wave of expansion for its popular iTunes online music store with a multi-country European launch in 
Tiger Woods may not play in the American Express World Golf Championship, which starts at Mount Juliet, near Kilkenny, today and he may get married next week in Barbados.
Ironically it was the first regular season game for the Carolina Panthers that not only began the history of the franchise, but also saw the beginning of a rivalry that goes on to this day.
Automotive parts supplier Delphi Corp. said Wednesday it received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission in late July related to agreements with Electronic Data Systems Corp.
The private spacecraft SpaceShipOne briefly entered space above the California desert Wednesday, completing the first of two qualifying flights for the \$10 million X Prize.
Three-time Dakar Rally winner Richard Sainct has been killed in an accident during the fourth stage of the Rally of the Pharoahs in Egypt.
The sound emanating from back-rooms at the Labour Party conference in the Brighton Centre yesterday was the unedifying one of backs being scratched.
OIL prices dropped from record highs above \$50 a barrel yesterday as weekly US inventory data showed a surprise increase in crude stocks, easing fears over stretched international supplies.
US STOCKS were narrowly mixed yesterday as investors digested a jump in second-quarter gross domestic product, while keeping a close eye on falling oil prices.
Seeking to diversify beyond its sales-force-automation roots, Salesforce.com on Wednesday introduced a new on-demand call center and help desk application service called Supportforce.
com September 29, 2004, 6:50 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
MANAGER Jose Mourinho got the better of his former club and Chelseas Champions League ambitions remained firmly on track following last nights comfortable win over Porto.
Baseball #39;s decision to move the Montreal Expos to Washington gave officials in San Jose reason for optimism in their bid to acquire a major league team.
More than 100 American and European foreign policy experts signed a letter protesting against Russian President Vladimir Putin #39;s leadership.
The Linux seller plans to release the Netscape Enterprise Suite as open-source software in a bid to expand beyond its core product.
The 0.85-inch diameter drive is a candidate for cell phone storage, but can the product compete against flash memory?
Subcommittee hears objections to, support for 411 wireless directory legislation.
BTX technology cools down the company's new 700GR desktop.
Unionized workers at four large San Francisco hotels went on strike Wednesday morning over issues similar to those causing an impasse between hotels and their workers at several large hotels in Washington.
Lenovo Group stayed silent Friday about reports it was talking with IBM Corp. about buying the US companys personal computer business, but an executive hinted that the Chinese 
The U.S. economy's soft patch last spring was a bit firmer than previously thought.
A federal judge ruled that the provision broadly violated the Constitution by giving federal authorities unchecked powers to obtain private information.
More than 40 percent of Pentagon business, a total of \$362 billion, has been awarded on a no-bid basis over the last six years.
The International Monetary Fund added its voice to the growing calls for China to float its currency immediately.
Sudden changes in the housing market pose the biggest threat to the UK economy, the world financial watchdog warned today. In an unusually stark message, the International Monetary 
A bidding war for Australia #39;s biggest hotel owner has helped push the Australian share market into record territory yet again.
PC World - BTX technology cools down the company's new 700GR desktop.
The United Nations said on Wednesday that African Union monitors should be deployed in Darfur refugee camps and should also monitor police to help in building trust with the local community.
Russia appears set to approve the Kyoto climate change treaty, which could lead to its adoption worldwide.
Italy #39;s government dismissed reports Wednesday that it paid \$1 million to free two Italian aid workers who were kidnapped in Iraq and held for three weeks before being released Tuesday.
Haggard survivors of fighting in southern Darfur, thorns stuck to their bloody feet, straggled into this refugee community before dawn Wednesday and told harrowing 
AP - Cuban scholars charged Wednesday that the U.S. government denied visas to more than 60 Cubans seeking to attend conference on Latin America in the United States.
Britain says it is doing all it can to free UK hostage  Kenneth Bigley, but rules out deals with Iraqi militants.
Ankara - Russian President Vladimir Putin strongly warned on Monday against foreign interference in Ukraine and other former Soviet republics and suggested that Ukraine #39;s opposition was seeking power at any price.
The old adage that being overweight "is in the genes" may be true, at least partially, for some, say researchers.
In the first relocation of a major league team since last time the Washington Senators left, the Expos are headed to the nation's capital.
After a doubleheader sweep of the Minnesota Twins, the Yankees can clinch the A.L. East championship on Thursday by beating them again.
Italy's government dismissed reports Wednesday that it paid \$1 million to free two Italian aid workers who were kidnapped in Iraq and held for three weeks before being released Tuesday.
Taliban gunmen crept up to an Afghan government office under cover of darkness early Wednesday and launched a battle that left three Afghan soldiers and four attackers dead, police said.
Daniela Vanegas, a bright-eyed girl with thick, dark tresses, was kidnapped almost a year ago as she boarded her school bus in Bogota.
Unionized workers at four large San Francisco hotels went on strike yesterday morning over issues similar to those causing an impasse between hotels and their workers at several large hotels in Washington.
AP - The Tampa Bay Devil Rays damaged Boston's slim chances of winning the AL East, beating Pedro Martinez and the Red Sox 9-4 Wednesday night.
In a career that spanned 75 years of writing for The Washington Post, the late columnist Shirley Povich covered some of the most memorable sporting events of the century.
Anaheim Angels: Center fielder Garret Anderson left the game at Texas because of a sore left knee. The Angels said Anderson irritated the patella tendon near his left knee.
AP - Stan Hill threw three touchdown passes and Marshall held off a late rally to beat Miami, Ohio 33-25 Wednesday night.
The US oil giant got a good price, Russia #39;s No. 1 oil company acquired a savvy partner, and Putin polished Russia #39;s image.
Mogul Conrad Black is in negotiations that may culminate in his resignation from Hollinger Inc., according to a published report Thursday.
The advent of space tourism is one step closer with the safe return this week of a private manned rocketship from the edge of space.
The search outfit boasts of making all the information in the world just a click away. These days that doesn #39;t seem to apply in China.
The dollar strengthened slightly against major currencies in Asian trade yesterday, with the yen coming under pressure from a further spike in crude oil prices, dealers said.
NZ PM Clark demands apology for actions of suspected Mossad agents jailed for passport fraud; Eli Cara, Uriel Kelman released on Wed.
A weakening Typhoon Meari swept through northern Japan after killing at least 14 people and leaving 13 missing in two days of floods and landslides caused by heavy rain.
The United Nations rushed hundreds more peacekeepers to storm-ravaged Gonaves on Monday to stem looting, while hundreds of weary Haitians lined up for 
Michael Rogers made up for his disappointment in the Olympic time trial by collecting the gold medal in the world championships - twice.
Stocks rose today as investors digested a jump in the second-quarter gross domestic product and kept a close eye on lower oil prices.
While the economic growth in the U.S. was significantly better than a previous estimate, it was still the weakest showing in more than a year.
Vikram Solanki praised the quality of the wicket at the Queen #39;s Sports Club after his match-winning century against Zimbabwe in Bulawayo on Saturday.
After a doubleheader sweep of the Minnesota Twins, the Yankees can clinch the A.L. East championship on Thursday by beating them again.
She wanted Connecticut. She would have settled for Florida. But on Wednesday, Martha Stewart drew the short straw. She was assigned to serve her sentence at a federal 
US Major League baseball has released to the press the specially marked balls used for when Ichiro Suzuki bats as he closes in on the record for most hits in a season.
Jeff Bagwell singled in the go-ahead run in the seventh Wednesday night, giving Houston its franchise-record 15th straight home win, 6-4 over St.
Net phone service and retailer push misleading products on consumers, Sipphone charges.
Baseball suspended Milton Bradley for the rest of the regular season Wednesday for throwing the kind of tantrum that is becoming commonplace in California.
Vivisimo has launched Clusty, a meta search engine with an impressive array of tools that helps you quickly find relevant results from a variety of information sources.
Rather than banning the phones outright, schools are capitulating to demands of parents and market realities, and allowing students to carry cellphones in school.
KUWAIT - The Kuwaiti newspaper that predicted the release of two Italian hostages in Iraq says the captors had originally demanded a US\$5 million (\$7.
Millions of volunteers led by emergency teams fanned out across Thailand today in a new drive to fight bird flu after the prime minister gave officials 30 days to eradicate the epidemic.
Google executives have long conceded that one of their great fears is to be overtaken by a more advanced Internet search technology.
ALDERSON - Starting Oct. 8, Martha Stewart will begin serving her five-month sentence for lying to federal investigators here, in the Alderson Federal Prison Camp.
CHICAGO - One strike from an important victory, the Chicago Cubs ended up with another agonizing defeat that damaged their drive to the playoffs.
HOUSTON (Ticker) -- Jeff Bagwell made sure the Houston Astros did not waste a golden opportunity in the National League wild card chase.
Jeff Bagwell drives in two runs and Jeff Kent hit his 300th career homer to send the Astros to a 6-4 win over the Cardinals.
Japanese industrial production expands for the first time in three months, pushing the Nikkei up for the first time in nine days.
Millionaire celebrity homemaker Martha Stewart had hoped to spend her prison time closer to her family and attorneys or in Florida, but instead will be incarcerated at a remote West Virginia prison camp.
A judge overseeing the battle for control of Hollinger Inc. has allowed Conrad Black to remain atop the company, even after Black acknowledged that a \$1.
The Minnesota Twins might have moved two steps back toward a return to Yankee Stadium next week for the first round of the playoffs when they got swept by the New York Yankees in a rain 
Facing soft demand from major customers, semiconductor and software specialist Agere Systems said it will lay off 500 people and close three facilities to cut costs.
SANAA - A court here has sentenced two Yemeni Al-Qaeda militants to death and jailed four others for the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole, which killed 17 sailors.
Two Israelis who were jailed for two months for trying to obtain a New Zealand passport were released from prison and deported Wednesday, Prime Minister Helen Clark said.
The International Monetary Fund has lowered its 2004 economic growth forecast for Korea to 4.6 percent, citing weak domestic consumer spending amid rising household and corporate debt.
Tanager Financial Services of Waltham, which helps wealthy people manage their finances, yesterday agreed to a takeover by North Carolina-based banking giant Wachovia.
Athens: An hour-long no-frills closing ceremony dedicated to the victims of this week #39;s school bus crash brought to an end the Paralympic Games in Athens yesterday.
The Indians #39; bullpen has struggled this season, 27 blown saves in 58 opportunities, but it was impeccable on Wednesday night. Five Cleveland relievers combined 
Vivisimo, an Internet search engine company, is introducing a service that is meant to lessen online information overload.
Completing the first leg of a quest for a \$10 million prize, a test pilot took a privately financed plane past the cusp of space on Wednesday.
IBM Corp. said Wednesday it has agreed to pay \$320 million in retirement benefits to settle part of a class-action lawsuit and another \$1.
A privately funded spacecraft appeared to rocket past its target altitude more than 60 miles above California #39;s high desert yesterday 
Theatre critics appeared less than impressed by Hollywood star Kevin Spacey #39;s debut as artistic director of London #39;s Old Vic Theatre.
There are plenty of reports on the final day of the Expos, how the city that no one in the United States felt deserved a team is finally losing it.
Australia #39;s Michael Rogers won the elite-division time trial Wednesday at the road cycling World Championships, defending the title he was awarded earlier this month after 
Martha Stewart lost a bid to serve her five-month prison term near her home in Connecticut and was ordered to report to a minimum-security prison camp in West Virginia next week.
President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo claimed Wednesday that the Philippines #39; growth prospects remain firm despite doomsayers #39; grim economic forecasts.
Boston Scientific Corp. said yesterday it sold \$8.3 million worth of its Taxus drug-coated cardiac stents per day this month, a record level the Natick medical 
Microsoft (Quote, Chart) is expanding business intelligence capabilities in its database software with two free software service packs that augment the reporting capabilities in SQL Server 2000.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho brushed off an ugly incident with a Porto fan before last night #39;s 3-1 demolition of the Euro champs at Stamford Bridge.
China has asked Canada to hand over a group of 44 people, thought to be North Koreans, who stormed the Canadian embassy in Beijing on Wednesday.
Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga has said that the government can no longer ignore the spate of killings by the Tamil Tiger rebels, a presidential statement available here on Thursday.
Iraqi security forces today arrested a suspected terrorist operating on Baghdad #39;s blood-soaked Haifa Street, an Iraqi commander said.
AFP - The 2004 presidential campaign has marked the coming of age for Internet 'blog' journals as a cutting edge political tool for raising cash and revving up political support.
Wholesale grocer Metcash Trading has announced that it intends to make an off-market takeover offer to acquire the entire issued share capital of Australian supermarket group Foodland Associated.
Reuters - Two Palestinian gunmen fired on an Israeli\army outpost in the northern Gaza Strip on Thursday, killing a\soldier before being shot dead, a military spokeswoman said.
Tokyo stocks rebounded on Thursday from a nine-day drop, after Wall Street #39;s overnight rise. The US dollar was lower against the Japanese yen.
A judge in Yemen sentenced two men to death and four others to prison terms of as long as 10 years for the deadly attack in 2000 against the warship USS Cole.
A video of what appears to be British hostage Kenneth Bigley was posted on an Islamic website on Wednesday showing him weeping and pleading for British Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life.
Crude oil rose from a three-month low on disruptions to supply from Nigeria and Norway and after OPEC members said they may need to cut output after prices plunged.
BAL HARBOUR, Fla. - The first presidential debate and its focus on foreign policy and security gives both President Bush and Sen...
Connecticut Sun point guard Lindsay Whalen drove the baseline and kicked the ball out to Nykesha Sales at the top of the key. Sales let a 3-pointer 
Dodgers outfielder Milton Bradley received a five-game suspension from Major League Baseball on Wednesday, one day after his bottle-throwing incident with fans in right field at Dodger Stadium.
Global warming is likely to produce a significant increase in the intensity and rainfall of hurricanes in coming decades, according to an analysis.
Union employees at Pratt  amp; Whitney return to work today under terms of a new contract, after failing to muster the two-thirds vote needed to go on strike.
Tiny atomic clocks could be slipped into cellphones, hand-held computers and global positioning system receivers.
The magazine Chemical and Engineering News has started publishing movie reviews that focus on the accuracy of the science in the latest Hollywood releases.
International Business Machines Corp. said yesterday it will pay at least \$300 million to settle part of a lawsuit that claimed the firm's pension plan discriminated against older workers.
Oil prices fell yesterday after government data showed US inventories of crude grew last week, surprising many traders and analysts who had expected supplies to shrink due to lingering output problems caused by Hurricane Ivan.
In a bid to survive and to persuade unions to accept deep pay and benefit cuts, managers at US Airways Group and Delta Air Lines are sharing some of the pain.
Computer Associates will cut 800 jobs, the software maker said yesterday, reducing its workforce 5 percent in its biggest cost-cutting effort since 2001 amid slack demand and falling prices for software and services.
At least three people have been killed and several others injured in a US air strike on the Iraqi town of Falluja, west of Baghdad, local medics say.
Tokyo, Sept. 30 (NNN): At least 24 people have been killed or are missing after a powerful tropical storm struck south-western Japan.
UK house prices rose 0.2pc in September compared with the month before to stand up 17.8pc on a year ago, according to Nationwide Building Society.
Natural gas prices have jumped 17 in two days, a chilling development for the millions of Americans who heat their homes with natural gas.
CALGARY - Calgary #39;s already sizzling business community has scooped its biggest prize yet with the move from Toronto of Imperial Oil Ltd.
The inventor of the World Wide Web told a technology conference yesterday that making the Web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: getting the players 
Weary of fielding questions about his role in the postseason, Pedro Martinez asked the Red Sox before Tuesday #39;s game against the Devil Rays to reveal their plans.
KILKENNY - Tiger Woods will decide today if he will be able to play in a multi-million dollar championship after injuring his shoulder.
Even when he gets only one hit and his only impact on the game is an out, Ichiro winds up the focus of a well-pitched game by Bobby Madritsch.
The mayor of Pitcairn Island was the first of seven men accused of sex abuse to stand trial yesterday as the historic case got under way in the Pacific outpost.
Federal Labor leader Mark Latham says the Prime Minister needs to face up to the reality that there were no stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
US computer giant IBM agrees a \$320m deal with older staff, who had argued that changes to its pension scheme left them worse off.
Scientists in the US fear a volcano in Washington state, near Seattle and Portland, could soon erupt after a surge in seismic activity.
House prices rose 0.2 percent in September compared with the month before to stand up 17.8 percent on a year ago, the Nationwide Building Society says.
The first privately funded manned rocket to reach space completed the first half of a \$10 million flight competition yesterday by soaring to an altitude of 
Then he hit a mistake out of the park in the top of the 11th inning and put Anaheim back in sole possession of first place in the American League West.
The doubters were in Paul Johnson #39;s ear three years ago when the ultra-successful coach at Georgia Southern decided to accept the head coaching job at Navy.
The Braves #39; sense of timing is impeccable. Whenever the Mets are down, along comes their tomahawk-chopping nemesis to show them up.
International Monetary Fund said on Wednesday, September 29, that it raised its outlook for Russias economy, forecasting 6.6 percent GDP growth in 2005.
House prices rose only modestly on the month in September, the Nationwide Building Society says, backing expectations that the Bank of England may have nearly finished raising interest rates.
Anaheim moved a game ahead of Oakland in the American League West race Wednesday night while New York moved within a victory of the AL East title.
By all accounts, Jay Fiedler is a good guy. He signs autographs, performs charity work and always speaks well of others, even the New York Jets.
The government has appealed to kidnappers holding hostage Kenneth Bigley in Iraq to make contact -- but still ruled out negotiations or ransom payment.
Analysts in Hong Kong say China is signalling its intention to take a more active role in the territory's affairs.
The prime minister announces that Gurkhas who have served in the Army are now entitled to citizenship.
The first images that hide a virus inside them have been found in a pornographic newsgroup on the net.
A woman denies charges of stalking and making threats against film star Catherine Zeta Jones.
 LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp told a judge on  Thursday that the European Commission must be stopped from  ordering it to give up secret technology to competitors.
The Bush administration, battling negative perceptions of the Iraq war, is sending Iraqi Americans to deliver what the Pentagon calls "good news" about Iraq to U.S. military bases.
US software giant Microsoft on Thursday launched its legal appeal against a stinging EU anti-trust ruling, six months after it was fined nearly half a billion euros for abusing its market dominance.
The Giants lost a crucial ballgame to the Padres on Wednesday night but also may have lost Dustan Mohr for the final four games of the season.
AFP - Britain's Cable and Wireless is in talks to quit Japan by selling its money-losing Japanese unit to Softbank or an investment firm in Tokyo.
BT is looking again at price rises on wholesale broadband which have angered small net providers.
Mobile phone operator MMO2 raises its UK revenue growth target for this year as it gets more customers and existing users spend more.
Telecoms giant BT is looking again at price rises on wholesale broadband which have angered small net providers.
Microsoft has told a judge that the European Commission must be stopped from ordering it to give up secret technology to competitors.
Within this year, tech-savvy Koreans will be able to make and receive calls through Internet-enabled phones as you would do on regular phones, at a lower cost.
A suicide bomber killed one person and wounded 60 on Thursday when he blew up his car in Abu Ghraib, west of Baghdad, doctors and officials said.
LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Mobile operator Mmo2 on Thursday said it was lifting its service revenue forecast in Britain after a strong first half.
AFP - Shaquille O'Neal paid various women hush money to keep quiet about sexual encounters, Kobe Bryant told law enforcement officers in Eagle, Colorado.
AP - A French soldier who locked himself in an explosives depot and threatened to blow it up surrendered Monday, ending a three-day standoff, the Interior Ministry said.
THOMASTOWN, Ireland -- Tiger Woods realizes the only way he can reclaim the No. 1 ranking from Vijay Singh is to win golf tournaments.
The Tennessee Titans have a simple rule: If Steve McNair feels he can play injured, discussion over.
Mackenzy Bernadeau, last season's football captain and team MVP at Waltham High School, is now a freshman at Bentley College, in his hometown.
After missing the first four games of the season with a hamstring injury, Northborough's Sarah Callaghan has returned to the Tufts University women's soccer team.
Purses overflowing with cash, exotic locales, manicured golf courses. The World Golf Championships have it all. Except for totally committed players, that is.
Overall results in China last weekend were disappointing, but Fernandos fourth place finish was an extremely impressive drive in a tricky car.
AIG, the world's largest insurer,  is the target of a criminal investigation, accused of helping a client commit fraud.
There are no gates or fences, and most days anyone can drive straight to the warden #39;s home at the Federal Correctional Institute here.
Tokyo stocks rebounded on Thursday from a nine-day drop on receding concerns about high oil prices. The dollar was lower against the Japanese yen.
The DVD Forum moved a step further toward the advent of HD DVD media and drives with the approval of key physical specifications at a meeting of the organisations steering committee last week.
Trondheim, Norway - Arsene Wenger made his frustration clear after a hesitant display against Norwegian champions Rosenborg left Arsenal with everything still to play for in their Champions League group.
Barcelona were keeping their feet on the ground after continuing their perfect start in Champions League Group F with a stylish 3-0 win over Shakhtar Donetsk on Wednesday.
A suicide attacker exploded a car bomb Thursday west of Baghdad, killing at least one US soldier and two Iraqi policemen and wounding 60 people, Iraqi and coalition officials said.
An Iraqi militant group says it has kidnapped 10 hostages, including two Indonesian women, who work for an electronics firm, Al Jazeera television says.
Asian stock markets closed mostly lower Tuesday on continued worries about the surge in global oil prices. Tokyo #39;s benchmark Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues slipped 43.
After months of planning, two alternative-fueled shuttle buses were added Tuesday to this Great Smoky Mountain tourist town #39;s transit fleet for a six-month demonstration.
London, Sept. 30 (NNN) : Britain says it is doing everything it can to secure the release in Iraq of British hostage, Kenneth Bigley.
A group of nine North Koreans who entered the Shanghai American School in China earlier this week in an apparent bid for asylum were handed over to police, it was revealed today.
Doctors have been issued with new guidance on the prescribing of antidepressants.
Two more people are killed in Italy in what officials say is a turf war between rivals within the Naples mafia.
By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Investors continued to balance their portfolios on Wednesday in advance of the end of the third quarter.
Reports from Hong Kong say China has indicated its intention to take a more active role in the political affairs of the territory.
Reuters - Women could be faster 100-meter\sprinters than men by the 2156 Olympics, according to a study\on Wednesday.
Questions company's 'one country, one store' restriction
Internet access does not make adults more likely to take part in formal education, research suggests.
Reuters - Russia's government approved the Kyoto\Protocol on Thursday and sent the climate change pact to the\State Duma, the lower house of parliament, for ratification.
A car bomb exploded today west of Baghdad, killing at least one U.S. soldier and two Iraqi policemen and wounding 60 people, Iraqi and coalition officials said.
IBM said yesterday that it had agreed to pay \$320 million to current and former employees to settle in part a class-action lawsuit over its pension plan in a case that may affect millions 
Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo Thursday expressed confidence in the country #39;s economy outlook and called all sectors not to be off the track in the major economic reforms.
AP - A Cleveland Indians pitcher was shot in the right calf when a bullet pierced the team's bus and grazed another player late Wednesday night.
Valencia coach Claudio Ranieri conceded his side had not been ruthless enough after seeing them slip to a 2-1 defeat to Werder Bremen in the Champions League.
The New England Patriots will attempt to tie the NFL record of 18 straight wins - including play-offs - when they meet former hero Drew Bledsoe and the Buffalo Bills on Sunday.
China on Thursday urged Canada to hand over 44 North Korean men, women and children, who stormed into the Canadian Embassy in Beijing on Wednesday to seek political asylum.
Hard-hit Thailand plans a campaign to change poultry farming methods as it seeks to stamp out the deadly bird flu virus before migrating wildfowl return during the 
If Vice President Annette Lu is the Margaret Thatcher of the feisty island of Taiwan _ unyielding, immensely quotable and never taking any intellectual prisoners _ then easygoing Chen 
A proud nerd puts her prefrontal cortex on the line to discover whether she's really a closet cool cat. By Jennifer Kahn from Wired magazine.
The dizzying array of file formats and anti-piracy options will hobble the burgeoning digital music business, says one of the developers behind the format that sparked the download revolution.
House price growth remained subdued in September, offering further proof of a slowdown in the property market, figures showed today.
Investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. is negotiating to buy GLG Partners, a large British hedge fund, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, citing unnamed sources.
In the week when rumours of the Oqo launch have been buzzing, it #39;s a bit confusing to have AT amp;T announce something called Ogo.
Investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. is negotiating to buy GLG Partners, a leading British hedge fund, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, citing unnamed sources.
The Walt Disney president, Robert Iger, has said it is  quot;unlikely quot; his studio will renew its distribution deal with the Pixar animation studio.
SiliconValley.com - Former eBay President Jeff Skoll is challenging Silicon Valley to create an endowment to address local needs.
AFP - Japanese Internet firm Softbank said it aims to enter the mobile phone industry supplying third-generation (3G) services as more customers embrace the advanced technology.
Sony Corp. #39;s PlayStation Portable, which goes on sale in Japan later this year and overseas next spring, boasts the superb image quality of its home-console counterpart.
Miami University head coach Terry Hoeppner hyped Wednesday night #39;s game against Marshall as a college football playoff. He had good reason, in five of the last six 
British Prime Minister Tony Blair says his Government is making every effort to secure the release of Ken Bigley, who is being held in Iraq.
